unlimited white paper unlimited white paper white paper the future copyright uip contents preface ............................................................................................................ blockchain entertainment market background ........................................... brief discussion blockchain ............................................................................. blockchain: the era .......................................................................................... market potential .................................................................................................... the application scope blockchain ..................................................................... the technological forerunners blockchain ....................................................... the entertainment industry: development and shackles ...................................... the size young-user market significant the development enterprises- the importance developing markets apparent .......................................... the mature markets remain their essentiality .................................................. the chinese market achieves full-scale development ....................................... the globalized entertainment enterprises are facing great challenges............ the traditional stereotyped habits still exist ...................................................... insights blockchain pan-entertainment industry .................................. the combined power blockchain pan-entertainment .................................. the smart business landscape entertainment ............................................ copyright protection............................................................................................ content-based sales entertainment products ............................................... precise publicity digital ads............................................................................. the privately-owned entertainment sharing era ............................................ the smart trading market for entertainment copyright ............................ brief introduction the smart trading market .............................................. theoretical basis products the market ...................................................... the "silent" spiral theory .................................................................................... the transboundary-based smart trading theory--mece analysis ................ the derivative process ip: principle voice communication ........................ cluster analysis--big-data prediction: the future trend entertainment copyright derivative market......................................................................................... team members ........................................................................................... unlimited white paper the business module the future copyright trading platform .................... overall observation the trading platform ................................................. the business module the trading platform .................................................... level copyright proof (only proof, not for certification) ............................. level the derivative trading function (by vote the committee transactions the market) .................................................................................... level good should digital collection for everyone who adores ..... level monopolize the sharing era ............................................................... the autonomous committee the trading platform......................................... certification mechanism asset rights ......................................................... non-anonymous verification committee ............................................................ vote for the demands the case sharing ............................................. governance report .............................................................................................. the business model the future copyright trading platform ...................... digital copyright right ................................................................................... the economic model for transaction and dissociation digital copyright rights build essential principles for economic model............................................... consensus model for uip asset transaction....................................................... demonstrations business scenarios ............................................................... .project economy .......................................................................................... industrial value uip....................................................................................... reward mode ................................................................................................... distribution tokens ....................................................................................... proportion fund spending............................................................................. compliance and information disclosure ....................................................... promotion and visual design ....................................................................... logo design ...................................................................................................... video shooting and post production .................................................................. promotion resources .................................................................................... reference........................................................................................................ disclaimer ....................................................................................................... last words ....................................................................................................................... unlimited white paper preface during every technological innovation after the industrial revolution, seems that entertainment industry gradually falls behind the development era. this time, only the products like make the public feel refreshing. however, compared the subversive development presented other industries, the frequency innovation the entertainment industry seems far lower than people's expectation. historical necessity that the blockchain technology the ladder towards value internet will eventually integrated with the entertainment industry. many key problems the information internet era, such piracy, copyright use confusion, difficulties for intellectual property liquidate, and the excessive length supply chain from input output between entertainment creators and users, will get effectively resolved under the blockchain technology. the new-generation infrastructure the entertainment industry, the "unlimitedip" (hereafter uip) will continue working the basic business functions like copyright evidence the course entertainment creation, intellectual property asset transaction, intellectual property dissociation and integration, etc. meanwhile, uip will explore new model that under the context sharing economy, the ownership copyright only owned its original author, yet its usage right shared unlimited white paper certain scope. believe that, the uip will revolutionize the whole entertainment industry, subverting the intermediate media industry the course from creation delivery, achieving point-to-point, disintermediated supplying model, and providing fans with the opportunities hold the ips that they cherish. our vision promote the integrated development scientific technology and entertainment and fulfill the "new renaissance" this century. the background blockchain and entertainment market .brief discussion blockchain blockchain: the era blockchain is, after steam engine, electricity, information and internet technology, the most potential core technology far that can motivate the fifth-round subversive technological revolution. just like the steam engine improving human productivity, the electricity resolving people's most essential life demands, and the information and internet technology utterly changing the business modes traditional industries unlimited white paper (such music and publishing), the blockchain technology will probably bring about decentralized secure transference for digital assets. "blockchain" sounds covered with sense future and technology, yet fact, distributed account book with decentralization. decentralization means all transactions happen the point-to-point level, without any need credit intermediaries centralized auditing agencies. the distributed account book means when one transaction happens, all the participants the chain will receive the information their own book. these transaction records are completely open the public, encrypted and non-tampering. based the fact that the blockchain technology has such features that when applied various situations, will bring four main aspects and their meanings for the participants follows: eliminate the necessity existence transaction intermediary order lower transaction cost: due the accomplishment point-to-point transaction, central processing liquidation organization becomes excessive; the authentication transaction jointly certified and maintained all the participants the blockchain, the credit intermediary the third party has therefore lost its existing value. the settlement transaction nearly instantaneous, this would raise the transaction efficiency and therefore greatly improve asset utilization. the non-tampering the information blockchain and the decentralized means data storage make the best carrier data and information records. unlimited white paper the programmable blockchain enables transaction process fully automatic: the default transaction principles are inserted blockchain, when the predefined conditions are achieved, the transaction would automatically done. this can raise the automatic level transaction. with the problems valued information dissemination and decentralization being solved, the blockchain technology deemed the most subversive technological innovation since the invention internet, even honored the "next generation internet". more and more enterprises have deeply understood the great power conceived the blockchain technology and they actively carry out the industry layout; addition, the business application scenarios have also reached more and more industries and fields. market potential the mention market potential instead value because the determined projects the core the blackchain technology are far very few. far the situation concerned, most the researches and applications the blockchain bottom technology platform are still based the accounting function. the end march there have been financial institutes around the world the league association unlimited white paper named "rcev". the first test distributed account book will use the baas technology from azure ethereum and microsoft cloud services. with the development and expansion the blockchain industry ecosystem, believable that each industry will generate more diversified blockchain-determined applications. the other hand, the chinese government also providing full support towards the blockchain industry: since the end china has established the blockchain application research center (qu kuai lian ying yong yan jiu zhong xin beijing and hangzhou, china blockchain industry league (zhong guo kuai lian chan lian meng and ganzhou blockchain industry sandbox industrial park (gan zhou kuai lian chan sha chan yuan the application scope blockchain the "white paper blockchain technology and its application development china )"issued the ministry industry and information points out that fields such finance, supply chain, entertainment, smart manufacture, social public welfare, education and employment are the unlimited white paper key application scenarios. the blockchain project investments mainly focused the fields mining, trading platform, payoff, information, etc. with the scenarios getting further developed, the focus the investments will transferred the technological application field. the forerunners blockchain the computing field, there have been file-sharing and transmission technology like and emule, grid computing projects such "folding@home" and "seti@home" from bonic (bo kai fang shi wang luo suan ping tai and the "rpow (ke yong gong zuo liang zheng ming originally used examine junk mails. cryptography, have the asymmetric elliptic curve cryptography algorithm, the "hash function", the schnorr digital signature algorithm and merkle tree. the application all the specific methods above mature and wide basis provides essential conditions for the emergence bitcoin blockchain. the entertainment industry: development and shackles unlimited white paper after the global development the entertainment industry majorly focuses the following aspects: the size young-user market significant the development enterprises the young population one the key factors influence market, because compared the elderly, the young would inclined media expenses and more easily acceptable new technology. presently, the average expenditure growth rate ten youngest markets around the globe almost three times than that ten oldest ones. the change average expenditure entertainment and media more relevant the average age people the local region than the relatively abundant level life. unlimited white paper the increasing middle class and economy will propel the income from consumer magazines the developing market, but fall down the developed economy. compound growth rate consumer magazines region (%), north america asia-pacific latin america western europe middle eastern europe middle-east africa unlimited white paper source: global entertainment and media prediction (-), pwc the importance developing markets apparent this tendency the developing countries extremely obvious: the average growth pace expenditure entertainment and media surpasses its gdp growth pace. global scale, latin america the only region which newspaper groups continue growing with the push digital charge scheme. the gross income newspaper region, unlimited white paper asia-pacific europe, middle-east and africa north america latin america source: global entertainment and media prediction (-), pwc the mature markets remain their essentiality china and america are the two the best among the mature markets the entertainment industry, yet america's market share far more than china's. for the time being, north america still the biggest revenue market respect the industry. meanwhile, the revenue home video subscription america and ott streaming video services expected total billion, almost taking one-third the global revenue the industry. the upcoming decade, the revenue home video china expected usher tremendous growth. just for the current growth momentum, china expected climb the second unlimited white paper profitable region terms the revenue home video. nowadays, although the american market leading all the way, the chinese market already rapid development the right track. the gross revenue home video category ($), revenue electric home video subscription revenue all electric home video ott/ streaming video sales revenue physical home video rental revenue physical home video source: global entertainment and media prediction (-), pwc unlimited white paper the chinese market achieves full-scale development respect gross market value produced various fields, china's entertainment industry created market with total revenue billion rmb. among them: games: billion rmb (acceleration rate: -%) series and variety show: billion rmb (acceleration rate: -%) movies: billion rmb (acceleration rate: -%) live entertainment: billion rmb (acceleration rate: -%) the amount fees that subscribers pay for chinese video sites close million rmb. you can see, chinese movies have the least acceleration, which mainly because the starting point already high level. till this year, china expected become the world's largest market movie box office. the meantime, the army we-media the form and pgc/ugc living broadcast suddenly rises. the new scientific revolution has caused great increase the delivery on-site entertainment. unlimited white paper the globalized entertainment enterprises are facing great challenges although netflix dominates many markets around the world, but the chinese home entertainment market still controlled local enterprises such alibaba and tencent. centralized resource monopoly will become shackles the future development the entertainment industry. the excessive voice core resource likely cover the high-quality contents made the minority. the traditional stereotyped habits still exist cable manufacturers with traditional set-top box are fighting back the increase rebroadcasting instantaneous sports events and monopolizing entertainment contents. take this year's super bowl example: for many years, with the ratings the super bowl has been the highest rated show america. therefore, its limited "golden spots" for advertisements are undoubtedly the focus for major manufacturers compete. naturally, the advertising fees have been lifted up: for every seconds broadcasting advertisements during the unlimited white paper super bowl, the fees have been risen million dollars from million ips are held fewer hands: the excessive liquidation hot puts overloaded stress the buyers, and such economic stress will eventually moved onto the consumers. the biggest group cable audience has put more and more attention the broadcast sports events and high-level entertainment services, which detonates the price sports programs and relevant advertising fees. profits from television-based multimedia region (unit: million dollars) north america unlimited white paper latin america europe, middle-east and africa asia-pacific source: global entertainment and media prediction (-), pwc insights blockchain pan-entertainment industry the combined power blockchain pan-entertainment the very beginning, pan-entertainment meant multi-field symbioses based internet and mobile internet, establishing fan economy with star (intellectual property). the core ip, which can story, character any other things that numerous users would adore. since this year, pan-entertainment has been redefined width. the transboundary between industry and fact the transboundary scenario liquidation. like the online game "arena valor" that you are obsessed with, its theme will probably used concert the future, and you will probably buy the ticket and even certain kind financial product with the stunt this game the exhibition zone the concert. unlimited white paper the essence pan-entertainment that contents generate cultural transmission and economic liquidation over time various space (scenarios). the core commercial value achieve the ultimate goal liquidation means diversified derivative operation. the transboundary between two industries the transboundary between two scenarios generate cultural transmission economic liquidation over time various space (scenarios) conclusion: the means diversified derivative operation aiming liquidation the core commercial value! (derive) variation offline scenario (intercommunicate) online scenario concert festival stage play musicale gaming sports acg fashion show pgc live ugc live radio e-commerce social group online education unlimited white paper the smart business landscape entertainment nowadays, the ip-ized market has been overly deciphered, causing varieties messy situations, such mess authorization, identical contents, chaotic pricing system and opacity transaction. throughout the above, our team combined blockchain and entertainment industry into the smart business landscape based large number artistic creation practices and commercial transactions. this contains copyright protection, content-based sales entertainment products, precise publicity digital ads and unlimited white paper transboundary and combination the entertainment industry. the smart business landscape the combined blockchain and entertainment industry copyright protection the decentralized copyright protection platform based the blockchain technology can digitalize art works basis copyright, and make data preservation available. content-based sales entertainment products the decentralized multimedia platform based the blockchain technology will bring point-to-point media entertainment contents for users, and eliminate issues like operational costs and splits caused the centralized platform. such case, both content creators and users would maximize their gains. precise publicity digital ads share the attention based users and build transparent, precise unlimited white paper and privacy-protected ecosystem among advertisers, advertisement clients and users. transboundary and combination the entertainment industry the ultimate solution for the prosperity entertainment industry. copyright protection the decentralized copyright protection platform based the blockchain technology can digitalize art works basis copyright, and make data for preservation. content-based sales entertainment products the decentralized multimedia platform based the blockchain technology will bring point-to-point media entertainment contents for users, and eliminate issues like operational costs and splits caused the centralized platform. such case, both content creators and users would maximize their gains. unlimited white paper precise publicity digital ads share the attention based users and build transparent, precise and privacy-protected ecosystem among advertisers, advertisement clients and users. the privately-owned entertainment sharing era the future entertainment copyright market, everyone who loves should have hand, just like product stockholders. when the value distributed various hands scattered sense, can implement smart sharing good copyright under the regulation smart contracts following personal requests. the value good should examined the market, not imposed any holders resource monopolists. once the trend decentralization settled, the tendency centralizing entertainment resources will effectively contained. unlimited white paper the smart trading market for entertainment copyright brief introduction the smart trading market most the current transactions are conducted the intermediary mode, which leads the fact that large amount capitals paid the intermediate market. meanwhile, the reliance transactions intermediates has caused large amount communication cost the cross-border deals, including time, energy and money. order intensify the global trades depth, artistic communication should eliminate borders and intermediaries. therefore, have concluded following: the intersection among entertainment ip, business transactions and blockchain connotes the smart trading market for entertainment copyright. unlimited white paper entertainment industry chaotic business transaction preliminary decentralized smart transaction copyright (with transparency and openness) layout blockchain industry present, the smart trading market covers four levels: level copyright protects evidence level derives smart transaction level interest split level interest sharing every the smart trading platform should simultaneously meet: the accomplishment the first deal; its transaction medium based uip token will generate exclusive "ipunit", and buyers will decide whether sell its percentage the trading platform (the percentage unlimited white paper represents the amount interests possessed the ip). one side, this kind asset split can alleviate enormous economic stress buyers; the other side, this stock "ipunit" will held the stockholder who really adores it--as digital asset, good itself should also have the value sharing and collecting some level. call this form future copyright the "unlimitedip (uip)". the meantime, uip will also log the pan-entertainment smart trading platform. apart from the derivative contents being cross-sold, you can also hold shares the derivative value this ip. all this can achieved our future entertainment copyright trading platform. meanwhile, are exploring the multi-forms online trading: under the condition harm the original creators' benefit, can refer the concept sharing economy and share certain amount resources setting rules? this the trend after the future uip platform enters into the and eras. theoretical basis products the market order construct this entertainment trading platform, refer unlimited white paper the following theories: the "silent" spiral theory belongs the theory politics and public communication. this theory based such assumption: the majority people would try avoid the isolation generated individually holding some attitude and conviction. basically, describes such phenomenon: when people convey their own thoughts and perspectives, seeing the viewpoints they agree with have got widely supported, they will take active part it, and this kind viewpoints will broadly addressed and spread out; however, finding that (hardly) one understands viewpoint (even having experience that everyone points accusing finger it), they will keep silent even though they agree with it. the silence from one side viewpoint will cause the uprising momentum the other. so, after many circulations above, will form spiral development process that one side's voice will become more and more powerful, whereas the other will become more and more silent. due the specialty the entertainment industry, ensure the normal operation our trading platform, will actively bring people who have the right speak about entertainment into our team. the entry the unlimited white paper second half the internet majorly means take control the right speak and guide the trend the public. such large invisible cake that the current exploitation the blockchain technology still needs more influential professionals guide the public participate. the transboundary-based smart trading theory--mece analysis this theory based mathematical aggregation theory. contains two parts: "mutually exclusive" and "collectively exhaustive". headache physicality external head injury allergy headache caused adverse weather internal brain tumor hydrocephalus mentality stress and tension chronic psychiatric symptoms depression unlimited white paper this theory connotes way that when big issue occurs, are able make classifications without overlaps and omissions, and this means effectively grab the core the problem and solve it. includes four directions: collecting information, describing findings, conclusion and bringing out solutions. the new ways internet use, new forms derived from continuously generating. while establishing the types copyright derivative transactions the early stage, including those small-amount contents unacceptable the traditional entertainment such gifs and short videos. due the level their abundance, will also make classifications for them. will make classifications many can the early stage. unlimited white paper the derivative process ip: principle voice communication voice communication cycle starting from consumers' inner voice ending with consumers' sympathetic response origin area voicing area echoing area soundless area little wave energy wave single sound wave innovation wave emotion wave culture wave reorientation upgrading products reshaping image grouping with the scope sound expanding, the acoustic intensity strengthens. unlimited white paper high-quality development always goes through the above four phases. with certain amount energy wave the origin area, the acoustical radiation starts, then consistently expanding, product-upgrading and reorienting, will eventually produces new powerful system. the growth enterprise just process unceasingly expanding the circle sound wave. its core the inner power constructing your origin, namely, the voice prosthesis. along with various innovative means communication making sounds, will form sound wave the end. voice communication enables brands and communications become more simplified, clarified, visualized and animated. brand represents life, and voice communication attempting depict the growth path this life. cluster analysis--big-data prediction: the future trend entertainment copyright derivative market unlimited white paper cluster analysis process analysis with aggregations substantial abstract objects grouping into several categories consist resembling objects. vital human behavior. the aim cluster analysis collect data the similar basis and then classify them. cluster stems from many fields, including mathematics, computing science, statistics, biology and economics. the varied application fields, many cluster technologies have developed. these technological methods have been used describe data, measure the similarities among varied data sources and classify these sources into varied groups. the data the trading platform precipitates, are going use cluster analysis get familiar with traders' habits make interface more humanized. possible, with the analysis fans behavior, will even output the data the producers and support them build the contents more suitable for the market. team members unlimited white paper coming from three distinct fields, our team members bring powerful and unique resources for the uip project, and consistently enrich and improve this project: entertainment field: consists the leading hollywood entertainment celebrities and other creators from overseas. this aims promoting more general citizens part our trading platform. from this moment on, the blockchain technology will not work behind closed doors; instead, hope take advantage this opportunity integrate this revolutionary technology with the entertainment industry. technological field: the project provider associates tai yun technology (tai yun team the undertaking party for this project, well introducing eos team their professional technical guidance. present, some part the functional module has been the prototype-testing phase. hope that the future iterative development, can accept new technical schemes with open minds and carefully select technical routes, doing the best can manage the normal form the blockchain-determined projects. unlimited white paper technology entertainment mangement team: the transboundary team between the blockchain technology and the entertainment industry, will build the first blockchain pilot project the country that legitimate and follows the supervision and guidance our government. detailed introduction team members: chi jingchao ms. chi jingchao the ceo tian lang qing qing ltd. and the deputy director good" executive committee. she has the experience overseas study, graduating from the ukrainian national dnieper university with master degree computer programming and networking the department radio electronics. after graduation she returned china and got employed continuously guang han, guanghua foundation for science and technology, china-japan-korea sme promotion association. she also co-founded ling qian cai (bejing) technology co., ltd., xiao cai technology co., ltd. and beijing tian lang qing qing cultural unlimited white paper communication co., ltd., etc. she used associate major strategic partners accomplish many classics with the varied-typed transboundary linkage operation, such the movie "never gone", the concert "what tayu lo" and do: love", and the product announcement "haier high-level brand: casarte", turning her into the most newly potential pan-entertainment operator the scientific entertainment industry china. zhang hao mr. zhang hao has been working entertainment for years, focusing pop music performance brokerage. created ewb inc. new york, committing cultural communication between china and overseas. has organized and schemed over solo concerts america, europe, australia, etc. for chinese musicians like song zuying, sunnan, naying, cuijian and zhang liangying, etc. especially consecutively planned and held two times chinese song ranking awards ceremony america; the panda show was presented las vegas for year, setting record time duration chinese entertainment overseas performances. recent years, brought broadway musicales like "rent" and "fuerza bruta" (setting record times during the nationwide performing tour). additionally, also unlimited white paper attended many asian performing tours held music celebrities such madonna, mariah carey, ke$ha, boys man, backstreet boys, bon jovi, guns roses, the scorpion, the queen and air supply korea, singapore, malaysia and thailand, etc., zhao lingyan ms. zhao lingyan master media management murdoch university australia. before this, she graduated from communication university china with two bachelor degrees: electronic information engineering and broadcasting and television directing. from home abroad, she has worked china-australia newspaper editor, production movie "little door gods", internet movie "dj taoist priest", animation movie "intelligent beijing", "battle the morning peak" and "passion kitchen", etc., executive director for variety shows, transboundary operator and others related project producers. she used work wanda screen, light chaser animation studios and australia eastern post, etc. now she the founder and ceo link entertainments technology inc. deeply digging the industry technology and art combination, she has profound perception the production and derivation contents. unlimited white paper greg silverman mr. greg silverman the former president warner bro. entertainment company. participated and produced large number blockbusters with high reputation and profitable box office, such the dark knight trilogy, inception, interstellar, man steel, batman superman: dawn justice, etc. during his movie career over years, has established stable relationships with many respected and outstanding moviemakers, including ben affleck, christopher nolan, steve carell, alfonso cuaron, todd phillips, guy ritchie, margot robbie, sandra bullock, will smith, anne hathaway, bradley cooper, patty jenkins, david yates and steven spielberg, etc. now greg silverman has founded his own company, which warner-based and mainly focuses scientific entertainment. thinks the traditional business mode the way subversion, and his company are looking for new opportunities the revolution scientific entertainment. the partner uip american office, will bring high-quality american resources for the future copyright. teddy zee mr. teddy zee one the most important golden producers chinese unlimited white paper and asians hollywood. the films produced and supervised have amassed more than billion dollars revenue. member academy motion picture arts sciences (oscars), academy television arts sciences (emmys) and producers guild america. served executive vice president columbia pictures, senior vice president paramount pictures, president sony-based overbrook films, president fox-based davis entertainment, and now under the banner teddy zee productions. addition film and entertainment, his company has built integrated consulting and advisory practice that spans media, technology and commerce while bridging hollywood with asia. the partner uip american office, will engraft and bring investments uip's resources america. peng mr. peng has been engaged the marketing industry for years. now the co-founder and cmo tian lang qing qing, associating business team create new model steps for transboundary operation" pan-entertainment. cored with internet thinking and user needs, this model will provide solutions various marketing channels, pluralistic profit models and multi-polarized fan liquidations for pan-entertainment ip. with the idea transboundary integration, this unlimited white paper model will also help make new contents tailored brand and cross-settle new groups, enhance the incremental market pan-entertainment transboundary operation, and exert new momentum entertainment with technology. the technological part solely the charge beijing tai yun technology co., ltd. starting research and development tai nowadays has eated multi-asset lossless superconducting network that leads the world and has applied for over ten patents it. the tai super conducting network new-type network built tai blockcha in, supporting lossless transference multiple types digital ass ets. among the currently popular blockchain system, all the transa ctions need written into block and broadcast spots whole network. due the limitation block volume and its ormation speed, the transaction pace the whole network has limited dramatically. superconducting network builds supercondu cting channels among multiple transaction spots, and based the smart contract, can initiate fast transactions out blockchain along with customizable fields and security verifications. the larg e-scale performance test based the environment public clou unlimited white paper superconducting network keeps operating for one hour, accompli shing million transactions--nearly out-of-blockchain tra nsactions are managed per second. the specific testing data follows: the superconducting network operates the midst virtual machine instances, consistently operating seconds and finishing transactions, which means transacti ons are managed per second. that being said, even from inter national perspective, the highest level. unlimited white paper tai blockchain superconducting trading network test report (complete date: may nd, product type: blockchain superconducting trading network product name: entrusted agency: beijing tai yun technology co., ltd. test type: entrusted test unlimited white paper telecommunications research institute, ministry industry and information technology the business module the future copyright trading platform overall observation the trading platform unlimitedip kind dapp. the whole trading platform provides spontaneous trading with bottom oriented system without centralization. unlimited white paper based the silent spiral theory, order realize the operability the trading platform, use the pilot centralized model for our early resources grounding and promotion. that say, ensure the deep mobilization, invest producers and purchase the big ip. with the prosperity the trading platform, the action centralized producing will slowly fade away. order strictly guarantee the purity artistic creation platform, only deal with entertainment products. the same time, order achieve maximum possible landing project, had a-year-long resource layout. including cross-border product research and development, the inculcation block chain thinking for hollywood and domestic entertaining stars, encourage them put their hand the trading platform and stand voice for the future copyright. want call for more common people participate the understanding the block chain techniques. never patent for interior industry. not only worth developing, but also worthy more people's understanding, witnessing and participation. won't take long from digital money credit society. the types entertainment products that can traded are, theory, infinitely subdivided over time. now divided into the following unlimited white paper categories: writing, live entertainment, film and television, events and acg. clearly that these categories can divided into specific sub-categories well, such narration, application and demonstration. among them, the narrative literature produced the greatest value ip. for example, realize live entertainment, contains the landing event itself (concerts, music festivals, live house and on.) including two-degree transmission based the scene, such pgc live broadcast (current official video platforms include tencent, youku and other live broadcast), ugc live broadcast (like huajiao, yingke, douyu live from the media etc.), live broadcast (science and technology, enhance the audience's sense deep experience) and on. hundreds people, even single person, can exposed the whole audience, which may bring real-deep liquidation. based that, clearly for that entertainment industry content deeply overlapped. will make hypothesis here. mr. keigo higashino's novel journey under the midnight sun. can sell its derivative drama rights japanese company make the show journey under the midnight sun. the same time, sell the film adaptation right the company china. sells the concert's copyright rights the chinese party for its own box office sales. order ease the concert box office pressure, sells the concert live pgc unlimited white paper copyright live video company and ugc live broadcast copyright company because its own liquidation needs, sells some part the pgc copyright online titles and the other the content purchasing site and for requesting right. finally, mr. keigo higashino likely see the movie's concert the led screen after taking airline seat. result, the derivation entertainment must re-creation process. therefore, make the further conclusion: unlimited white paper the business module the trading platform level copyright proof (only proof, not for certification) traditional methods copyright proof: original method protecting intellectual property rights that the industry knows send printed copy the work express mail. after receiving the envelope, the writer will not open it, but use the time the postmark prove that has already owned the work. there are many disadvantages this method. firstly, the postmark can fake. secondly, difficult prove that the envelope has not been opened. thirdly, only part the entity's copyright can stored this way. therefore, the preservation copyright has always been pain point the entertainment industry. however, based the original method can still learn its basic principle and elements, that say, the reliable vectors, non-tampering unlimited white paper proof, privacy protection, timestamp and on. can traced, distributed, and difficult tamper with block chain itself. based hash algorithm, asymmetric encryption, timestamp and other technical characteristics, easy implement inventory user digital assets. when users upload each work, they are automatically stamped with timestamps the trading platform. avoid the criminals who plagiarize others and gain illegal benefits through the platform, all adopt the real name system register the transaction pattern. the same time, use personal credit scoring system. copyright disputes arise later, several steps will taken: first, the trading platform will provide fully uploaded information and timestamps for legal evidence from the originator. second, the outcome litigation disputes will have impact their personal credit. later, will gradually link this credit with zhima credit, with goal promote the establishment social credit system. level the derivative trading function (by voting the unlimited white paper committee transactions going the market) here, demonstrate two examples: student majoring film, drama and literature art school. she interested script creation. one day, small script that she wrote was sold directly the transaction site, and she harvested yuan cash. after that, the development the has nothing with her. great writer literary website, whose copyright work owned both him and the website. since the novel has huge amount fans, only intends sell the right movie adaptation while holding the copyright literature. there are two circumstances for transaction. the first the small and medium presented the first situation. the process trading such ip, traders have low impact due short creative cycle. they usually want sell their products directly for liquidation. under this circumstance, buyers and sellers basically follow only one decision: the highest bidder gets the product. such cases, buyers and sellers may even need only the most basic anonymous transactions. since the description the text unlimited white paper will difficult understand, will show the trading platform transaction model according the following flow chart: platform trading volume for the token holders/ platform trading volume for the platform fees private trading(illegal)/witness/ rise witness with the category entertainment uploaded, four effects can achieved: copyright protection transparent market reduced cost unlimited white paper intelligent cooperation copyright protection, which mentioned layer can exert copyright proof uploading. during the process, users need register with their real name before uploading their own data. the examination real-name registration carried out the uip certification department voted the autonomous community. when the real-name registration finished, users generate basic value credit. the registered users will have the right upload the work. when sellers have transaction demands, the type they sell will defined automatically according the clear choice the trading platform. for example, the literary will sell rights movie adaptation even all the televised adaptation rights the same time. the platform will provide very friendly operating interface ensure that the art creators who guarantee knowledge block chain can also fill requirements successfully. sellers will guided the interface fill out their own requirements attributes: including the adaptation cycle (permanent within few years), the adaptation type (movies, television dramas, short video other content), the price range unlimited white paper (usually can set reserve price), the purchaser qualification (person film company), whether payment advance not, etc. the same time, accordingly, there will buyers initiating trading requirements, including the acceptance scope the budget (generally set hardtop), qualification for buyers (person company), trading mode (full payment, cash payment part cross-industry cooperation), and plausible cycle for (full buyout difference). once the seller initiates transaction request for his uploaded work, the system will review and secure the seller's work through the trading committee the autonomous community. only works art, which pass the examination, can used for trading prevent someone who just changes the name journey under the midnight sun for trading the trading platform. once the committee finds someone uploading others' copied work, have the right make credit deduction close his account. the behavior entirely based the block chain technology, which unlimited white paper will visible all holders the transaction platform and may broadcast necessary. when the seller uploads his legal works accordance with the formal procedure, the system will systematically match the buyer and seller according their requirements. the buyer will filter the matched content and select the items likes proceed the next transaction. for small and medium transaction like the first situation mentioned above, when the buyer and the seller both choose the transaction, the two parties have the right ask for anonymous non-anonymous transactions. for many medium-sized and large ips, the source copyright often regards its artistic creation treasure. this case, they will not only maintain the source itself, but also cautious about the transactions derivatives. the highest bidder not the sole purpose the transaction. buyers and sellers require multiple rounds communication and collisions ideas. even the seller will continue communicate with the buyer the process making derivative products ensure that the unlimited white paper derivative work satisfies the seller's original vision the content the literature. cross-border transaction the broad entertainment environment has become the most important productivity the future entertainment copyright transaction. this case, both buyers and sellers are required issue real-name requirements. the system will provide matchmaking for both parties based demand from both parties. matter how many rounds are involved, soon the transaction reached, the platform needs validated and finalized. there's validation mechanism: both and meet with real identities and eventually pay money through the trading platform complete the the derivative transaction, then seen the end the transaction; the completion the transaction not achieved, the validation committee the autonomous community will required come forward and conduct verification the transaction. the result true, then the transaction closed and the trust value both parties will not affected. the result false, then shows that the two parties have conducted private transaction. since earlier the trading platform has provided unlimited white paper large number services for both parties, the commission needs come forward negotiate with both that they can move the transaction the trading platform. otherwise, the verification committee will submit the results and evidence the management department, and the management department will take vote reduce the credit both parties close their accounts consequence. after the transaction successfully done, the buyer can use the for further derived products, and hang the trading platform for future selling alleviate the pressure the capital flow. the above a~g represents the whole process trading derivative value the trading platform. the trading content includes two levels copyright protection and liquidation. next, we'll talk about level the most important level the trading platform. level good should digital collection for anyone who adores level the trading platform works the content the electricity supplier, allowing sellers make choice: unlimited white paper when both parties need only ordinary transactions derivatives, they can accomplish them with traditional currency. when both buyers and sellers need have their own securitization requirements, then ipunit must introduced. the generation ipunit: uip tokens are required work the way proceed, that say, the buyer pays for uip and the seller converts the copyright into its unique ipunit token and pays the buyer. the seller and the buyer shall negotiate the issue and distribution ipunit tokens before the transaction. each ip's ipunit unique its and not intended for general use. for example, the copyright holder batman wants distribute its film distribution rights. the buyer can carry the transaction trading uip. the batman ipunit will created during the transaction. batman ipunit set negotiation between the seller and the buyer. the batman ipunit token costs uip. the tokens shall held the buyer for least (to ensure its access). the buyer obtained batman's film and television rights through the transaction. the same time, due the internal fund needs the company, the remaining ipunit can traded the trading platform. unlimited white paper without affecting the use the right, the buyer who owns batman ipunit the trading platform can sell some fans. this batman ipunit makes deals via uip. the same time, the buyer will trade the sold batman ipunit into uip. this part uip can cashed the second market for the company's capital turnover. when the parties hold delicate balance ipunit holdings the platform (this balance will explained consensus mechanisms), the person who owns the ipunit has the right share the batman opportunity. order prevent the loss value caused abuse and joint malignant fraud, the use this opportunity requires confirmation the source holder and the autonomous community committee after voting. level the privately-owned sharing era there must part the future copyright transactions that can privately owned and the rest can partially shared. the book brief history time, the purpose the author's writing allow more people accept the enlightenment content rather than make profit. unlimited white paper future sources, authors and autonomous committees will able share sources (you can refer some the currently open copyright ip, such the "four classics"). reaching certain number people hold uip ipunit can apply for shared use. the autonomous committee the trading platform the formation the autonomous committee: the autonomous committee will voted all members the community accordance with the share held the currency; autonomous committee ruling mechanism: the members the autonomous committee will vote for transaction the platform. ip's shelving request was rejected when the members the autonomous committee held that the had plagiarism and other fraudulent practices. members the autonomous committee participating the vote will receive commission fees accordance with their contribution. members the autonomous committee who participate the voting unlimited white paper cannot participate the next election, but they have the right vote the election. ensures the concentration rights. certification mechanism asset rights this authentication node operating certification mechanism selected large number holders autonomous communities. they will carry out paid certification examination through the profitable part the trading platform. non-anonymous verification committee the main role the committee collect information verify whether the buyer and the seller have reached actual transaction when they announce they have failed for the transaction the platform certain buyers and sellers with real-name contact. actual private transaction has been reached, the non-anonymous verification committee has the authority impose sanctions the management both parties. vote for the demands the case sharing unlimited white paper when the ipunit holds party hold the equilibrium state, the autonomous committee responsible for the ability check the token-holders who proposed use the ip. governance report the trading platform provided lianyu technological co. ltd, which has been set jiangxi, ganzhou block chain finance industry department. after that, will gradually open the domestic regulatory authorities, provide real-time reporting transaction data. once the illegal trade and content found, will ask regulatory authorities come forward supervise the management both buyers and sellers. the business model the future copyright trading platform the whole business logic uip can defined three layers, that is, digital copyright right; transaction digital copyright usage rights; dissociation digital copyright ownership. digital copyright right unlimited white paper the blockchain technology has the feature being traceable, difficult tamper and other native features will make the right digital assets become very simple. the user will upload the digital file the uip system, and uip will generate the user block and calculate its hash value. uip records the root hash value the user block merkle tree into the block the anchor block chain. uip anchors the root hash value the anchor block merkle tree through the transaction broadcast the union chain. based the mechanisms, uip will minimize the cost users well ensuring that the deposit data broadcast chain alliances, make sure the data its deposit card are difficult tampered with any individual organization. unlimited white paper the traditional trading model for the future copyright trading platform the process conducting copyright transactions, provide the right traditional customers choose freely. they can choose the centralized trading method, which uses the traditional currency medium for trading assets. the same time, the future copyright trading platform intermediary, charge certain amout service fees. portion the service charge distributed uip tokens proportion uip held all users. the advantage this traditional model that ensures that traditional customers can effectively avoid transaction risks associated with uip price fluctuations. but the same time, has lost the right issue unlimited white paper ipunit the future copyright trading platform. recommend customers who are forward-looking the form future copyright and adopt new disintermediation uip asset-trading model. this trading model will discussed the following sections. the economic model for copyright transaction and dissociation the future copyright trading platform basic principles creating economic models the atomic world, the transaction assets involves the transfer the physical property and the right use the credit intermediary. the emergence block chain brings into the era quantum economy. digital copyright human's digital assets. its right ownership and right use can stripped off, and the right use can broken down indefinitely. the same time, under the distributed credit mechanism block chain, can realize the disintermediation transactions the process trading digital assets greatly reduce transaction costs. the characteristics the free division and reorganization digital assets the quantum economy coincided with the uncertainty and richness the copyright form the future. unlimited white paper with this mode, the split and free trade digital assets can cause confusion the real world, such the use copyright after the separation interests overlap may cause disputes. consequence, necessary introduce intelligent contracts over the block chain technology establish the necessary consensus enable uip's economic model operate successfully the real world. the process creating consensus mechanisms, follow the following principles: the code the law the emergence block chain and intelligent contract can help the parties the transaction run the corresponding contractual terms the internet. and ensure that once the code running, the contract started and cannot tampered with forged. privately-owned digital assets sharing usage rights block chain systems, the ownership digital assets recognized along with the creation digital assets. that say, the person who creates has the ownership. due the traceability block chain, the original author's absolute right ownership digital assets cannot unlimited white paper stripped any form. however, its right use can transferred with digital assets. the split nature digital assets makes possible share digital assets. the full principle community autonomy the autonomous community will reduce the cost centralized certification system, and give full play the strength the community protect community interests. disinter mediated transaction consensus model the future copyright trading platform the transfer usage rights: when ip's ipunit holder more than one, the use rights the comply with the following rules. all the holders the ipunit will abide this rule default. this rule implied the contract signed both parties and protected the contract law. the initial use digital assets will owned the creator the earliest deposit card, i.e. who holds the card and who owns it; unlimited white paper once the digital asset indeed the right, the digital assets the receiver need certified the autonomous committee before can traded prevent plagiarism when party holds %ipunit token, the party has the right use and fork out the ip; the right forking the interest that arises ensure that the original generates the right use the derivative ip. when party has the right use ip, may reduce the percentage its ipunit below with the consent the original author, but lose the right forking the same time. until any participant the uip market regains the ipunit, the party will acquire the right use and fork out the ip. the right use the holder the original right use shall automatically removed after one year from now. order avoid the situation that the right usage owned many parties the same time, ipunit holders need cautious trading actions and take responsibility for its consequences. the situation multi-party owners the right usage, that say, ownership exclusive but the right usage shared. unlimited white paper the uip platform considers reasonable and has practical application scenarios. party holding tokens digital asset will have the right split the asset into sub assets. however, the right must carried out under the following conditions: the creation new asset tokens must converted from part the old token. the right use the assets the representative still follows the rules this consensus; the token may destroyed the holder holds only the new assets; revert parent chain produce new chain. the premise producing new chain needs agreed upon later issued the source's intelligent contract, and the new chain can issued only after being approved. the fourth-layer assumption the trading platform: when the assets are split and one day comes some sort shared mode (neither party holds more than its assets). then either party has the opportunity use the asset. for example, reality, the use copyright the world famous works has been opened up, and anyone has the right use it. unlimited white paper the era exclusive sharing, that say, the case guaranteeing the original author's absolute ownership the ip, the usage rights are open all ipunit holders. not only protects the rights and interests the author ip, but also guarantees the threshold certain use. the same time, greatly enriched the resources that can combine. that the original author ip, itself and its holdings fully enjoy the bonus era bonus shared blockchain. order ensure the quality this continuity, the demand side needs put forward the application the trading platform, the source holders and platform community autonomous committee jointly audited. the concrete mechanism will perfected step step the construction process. when asset shared from the shared situation, absolute access granted. (for example, company holds the ipunit from less than greater than equal due continuous inhalation.) prior this, other users, made the autonomous commission, have the right use the the specified date the smart contract. unlimited white paper demonstrations business scenarios theory, the hierarchy can continuously broken into infinity. but order prevent the right not clear, such the movie concert derivatives and derivatives the original sale conflict issues. trading platform copyright split sale will still subdivided the actual situations. situation application scene (for example, not reality): unlimited white paper project economy reward mode when initiates transaction with seller and generates ipunit for the first time, certain percentage development costs will charged. and distribute the development expenses all uip holders the percentage held uip. when ipunit trades through the uip, the miners' fees will charged for each transaction. these are distributed all ipunit holders the current proportion. distribution holders uip the percentage uip held. (currently tentative, the specific proportion will measured the platform after the actual on-line trading pilot calculation, and then adjust the details.) the value uip tokens: with the increasing number ipunit the uip platform and the increasing number ipunit transactions, the total fee will increase. the uip the uip holders will change the scale unlimited white paper the platform expands. the value ipunit tokens: ipunit will anchored with the use value and investment value itself. the reward patterns available holders include: the trading platform, where every transactions occur, charged small percentage the transaction costs all the holders the currency and the workers the autonomous community committees, the rest will transferred the seller. the trading platform will receive portion the initial value the currency part the new chain development cost when each transaction generates ipunit. portion the cost will distributed all holders the currency reward, and the rest will used for technical developments and equipment expansion the platform the future, platform will also match the funds for entertainment incubation and fund construction. portion the profits generated the future will paid full the currency holder. unlimited white paper addition ensure the remaining profits will continue invest the platform, hatch and copyright procurement future. the economic benefits this batch hatching will returned all uip holders the same manner. repeatedly. the future, operators can draw lottery for their own products the platform, while the transaction platform will provide the link. all holders uip may, upon their own platforms, select region and period time for the operators perform the sweepstakes. the uip holders who have won the prize have free access the entertainment, performance art works the basis electronic vouchers. the industrial value the future copyright trading platform according pwc's year global entertainment and media industry outlook, released june revenues from the global entertainment and media industry will grow average annual rate over the next five years,from trillion and billion dollars (about trillion and billion yuan) rose trillion and billion (about trillion and billion yuan). unlimited white paper the trading platform may cut into the asset transaction section, according count, then trading platform trading transactions amounted billion million yuan. trading platform charges the transaction costs and the total handling fee will ,,. suppose that these choose generate ipunit, accordance with the collection development costs, the development costs billion million yuan. among these, are allocated the uip holders, and the uip holders will receive total handling fee rmb million thousand yuan. according the above calculation, all the uip holders will receive million thousand yuan. distribution tokens present, lianyu technology company will release billion uip the community. the entire ico project organized two ico phases, including: the first phase, ico will distribute tokens for private and regular public offerings members; unlimited white paper the second phase ico will the trading platform after the line, the specific time will announced advance. irregularly and irrationally scheduled market throw will placed based specific market conditions make every efforts ensure the interests holders uip. will used the promotion fund for community; will used members, with two-year lockout period: the first half will thawed for the first year, and the second will thawed for the next year. the same time, the team reserves the right continue freeze tokens the end the lockout period. proportions fund spending after the success ico, will allocate the funds for the aspects follows. for the specific financial expenses, will show quarterly financial statements the future. unlimited white paper total: about are used for platform infrastructure, technical building, administrative facilities and employee recruitment; about for high quality copyright purchases, financing and financial support for the quality and content hatching cross ip, expand trading contents, increase market depth; about used invest and support the relevant blockchain entertainment industry team form business technology alliances; about special funds for future copyright incubator fund construction; about for market publicity, resource expansion; about legal support for domestic and transnational transactions; about for advanced technology development and product upgrades; about for the service expenditure formerly used the autonomous community. the above proportion calculated the team through rigorous calculations for the proportion fund distribution. the end the ico, the future copyright uip will modified the proportion fund spending accordance with specific situations, and public notice all currency holders will issued promptly for any changes made. unlimited white paper compliance and information disclosure uip projects will strictly comply with relevant state policies, laws and regulations, and actively embrace the government's relevant supervision. lianyu technological corporation, which the founder uip, will reach national and local government authorized block chain industrial park landing and strictly follow related requirement relevant supervision. will strive build uip model demonstration project for the domestic block chain industry. detailed methods are follows: the ico phase, investors are fully aware the risks involved the project. the project has the right refuse accept those investments who without the ability identify risks take risks. disclose information about the project the local government where the principal company founded, including the white paper, team members, business model, fund use plan, project characteristics, development objectives, development strategy, risk assessment, ico plans and on. unlimited white paper achieve positive understanding the global ico related laws and regulations, promote the regulatory development process ico. order effectively protect the legitimate rights and interests investors, after the success ico, uip team will disclose the use funds and significant progress regularly protect the legitimate rights and interests investors. information disclosure plan: the funds raised uip will earmarked for uip related research and development, market development and ecological construction will disclose quarterly usage and earnings uip funds (if any) quarterly disclosure research development progress, operation progress and future work plan will disclose any time about major research development and operational results promotions and visual design unlimited white paper with respect for the results each team member's work, this section focuses the visual and promotional support the project. want ensure that every detail perfect besides business logic and technology development. logo design ip, intellectual property, fact, should really abbreviated ipr, which stands for intellectual property rights. only the creation mind, including music, literature and other works art, discoveries and inventions, and all the words, phrases, symbols, and designs devoted the author's mind, "intellectual property" endowed law with exclusive rights what are familiar with "ip". the creation mysterious force, and some great creators feel that god who created his own hand. and where god? where does this mysterious power come from? one can say clearly, because the vastness the universe, the insignificance human beings. but unlimited white paper undeniable that those who seem through the stars, through the shackles time and space, shuttling the truth and art the "little human", created countless miracles, which light the world like lighthouse. meanwhile, the process the development human civilization, mankind increasingly aware that have been creating and beautifying our lives with our own wisdom, and promote the continuous progress society. while the human civilization beautifying the society, the works art made turn feeds back themselves. such basis, believe that uip's logo design principles should the logo needs show that human beings are both maternal and intellectual and need have strong human attributes. unlimited white paper unlimited white paper this logo has several meanings: unlimited white paper the first the cerebral cortex, figure for the ongoing transmission wisdom; the second are eyes, cochlea, fingerprint, which represent the process artistic creation visual, auditory and tactile; the third the worship towards human reproduction. graphics are like womb, pregnant with anything that can transmitted intelligence. the other hand, shows the trading platform the mother ip. this idea combines the concept the alien design. unlimited white paper the origin this special monster set combined organism sex, reproduction and death. based the prometheus setting greek mythology, greek mythology, man was created the prophet prometheus the titans. taught human knowledge, and even stole fire for mankind, became sinner. plo michel sri, man was the offspring giant who was executed. man the sinner beyond their grand cosmic plans; the earth should not have such highly intelligent race, who even have the same genes the mastermind. consequence, they should wiped out. unlimited white paper fundamentally speaking, human beings are creatures advanced intelligence. the collection products represents collection human intellectual achievements. video shooting and post production for video shooting, the early stages have carried out various consultations and shooting program with many entertainment industry directors and stars. have also shooted with three video teams the united states, china and japan and cooperated with the best animators china present the most interesting and clearest way the future values behind entertainment trading platform about block and chain technologies, using motion graphic together with narration. promotion resources present, the team has wealth national promotional resources. through "strong advertising public relations fine packaging strong virus multi interaction wide difference industry joint brand" scene marketing matrix, and based national policies, carry out unlimited white paper appropriate promotion and marketing for our ico progress and block chain project. among them, the list media promotion resources include: tencent quality media resource matrix: qq, wechat, tencent news, tencent, tencent, aio, pop daily newsletter, tencent video, tencent music, space, tencent, micro-blog, financial pay through, micro loans, tencent administration and on. tencent: media news recommendation tencent entertainment: column daily express: accurate push users tencent video: column production space: tribal space tencent video: movies, concerts live tencent music: concert, digital record, online release tencent video, tencent music (digital record) tencent dacheng network tencent, big chu, tencent, tencent network hunan chongqing net, tencent henan network, tencent, tencent jiangsu guangdong net net, tencent, tencent (jing jinji) net yan min net, net, tencent, tencent, tencent daliaohe dashen network network, tencent zhejiang network etc. unlimited white paper the following resources are also included: the website the four mainstream major portals, financial, financial, entertainment, science and technology, public, local, regional, enterprise, brand and other vertical sites put vertical resources; double micro kol alliance, internet, entertainment movies, information, emotion, sports, science and technology, automobile, finance, games, management, lifestyle, health care category, business class, maternal and child class, mobile phone digital hardware, literature, education, real estate class, tourist class, furniture and other micro media alliance resources circle friends kol high quality friends, super personal circle friends, kol resources online alliance today's headlines platform, taobao daren league, micro community alliance, media alliance, know almost, penguin number alliance news client all kinds news client (such tencent news, sohu news, netease news, etc.) topics, soft wen, advertising, information flow and other promotional resources dsp program major dsp program purchase and put resources unlimited white paper video platform patches, focus maps, feature pages and other advertising resources the most important traditional media the country, such television, radio, newspapers, magazines, subways, buses, buildings, communities, airports and high-speed railways, and on. leisure places ktv, nightclubs, bars, restaurants, shopping streets and other places leisure entertainment. launch resources the screens. unlimited white paper reference sheng chao ip-hu lian wang xin chong fang lun [z]. bei jing shi zhao yang hui xin dong qiao jia zhong xin chu ban tuan zhu zhi wen node.js kuai lian kai bei jing shi bai zhuang jie :ji jie gong chu ban she yang dong wen cheng gong lian wang +jin rong =zhong chou jin rong .bei jing shi dong cheng long jie ren min chu ban she *ming tuo jin yuan ,nan hai chu ban gong fang lin jiao xun -hu lian wang chuang mian [m]. bei jing shi cheng bai zhuang jie :teng xun pin dao shan you dian shi chuang xin -yi dong lian wang shi dai sheng cun [m]. bei jing shi bai zhuang jie :ji jie gong chu ban she jin cuo dao bao pin zhan lue bei jing cheng wai jie :bei jing lian chu ban gong [ri ]da dao xiang /zhu ,wang jing /yi mai ken gong zuo bei jing shi zhao yang hui xin dong qiao jia :zhong xin chu ban tuan yang zhu bian zhong guo lian wang chan zhan nian jian bei jing shi dong cheng dong shi tiao :dong fang chu ban she wang shi ying .yin bao ip:ying you man wen chao zao zhi dao .bei jing shi feng tai cheng shou :ren min you dian chu ban she nan xin ,qu lin .xin nei rong chuang bei jing shi bai zhuang jie :ji jie gong chu ban she unlimited white paper global entertainment and media outlook: https://www.pwccn.com/en/industries/telecommunications-media-andtechnology/global-entertainment-and-media-outlook--.html wang kuai lian zuo cun zheng yuan fang shi https://www.leiphone.com/news//wdflrcjybihk.html vitalik buterin, merkling-in-ethereum, http://blog.ethereum.org////merkling-in-ethereum []the dao ying fen cha hou fen xin jiu lian fang shi https://blog.ethereum.org////onward_from_the_hard_fork/ han feng liang que ding xing dao kuai lian suan gong shi http://www.sohu.com/a/_ []zou jun ,zhang hai zhu ,tang ,li lei kuai lian zhu zhi nan jie gong chu ban she []chang jia ,han feng kuai lian :cong shu huo dao xin yong she hui zhong xin chu ban she unlimited white paper disclaimer this disclaimer does not provide security bids, nor take burden risks relevant uip. uip will build complete kyc and aml systems, well data interface. the basis building kyc and aml systems, the users uip, including individuals and corporate enterprises, shall real-name certification the certification authority (ca) authorized government before they formally participate transaction. when the users initiate transactions, they can make their deals anonymously out privacy protection and other reasons; however, disputes take place, uip will have the right hand over relative materials supervision department and judicial department. uip will not responsible for the users' personal trading behaviors. unlimited white paper uip not the original money with general functions paying and pricing, but introducing legal money like rmb means gateway. uip itself not kind digital currency, but blockchain agreement. therefore, has legal dispute relation currency, and not some virtual currency mentioned the notice preventing the risk bitcoin presented five ministries. can used cooperate with banks and payment institutions. stock registration blockchain goes with electronic signature companies with real-name certification. the transference and transaction equity shall signed the transferor, the transferee and the company. before the participation signing, the company obligated guarantee that the transference and transaction equity accordance with the regulations under the company law, namely the company requires the content least half the original stockholders." "the original stockholders shall have the pre-emptive right." "the number stockholders shall limited." uip has measurement system the value goods, not virtual currency. unlimited white paper trading unit coins herein are the category "exchange goods". uip cannot used any security markets conducting bargains like ipo, and does not support leverage. both uip and ipunit are not necessarily appreciated. every transaction takes risks, due market supply and demand, uip and some ipunit would fluctuate some time. this part value does not belong application value, and cannot ensure that uip will definitely appreciated. not comply with the type "appreciating" virtual currency recommended some investment institutions either. the essence purchase and transaction uip disintermediation. hope the transactions uip will directly the buyers and the sellers. not recommend any person group hand over their property our platform for transaction and trusteeship order avoid studying. the uip developing team will not responsible for any losses caused property fraud. unlimited white paper transactions the uip platform are all free charge before completion. any entertainment transactions related uip will not charged with commission fees until they are successfully done. any ipunit the future copyright trading platform will not issued any other platforms. any ipunit generated from transaction will dealt only our inner trading platform, which means will not issued any other platforms. buyers should cautious choose the purchase platform. apart from this point, other sites platforms that you choose buy uip may fake. such case, the uip team will not responsible for any losses caused that. uip not the certification ownership, nor has the right control. having uip will allow you enter into autonomy community and work for the well-ordered development the trading platform voting, but unlimited white paper how many few uip you have does not mean you can take control the entire uip operation team. this team only obliged the construction the bottom the trading platform, trading depth and introduction. having uip does not have the decision right the future development the uip team. the risk for competition industry the fact that competing goods going listed leads the risk getting the uip market value reduced not secluded. for the sake avoiding its happening lowering the odds, the uip team doing their best contact numerous large producers join our trading platform. this will increase the depth the trading market. with the key lost, uip will lost. every uip account has key address. please take good care it; otherwise some people will face the loss their digital property because their loss the address. unlimited white paper the risk force majeure uip developed the basis the union chain from tai network, any problems concerning tai network, any technological barriers, breakdowns and other unexpected disturbances brought the sharing passports will possibly cause the value fluctuation uip. regulatory risks from state policy the uip team will active contact with the national regulatory authorities, and also join the ico self-discipline organization. the surveillance from state policy herein will voluntarily open and transparent the public. besides, the team will abide relevant national regulations create clean market. invasions hackers other unpredictable people organizations the opacity the application prospect the blockchain market the present time, large number blockchain enterprises are undertaking researches and developments relevant technologies, but unlimited white paper the future application about the blackchain technology, possible layoffs intermediaries caused thereby, and unstable social factors are all needed considered buyers. unlimited white paper last words let's imagine scenario that will possibly happen several decades: there will chip similar paypal alipay implanted your wearable device. when you work, will automatically swiped take buses undergrounds. when you have breakfast, will automatically pay for it. every month your company will make use the hash algorithm anchor-quantify your work and pay your salary into your wearable device based the fixed account. you make friends and interview job candidates interesting platform, even pay out some fee for your child treat his congenital disease. through the screening process, you can even vote for the contestants you like. and all these can achieved anonymous and privacy-protected way. this the great revolution that the blockchain technology brings humanity. will have the word "media" redefined. the latest ico market has seen that many people are preparation for all the scenarios mentioned above. for the creative market, when unlimited white paper two different persons draw piece artistic work with the content having been designated during the same time, one can sold unexpectedly high price, while the other can worthless. immeasurable art value, the behind can exert integrated influence due multiple dimensions including its creativity, value resource, trading frequency and grouping effect. this kind influence that determines the social value its creations certain amount time. are truly creating industry ecosystem. everyone can come with innovative idea, because are not the team that takes technology priority. there are many good ideas that you and others are putting into practice the same time: others set out with the behavioral layout ("announce first"), while you with the resource layout ("do well first"). however, making the resource layout requires cost, time, understanding and the ability react. this why say "more preparations make may quicken the speed doing work." the real advantage this ecosystem that, when the investors begin treat each team with rational attitude, realizing everything the unlimited white paper internet will eventually into the internet things; when the cost hiring intermediaries becomes lower and lower; when ico begins hit the ice spot and those obsession with playing coins are scattered, the market will screen out group rational people who have passion science and technology. only with the gathering their power can they truly change the world. uip team