upfiring whitepaper december st, draft version ... (c) upfiring www.upfiring.com support@upfiring.com (c) upfiring affiliate company. all rights reserved. trademarks upfiring, upfiring tokens (ufr), and all associated logos are registered trademarks upfiring. all other trademarks registered trademarks are the property their respective owners. disclaimer the information provided this document provided "as is" without warranty any kind. upfiring disclaims all warranties, either express implied, including the warranties merchantability and fitness for particular purpose. event shall upfiring liable for any damages whatsoever including direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, loss business profits special damages, even upfiring its suppliers have been advised the possibility such damages. this preliminary draft. the ideas and specifications proposed this draft may considered highly conceptual, and are subject significant revision change based further discussions with partners, advisors and the upfiring community. document lifetime upfiring may occasionally update online documentation the company and app change over time, and between releases the related software. consequently, this document was not obtained recently, may not contain the most up-to-date information. please refer www.upfiring.com for the most current information. product information documentation, release notes, software updates, and information about upfiring products, licensing, and service, will able found the upfiring website: http://www.upfiring.com technical support available soon the app launches. your comments your suggestions will help continue improve the accuracy, organization, and overall quality the user publications. please send your opinion this document to: tyler@upfiring.com you have issues, comments, questions about specific information procedures, please include the title and, available, the part number, the revision, the page numbers, and any other details that will help locate the subject that you are addressing. upfiring version ... whitepaper www.upfiring.com table contents introduction ............................................................................................................ upfiring network ............................................................................................. the application....................................................................................................... the upfiring foundation ....................................................................................... examples and illustrations ................................................................................... summary .............................................................................................................. references ........................................................................................................... resources ............................................................................................................ (c) upfiring all rights reserved. page upfiring version ... introduction abstract technical whitepaper www.upfiring.com upfiring peer-to-peer (pp) distributed file-transferring platform designed its core enhance the way files are shared between users. decentralizing the file-sharing process, upfiring completely removes the middleman and allows users directly exchange information via the blockchain network. upfiring utilizes the ethereum ecosystem its primary platform for transaction-processing []. encrypting communications the blockchain and allowing nodes communicate directly, upfiring can function fully-decentralized exchange for files and value transactions allowing users download seed their own files will. distributed networks are able collaborate trustless manner without single point failure []. addition, smart contracts regulate all transactions overseeing the encryption files, verifying proof-of-ownership, and guaranteeing seamless transfer value. the use smart contracts allows for the objective management transactions without requiring authoritative supervision. the emergence these technologies have reflected much greater attitude shift towards the use the internet the growing preference for decentralized, trustless applications over centralized, third-party-controlled services. this paper seeks provide overview the upfiring protocol and explain its underlying technology and functionality detail. will break down the application's key components, compare existing non-blockchain file-sharing applications, and explain how upfiring's unique approach decentralized, contract-driven incentivization seeks transform the blockchain file-sharing space. (c) upfiring all rights reserved. page upfiring version ... whitepaper www.upfiring.com upfiring network upfiring emphasizes connecting and communicating means creating value. new way envision file-sharing what you could bring everyday file-sharing the worldwide free market and allow users freely exchange files decentralized marketplace? this was the idea that set upfiring into action early the file-sharing industry has long been victim shutdowns, government interference, and strict regulations stemming from centralization. depicts fully decentralized architecture removing the central server and allowing nodes the network communicate directly without outside interference, upfiring aims revolutionize the way the world thinks about file-sharing. disrupting this market multibillion-dollar venture. the long-term, upfiring aims become the leading file-sharing platform for users around the world. the (c) upfiring all rights reserved. page upfiring version ... technical whitepaper www.upfiring.com network utilizes redundancy and breaks files into fragments that are distributed across the network, further strengthening security []. upfiring tokens brief overview upfiring (ufr) tokens are the core upfiring's incentivization protocol. users can "spend" ufr exchange for files being offered other users the network. accumulate ufr, users can share files with the network (seeding) and rewarded with ufr each time their file downloaded. ufr can also acquired numerous cryptocurrency exchanges the web, and will directly exchangeable for ethereum. uses cases early versions upfiring will support the sharing "safe" file types (.doc, .pdf, .wav), .torrent extensions, and magnet links. plan expand support for other types over time. some use case examples include university students sharing large documents with one another without the file-size limitations services like dropbox, artists sharing their own music, writers sharing their work, and programmers releasing applications/browser extensions. each these cases, users will proactively accumulate ufr tokens reward for using the network. because the community full control the platform, the possibilities for growth are endless. incentivization file-sharing and seeding protocols perhaps one the greatest solutions that upfiring offers the current state file-sharing the incentive seed files. traditional torrent and file-sharing programs offer incentive seed files after download completed, often resulting long download times for users the complete inability download files altogether []. tokenizing this aspect the file-sharing protocol, users can download huge amounts information from the network very little cost, while providing passive rewards those who choose seed and share their files with the network. decentralization core-component file-sharing our strong belief that file-sharing should decentralized and utilize blockchain technology for maximum security. traditional file-sharing protocols are vulnerable breaches security and shutdowns that will non-issues for upfiring users []. because the network will (c) upfiring all rights reserved. page upfiring version ... whitepaper www.upfiring.com decentralized and run the ethereum blockchain, there central point failure making the network extremely resilient and reliable []. (c) upfiring all rights reserved. page upfiring version ... technical whitepaper www.upfiring.com the application features upfiring will employ several technologies create successful peer-to-peer system: block exchanges allows for peers trustlessly distribute pieces files each other. this technology can track the availability file pieces and order them efficiently. node identities nodes will identified node_id, which will cryptographically hashed create public-key. nodes first exchange public keys initial contact. network upfiring uses hash checksum check the integrity messages, and can provide reliability through utp (ledbat) sctp smart contracts ufr distributed ledger upon successful completion the proofof-transfer protocol, ufr tokens are sent from the downloaders ufr wallet the seeders wallet across the blockchain. proof-of-storage and proof-of-transfer proof-of-storage (also known proof-of-space) protocols are periodically run check for changes the network and authenticate seeded files. proof-of-transfer protocols consist several smaller methods that run during each step the file-transferring process ensure that transactions are completed their entirety []. both proof-of-storage and proof-of-transfer results are published the blockchain and all transactions will verifiable, ensuring that ufr tokens are transferred appropriately []. roadmap date release june idea, planning, inception, concept development december concept validation april upfiring project revealed (c) upfiring all rights reserved. page upfiring version ... whitepaper www.upfiring.com may initial website launch june whitepaper released october ufr contribution period v... heavy dapp development, smart contract development, and testing upfiring beta dapp release rinkeby testnet upfiring beta dapp release ethereum mainnet upfiring full application v.. release ethereum mainnet new website launched catered specifically the dapp upfiring usage guides and documentation released onwards* application upgrades further releases, community growth *new roadmap will released upon upfiring application v.. full release with more detailed future plan for upgrades, feature enhancements, and project goals (c) upfiring all rights reserved. page upfiring version ... the upfiring foundation upfiring tokens (ufr) smart tokens technical whitepaper www.upfiring.com upfiring tokens are for sole use the upfiring network. users should not buy upfiring tokens with the expectation profit. upfiring tokens (ufr) are erc-standardized and eip--standardized tokens used power movement network. users can earn ufr tokens seeding files and renting their disk space the network for any period time. ufr crowdsale objectives the purpose the ufr crowdsale distribute ufr tokens the market. seek obtain the necessary funding drive the continuous development the application well maintain standard business functions. contributing the crowdsale, contributors are procuring coins that can used our network and should not doing with expectation profit. coin value may change any time based naturally assessed market value and has intrinsic worth besides its use the upfiring network. contribution period v.. statistics dates: october est) october est) exchange rate: ufr: eth (~$. cents throughout the contribution period) recommended gas limit can send ether directly the smart contract allow days from the time the contribution period ends receive ufr tokens your ethereum address. please sure send ether from wallet and not coinbase exchange ethers were generated from contract contributions. all transactions can viewed etherscan. btc, eth, and ltc contributions were accepted briefly the start the crowdsale, sent directly our addresses instead the contract. during this time, btc, eth, and ltc were raised and ufr tokens were generated and sent contributors the contract. ,,. ufr was generated total between eth smart contract, btc, eth, ltc, and bounty campaign contributions. bounty campaign ufr will generated the week following the crowdsale. after the bounty campaign concludes, the contract will finalized. ufr cannot transferred between addresses until this time. (c) upfiring all rights reserved. page upfiring version ... whitepaper www.upfiring.com million ufr was generated reserve. this ufr will not circulation when trading goes live. because the hard cap was not reached, large portion this ufr will burned order scale down the total supply. addition, the total ufr held team members and developers will scaled down the new total supply. additional statistics ufr tokens burn event token burn took place november th, following completion the contribution period burn excess ufr. the circulating supply was reduced ufr. million ufr distributed contribution period v... million ufr reserved for potential in-app purchasing tokens (later application versions) million ufr reserved for potential contribution period v.** million ufr reserved for founders (released upon initial application launch) one additional contribution period may hosted. this will only occur after the deployment key application milestones and the event that additional funding necessary complete the project **contribution period v.. has been ruled out. the ufr initially designated for this purpose will used help facilitate and fund new exchange listings (if necessary). the remaining the ufr will stored reserve until more detailed plan created for its use. may used help facilitate partnerships with existing networks and communities after release the application. adaptation development account for funds raised the contribution period raised enough funding continue forward with development. due the amount raised, several modifications have been (and will continue need be) made order ensure the successful development the application and project. major update the development plan the removal the ios and android applications from the roadmap. the main focus development will the desktop application, which will function windows, macos, and linux environments. mobile application may still developed later date, but will not available upon initial application release. addition, and when necessary, some work may need outsourced well. (c) upfiring all rights reserved. page upfiring version ... technical whitepaper www.upfiring.com examples and illustrations main focus upfiring will ease use for the end-user. many blockchain applications are incredibly complicated set and get running want upfiring work right out the box for everyone, any device. upfiring vs. traditional file-sharing services upfiring will share and support many the common features modern-day file-sharing applications, including seeding, searching, downloading, ratings, and peer evaluation. however, upfiring offers several inherent features that make the application more powerful than that major competitors. through tokenized exchanges, peer and file-ratings, extensive spam filters, and encryption, file-transfers will both easier carry out and far safer for the average user. rather than paying subscription fee "purchasing" files, ufr tokens are simply sent the network gas power file-transfers, which then initiates the movement the files amongst nodes. upon completion the transfer, the seeder then credited with the majority these tokens. network reputation rating system* decentralized application, rating system necessary establish trust between clients and hosts. the rating system for both files and users will also improve the quality transactions the network. after receiving file, users will able submit optional, public trust rating and feedback for the user and the file that will visible all other users. this will help keep the network free any unwanted untrustworthy activity. secondlayer defense, algorithms detect and test potentially malicious files will employed mark these types files with the appropriate warning. *the rating system may not available upon the initial release the application, and may added future releases. security encryption wraps the file securely throughout the entire transfer process across the network, keeping its contents safe until reassembled and unlocked its final destination node. such, all aspects the file will completely unreadable (including contents like the file name and description) anyone not directly involved the transaction between the seeder and downloader []. this protocol protects the integrity and anonymity the upfiring network (c) upfiring all rights reserved. page upfiring version ... whitepaper www.upfiring.com whole and allows for movement completely decentralized and unregulated any thirdparties. integration compatibility the upfiring desktop application will available for windows, macos and linux operating systems with full functionality. ethereum development continues, may extend two-way compatibility private sidechain the blockchain []. file smart contracts two types contracts will distributed across the network contract facilitate the movement files between peers, and another manage the exchange ufr. each file employs merkle root hash breaking down the file into segments (of constant size) and forming merkle tree. file smart contracts store file size information that can used determine the ufr price, among other variables, between the seeder and their client. transaction smart contracts will explicitly specify payout parameters and facilitate the exchange ufr tokens. development progresses, plan support customizable communitydriven smart contracts allow users create and adjust parameters themselves, and provide their own post, get, put, and delete methods []. (c) upfiring all rights reserved. page upfiring version ... technical whitepaper www.upfiring.com summary upfiring innovative upgrade modern-day file-sharing technologies and seeks revolutionize the industry. firmly believe that file-sharing should decentralized and incentivized, and that the adoption blockchain and cryptocurrency for these purposes provides huge potential for future growth. incentivizing the file-sharing process will allow our network grow exponential pace and ensure competitive decentralized marketplace established. the use smart contracts will allow transactions verified and recorded the public blockchain that any disputes can solved easily within the upfiring community. believe upfiring will the pioneer incentivized blockchain file-sharing and are enthusiastic about establishing this platform trustless environment. (c) upfiring all rights reserved. page upfiring version ... whitepaper www.upfiring.com references howard, kazar, menees, nichols, satyanarayanan, sidebotham, and west. scale and performance distributed file system. acm transactions computer systems (tocs), ():-, cohen. incentives build robustness bittorrent. workshop economics peerto-peer systems, volume pages mazieres and kaashoek. self-certifying file system. juan benet. ipfs content addressed, versioned, file system. baumgart and mies. s/kademlia: practicable approach towards secure keybased routing. parallel and distributed systems, international conference on, volume pages ieee, ari juels and burton kaliski jr. pors: proofs retrievability for large files. proceedings the acm conference computer and communications security, pages acm, r.c. merkle, protocols for public key cryptosystems, proc. symposium security and privacy, ieee computer society, pages april hovav shacham and brent waters. compact proofs retrievability. international conference the theory and application cryptology and information security, pages springer, adam back, matt corallo, luke dashjr, mark friedenbach, gregory maxwell, andrew miller, andrew peolstra, jorge timon, pieter wuille, enabling blockchain innovations with pegged sidechains. janne, author supervisor, julkunen ylianttila, mika. feasibility convergent and web service architecture, vitalik buterin. ethereum april url https://ethereum.org/. (c) upfiring all rights reserved. page upfiring version ... technical whitepaper www.upfiring.com resources connect with facebook @upfiring twitter @upfiringhq address email: support@upfiring.com website: https://www.upfiring.com this document defines the white paper used for upfiring projects. (c) upfiring all rights reserved. page