(up) token sale whitepaper brought you the company that aims put crypto atm every corner" sale starts october designed coinme, inc. and j.r. willett, inventor the token sale copyright (c) up, global ltd. executive summary introduction coinme coinme, inc. ("coinme") venture-backed crypto financial services and blockchain technology company. launched early seattle, wa, coinme was the first licensed bitcoin atm operator the united states. since then, coinme has grown significantly across the western united states. addition operating network crypto atms, coinme has become vertically integrated provider digital wallets and online digital currency exchange--which provide customers the opportunity join the crypto financial revolution. fully vertically integrated company, coinme offers seamless user experience our customers. manage all aspects the operation including kiosk hardware and software, state and federal licensing, regulatory compliance, real estate acquisition, cash logistics, and customer service. this gives coinme the flexibility provide our customers with instant, on-the-spot fiat-to-crypto and crypto-to-fiat experience. our atms eliminate the uncertainty, the technical difficulty, and the lengthy waiting period that online exchanges frequently impose users. today, coinme's crypto atms provide customers with effortless financial transaction experience that eliminates the barriers crypto-adoption for non-technical users. our long-term vision includes bringing modern access financial services the billions people who don't have access traditional banking services. coinme and the crypto community believe that providing globally ubiquitous access crypto atms has the potential transform the world. from the developed developing countries, coinme coinme and the crypto community believe that providing globally ubiquitous access crypto atms has the potential transform the world. firmly believes and espouses its tenet: "in crypto world, all communities can rise up." order accelerate coinme's vision providing ubiquitous access crypto atms, would like introduce new crypto-asset, "uptoken." the purpose this whitepaper discuss how uptoken's architecture plays integral role building global network crypto atms. copyright (c) up, global ltd. executive summary crypto atm market the amount cryptocurrency the markets today currently exceeds billion value. while crypto atms offer the simplest and most direct portal for consumers who want instantly buy and sell cryptocurrencies, there are less than crypto atms deployed worldwide today. based these figures and given the need for geographic accessibility, coinme believes that there considerable potential for the increased ability use crypto atms across the globe. furthermore, when compared the over million traditional atms currently deployed worldwide, coinme sees the appetite for and usefulness the new technology embedded the newly invented uptoken for crypto atms significant and timely. the cryptocurrency market cap currently exceeds billion value. the product coinme believes the widespread international growth crypto atms significant step towards providing portal between government-issued fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies, enabling global access innovation within the financial sector. synch with this goal, are launching new crypto-asset, "uptoken" (symbol: up). uptoken will provide the following benefits holders: discount atm transaction fees when transaction fees are paid using uptoken; customer rewards program that returns individual's total atm transaction amount back them the form uptoken, much like cashback, other similar rewards programs other product markets; and customer voting protocol for having community voice new cryptocurrencies customer interested having added the atm platform. copyright (c) up, global ltd. crypto atms: the infrastructure the future copyright (c) up, global ltd. crypto atms: the financial infrastructure the future worldwide access cryptocurrencies global network crypto atms can significantly help spread the adoption cryptocurrencies because the atms can provide easy access secure, physical portals for buying, selling, and transmitting cryptocurrencies. believe that global crypto atms could also pave the way for unbanked and underbanked consumers access financial services fragile economies and emerging markets. similar how developing counties leapfrogged landline technology with cellphone towers and smartphones, coinme believes underserved financial segments developing countries have the potential leapfrog the absence traditional banking institutions choosing use crypto atm and digital wallet the gateway participate financial transactions. the coinme difference since its inception early coinme has adopted conservative approach focusing exclusively providing safe and secure crypto atm services washington state. over the years, have become fully vertically integrated, managing all aspects the operation including kiosk hardware and software, state and federal licensing, regulatory compliance, real estate acquisition, cash logistics, and customer service. worldwide access global network crypto atms can significantly help spread the adoption cryptocurrencies because they provide easy access secure, physical portals for buying, selling and transmitting crypto assets. coinme not plug-and-play atm operator; our engineers write all aspects the software code, from the atm firmware the coinme web wallet. through the investment significant time and capital research and development, coinme has developed what believes superior user experience. for example, when customer buys bitcoin coinme atm, the customer's funds are deposited into hosted coinme wallet; coinme's service eliminates any need for paper wallets thirdparty wallet applications, which can confusing for new crypto users understand and adopt. coinme has found its crypto atms popular, and they continue grow popularity. presently, coinme atms are averaging almost monthly transaction volume per atm. coinme's vertically integrated crypto atm platform has been validated thousands customers and now ready launched other markets around the globe. copyright (c) up, global ltd. crypto atms: the financial infrastructure the future average monthly transaction volume per atm contextual notes the above graph: the chart for illustrative purposes only and solely intended show that crypto atms have apparently been seen useful communities where they have been installed. this suggests that there may appetite for the use crypto atms globally. think this also suggests that the uptoken may immediately useful token holders both our established and new crypto atm locations, both the united states and abroad. the periodic downward trends are largely due the onboarding new customers for recently deployed atms. there lag between deployment and customer adoption that temporarily lowers the average monthly transaction volume per atm. similarly, may expected that downward lags will accompany the deployment new crypto atms new jurisdictions that have developing economies and limited financial resources. coinme's crypto atms are currently buy/sell bitcoin for cash only. coinme currently considering adding other cryptocurrencies and payment methods (e.g., debit/credit card, apple pay, etc.), well potentially local payment methods developing countries and other jurisdictions, which, together with the economic status the jurisdiction and nature consumer interest, may affect monthly transaction volumes. copyright (c) up, global ltd. crypto atms: the financial infrastructure the future how uptoken fits with the customer-focused mission coinme and its crypto atms coinme's customers have high standards, and coinme wishes meet the expectations its customer base. that end, coinme plans continue acquire new hardware, develop software support new cryptocurrencies, integrate additional payment methods, and maintain the infrastructure, operational management, regulatory compliance, state and federal licensing, and other business-related activities that coinme's customers have come expect. coinme plans have broader network crypto atms located across the united states, with international deployments planned begin the middle later. although coinme may also enter other lines business, its current focus crypto atms and its customers. the uptoken natural outgrowth the customer-focused mission. one more way make crypto atm useful customers, and part coinme's recent and planned expansion its suite products and services, coinme sees its new uptoken product potentially attractive fit for its atm users. deployment early october coinme will have network crypto atms located throughout the western united states. coinme also intends expand its product offerings. the coming months, coinme plans add cryptocurrencies other than bitcoin sell and purchase from its crypto atms, well add additional payment methods. coinme hopes that its customers can soon travel far and wide and find not only the convenience our crypto atms hand, but able use uptoken more fully enjoy the experience being valued customer. copyright (c) up, global ltd. crypto atms: the financial infrastructure the future coinme plans hold uptoken coinme plans hold all uptoken created this address: xdefaddefbfbb (the "coinme uptoken vault"). coinme does not intend sell any its uptoken the coinme uptoken vault until has deployed least crypto atms. that point, coinme anticipates that its expanded customer base may wish for more uptoken made available. during any one month, coinme will not sell uptoken worth more than the uptoken distributed loyalty rewards the network the previous calendar month. illustrate, coinme's atms distribute the equivalent usd worth uptoken rewards atm customers january, february, coinme will sell more than the equivalent usd $m) worth uptoken. ongoing communication keep touch with its customer base, coinme plans publish regular communications the uptoken website (www.uptoken.org) describing ongoing company activities, new atm deployments where uptoken may used, and overview future initiatives. coinme will also publish the locations our crypto atms and solicit feedback potential future atm locations. furthermore, executive members the coinme team will available for ongoing communication with uptoken holders who have questions, comments, and ideas about improving their customer experience that they would otherwise like share with the company. copyright (c) up, global ltd. uptoken: benefits coinme customers and uptoken holders copyright (c) up, global ltd. uptoken: benefits coinme customers and token holders discounted atm transaction fees customers will receive discount atm transaction fees they choose use their uptoken pay the transaction fee. for example, customer purchases bitcoin from coinme atm and the atm transaction fee the customer could choose pay the fee from their coinme uptoken wallet, which would reduce the transaction fee .%. coinme intends that customers will eligible for the uptoken transaction fee discount immediately upon the purchase uptoken. discount uptoken customer rewards program each time customer uses coinme crypto atm, coinme will automatically deposit uptoken into the customer's coinme wallet equal their atm transaction amount part coinme's customer rewards program*, even the customer elects not use their uptoken pay the transaction fee. coinme may give customers uptoken from the coinme uptoken vault or, decides its discretion, coinme uptoken wallet which coinme can replenish needed basis purchasing uptoken. immediately upon receipt, customers will able use their rewarded uptoken towards transaction fees. customers will receive discount atm transaction fees they opt use their uptokens pay the transaction fee. customers would like purchase additional uptoken, they will able any coinme atm once coinme finishes its uptoken software integration. customers will also able sell their uptoken any the coinme atms for fiat currency under our atms' ordinary terms. addition the rewards benefit, coinme may also reward customers with uptoken for use the atm network and other services. *the following terms will apply uptoken customer rewards program: any uptoken received through the rewards program will not eligible for transferring out the customer's coinme uptoken wallet until the customer has accumulated minimum total atm transaction volume, which point the uptoken wallet will "unlocked," the reward will not provided for transactions involving purchasing and selling uptoken; only transactions buying and selling nonuptoken cryptocurrencies will provided the reward, and the future coinme reduces transaction fees less than the atm transaction amount (e.g., due economies scale and efficiency improvements), the reward amount awarded through the customer rewards program benefit will not exceed the total transaction fee. copyright (c) up, global ltd. uptoken: benefits coinme customers and token holders use uptoken suggest which cryptocurrencies coinme should support over time, coinme plans add new cryptocurrencies the atm network. while impossible know what the trending new cryptocurrency will any particular point the future, coinme plans ready support its customers' wishes, and plans hold uptoken vote for the opportunity decide what cryptocurrency add. uptoken votes for new cryptocurrencies will allow our customers and coin enthusiasts have their voice heard deciding which coins, and from which coin inventors and technologists, might become available the crypto atm network. coinme plans ensure that, our customer preferences evolve, our cryptocurrency offerings will evolve well. uptoken votes may structured several ways, but the current plan set uptoken address for each candidate cryptocurrency. for example, there could address for bitcoin cash, another for litecoin, etc. coinme plans that anyone holding uptoken will able send uptoken those addresses recommend adoption their desired candidate cryptocurrency. when the election period over, coinme will take account its customers' wishes and, unless finds the decision unreasonable light developments (such that candidate cryptocurrency becomes unusable due unforeseen events), plans begin process adding the cryptocurrency become available the crypto atms. the losing voters' uptoken will returned the losing voters' wallets. for the winning voters' uptoken, they will deposited into the coinme uptoken vault. the winning voters' uptoken that coinme receives will subject the same restrictions the uptoken the vault described section well the additional restriction that the winning voters' uptoken will held the coinme uptoken vault for least five years after the election has ended. after the election, coinme plans fulfill its customers' request seeking add the winning coin coinme's network atms commercially reasonable timeframe. all such elections will publicly announced the uptoken website: www.uptoken.org voting rights choose the next currency overtime, coinme will add new cryptocurrencies the atm network. auctions will held, and interested parties will use uptoken vote. technical design: simple secure uptoken ethereum token following the erc protocol. will take conservative design approach order minimize the attack surface that complicated smart contracts present hackers around the world. furthermore, chose not use advanced contract token architecture minimize the number ways the token and token-holders can attacked. our token contract available view here www.uptoken.org/contract and described our token sale terms here: www.uptoken.org/terms note that the sha hash the crowdsale addresses dedcecdabefcdccabffbfcfbdfe this hash has been posted numerous places for your protection. copyright (c) up, global ltd. leadership neil bergquist, michael smyers, j.r. willett, co-founder, ceo co-founder, engineering inventor the token sale neil the former director innovation delta dental washington and former innovation management consultant point consulting and venture advising firm with offices throughout the us. neil also developed and led the largest technology incubator the northwest called surf incubator. bergquist received master business administration (mba) from the atkinson graduate school management willamette university. serial entrepreneur, michael brings decade's worth experience and success the team. michael co-founded zipwhip (https://www.crunchbase.com/ organization/zipwhip), cloud-based texting platform, currently valued $m. michael founded coursescheduler while completing bachelor science electrical engineering from kansas state university. coinme testament michael's ability deliver dream. j.r. invented the ico launching the omni layer (formerly mastercoin) (http://www.omnilayer. org/). currently, omni the largest ecosystem for crypto assets, hosting hundreds millions dollars (including maid safe and tether). uptoken's unique economics are the result j.r.'s perspective and insight. brock reed, juan llanos, steven olson, marketing chief compliance officer chief financial officer brock brings over years experience managing and running marketing and creative agencies. feeds off energizing diverse teams discovering, strategizing and executing successful marketing programs. student branding and understands the keys successful customer loyalty. brock has also started been founding partner multiple businesses over the years from tech support drinkware. juan has been certified anti-money laundering specialist (cams) since with over years' experience building and managing aml and regulatory compliance programs for multiple international jurisdictions, including canada, italy, hong kong, mexico, singapore, the united states and spain, juan has been recognized pioneer the development compliance, operational and risk management best practices for the money remittances industry. prior joining coinme, steve served the interim cfo for multiple high-growth innovative financial technology organizations including ripple labs. long-standing financial executive with over years executive-level management experience within technology-focused organizations. copyright (c) up, global ltd. crypto-enabled world, all economies can rise up. join us. register today www.uptoken.org copyright (c) up, global ltd.