usdcoin: better way pay usc private limited cs@usc.us abstract usc encrypted digital currency that stable, readily convertible and secured the united states dollar. has been created and being used one the most advanced and sophisticated payment instruments available. blockchain application for distributed data storage, through point-to-point transmission, consensus mechanism and encryption algorithm, that achieves consensus among participants without any third parties involved, enabling reliable transmission trust and value extremely low costs. while cryptocurrency media that transmits value the blockchain, payment serves the area where blockchain most likely produce real value. the price fluctuation encrypting digital currency problem for applying blockchain payment reality. referring the linked exchange rate system hong kong, and legal tender reserve, the cryptocurrency issued the blockchain accordance with fixed proportions, while payment gateway exchange between legal tender and cryptocurrency provided for all users, thus ensuring price stability the cryptocurrency, and reducing price volatility caused speculation. introduction underlying technology bitcoin and other digital currencies, blockchain emerged along with new generation digital currencies. the core innovation blockchain that creates electronic payment system based password authentication rather than trusted intermediaries, allowing the transaction parties trade the absence any third party. unlike traditional payment technologies, blockchain payments provide advantages, including: algorithm-based consensus mechanism, decentralized credit systems, broker-free trading systems and improved transaction costs. addition, distributed network reduces risks traditional centralized financial systems; and new tamper-proof accounting process facilitates supervision and audit. blockchain technology presents unique advantages the field payments, but the current mainstream public chains are constrained the number transactions per second they can handle. take, for example, bitcoin with its measly transactions per second peak and ethereum with only slightly higher figure contrast, the visa network handles transactions per second, while alipay's record acheived usc relies multi-cross public chains and its infrastructure extremely efficient. among public chains equipped with smart contracts, its throughput on-chain transactions per second has far outperformed other mainstream public chains, meeting usd's current demands. mainstream cryptocurrencies' price volatility increases market speculation, bringing uncertainty economic activities and complicating the completion transactions. since unstable cryptocurrency not suited frequent daily trading, the price cryptocurrency needs stabilized. reference the linked exchange rate system hong kong, note-issuing banks, rate usd hkd, pay usd the exchange fund advance, obtain certificate indebtedness the equivalent value hkd before additional hkd banknotes are issued. meanwhile, the government also promises that the hkd banknotes, having returned from circulation, are reversed into usd note-issuing banks the same rate. dollar, legal tender, used reserve, and the cryptocurrency usc proportionately issued the chain light the reserve quantity. usc issued based multi-cross public networks with the following attributes cryptocurrency: usc can freely exchanged pp, anonymous, safe and decentralized environment. usc integrates multi-cross public chain's traits. usc based rdpos consensus mechanism smart contract platform, able issue destroy tokens through smart contract transparent way and can used saved numerous wallets; such achain, ethereum, etc. payment gateway for exchange between legal tender and cryptocurrency provided for all users, allowing them make such exchange convenient and economic way. addition, users may also acquire usc through exchanges and personal transactions. the usd amount reserve shall never less than the usc amount circulation. the quantity circulated usc can checked via open-source browsers. usc deposits usd reserves plurality trusted banks, and regularly publishes the reserve amounts the bank accounts which will audited third-party agencies before announcing results. however, issuing and destroying usc such manner not complete decentralization, efforts should made for some prospective improvement. collaboration with trusted banks open the banks' api interfaces, with smart contracts based multi-chains used issue destroy usc, thus decentralizing the procedure. managers for their bank accounts, companies will invite third-party agencies for regulation and auditing, that balance and capital flow their accounts will more transparent. usc communicates with all relevant government and regulatory institutions facilitate the regulation blockchain payment applications. usc invites media announce stable currencies' area utilization. usc invites independent rating institutions and coin holders rate and evaluate usc. stable digital currency overview money has three main functions: medium exchange, value scale and value storage. among them, perhaps the most promising function cryptocurrency lies its function medium exchange since the magnitude price changes most cryptocurrencies affects their role measure value and storage. compared with the stable value-storage medium gold, btc has shown great volatility its history, and other digital currencies such eth, bch, etc. have shown similar characteristics. the fluctuations encrypted digital currencies may increase their speculative power, but the long run, this has greatly hindered their application practical life. firstly, medium exchange, neither institutions nor individuals can accept the risk unnecessary price fluctuations. therefore, present, the magnitude fluctuations displayed digital currencies makes difficult for large companies and individuals use the technology medium for payment. secondly, the price digital currencies fluctuates greatly, making the medium very difficult price scale. take for example, the case bitcoin: general, users cannot use bitcoin price real estate automobiles. although digital currency easy store and portability very suitable value store, currently bitcoin and ethereum cannot provide users with hedging function. therefore, can combine the existing advantages digital currencies with stability, will able enable more innovation and applications the digital currency field and beyond. many innovations and applications the field cryptocurrency have also been shelved due price instability, thence designing stable digital currency has long been area great concern. right now, the price non-stable digital currencies the market are subject price fluctuations due the market supply and demand. all stable currencies therefore require reference system link. stable currencies can linked the dollar, gold, etc, that their price not affected the cryptocurrency market. the problems that they might encounter are the question how maintain the corresponding hooking mechanism for long enough, and the question what kind reference standard choose hook to. ideal stable currency should able withstand significant market fluctuations without excessive costs maintain, and allow for the easy analysis stability parameters, well providing complete transparency traders and arbitrageurs, maximizing their practical stability. there are several different stable digital currencies the market, but from the basics design, they can summarized the following three basic scenarios: stable digital currency secured legal assets you want design stable digital currency, the most direct way start with the mortgage legal assets. the legal assets question can international currencies, gold, crude oil, etc. for example, depositing u.s. dollar into bank account and issuing stable currency with conversion ratio. when the user wants settle the stable currency u.s. dollars, she will convert the stable currency back u.s. dollars. this the most simple and stable digital currency design scheme. addition the underlying technology the blockchain support stable currencies, this scheme requires one more banks the interface for users deposit and withdraw currency. strictly speaking, this kind program not decentralized. therefore, ensure the transparency and credibility digital currency, custodians need regular inspections professional audit firms. the custodian also needs excellent technical and operational capabilities ensure the safety and stability the assets. however, this centralization can bring with the greatest degree price stability. this solution can withstand any cryptocurrency fluctuations because all collateral stored statutory reserve and can remain unchanged the case devaluation the cryptocurrency. the statutory support programs are highly regulated and constrained the traditional payment framework. you want withdraw the stable currency and reclaim legal assets, you need remittance mailing. this process not only time-consuming but also expensive. other than usc, currently the market, usdt, trueusd, and digix global are available. usdt and trueusd are secured dollars, while digix global uses gold collateral. however, the fundamental properties are the same. advantages disadvantages easy and straightforward currency issuance and recovery rates are constrained the speed bank liquidation stable price the custodian needs ensure credibility and custody collateral exists physical banks other entities and not subject cybersecurity stable digital currency secured digital currencies the second type stable currency directly secured digital currency and does not require integration with traditional payments. abandon legal assets, can also avoid centralization. the design idea use another cryptocurrency reserve collateral. everything done the blockchain and does not involve legal assets collateral. the problem with this approach that cryptocurrencies (such bitcoin and ethereum) are inherently unstable, meaning that the value collateral will constant flux. the value the stable currency should obviously not fluctuate, the solution ensure that the stable number issuances have sufficient collateral deal with the volatility collateral prices. advantages disadvantages independent legal assets the price collateral not stable and can even liquidated automatically when the price collapses mortgage digital currency assets can liquidated quickly and low price affected the specific mortgaged underlying digital currency digital currency used for mortgage open and transparent low capital use efficiency can used create leverage more complex than legal currency mortgage the first stable currency use this scheme was bitusd (with bitshares used collateral) created dan larimer .since then, makerdao's dai has been widely regarded the most promising stable currency secured cryptocurrency collateral (ethernet). unsecured stable currency with in-depth understanding the encryption field, you might ask the question: why must must use collateral underpin the stable currency? any case, arbitrageurs only need believe that our stable currency will eventually traded for one dollar. can the united states not get rid the gold standard stop support from underlying assets? perhaps this means that collateral not necessary, and stable currencies can take the same pattern. advantages disadvantages collateral required too complex centralized and independent (unlimited any other digital fiat currency) most the assets are vulnerable falling crashed assets and cannot liquidated difficult analyze safety limits and healthy conditions maintain price parity, algorithm-backed stable coins attempt control their money supply through monetary policy. they this expanding and contracting the available supply coins the market. for example, the price stable coin too high, the stable coin protocol's algorithm will mint new units and introduce them into the market increasing the supply until price parity. the price too low, the algorithm will buy the stable coin the market selling bonds discount. these bonds entitle their holders the right one unit stable coin future date incentivizing stable coin holders sell their stable coins for bonds and decreasing the total supply until price parity. usdt usc.act usc.eth usc.eos transaction speed tps tps tps tps consensus algorithm pow pos rdpos pow dpos trading confirmation time hour seconds bank reserves transparency non-transparent transparent usd convertibility only traded seller and buyer meets traded and exchanged directly via bank account affected base currency affected btc price act price does not affect usc. service fees service charges generally over usd. only "gas" expenses (not over cents per transaction) necessary based achain smart contracts. funds flow process usc circulation follows: generally progresses user deposits appropriate usd funds into the company's bank account accordance with the usd amount deposited, company releases corresponding usc user's target chain address. user deposits usc the address company wallet and exchanges into usd. company sends usd into the user's bank account and destroys the usc. proof solvency executed our company through smart contracts, each issuance destruction usc indicates sum usd deposited into withdrawn from the bank account. this process always performed rate usd usc. demonstrate our exchanging capability, the quantity circulated usc and balance the bank accounts will disclosed periodically. this measure ensures the balance not less than the amount circulated usc, and manifests that our company able exchange usc circulation. the quantity circulated usc properly disclosed, usc asset issued based public chains, and all records can queried via blockchain browsers. eth contract address: xcdcdcfbeaeffcbdeb act contract address: concjuvmqsqpihnjbdjrfppffsb the dynamic disclosure bank account balances and capital flows requires supports from banks, professional third-party agencies will invited make regular audits and publish results publicly. the amounts usc circulation will collected and disclosed according time points bank accounts. afterwards, closer cooperation with banks should expected, make the process more functional real-time and convenient. usc main applications stable encrypted digital currencies play indispensable role the increasingly popular currency-to-currency trading market, which more adaptive for daily transactions than other volatile digital currencies. exchange present, digital currency exchanges are classified into currency-to-currency exchanges and legal tender exchanges. for traditional currency exchanges, legal tender the most commonly used. utilizing traditional financial system presents many problems, such complicated access, long time periods, high risk, large trading costs, and obstructed global circulation for legal tenders. for currency-to-currency exchanges, assets owned users are digital currencies, which use blockchain directly access channel, and are free from regulation and limitation anti-money-laundering rules. the open api blockchain optimizes and accelerates the process confirming deposited withdrawn assets, and introduces the exchange more users relying the global nature digital currencies. the global volume currency-to-currency transactions has surpassed that for digital assets legal tenders, currency-to-currency exchanges are becoming extremely popular. how stable digital currencies impact currency-to-currency exchanges analogous how legal tenders impact traditional exchanges, where users, who demand profits preferentially, require stable digital currency medium reduce risk during speculation. when bullish, users exchange the stable currency into more volatile one obtain earnings, and when bearish, they the opposite avoid risk. there are stable digital currencies exchange for avoidance, users can encounter grave risks. digital currency exchanges, there class users who profit from different digital currencies' prices exchanges, which may exemplified loop achieved buying currencies from platform then selling them platform higher price, and transferring funds from platform back for such circulation processes, stable digital currencies can provide the following advantages: stable digital currencies are international currencies, meaning they can cover more alternative exchanges without exchanges among legal tenders stable digital currencies are free from any losses caused price fluctuation during deposits and withdrawals stable digital currencies are based open-source blockchain network, offering better api services minimize handling times and seize market opportunities payment blockchain's distributed structure and low-cost trust-construction mechanism present new methods solve and optimize defects related payments. the low-cost trust-construction mechanism helps construct social trust system; the distributed network reduces systemic risks implicit financial systems; new accounting processes resist tampering and facilitate supervision and audit directly; real-time trading systems full range improves payment efficiency, allowing real-time supervision and enhanced compliance for participating enterprise; trading systems with weakened intermediary roles reduce transaction costs; and smart contracts based the blockchain promote the evolution smart financial payment. reducing costs: blockchain presents incomparable advantages terms infrastructure construction, multi-system connections, and trading procedures. infrastructure construction: the core traditional payment system, infrastructure serves proprietary equipment and network among banks for banks themselves, while the infrastructure blockchain payments can utilize existing network facilities, extending the coverage current payment systems lower costs. multi-system connections: traditional payment systems require unified institutions enable direct liquidation banks, where agencies are necessary among banks and payment organizations, resulting high expenses for banks operated under proxy mechanism. however, blockchain constructed with unified network, and equipped with uniform consensus mechanism, which convenient link different payment organizations, and shows great cost advantages multi-system connections. trading procedures: blockchain more competitive terms the daily operational costs, whose payment and liquidation need trusted intermediary interventions. this can decrease the maintenance costs trust intermediaries. enhancing efficiency: without involving any agencies, blockchain able realize end-to-end payment for both parties, eliminating the time cost additional liquidation among different payment organizations and optimizing transaction cycles. the blockchain payment system needs extra construction infrastructure, but can expand directly the existing network, and quickly establish globalized mechanism. reconstruction credit system for control and auditing: the advantage blockchain that can rely algorithms automatically and faithfully record each transaction and store this information every computer the blockchain network. all records have the characteristics full-process tracking and cannot falsified. this greatly facilitates the establishment credit system and facilitates the supervision and auditing transactions. zero margin costs: benefiting from cheap infrastructure and marginal costs, blockchain payment systems hold natural advantages terms extensive expansion and compatibility with underlying networks, meaning suitable for international expansion. like internet applications, blockchain payment systems also display obvious scale advantages. for costs and efficiency, blockchain shows unique advantages payment, but still too early replace existing payment systems. order grow better, blockchain needs combine and integrate with current payment systems eliminate its defects and achieve upgrade capabilities. currently, several blockchain applications are engaged combining which are integrating digital currencies into the visa system, reduce payment costs and increase efficiency. stable digital currencies issued strictly usd usc are more acceptable blockchain payment systems than other volatile ones. more the population recognize and use usc, the blockchain payment made usc will become more efficient and convenient. storage another function usc stable currency its function medium storage, allowing greater suitability than unstable digital currencies. when the digital currency market fluctuates greatly, investors are reluctant invest other currencies, and usc becomes very good hedge. users can also store usc their wallets. real-time transfers can made between wallets and exchanges. conclusion the future, necessary explore better methods issue and destroy cryptocurrencies, well methods publicize bank accounts, demonstrate capabilities exchanging cryptocurrencies. our payment gateway will improved further, thereby allowing all users across the planet perform exchange between legal tender and our digital currency efficient and economical way. addition, there will more collaboration with exchanges, wallet tools and merchants, providing more application scenarios and mobility for our cryptocurrency.