the future online payments here utrust.io version november amended november utrust switzerland (c) table contents preamble ......................................................................................................................... executive summary ..................................................................................................... vision ................................................................................................................................. problem ............................................................................................................................ solution ........................................................................................................................... blockchain, icos and future payments ........................................................ platform token ........................................................................................................ the utrust payment platform .............................................................................................................. the utrust token (utk) ............................................................................................. value and strategy ..................................................................................................................................... token implementation ............................................................................................................................... legal and regulatory remarks .............................................................................................................. platform market fit ................................................................................................ timeline milestones .............................................................................................. ico details .................................................................................................................................................... development roadmap ............................................................................................................................ the team ......................................................................................................................... contributors .................................................................................................................... security ......................................................................................................................................................... protection ..................................................................................................................................................... advisory and information disclosure ................................................................................................... preamble the purpose this document provide information regarding the utrust project, its core conceptual idea, business model, competitive advantages, team, ico details and roadmap towards the mvp (minimum viable product). more technical description core architecture and apis will follow after the ico funding phase. utrust started from simple idea, born from tale personal hands-on frustration using current offerings crypto-payment systems and our desire build better platform. after condensing the original concept into pitch presentation, relentlessly reached out interested partners and organically built our team. along this journey, found great partners and mentors who were strongly committed and excited work with the ever-progressing vision utrust, while aiding the refinement our proposal for the market. now drive towards the ico stage, thank everyone that supported and hope surpass the expectations set forth the community the future. this whitepaper has been published november and amended november recommend following updates the utrust website and other official media channels, for new information and updates. executive summary utrust will revolutionary payment platform that enables buyers use their favorite cryptocurrency order pay sellers (private merchants). provide sellers with the safety and convenience receiving funds fiat currency, and offer the best consumer-protection buyers, acting trusted mediators. combine the best payment protection features current generation fiat systems with the innovative features blockchain while blending the unique features provided our own token. key summary pre-ico start date august utc ico start date november utc rounds pre-sale single round token symbol utk token pool supply (five hundred million) pre-ico round value cents) ico round value cents) max crowdsale cap accepted contributions btc eth token protocol eth, erc the utrust platform aims provide the consumer protection that buyers take for granted traditional online purchases, acting mediator, resolving conflicts and enabling the possibility refunds mitigate fraud, while shielding the merchant from crypto-market volatility. want build upon the best features cryptocurrencies enable fast transactions, lower fees and low cross-border transaction friction, enabling merchants sell growing worldwide audience crypto-holders. summation, aim build payment api for marketplace integration that will become the crypto-contender paypal. all aforementioned features intend integrate would make for incredible product its own right, the first its kind the world crypto-payments and one that could funded venture capital investment alone. decided step beyond creating innovative idea and product, offering the chance for anyone the world become supporter, leveraging the power initial coin offering (ico) and issue our own utrust token (utk) alongside the utrust platform. essence, the token will act contribution from our supporters, transactional token, that buyers can use the utrust platform itself alongside other major coins, and financial mechanism linking the utk value the utrust platform value our strategic value-coupling mechanism. this ambitious endeavor intended build comprehensive software platform from the ground-up, while bringing tangible value our supporters, the form token appreciation, and the community buyers and sellers, driving its future growth the form platform transactions. believe cryptocurrencies are evolving become much more than speculation and are here stay the minds and wallets consumers. this game-changer that know can change how merchants and buyers use cryptocurrencies and believe that the only missing link platform mediation and trust. the utrust platform. august opened pre-ico observe community interest our project. after the round closure, and matches our expectations, will targeting ico starting november order obtain total financial leverage mm. this amount was further reduced for the extension the ico's deadline. the funds will fuel our passion disrupt online payments with cryptocurrency, financing development mvp (minimum viable product), marketing operations, merchant adoption incentives and team expansion. what have achieved far the result the efforts diverse and highly-skilled team, who has targeted our ambitious roadmap. this stage need your support, and dare say, your trust. vision believe that one the key roles cryptocurrencies the digital age facilitate transactions and serve frictionless and secure payment method with broad acceptance. believe current payment platforms are lacking the necessary features drive broad merchant and user adoption. digital tokens are more than asset for financial speculation and icos can leveraged fund agile teams with the drive build new platforms; platforms with real value, driven growth the transactions goods and services, and financially sustained revenue from fair fees. problem despite the industrial disruption and technological advances that blockchain provides, one area that still largely untapped digital payments between buyers and sellers physical services. digital payment systems have been holdout larger industry incumbents, with more legacy apis and agreements with traditional financial institutions, banks and credit cards. despite the advantages crypto payments, such ultra-low fees, speed and low barrier entry, clear and developed advancement transactional security has yet implemented the market. buyers desire and have come expect robust consumer protection system that protects their purchases and provides refunds. sellers the other hand would love earn more revenue but are cautious the volatility issues associated with accepting cryptocurrencies. wouldn't amazing could have the best both worlds? this mutual trust dilemma aim solve with the utrust platform. solution our aim build next-generation payment gateway allowing buyers use their favorite cryptocurrency buy goods and services with confidence from merchants, incorporating robust paypal-like consumer protection and dispute resolution scheme. aim drive adoption the api merchants providing them way receive fiat currency directly from cryptocurrency buyers, shielding the merchant from market volatility and decreasing the risk accepting cryptocurrency. blockchain, icos and future payments "it's crazy that most retailers still don't accept bitcoin payments" jonathan johnson, medici ventures president, july with the blockchain industry reaching its post-inception phase, many keytechnology foundations are now mature enough build robust consumer-facing products reaching wider audience. many wonder what the next big thing fintech, what the next disruption and where are headed. with any new technology, blockchain driving change many areas traditional business, forcing incumbents adapt their more traditional business models. from banking, insurance, equity trading, venture capital, logistics and governance, everyone being affected, with new products redefining the way think money, transactions, value and trust. have made great strides from the early days bitcoin being traded private forums, exchanges and application platforms powered smart-contracts. though have already made significant advancements, this just one stage the digitalization money. with the cryptocurrency market predicted reach sizable trillion the year according major market analysts, believe this the time beyond tokens purely speculative investment platforms and begin leveraging icos build platforms with tangible value and ambition disrupt. according ico data, over billion funding has been raised; however, this amount represents small fraction the funds invested more traditional venture capital funds startups worldwide. figure amount raised icos (ytd), $mm bloomberg, https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/--/novogratzsays-cryptocurrencies-face-monster-regulatory-risks figure ico investment growth, (ytd) believe that this momentum will only accelerate with future growth leveraged icos that build upon established protocol layers and build next-gen commercial ecosystems backed token economy. currently key protocol foundations are place build new faster and scalable online payment gateway. platform you can use for paying goods and services, free from constraints legacy payment processors built around credit cards and offer more than other crypto-centered platforms today. believe the payment arena one the key value-generating uses for cryptocurrencies going forward, and that the utrust platform will able create value for its major stakeholders: the buyer, the merchant and the initial token contributors. for buyers, aim minimize the risk scams and fraud while paying online, providing full payment protection purchases and acting mediator all transactions. strive the best choice for buyers, minimizing the amount service fees for each transaction comparison other system. our goal increase the purchasing power cryptocurrency providing buyers more and safer outlets spend their acquired crypto-holdings, which will further drive the variety merchant offers, expand market consumption and size. for merchants, aim provide way expand their client base and sale revenue targeting wider audience cryptocurrency holders. this untapped market users has amassed large number assets that continue grow valuation with limited outlets that stimulate spending. providing the merchants the ability receive fiat currency, will tackle one the major gripes accepting cryptocurrencies highly volatile economy, effectively shielding the merchant against crypto volatility and assuring the amount received for the purchase. additionally, will mitigate common risks associated with traditional payment methods removing the possibility chargebacks, stolen credit card information and fraud. for contributors, aim provide opportunity fund platform with real value its operating business model beyond mere token speculation. the utk will not only have role the utrust platform accepted token alongside other cryptocurrencies offering the advantage fee waivering, but will also synergistically tied the platform strategic value coupling. each time buyer pays with any cryptocurrency via the utrust payment platform, small percentage the transactional fee removed from the market and burned the form utk. this reduces the utk supply further driving demand, the adoption the platform, and the value for contributors. essence, the higher the volume transactions the utrust platform, the higher the potential value the utk for contributors the future. platform token the utrust payment platform the utrust platform will payment processor solution that enables merchants accept multiple cryptocurrencies from buyers while receiving their funds fiat currency. aim establish our solution the best the market, offering few distinct innovative features: robust consumer protection and risk mitigation both buyers and sellers pay with your favorite cryptocurrency buyer, receive fiat currency seller integrated indexed token exchange, that can used the platform reduce transactional fees figure overview transaction utrust will transactional payment api that combines the speed and safety crypto payments with the consumer protection traditional payment systems and the fraud-free benefits crypto payments (no stolen cards, chargebacks hacked accounts). will payment protection system designed around robust mediation mechanism, empowering the buyer open dispute and escalate something goes wrong. will provide safe chat environment for both parties dialogue and attempt self-resolve while allowing trusted mediator join arbitrator. this escalation and mediation utrust operator will insure that final decision (refund release) reached impartial party. our keypillars value will stand on: buyer protection the amount paid the buyer will held until transaction has been validated the platform mediator. utrust handles conflict resolution and mitigate risk, protecting the consumer and assuring the possibility the buyer get refund case problem arising with the purchase. fluctuation protection will provide transparent conversion preview rates. the conversion from crypto fiat done jit (just time) the best market rate and added the pool. locking this amount and assuring the hold after conversion, ensure the seller will get the specific amount he/she requested, unconstrained from crypto market volatility. low fees will provide lower fees than other ecommerce platforms for sellers the transaction amount. connection multiple exchange providers and smart analytics will ensure the lowest possible exchange fees for the buyer sending the payment. how will the platform work from buyer and seller's perspectives? it's quite simple. let's look typical user interaction flow with the platform: the merchant sets article for sale the marketplace with the specific price he/she intends receive their local currency. the marketplace offers prospective buyers with wide range payment options checkout, including utrust. since the merchant wants target many young online buyers possible, he/she offers utrust payment prominent checkout option, the buyer can select and the merchant check-out context best protection from seller platform. buyer sets article for sale market (e.g.: usd) price it's possible the utrust buyer decides purchase the article buyer sees thinks take advantage the selection payment method the offer and great deal for the merchant offers. pay with utrust when the buyer selects utrust payment method, he/she can choose use funds from any their existing cryptocurrency wallets source funds (e.g.: bitcoin, ethereum address) use their utk funds. he/she has not created account with utrust this stage, he/she can now just proceed and pay. the buyer will shown description the total amount paid, including commission and exchange conversion fees (from the crypto amount the fiat amount). the description transparent and updated every minutes. the buyer completes the transaction and the amount sent utrust. our system converts the cryptocurrency amount fiat and holds escrow until its released the seller. the specific duration this hold period will vary depending the merchant performance history. the merchant then notified incoming purchase and that the amount has been sent the buyer and pending release. this trusted merchant with high-performance rating, the funds will released almost immediately. the merchant newcomer the platform with prior history the hold period can take several days. the merchant establishes track record successful transactions, his performance rating will increase, hereby progressively decreasing the holding period. everything goes smoothly the buyer receives the article, the seller receives the funds and dispute opened. another happy customer and another successful sale for the merchant increasing his performance. but let's imagine that something does wrong. for example, perhaps the buyer did not receive the article from the merchant due incorrect address. decides open dispute, escalating the issue. this escalation stage both parties enter self-resolution chat, where they try amicably come mutual agreeable terms. this can mean the merchant acknowledging shipping mistake and fixing the issue, voluntarily refunding the buyer, the buyer acknowledging the goods were received. these few examples are among multitude possible scenarios. both parties not come terms days the buyer has the option escalate the claim mediator. this instance, utrust operator joins the chat resolution and serves mediator and arbitrator with final say the dispute outcome. proceeding with escalation will incur fee over the amount hold buyer refund issued the utrust mediator. from this point onwards, the utrust mediator takes control the chat, collecting evidence from both parties and either issues refund the buyer releases the funds the seller. the merchant loses the dispute (due scam fraud), corresponding performance downgrade will occur which will translate higher holding period for future transactions. any buyer refunds are issued utk, converted from fiat current market value. the utrust token (utk) the token aim enable the use utk the utrust platform spending merchants that support utrust private buyer/seller transactions. you can also sell the token supported exchanges, privately hold for future use. the key difference our platform the business model behind it. once all the regulatory questions have been clarified with the swiss regulator (finma), the utrust platform will payment system that will enable you use the token and spend independently alongside system that grows synergy with the token. moreover, using the utk the utrust platform will have additional benefits further stimulate its growth. value and strategy how will this strategic value coupling work? each time buyer pays with any cryptocurrency via the utrust payment platform percentage the transactional fee will used buyback utk and remove them from the market. the removed tokens will burned. this will reduce the amount utk supply further driving demand, the adoption the platform and the value for contributors. the amount utk was projected reduced from the initial billion minimum cap million, rate faster than million year. considering that the total amount tokens was reduced upon the extension the ico, this reduction will prorated. the higher the volume transactions the utrust platform, the higher the potential market value the token. percentage the transaction fee will removed from the pool each market transaction, and the more the utrust platform used (with any supported crypto-currency), the further the supply utk will decrease, built-in adjustment that acts our self-stabilization mechanism. contributor that decides hold utk for the long run, though may subjected exchange market fluctuations, will enjoy protective layer that links the utk sustainable platform. this called intrinsic deflationary mechanism makes utrust not only the safest payment platform, but valuable utility token. should stated however, that the expected increase (or decrease) the value the utrust token will dictated the market's supply and demand rules and will not derived directly from utrust's activities. please note that holding utk does not trigger the right (or likelihood) redemption the payment fixed determinable income utrust. token holders must not reasonably expect generate profits through the sale token other persons. the utrust token will grant access the platform. any other forms financial incentives token holders may may not receive holding token, which are not expect, are outside utrust's control and activities and will only derived through their own efforts. thus, holding utrust token should not construed passive investment. the utrust token will not compatible with full passivity the participant. token implementation the utrust token will implemented erc-compatible token over the ethereum blockchain. ethereum was the natural choice for this project due its broad adoption and industry-standard for issuing custom digital assets. the compatibility with the erc standard leverages upon the existing infrastructure advantages the ethereum ecosystem, namely terms development tools, the right the investors force company repurchase their shares wallets, exchanges and human resource expertise. the ability program smart contracts with turing-complete language allows for robust foundation and flexible customization the cryptocurrency the utrust domain-specific requirements. for more information erc, please visit https://github.com/ethereum/eips/issues/ legal and regulatory remarks the utrust token sale represents voluntary contribution towards the execution this product vison its current and future team described this whitepaper. the utk does not grant any direct equity stake nor profit sharing. does not represent ownership right claim the utrust platform, revenues intellectual property, either present future. despite utrust team's best efforts and diligence bring this project forward, all contributors should aware that their contributions are not refundable and accept the inherent risk project failure any stage development. this implicit risk associated with any and all uncertainty backing cutting-edge technologically-focused entrepreneurial projects, and can affected either internal external factors that are out the control scope the team. additionally, contributions may subject any applicable compliance regulations (including kyc, aml and others where applicable). the planned utrust platform first needs analyzed the swiss regulator (finma). the utrust platform will only then operational and when its status clarified finma and finma has granted either no-action letter license. therefore, the above described function the utk means payment the finma swiss financial market supervisory authority https://www.finma.ch/en/ utrust platform will the earliest activated from the moment clarified regulatory status onwards. the utk can used the utrust platform with corresponding utility value inside such ecosystem and will not provide any redemption rights. believe that the utrust token does not qualify security and does not provide contributor equity share the legal structure any the utrust entities. preventive measure caution and due u.s. securities and exchange commission new regulations currently not accept contributions from u.s. citizens. u.s. citizens may not expect have access the ico the same terms and conditions residents citizens other countries jurisdictions. the event the ico open usa citizens, different terms and conditions may apply. the right the investors force company repurchase their shares investor bulletin: initial coin offerings https://www.sec.gov/oiea/investor-alerts-and-bulletins/ib_coinofferings platform market fit order understand what was missing the online payments market, started collecting data from user experiences using crypto payment systems, identifying the major pain points encountered. then looked current solutions the market (both crypto and traditional fiat payment segments), comparing keyfeatures and focusing the top-market players. from this analysis, discovered that current solutions crypto payments were lacking their ability provide merchants and buyers with the protection features users had come expect from traditional payment methods the areas transaction protection and conflict resolution. the other hand, traditional payment solutions suffered from high rate fraud, with credit card chargebacks being major pain for merchants. condensing our findings and comparing utrust with the top players the traditional and crypto worlds, came with the following comparison chart: figure competitive landscape other market players lower buyer purchase risk cover all purchases (both goods and the majority services). other traditional solutions such paypal only cover the purchase physical goods. crypto-based services such bitpay not cover anything all. payment approval speed unlike traditional payment systems, which usually delay the approval payments due high risk fraud and require submission countless documents, will approve payments immediately and make the process hassle-free for both parties (buyer seller). low exchange fees will provide both buyers and sellers low exchange fees using advanced analytics that are connected multiple crypto-currency exchange providers. services such paypal and bitpay provide exorbitant internal exchange rates. low seller fees will charge sellers flat fee received payments. other services such paypal charge flat minimum rate but can high after all "hidden fees" are accounted for. multiple cryptocurrencies accepted will accept the most used cryptocurrencies the market (bitcoin, ethereum, litecoin, dash monero and others) that covers wider percentage the total market cap. other services such bitpay only accept bitcoin, which restricts their market half the total market cap. more tokens are created and added the market, the captured percentage bitcoin will only shrink further. safety funds leverage the power the blockchain and say goodbye credit card fraud. only you will have control over your own private keys and funds, and even cannot access your wallet. traditional centralized solutions have poor track record keeping your funds safe. chargebacks sellers will protected from rampant credit card fraud and fake chargebacks, which common occurrence traditional payment services that still rely credit cards. customer payment protection the well-known service paypal relies heavily its buyer/seller protection plan. however, only covers the purchase physical goods. bitpay does not cover any purchases, making the transaction irreversible and leaving you exposed potential fraud. utrust will extend consumer protection covering both physical and virtual (if applicable) purchases. will guarantee full coverage for all eligible payments made via utrust. efficient resolution disputes traditional solutions such paypal have lengthy waiting period transaction resolutions while they gather evidence both sides independently (taking several months), making slow and painful process. will provide both self-mediated -party resolution mode, and advanced -party resolution dispute mechanism, enabling both parties chat real time, guided one our resolution mediators. will make quick and easy sort conflicts. performance-based rating seller will implement performance-based analytics algorithm evaluate the performance sellers, making that when the performance seller grows, the corresponding hold period the funds decreased. this mechanism will create trusted environment, encouraging sellers perform better over time and increases buyer confidence. best-case scenario, top seller will see its hold time virtually eliminated and will have the ability obtain the funds almost immediately. decentralized token linked platform value utrust will not only payment platform. will issue our own cryptocurrency utk. you can buy sell, send receive the platform, convert fiat, another cryptocurrency, simply keep safe your wallet and see its value grow synergy with the platform. transactions using utk will converted internally and benefit from zero exchange fee within the utrust platform. timeline milestones ico details initial pre-ico was successfully completed august and the main ico opening round set follow november gmt. was expected for the single round run for variable period longer than days until all tokens were issued, whichever happened first. however, considering recent market developments and the acceptance new countries the ico, the process will run until [date]. half total amount tokens previously available will destroyed. during this second stage the ico, the rights and obligations participants that already invested will not suffer any restrictions and participants' expectations will not compromised. the new maximum ico cap set mm, with accepted contribution tokens both btc and eth. the total pool fixed (five hundred million) utk, and will segmented single round totaling the pool, preceded pre-sale sale and with already pre-allocated private stakes. aggregate, all publicly available rounds will total total minted tokens and the minimum contribution stake set eth btc. distributed during pre-ico private investors marketing bounty retained utrust distributed during ico the pre-sale round took place with unit price (three cents) per token with distribution the token pool. the ico will follow suit distribution with unit prices per token fixed value (six dot five cents). regarding the remaining tokens, will retained utrust, diluted per year, during the next years order support future steering the project. the final will allocated marketing and bounties. the values and percentages are further detailed the table below: percent unit price per token total tokens issued total amount private round $,, pre-sale round $,, ico round (single) $,, total the pre-sale round confirmed profile public interest the project's potential and obtained valuable community feedback, while providing early opportunity loyal contributors join prior the full ico. during the round the tokens will distributed first-come-first-served basis and only the tokens sold each round will created and issued (for example, only the tokens are sold days, then only million tokens will generated, thereby decreasing the total token pool from million million). regard the token issue timeline, the utk are planned issued all contributors longer than weeks after the ico closes. this timeline may subject further delays the event any unforeseen legal, certification, regulatory compliance roadblocks. the beginning the tokens will not have any features. the use means payment will only possible after the regulatory status the utrust platform has been clarified with finma. for further information regarding our token sale, please visit the dedicated faq section our website. significant portion the post-ico funds, totaling the token total value will allocated the mvp, r&d, personnel, the development api for merchant marketplace integration, client wallet frontend and resolution dispute mechanism backend. around quarter the funds will allocated for marketing purposes and drive platform adoption and integration with party websites. the remaining amount will dedicated operational and administration expenses, partner engagement and legal fees. the following chart represents the current expected allocation and may adjusted the project evolves. allocation funds, post-ico engineering and development partner engagement marketing and promotional legal and regulation operational and administration misc engineering and development developing the utrust platform and all its components, hiring technical resources and establishing the infrastructure support development. marketing promotional developing relationships, marketing plan and cooperation strategy with merchants order expand support the utrust platform and reach wider audience clients. developing marketing campaign targeting increased adoption the platform buyers. partner engagement developing relationships with non-merchant entities, such exchange providers and other strategic partnerships. engaging possible joint ventures and incentives drive platform adoption. legal regulation establishing legal entities, complying with the ongoing regulatory framework, incorporation and other legal obligations. development roadmap regarding timelines for this project, the following showcases tentative milestones and target date for each phase: figure the roadmap towards new payment system after the conceptual phase and the ico closes, our team will prepare detailed roadmap for the staged development the platform. currently aim have transactional api platform ready for merchants test supported wallet app where buyers and merchants can check their balance, transaction history and mediated resolutions. the back-end interface for mediators will complement the platform, rolling out progressive basis the initial pilot launch will feature curated selection merchants with progressive expansion and refinement planed figure mvp for transactional api integration and user wallet the team order realize this ambitious project, and bring the mvp from concept market, gathered awesome team diverse experts, from mobile tech, digital payments, finance, crypto markets, and business worlds. together will leverage our combined experience other ventures make this project reality. want know more about the utrust team? here are just few us, but encourage you visit our website team section and check the complete profiles our core team and advisors. nuno correia filipe castro artur goulao ceo cio cto mba with mseng and love for disruptive technologies. early career development software solutions, including electronic payment systems. internationally-minded, moved from corporate small ventures scandinavia, complemented with mba china and brief advisory role. now engaged business development and strategic development innovative ventures. former cto leading digital payment platform company and current head development swiss-based cybersecurity company. excels and deeply involved the development and r&d software-related payment systems, either classical blockchain smartcontract-based approach. has background computer science from ist and mit. early cryptocurrency investor, deeply involved crypto markets and community since early and successfully co-founded several ventures. with background law and marketing, passionate about the transformative future digital payments. roberto machado luis zamith nick olender cpo head engineering marketing founder and product manager several startups prior utrust, has been leading different teams build highly reliable software products, with focus the end user experience. previously, has worked together with major international companies such at&t, betfair, airtel and uphold, provide vision outline, goals and product strategy solutions used millions users. working subvisual for more than years, specializes the development complex web-centered solutions, using ruby and ror. has fondness for open source tech and giving back the community. accomplished rails mentor, teaching workshops, university classes and events. also loves experimenting with new, fun programming languages, from haskell elixir even crystal. technology only important the business problems solves. nick loves opening closed mind solution that new perspective can create. has keen interest international business strategy with emphasis business financials and technology applications. sydney lai joao ferreira laura esteves partner engagement head design head operations cryptocurrency investor with background tech and banking wells fargo and credit suisse. community leader building startup ecosystems, she has built relationships with financial institutions, accelerators, venture funds and investors, helping enable society's access emerging technology. lead designer subvisual with over years' experience designing several innovative web-centered products. his methodology, obsesses with human-centered approach, focused bringing out the best possible experience for the end user. digs deep understand the drive and motivations using product while looking for opportunities empower the user every step. with background management, she has contributed different organizations tech and media ensuring the smooth execution operational activities and events. analytical and driven, she analyzes and manages kpis towards continuous growth and operational excellence. francisco baila gabriel poca ronaldo sousa product designer software engineer software engineer young designer with passion for typography who always has five minutes talk about it. has had the opportunity work with worldwide known brands and platforms, beautifying technology into friend. upon first encouter, but you would instantly find that this guy top-notch web developer, loving every aspect his job. from working key-projects for at&t and helping launch new fintech and healthcare care startups, gabriel has had diverse experiences that makes him balanced allround developer and pm. restless techie, design guru and music lover that likes build complex software for the people. usually, you can find him diligently coding front computer, getting inspired with guitar, meditating couch. always learning new exoteric programming languages, keen decentralized systems and modern technologies. fernando mendes bruno azevedo pedro costa software engineer software engineer software engineer with background distributed systems and computing, loves give back the community being part different volunteering organizations. young prodigy with multiple academic awards and fresh from college, now focusing mastering cutting-edge technologies that will help change the world. software engineer with specialization natural language processing and machine learning. loves explore different technologies; combined with his years experience web developer makes him force reckoned with cutting-edge projects. aims the best version himself applied into whatever area he's interested in. acomplished full-stack web developer subvisual. his experience dates back the world hpc and the beginnings web describing himself pedantic, constantly experimenting and trying new approaches classic problems, striving for excellence every step marc howland david bryan lilian financial advisor strategic advisor marketing advisor china marc holds role cofounder and business developer keyturn, venture using blockchain tech build supply-chain-centric product. has extensive experience the private equity and investment banking sector, having worked goldman sachs the carlyle group. currently pursuing mba from harvard business school, with previous business economics from brown. david serial entrepreneur and co-founder keyturn public benefit corporation, venture using blockchain tech disrupt the construction and supply-chain industry. specializes system platform design and technology strategy, with more than years experience the design sustainable gamechanging solutions supporting triple bottom line people, planet, profit. with extensive experience product branding and marketing, she has spent most her career focused the mainland china and taiwan markets, working with digital agencies successfully launch new campaigns. she holds business administration with marketing focus and has keen interest consumer behavior and analytics. sascha benz dhiveshan govender joao figueira business develop. advisor strategic advisor legal advisor founder and ceo svrgn, platform built empower citizens control and share their digital identity between trusted entities. created and lead innovative global first model for digital music streaming consumption: payc, later translated onto the blockchain giving rise stream-to-own models. holds mba from the university stellenbosch business school and currently working europe spearhead the development blockchain ecosystem africa. international lawyer with extensive experience international taxation and legal aspects cross-border investment several industries such it/media, real estate, m&a, finance, fintech and cryptocurrency. due his background both law and management, counsel boards directors several companies. joao managing partner lisbon based firm, lugna, and college professor. providing forward-looking solutions challenging new sectors part his daily business. seasoned entrepreneur and strategy consultant, has founded several ventures the e-commerce and mobile space switzerland. holds degree banking finance from the university zurich and specializes growth strategy, product design and marketing strategy mobile and ecommerce centric platforms. joao paulo francisco cruz francisco maia phd, cloud security advisor phd, architecture advisor phd, distrib. systems advisor co-founder safecloud technologies based switzerland and researcher inesc tec. one the world leading researchers storage deduplication and benchmarking. has also worked software defined storage for cloud computing and has contributed several european projects namely the development secure database and storage solutions. researcher inesc tec and co-founder safecloud technologies based switzerland. his work has been focused distributed databases and big data. has extensively contributed the community with work autonomous reconfiguration and elasticity systems for cloud computing. has been involved european projects such cumulonimbo, aimed re-architecting distributed database solutions intended for large scale deployments. co-founder and ceo safecloud technologies swiss venture focused privacy-preserving software solutions. researcher inesc tec with focus distributed systems, large scale data storage, distributed coordination and privacypreserving technology. has participated several european projects collaboration with both industrial and academic partners from all over the world. arthur zubkoff marketing consultant arthur fintech and marketing consultant with background technology, design, business, and banking the standard chartered bank. holds master's degree management from the university andrews and first class honours degree computer science from the newcastle university. arthur's passion and enthusiasm for blockchain and startups has led him invest various cryptocurrencies and companies like tenx and brewdog. contributors security our system will designed take into account the recent events wallet theft ico. this will mitigated circulating the currency between multiple addresses and converting significant amount the ico fiat currency when possible. protection contribution utk contribution the utrust platform's future. our deflationary mechanism creates intrinsic value and relationship between the platform growth and token value. the purpose mitigate the effects earlier icos which the tokens had large demand the first months and then flattened, leaving the value almost zero. advisory and information disclosure our operating strategy includes periodical contact with contributors through mailing list and/or newsletter order keep them updated current status development, marketing, clients, and revenue. this strategy allows gain feedback from the contributors and keep them updated with the most recent news and developments. utrust switzerland (c) zug, che-.. contact@utrust.io