v-dimension nothing eternal, only ideas last forever. vds whitepaper vdsvvvxxmxpssszd.onion table contents preface project introduction overview philosophy product design logo meaning vds issuance system fees the vds functions the dual wallet the trust stamp network resonance trade vad secret chat distributed otc trade anonymous transactions master nodes smart contracts noncentralized voting scalable vds functions vds browser blockchain business smart contracts the lightning network fission promotions and the lottery icex vds ecology initial ecological establishment fund the development phases vds the noncentralized autonomous community the vds vision project roadmap appendix and references preface v-dimension preface cooperation and consensus are the most important components human civilization. the fundamental difference that lets humans dominate the globe instead other creatures. highly intelligent and complex group, lack trust causes the greatest friction cooperation. lack transparency the greatest threat consensus. along with the continuously growing power globalization, bottleneck occuring the expansion civilization that becoming more and more obvious. have admit that centralized society has greatly contributed the rapid development human civilization for thousands years. however, the increasing global population has resulted increase material demands, global resource shortages, environmental crises, and social conflicts led growing wealth gap. all these are continuously decreasing total human productivity, and directly influencing the next steps development human civilization. this beckons maintain constant rational reflection the centralized components the modern world. the emergence blockchain has led new direction solve all these problems. this consensus system uses technology produce passive trust and create unalterable consensus mechanism. this passive trust produced thus far the highest boundary trust, which need for trust all. technological revolution that can directly solve the bottleneck human civilization the modern era from its very root should receive deep attention and worthy continuous exploration and experimentation all human society. what blockchain able for not merely bring financial changes. cryptocurrency only embodiment value transfer. another representation the energy transferred the process things running their course, which can imagined basic element life activity. can bring much more for us, from finance commerce, from entertainment culture, from property rights law, from privacy freedom, from consciousness cognition, and even from the democratic era the post-democratic era. essence, the social rift formed blockchain will rewrite the developmental future human civilization, and once again bring the entire civilization mankind into period rapid development. this the only road human kind can take explore the future. this age when finance has become the global nervous system, finance the starting point for all blockchain possibilities. for global finance, the internet has accelerated the digitization financial assets. but this process, however, enslaved the opacity and limitations internet technology. asset safety and the trust crisis have this time become the biggest threats the asset safety individuals. the emergence blockchain technology allows significant number people see future full hope. with this new technology, people become aware that most the current social conflicts are caused centralization. perhaps decentralization the only cure. blockchain has perfectly solved this global trust crisis, and cryptocurrency has found way out for the security our assets. however, there still long way the application blockchain technology. more and more people are placing more attention the application value blockchain. for the whole industry, attempts trying convert cryptocurrency into truly globally-circulative currency have never stopped. seeking out the application values blockchain and cryptocurrency has been the driving goal for vds development team. also our original intention during the design and development vds. hope our efforts open new window for the world, and become social practice great significance. vds not merely single project, but integration multiple research achievements based distributed, private blockchain network. will play significant role identity security, internet freedom, private social interactions, decentralized finance, and commerce. could said that what vds has done rebuilt completely new, open internet distributed anonymous nodes, which will lead unprecedented free space, vdimension. blockchain will change the world. nothing eternal, only ideas last forever. from its design and basic information level, this paper will discuss how vds has built noncentralized consensus society full ecology future currency network. the time writing this paper, the vds development team the process completing final tests and verifications, and this occupying all their time. thus, relevant technological introductions and explanations will appear version" the vds whitepaper after the project has officially gone online. sincere apologies for this. project introduction v-dimension overview based blockchain technology, and taking noncentralized anonymity its design principle, "privacy internet" has been built distributed nodes and opened for all the public use. this basis, with precise and rigorous product design, the initial functions vds are ran through the cryptocurrency wallet application achieve user-friendly experience, construct perfect decentralized ecology finance commerce, and ultimately craft the noncentralized consensus society full ecology future currency network. call v-dimension (vds). these initial functions vds are resonance trade, the trust stamp network, the competition system, the network wide information broadcast (vad), secret chat, anonymous trade, smart contracts, distributed otc trade, super master nodes, the lottery, and the unique smart contract design- blockchain business smart contracts. all these functions work off one another circulate, balance and constitute the powerful initial internal structures vds, whose internal financial balance, community promotion, commercial interconnectivity, value concentration and network expansion will disrupt the ideas behind the centralized business paradigm. the end vds will become private communication network that open for the whole world use. supports development independent web browser where every vid address can serve anonymous address. all the applications the centralized internet may transplanted into this privacy network the people for the people. through the joint efforts the social community, brand-new, decentralized ecology internet freedom will created. terms its operational strategy, vds takes holistic prosperity the decentralized community guiding principle, incentivizing bitcoin users initially power the project. following the principle decentralization, minimizes the development team's impact the community. this creates vaster space for the long-term development vds. also tribute satoshi nakamoto. what vds brings not only new form cryptocurrency, nor merely new blockchain product; presents completely decentralized financial network, truly disruptive business practice, and re-shaping the internet. the door leading all mankind freedom, and what's more, immortal idea and indestructible thought. the difference has from any kind cryptocurrency that have ever seen that relies unparalleled financial logic. will become decentralized global currency the true sense and bring real wealth freedom the world. vds wishes make people recognize the long-term meaning noncentralized consensus, appreciate the preciousness privacy and freedom, push human civilization another level connecting the power our lives, and face our unknown future and ourselves with sincerity and love. philosophy from the dawn time, the level civilization and the development its science and technology have been closely bound together. from the industrial revolution the age information, the development science and technology promotes the process society; from machines the internet, the changes technology have affected the direction future social progress. never before have been close each other, aware each other- than this age where the internet connects the world's information and resources. humanity the midst experiencing the development higher level consensus. this progress for human social civilization. only establishing higher level consensus can mankind work better together create higher value, completely eliminate contradictions and conflicts our social development push the distribution wealth fairer and more just path, and build global community life and pursue new stage human civilization. the core value blockchain that solves our trust problems and achieves decentralized consensus through technological means. from the long-term perspective human development, the emergence blockchain technology the embodiment human free will, more the general trend using science and technology promote the development civilization. the centralized world live now filled with problems that cannot fundamentally solved matter how much improve our social and economic systems. just asimov's elevator effect points out, our imaginations are limited existing technologies until critical technologies are invented. this case, the advent blockchain has opened window hope. blockchain technology breaking many beliefs traditionally held about privacy, wealth, and even freedom. also unprecedented challenge for centralized financial systems and organizations. all these will endowed with new meanings the ideal world realized blockchain technology, where human beings seek out their own, true selves. future society will fully-integrated social body connected blockchain. inevitable outcome blockchain technology, vds adopts the principle decentralized design achieve consensus wealth, speech, innovation, networking and even ideological progress; relies the wisdom all people realize the freedom the entire human community. this the core philosophy vds; this community freedom, everyone its owner and the world will obtain true freedom. freedom wealth the essence wealth originates from group-consensus value within specified situation. therefore, once blockchain technology has solved trust issues among individuals, are capable creating more independent, free and democratic decentralized financial systems solve the financial impacts brought centralized dominance. for anyone the centralized world the privacy and security well the value and ownership our property have always been passive. have real control the wealth that truly belongs us, which causes series social problems and conflicts. vds will redefine and redistribute global wealth with decentralized approach. this major migration centralized wealth consensus decentralized wealth consensus. vds strives for wealth autonomy greater fairness, equality and privacy for every one and even each future generation. achieves ultimate wealth freedom for all mankind. freedom speech freedom speech the most basic right that human beings should have been endowed with. prerequisite for equal communication and consensus building. however, this right freedom dwarfed most countries around the world. the surface, what have lost freedom speech, but essence our equal footing, our authorization hold conversation with centralized institutions, that have truly lost. this most basic right freedom cannot even guaranteed, how shall express our appeals for ideal society and desired life? vds will achieve complete freedom speech. through its unique, anonymous technology, anyone allowed express opinions and convey ideas with secret chat the decentralized network, and communicate safely and freely; make networkwide broadcasts bidding insert advertising content into each vds user's wallet application through the advertisement broadcasting system. information and its dissemination will break through the limits centralized supervision, and allow people perceive the world real sense freedom speech not merely individual right, but also driving force for centralized institutions and social development that cannot neglected. people actively engage the development all society through freedom speech. for centralized institutions, the voice the people like mirror which truly reflects the true world and the objective state our society, promoting centralized institutions well the world and all society develop better direction, and achieve continuous progress. freedom innovation cannot imagine how anemic world would without innovation. whether scientific technological, for products ideas, innovation like catalyst that integrates every element society into organic combination and operation, and provides continuous source power for social development and human progress. paraphrase william wallace braveheart, "every man dies, not every man really lives." innovation also requires freedom; breeds environment free speech, grows environment free productivity, and drives development forward free social environment. the freedom innovation that vds brings model for business innovation that breaks regional restrictions. where there are people, there network, and there will vds. anyone capable developing their business empire every corner the world through vds's unique smart contract technology. the innovation freedom brought vds opportunity break the centralized monopoly. longer need look forward free, centralized environment which rights are guaranteed and innovative results are rewarded because every trust problem will resolved easily under vds's decentralized network. everyone will innovate fair and autonomous environment. this the result the consensus the people. the freedom vds brings possesses the potential inspire all people and lead them into new era innovation. this era universal progress will ultimately promote the rapid development the whole world and all society. the best times. freedom networking the internet has been called the greatest invention mankind the century. has changed the way the world exists, the way information transmitted, well the way people communicate and even live. through the internet, see the world, speak our minds, and seem have more freedom than ever before. but the truth is, the internet not free thought would be. has never been freed from central surveillance and restrictions, upholds the bottom line the interests those with vested benefits. can said that each live state where are unwittingly supervised, where all our information completely open-wide, analyzed, and monitored elite few. the emergence vds will tackle all these problems. will become strategic network defend internet freedom and transplant the centralized internet decentralized network. hiding server information, super deep network built the blockchain. this decentralized anonymous network ecology, together with people who yearn for freedom, will strike down the restrictions the centralized network and free the internet freedom thought thought the most powerful tool for mankind. kind power, well the source eternal vitality, the soul development for all society. once the direction development society deviates from the consensus most people, new ideas come into being and lead people back the right track development for human civilization. the emergence decentralized thought inevitable outcome social development. like good dose medicine, annotation equality and freedom which allows clear sight the direction development for the future human civilization and brings infinite possibilities. believe the highest realm liberty the freedom thought, and the decentralized thinking brought blockchain magnifies this freedom infinitely, offering soil grow. the world more creative when the mind free. era active human thinking, prosperous culture and prolific art often era with freedom thought. prompts the positive thinking all mankind actively participate the process social development, and contribute the progress human civilization and social development. vds expects that providing the freedom wealth, freedom speech, freedom innovation, and freedom networking; altogether will establish free-thinking, consensus society. the blockchain ecosystem built vds, everyone has the ability free their minds and regain freedom thought. our thoughts, like bright stars, will shine achieve autonomous, democratic, and free society. each one capable creating the brighter future that accords with our own free will. nothing eternal, only thoughts will last forever. product design observe the development cryptocurrency over the last decade, find that what bitcoin has brought people not merely cut-and-dry new technology", but that there disruptive paradigm and exploration behind it. thereupon, continue explore and seek fair, balanced, credible way shape our new future. doubt, the idea "decentralization" not new. what can sure however, that this time, we've found new way apply this thinking reconstruct the social order that currently exists, that not constricted online and offline status, finance and interpersonal relationships. together, shall create complete ecology, brand-new dimension freedom. hope that vds not only embodies kind circulating currency blockchain industry, but also guides development more constructive manner through its core concept, decentralization. also wish bring true, comprehensive freedom the whole world through vds. every participant shall obtain pure freedom privacy, wealth, internet and thought without any restrictions from centralized institutions. however, the realization such freedom requires mature vds ecology, and mature ecology cannot achieved without joint efforts from its participants. only when enough people are involved the construction the vds ecology can the entire ecological network achieve safer, healthier, more stable and longer-lasting development; only involving more people can achieve thorough and long-lasting freedom. faith priceless, but not enough motivate people participate. order involve more participants the construction and expansion vds's ecological network, have provide all users the opportunity for more stable and lucrative revenues and rewards. vollar, which serves the standard unit currency within the vds ecology, carries mission great significance. the force driving stable development for the entire ecology, only when vollar able provide considerable benefits will more people wish participate the construction this ecological network. the current cryptocurrency industry internet-based financial market. experienced practitioners who follow the premises behind this internet model are clearly aware they need abide the user demands this financial market. the change price transaction medium affects market confidence. the financial market, the basic formula for the price traded product is: market cash flow medium exchange price total number transactions available the market the current period any trading market, the cash flow into the market directly related the number users participating. therefore, all our users will participate decentralized fission promotion, personally receiving revenues but also providing massive number users for the system. this benign solution that ensures cash flow. vollar's price increases, users will greatly motivated and actively engage fission expansion, which will exponentially increase the number users vds's ecological network. top this, large portion bitcoin serves fission promotion reward each block week stimulate more users participate the construction vds's ecological network. this bitcoin reward all hinges around the number bitcoin involved resonance trade. the higher the revenues that vollar brings, the more bitcoins will exchanged, and the more incentive there for new-user growth. more incentive there for new-user growth. know that the price medium exchange determined not only the cash flow into the market, but also the total number exchanges available the market the current period. vds's ecology, the construction super master nodes will bring considerable vollar revenue participants. vollar revenues increase, more and more participants will come understand its value and thus, order obtain more vollar, create more super master nodes. the increase super master nodes provides more stable network service for the vds ecology. additionally, there vollar deposit required run super master node. more master nodes are created more vollar will taken out circulation and used for these activation deposits, which serves greatly reduce the market supply vollar available for transactions- and this will stimulate price growth. addition, exponential user-growth within the vds ecosystem also accelerates the consumption vollar, thus multiplying the market demand for vollar and further reducing its total tradable amount the current period- forming circulative, continuous and steady rise value. along with the increasing value vollar, enormous number users will continue participate the expansion the vds ecological network. order keep users sticking with our product, are adding more features with meaningful functions into the ecology; for example, the most secure social chat application the world, network-wide advertising broadcasting system which accurately connects target users, blockchain-business function that connects commercial value, and otc function that securely connects global legal tenders. through these functions and applications, vollar's use-value will stand out people experience the vds ecology, which lays the foundation for vollar become universal currency the future. driven revenues from vollar and the concerted efforts large number participants, vds's ecological network will develop maturity rapidly; and mature vds ecology bound accompany all participants towards ultimate freedom. some people fight for freedom throughout their whole lives, never even obtaining death. we, however, are destined get board the vds dream train and head towards our future garden eden where there despair, but only hopes and dreams; centralized shackles, but only future unprecedented freedom. logo meaning design concept originating from the universe everything coexistence limitless future the vds logo journey eternal life, which embarks from the origin the universe and takes the freedom life its destination. the process which, the endless and infinite growth eternal life achieved. covers the symbiotic ideology all-encompassing yet homologous universe- that the world and all its living creatures are one origin. denotes kind order and opens future infinite possibilities. the flower life the origin life the power life the freedom life this logo symbolic graphic depiction the flower life composed water droplet standing for the origin life, the letter symbolize victory well the roman numeral for which signifies -dimensional integration, and arc representing smile well return the rights power and freedom every individual. the flower life the natural order, the space and balance limitless growth the flower life the foundational constituent the vds logo. extremely ancient totem possessing limitless energy, whose perfect ratio symbolizes the original shape and vibration the universe. also kind sacred geometry, blueprint for creation, constituent symbol life and universe, all-inclusive geometric symbol; the original source everything, spiritual flame pure consciousness, conceived from the depths the earth; human consciousness relies its existence for survival. represents the cycle life; from tree, blossom, fruition, seed, tree; everything universal, perfect, loving order. vds, just like the flower life, uses perfect design which contains the order the universe create perfect blueprint for the infinite future growth limitless energy, and breeds continuous yet harmoniously unified, self-sufficient blockchain ecology; denoting the beauty balance and infinity contained within the noncentralized consensus society full ecology future currency network. the water drop represents the origin life; containing life and thought, even one drop surges with power. the eyes god, all men are created equal. thus implying the order the universe both equal and just. every life bred into environment justice and equality; water the fairest medium this world. every drop water contains infinite elements life, satisfying the need every life and nourishing every living body. therefore, every drop water enriches the fertile grounds life; every drop collection life. believe that thought also alive. the crystallization life wisdom and the higher existence and continuation life. thought also needs nourished from the source life sprout its infinite vitality and release the mind's eternal luster. vds the source life and thought- one drop may arouse tidal waves; one drop also capable blooming infinite passion. represents the power life every challenge brings about perfect life metamorphosis life always completes sublimation from constant self-challenge, while thought achieves transcendence under continuous baptism. the process breeding new life and new thought, one must constantly experience challenge. every challenge destined become the clue and courage for influence and change our world, and ultimately lead the victory global revolution; complete the baptism life and thought, transmute higher, stronger level existence. vds once again presents such challenge life and thought, but more presents challenge for perfect personal metamorphosis. the arc represents life's smile freedom the pursuit freedom right life freedom, should innate right life. freedom unfortunately luxury that every life this world striving for. exhaust every minute and every second life defending our rights freedom, yet only the end life can truly obtain another kind freedom- excorporation. freedom the mission vds. let every life, every thought, born into the flower life, grown from the spring life, strongly toward life's every challenge. pluck the fruits true freedom; the freedom life, the freedom wealth, the freedom everything! here, not only defend the rights every life, but more lead every life and thought the walk towards true freedom. vds issuance v-dimension what vollar vollar the name for the basic unit circulation within the vds ecosystem, well its only commercial and financial medium exchange. vollar, aside from being used keep track the system's account records and make payments, also used activate vids, bid for vad network-wide spots, incentivizes the operation master nodes (which guarantee stability the network), well used run smart contracts within the system. why called vollar the u.s. dollar the dominant currency global centralized finance. the name vollar combines the ideas vds and the dollar form new concept, gesture the notion that vollar aims become the dominant "currency freedom" the future decentralized global finance. basic information total coins timestamping scheme mining algorithm block interval block size ,,, vollar pow equihash+scrypt seconds vollar vollar vollar vollar vollar vollar the final list elite candidates, the top vid addresses become hands freedom. vids can only vote once week. when discovered that the elite vid are supporting not qualified competent, can send vollar the address another vid recast our vote, and our vote will taken away from the hand freedom that had previously voted for. the appointment any hand freedom candidate comes from high degree consensus among all vids. under the guidance the hands freedom selected the community, the decision-making efficiency across the community will greatly improved. the first round voting will concluded the ,,th vds block height. the system will select the first vids which will serve the hands freedom and they will receive the community development-guiding funds. starting from the ,,th block, every block intervals the system will pay one hand freedom address, with -address payment cycle. the hand freedom fund pool must greater than equal vollar. the number less than vollar, distribution will postponed until later block when funds are greater than equal vollar. order make free and flexible election, the system will "re-elect" the hands freedom according each week's vote count, making the whole community democratic and free. may join hands together maintain healthy and stable development the vds chain. making good use this development-guiding fund requires great wisdom and going test the entire community. through the decentralized voting function, any vid has fair chance compete and become hand freedom and provide development guidance for the entire community. hand freedom who provides contributions has way help vds obtain healthy and stable development, and thus will lose qualification hand freedom. the rights determine this are completely the hands vid members. the more they dedicate, the more they'll get rewarded. the existence decentralized voting enables the vds chain grow into healthy, positive, democratic and autonomous community. hope that vds, supported full consensus and empowered the strength all, receives unlimited space for development. one day we'll all realize that only through the power love can vds fulfill its true purpose. scalable vds functions v-dimension super-deep web has been constructed within vds distributed, hidden servers and grafted decentralization into the centralized internet ecology, bringing both networking-freedom well high-quality internet experience. the centralized web, all activities are performed through servers, and all servers use addresses for network identification. these server-side transmitters work process network information for the centralized web, and the server providers most often have the technology monitor and take the information stored them. however, vds master nodes work distributed anonymous server network. addresses and port numbers are not provided information passes through, but instead vid addresses are used network ids, forming independent, anonymous network. all the activities this anonymous network, such web page requests and responses, are transferred across the network through countless distributed hidden servers that don't display addresses. there way for someone identify these servers, and even more way get the transmission path. this environment, all our network activities are safe. want visit website contents this anonymous network requires the assistance the vds webpage browser. also noted, our vid address serves our website address this anonymous environment. the centralized internet, when land website, the web address that type into the web-browser often looks like this: https://bitcoin.org/ however, using the vds web browser visit websites, the web addresses entered will look like this: vds://feelfree.vcihithbopqmrhjktgvdjey/ this means vid can used create website domain name. any vid holder can through this anonymous network and create their own private website. build website, necessary that your server equipped with the vds server-end wallet, perform synchronization become full node, and maintain smooth network connectivity. the release the vds webpage browser important milestone the formation the vds ecology. once finally mature, will have formed into completely decentralized, anonymous, distributed network; well super-deep web based cryptography and blockchain technology. this important development required maintain social networking freedom. the age the centralized internet that see today will changed, forming into absolutely private internet space that will belong everyone thirsty for freedom. due the fact that certain parts this content are connected the confidentiality this project, are unable disclose more information here. thank you for your understanding and patience, promise you will marveling more disruptive designs and technologies from vds the near future. when the vds browser tool goes online, announcement will made from the official vds website xxxxxxxxxxx, please stay tuned! according reports the world economic forum, the year global gdp will stored through blockchain technology. numerous governments have made reports blockchain and just the last years, over blockchain products have come out. google search for blockchain will yield over million results. even more noteworthy that this field technology attracts huge investment. risky investments startups have continued climb, reaching billion usd capital raised through icos (the blockchain-unique fundraising channel), has already soared over billion usd. casting aside any kinds promotional stunts however, the true applications blockchain technology appear quite thin. the blockchain market has only just begun sprout, and even more has completely clear commercial trajectory. with this market background and relying the concept decentralization, the vds blockchain business contract function has opened the door whole new world for blockchain business applications. blockchain business contracts are the unique smart contract system within vds. suppliers all over the globe can register their receiving address for payment the vds chain, set smart contract commission ratios, and activate blockchain business contracts. through these smart contracts, merchants register their own receiving address under their trust stamp system and set distribution ratios smart contract commissions one step, creating their very own blockchain consensus sales network. all vid users the trust stamp network make purchases through merchants that have activated blockchain business contract, then the directly-connected vids above this vid the trust stamp system can all receive the merchant's blockchain business contract commission. example alice merchant with activated blockchain business contract; she has set the commission ratio bob buys from alice, then the directly connected vids above bob's trust stamp system may rewarded commission. this design stimulates product promotion because any vid wants receive the commission must share the seller's product with the vids within its trust stamp system. this the equivalent resting easy enormous, global sales team. all vid users may draw the support blockchain business contracts convert every vid trust stamp system into its very own consumer-capital. example alice merchant with activated blockchain business contract; she has set the commission ratio david wants receive alice's commission. therefore, david made promotions for alice's product all the vids within his trust stamp system. when any vid within david's trust stamp system consumes alice's product, david will receive commission, and all the vids within his trust stamp system may regarded david's consumer-capital. illustration: multiple vids from david's trust stamp system buy from alice. this consumption will bring david large commission reward. vollar commodity vollar vollar vollar commodity the real-life application vds's blockchain business contracts, they can used diversify consumption. this highly fuses blockchain technology with daily life. consumers can completely use vollar through blockchain business contracts make consumer payments. can all create unique blockchain business contracts complete series interconnected payments, regardless for fast food medical bill. the same way, suppliers may also acquire large group consumers via vds's bidding function provide clients with more convenient service and experience; well quick promotions through trust stamp system with the simple set commission. after combining all the other vds functions, anybody could concisely integrate their current resources complete consumer purchases sales. this also works for virtual products. consumers can buy and sell coupons and digital accessories for video games directly inside vds through blockchain business smart contracts. regardless what size the consumer's payment is, every single payment will executed accurately according contract stipulations; the supply-demand relations and promotion methods are extremely clear. are able complete the flow funds all categories with more efficient, flexible and convenient means. large shopping platforms may proceed further with in-depth developments and applications for vds blockchain business contracts; and integrate them into the payment system shopping platforms. when new users complete registration, corresponding receiving addresses for the chain business contract will generated. this extremely disruptive blockchain industry practice compared with traditional shopping platforms transfers every additional new user into the marketing promotion force. based vds smart contracts, blockchain business contracts constitute valuesharing, decentralized model commerce implanting them into each vid and the interpersonal relationships under its trust stamp system. any merchant can set commission distribution via smart contracts under noncentralized conditions, and activate promotion initiatives every vid via the trusting relationship established within blockchain. vids share sales commissions obtained from products and services, help merchants acquire steady stream consumers, and promote sales goods services. high-quality products will promoted more vigorously increase product sales, which shall also overturn the existing "centralized-business" way thinking. every vid will establish its own ecological circle business inside vds- reshaping the blueprint for global business empire through the decentralized paradigm. the lightning network cryptocurrency has massive advantages. safe. completely controlled us. however, using for daily payments, also faced with big challenge; the speed for making payments just too slow. every single cent pay out needs get line the blockchain, waiting for miners broadcast and record the transaction. the rate which payments can made completely decided miners. you can alternatively pay high handler's fee make transaction rates faster, but resolving this way leaves huge possibility that when you starbucks and use cryptocurrency buy cup coffee, just make fast transaction, the handler's fee will greatly exceed the cost the coffee itself. for cryptocurrency, improving transaction speeds necessary for its use daily payments. otherwise, will probably very hard for cryptocurrency compete with visa other payment methods. the emergence the lightning network allows cryptocurrency usable for day-to-day payments, setting its development more perfect direction. the lightning network opens payment channel setting multi-signature wallet containing set amount cryptocurrency, and then setting savings wallet address the blockchain payment channel. possessing this payment channel, every party can complete unlimited number transactions, however each these transactions will not published the blockchain. after all the planned transactions are done the final balances will saved the blockchain and each party can recover their wallet balances. simply said, the lightning network method which similar preloading certain addresses with funds, allowing direct transactions between users rather than spreading every transaction worldwide. with this method, the two transacting parties are able avoid highly expensive and slow interactions the blockchain, and instead may make fast and cheap payments direct way. vds holds open attitude towards the lightning network and will continue optimization upgrades after the initiation its main chain. vds will also support the lightning network that transactions are more rapid and convenient. the lightning network provides vds with scalable micropayment channel. tremendously improves vds's ability handle off-block transactions. both parties transaction have preset payment channel the blockchain, they can make multiple, rapid-confirmation, high frequency, two-way micropayments. even there direct peer-to-peer payment channel between two parties, the lightning network can use payment path formed multiple payment channels achieve reliable transfer funds between the two parties. fission promotions and the lottery v-dimension fission promotions and the lottery there are lot sophisticated designs vds. through the interaction these designs, vds's ecology more balanced and enriched with vitality, which brings friendly user-experience vds users and adds flair entertainment. know that resonance trade one-way cross blockchain conversion btc vds. through resonance trade, each participant can make exchanges obtain the most cost-effective vollar, making the bitcoin that was traded yield higher overall legal tender value. this kind financial balancing mechanism within the vds ecology. therefore, vds has acquired large number bitcoin for this conversion design. order make vds form perfect internal financial and network ecology cycle, and order follow the decentralized design principles, vds will directly distribute the bitcoin raised during resonance trade the winners the fission game and the lottery. call these winning vid holders the vds game fission top and light master node lucky respectively. the vid holders these two lists provide considerable support for the increase vds users and total number master nodes, ensuring strong financial circulation and network service within vds. game rules there are two distinct phase types the vds game, the genesis phase and the regular phase. after the vds chain online, blocks serve the genesis game (also known the genesis phase). then from block on, every blocks will serve regular game (also known regular phase). from block on, these regular phases (regular games) will continue indefinitely. every game including the genesis game will produce total vid addresses from the combined fission top and light master node lucky the next game (the next blocks) the bitcoin produced during resonance trade will distributed. the fission top kind competition, and the lucky lottery game over bitcoin distribution rights. they will each split bitcoin resonated within the following game. fission top and light master node lucky rules: fission top bitcoin the catalyst for vds trust stamp system fission. through bitcoin trades, fission promotion the vds trust stamp system will gain enormous power. the entire vds trust stamp system will expand exponentially like the cells embryo, serving bring massive user base into the vds system. this fission produced user base perpetuates inward cashflows for the vds ecology, and thus support vollar's market value. this the healthy ecological circulation free-market currency. every vid user can participate these trust stamp network fission games. you can say this real version the ready player one competition, but decentralized and based blockchain. the winner gets the bitcoin rewards produced resonance trade for blocks (about week's time). all the players' scores will wiped clear the end every game, and then the next game starts afresh. how the game scored order make the game fair for both new and old users, vds has designed system which based each player's own trust stamp system. the system creates weighted score based the level that new vid was added onto, the further down the level is, the lower the score. once the game finished, the total weighted score each vid will calculated and the system will determine the fission top winners. the weighted score provided each level given below: level number top lucky note: any newly added vids within the levels under vid will contribute its weighted score each game. matter the vid direct indirect invite, the system will calculate its weighted score. any them have the same weighted score when the system calculates the top the following criteria will help decide the final ranking. the event the weighted scores more vids come draw, the system will deem that the player with the highest number direct invites may enter the top the event more vids also have draw their number direct invites, the system will count the vollar amount held under each vid determine which one will enter the top the event the amount vollar that each vid possess also equal, the system will use another scoring system; the vollar balance all utxos under each private key will multiplied the number blocks (the length time) that the vollar been stored for. the vid with the highest score will win. summarize, when vids have the same weighted score top competition, vds will first look which invited more users into vds. whoever has the most invites will receive the top there still tie, the system will check who holds the most vollar, the vid who has more trust the value vds will get the top the tie still remains after that, the system will check who has held their currency for the longest period time. whoever most optimistic about the long-term development vds will enter the top game rewards distribution: the system divides the bitcoin produced resonance trade among the fission top vids every blocks (approximately week's time). calculate each top player's reward ratio, all the direct invites the top players are summed together after each game. the percent ratio bitcoin reward that each top player receives is; the proportion direct invitations she has divided that sum total vids directly invited the top light master node lucky the initial stage, bitcoin used light master node lottery reward bring flair entertainment. this will increase the number master nodes, which will provide important stability and safety the vds network the beginning, and lay the foundation for the creation more service applications the future. vid users who have completely filled the spots the first level their trust stamp system become sprout vid. with sprout vid, the system unlocks the "create chat group" and "create light master node" functions. after attaining sprout vid status, users can setup their light master nodes through the vds client side wallet master node function. note: please refer the whitepaper contents titled "master node" for more details regarding light master node setup requirements. the lottery the light master node lottery separated into two steps. first light master node alternative list must created, the next step that light master node vids are randomly drawn from the list win the lottery. light master node alternative list every game, after each block, the system makes network wide consensus judge which light master node has provided the most service, and enters the list. the alternative list every game has spots. the light master nodes can listed multiple times. the more service they provide, the higher their chances being put the list. the lucky light master node drawing: the last block every game, lucky light master node vid addresses are chosen random from the alternative list. "lucky" light master node may not selected twice within the same game. note: repeated drawing any the lucky light master node winners permitted across different games. the more time light master node spends online, the higher its service the system is, and the more its odds winning rewards increase. however, the actual selection from the lucky alternative list completely random. lottery rewards distribution every blocks, the bitcoin produced from resonance trade will distributed the lucky light master node vid addresses. these lucky vid addresses, which have met all requirements, split the bitcoin rewards for the game evenly. icex v-dimension icex and cex vds, resonance trade divided into two phases, the icex phase and the cex phase. icex aimed developing the market the early stages the vds project, however this public offering also offers way freely set the initial market price vollar. the first currency conversion multiplier phase icex (initial coin exchange here, signifies this high-multiplier phase, icex designed directly multiply the power your investment and provide the top vds investment opportunity for professional cryptocurrency investors. after icex finished block the vds chain will automatically switch cex (coin exchange x). this resonance trade's regular phase, the sustainable currency exchange stage. this phase longer multiplies your currency; here the "x" still indicates limitless currency circulation. according the market's natural changes, participants may continuously perform bitcoin vollar conversions. this operation increases the legal tender value the traded-in bitcoin. icex rules after the vds chain begins, blocks serve the icex resonance trade stage. icex divided into three phases. since the beginning there are fission top lucky light master nodes, all the bitcoin exchanged into vollar the icex participants will directed fixed public btc address. the address is: vvvvvvvzychkuginfxunfgnkqwfuvp. icex- icex- block ,-, block ,-, block total, million vollar will pre-mined from the vds chain. from this, vollar will serve the initial funds the v-pool, vollar will airdropped, and will serve initial vds ecology development capital. the initial bitcoin vollar exchange ratio the resonance v-pool :,. v-pool btc voller for detailed information regarding the resonance trade function, please refer the resonance trade section the white paper. that say: phase one the icex, one bitcoin can most exchanged for vollar. bitcoin resonated during icex, the amount vollar the vpool will decrease, and thus the conversion ratio will decrease well. for detailed information regarding the resonance trade function, please refer the resonance trade section the white paper. the resonated bitcoin: rules and regulations the difference between icex and traditional ico that bitcoin converted into vollar not used towards product r&d, but after vds online, the bitcoin traded into the resonance v-pool each game given directly the fission top and lucky light master nodes perfect stability across the entire vds network and drive the market during the initial period development. block icex also the initial game phase the vds chain. during this period, the winning addresses for the trust stamp network fission top competition and the lucky light master node lottery this period will generated block the bitcoin raised through vds will also directly paid through the resonance trade for the first time blocks ,-,. the bitcoin raised during icex will averaged into portions for the block weeks (each block week being blocks). this -week period called the vds spring rain plan. blocks ,-, the vds chain, /rds the resonated bitcoin dispersed among the winners the first game. from there on, after every game, /rd the bitcoin will enter resonance trade, continuing for games, dispersing the raised bitcoin until all used up. the bitcoin raised during icex will re-resonated that can then dispersed the system the winning addresses. all the vollar received this process will serve promotion fund for public charities. the vds address generated from the btc address, which was used during icex, will serve this charity fund address. the address is:vcrmjjdzyxvyftxewtjhrknqgyotnu. this address only accepts vollar donations and shall used cover the cost videos made video production teams who wish promote certain social cause their choice. all videos will broadcast network-wide through vad. hope this activity will help awaken the power love the hearts our society, and together improve this weary world ours. clear details and requirements can found the official vds dark web site's ecology task list. vds ecology v-dimension initial ecological establishment fund we've divided the ecological development vds into three phases; the first phase that its initial ecological establishment, the second phase that full ecological formation, and the third phase where vds has become autonomous, democratic community. initial ecological establishment stage this first phase the project has just started portion pre-mined vollar used for vds's initial ecological establishment fund open, transparent way ensure rapid implementation basic ecological cooperation. total vollar has been allocated for the initial establishment the vds ecology and shall used clear web establishment rewards, exchange platform rewards, mining pool rewards, blockchain superstar super master node creation rewards, the consensus society freedom enlightenment reward, and market data platform listing rewards. total ecological construction vollar vollar mining pools vollar super master node creation vollar market data platforms vollar enlightenment reward vollar exchange platforms vollar clear web specific allocations vds's initial ecological development fund plan are given below: clear web site establishment rewards the total rewards shared for clear web establishment vollar, and will issued across vds block weeks. each block week blocks), the current year's weekly rewards (which can found the table below) will divided among all the clear web sites which have met necessary standards. the clear web establishment reward process follows: after establishing clear web site, the builder must through vds and publish the clear web site information the vad bidding system, write down the clear web site address, well the vds address (must non-anonymous) used receive the reward, and maintain normal website operations. any individual allowed obtain the clear web site codes and materials provided the vds team. please follow the instructions listed the vds clear web site tutorial. vdsvvvxxmxpssszd.onion there limitation the region quantity established vds clear web sites. all clear web sites that meet the requirements will share the corresponding weekly rewards. specifics are listed below: information integrity must guaranteed for any clear web site. any amendments that against standards will result failure obtain rewards. connectivity strength tests for the clear web sites will performed each block-week the vds team. order ensure healthy ecological development, the clear web sites with the lowest connection strength will disqualified for rewards. all qualifying clear web sites will displayed the deep web official website. exchange platform rewards the total rewards shared among exchanges who list vollar for trade vollar. this will distributed among the top exchanges that have been white-listed vds. rewards will allocated according the time they begin putting vollar for trade. the earlier they put vollar for trade, the higher the reward. specifics are listed below. please refer the appendix find the whitelisted exchange platforms. the exchange platform reward process follows. the exchange must publish announcement that will list vollar for trade its official website. the exchange must also through the vad network-wide broadcast system make announcement that vollar for trade, attaching hyperlink that directs the announcement made well the vds address that the reward should to, then list vollar for trade described the online announcement. within the first week the announcement that vollar has been launched exchange, the vds team will verify whether not vollar trading normally. after verifying everything normal, the vds team will send the vollar reward the published address, then make announcement through the vad network wide broadcast system that vollar trading normally, and that vds has sent the reward well published the transfer record. blockchain superstar super master node creation the total rewards shared among blockchain superstars (think people like roger ver and vitalik buterin) who create our super master nodes will vollar. this will distributed the first industry superstars who create super master nodes. rewards will allocated according who makes their super master nodes first. these first-movers will each rewarded vollar. please refer the appendix find all whitelisted blockchain superstars. the blockchain superstar super master node creation reward process follows. the superstar must publish announcement that he/she has created super master node from the social media account given the whitelist. they must also through the vad bidding system announce super master node creation and attach the receiving vds address that the reward should to. within the first week that superstar has made the announcement, the vds team will verify whether the master node has been created successfully. after successful verification, the team will send the vollar reward the superstar's published vds address, then make announcement through the vad broadcasting system that this superstar has created super master node, and that vds has sent the reward well published the transfer record. consensus society freedom enlightenment reward the founding father bitcoin, satoshi nakamoto the torchbearer the decentralized, free consensus society. he, she, they have not only brought decentralized thinking- disruptive paradigm through which may view the world, but also enabled build decentralized consensus society freedom, and come realize promising future equality and freedom. order pay tribute satoshi nakamoto for his contributions the whole world, will send vollar the vds address that corresponds satoshi nakamoto's btc address reward for his/her/their enlightenment towards free consensus. the satoshi nakamoto btc address must first participate resonance trade. once satoshi nakamoto's corresponding vds address generated, vds will deposit the vollar, then make announcement through the vad broadcasting system that the vds team has sent satoshi nakamoto's reward and published the transfer record. mining pool rewards the total reward shared among mining pools vollar. this will distributed the top whitelisted mining pool platforms. rewards will dispersed according the time they begin contributing mining power--the earlier they contribute, the higher the reward. specifics are listed below: please refer the appendix find the whitelisted mining pools and allocation ratios the mining pool reward process follows. the mining pool platform must publish announcement that will begin mining vollar its official website. the mining pool must also through the vad network-wide broadcast system make announcement that the mining pool will begin mining vollar, attaching hyperlink that directs the announcement made well the vds address that the reward should to, then begin mining described the online announcement. within the first week the announcement that the mining pool has added its hash power, the vds team will verify whether not vollar mining operating normally. after verifying everything normal, vds will send the vollar reward the published address, then make announcement through the vad network-wide broadcast system that the mining pool online, and that vds has sent the reward well published the transfer record. market data platform rewards the total rewards shared among market data platforms who post vollar data vollar. this will distributed among the top market data platforms that have been whitelisted vds. rewards will dispersed according the time they begin displaying vds market data. the earlier they post vds information, the higher the reward. specifics are listed below. please refer the appendix find the whitelisted market data platforms. the market data platform reward process follows. the platform must publish announcement that vollar data will displayed its official website. the market data platform must also through the vad network-wide broadcast system make announcement that vollar market data will displayed, attaching hyperlink that directs the announcement made well the vds address that the reward should to, then display vollar data described the online announcement. within the first week the announcement that vollar has been displayed, the vds team will verify whether not vollar data displayed normally. after verifying everything normal, the vds team will send the vollar reward the published address, then make announcement through the vad network-wide broadcast system that this market data platform has already displayed vollar market data, and that vds has sent the reward well published the transfer record. the development phases vds the decentralized power the vds ecology will redefine the way the centralized world works well provide new consensus and enlightenment how every aspect society operates. whether it's wealth formation completely new way doing business, privacy and security networking freedom, vds has the ability ignite civilization and promote consensus society freedom. therefore, fully forming the vds ecology has always been the direction aiming. the end all agreed that the real formation vds's ecological network requires that the following basic conditions met: vds reaches million vid users basic condition support the ecology that cannot separated from user participation they determine the real value and activity the whole ecology. facebook's current corporate valuation billion and its million daily active users are enough make the most influential and widely-used social application the world. estimate that the time number vids using secret chat reaches million, sufficient enough vitality will have been gained provide the fundamental support required for other segments this ecology. capacity exchange major currencies worldwide the lifeline the cryptocurrency economy, cash flow plays key role the ecological growth the whole project. the more abundantly cash flows run into its economy, the stronger the value-driving force the project. similarly, the more types legal tender vds connected with, the more cash flow channels forms provide sufficient basis for currency exchange and circulation. also increases the volume capital flowing into the economy. the world's largest third-party payment platform, paypal now able connect with more than legal tenders globally. believe that once vds has converted twice many legal tenders paypal and connects with legal tenders worldwide, will become the best channel circulate global currencies and will enough support its business ecology. thanks the formation decentralized financial ecology, everyone can become more active participation and eventually achieve the global connectivity all legal tenders. connect with merchants worldwide the number merchants vds determines the economic vitality and currency usevalue for the whole ecology. present, the number amazon merchants has exceeded million and its real sales volume the highest the world. are aiming make the number merchants the vds ecology (,) amazon's, which enough make vds the most influential decentralized e-commerce retail network, completely activate the ecology's potential consumer-power, and demonstrate the ecology's commercial value. behalf decentralized commerce, vds will demonstrate its disruptive power over centralized commerce. formation vds super merchants the prosperity business stimulates ecological scale-ups. once total core merchants vds providing quality goods and services reaches certain number, the entire ecology will synergize. even amazon, the world's top e-commerce platform, has only core merchants. once the number super merchants activating blockchain business contracts within the ecology reaches this number, have reason believe that from vds's huge user-base and excellent financial design, trading volume and total transactions will exceed many current centralized mainstream e-commerce platforms and find incredible increase market value. in-ecology dapps exceed and touch industries aside from changing the centralized commercial structure, vds ecology dapps and their developers are fully capable changing operations more fields around the world. far, the number effective dapps ethereum with total value billion but there's real impact. vds not only plans outnumber ethereum its total number dapps, but also make its total dapps market value three times that ethereum's and exceed billion. meanwhile, benefiting from the circulatory action the whole ecology, these dapps will cast far-reaching influence more than industries and fields including insurance, health, energy, catering, services, media, education, manufacturing and public welfare. super master nodes the vds freedom network the ultimate change vds brings the global network the realization internet freedom. the space has constructed anonymous network beyond the centralized internet- super deep web. the dream promote migration from the centralized internet this decentralized network and thus meet the basic demand freedom network that belongs everyone. once vds super master nodes created exceeds then free and stable network environment will provided with carryingcapacity for over websites. vds will bring everyone the full network freedom experience. so, what's the next step for vds achieve these six goals? six major network-systems were ingeniously designed support these six major developments which are crucial for the rapid development vds. these six major network systems are given below: value-sharing, private peer-to-peer network- solve the problem insuficient users anonymous cryptocurrency superconducting financial network- solve the problem legal tender channels full-coverage, information bidding network- solve the problem connecting supply and demand consumer-capital embedded smart business system- solve the problem promoting consumption highly-scalable social cooperation system- solve the problem bringing additional applications virtual, international network freedom and co-existence--to solve the problem networking freedom the value-sharing, private peer-to-peer network user-volumes will longer problem. era where internet users are king, the expansion ecology requires the participation everyone. through the innovative trust stamp system, vds has built completely decentralized, multi-level, interpersonal fission promotion system based blockchain technology. vds has used the innovative trust stamp network build completely decentralized multi-level fission promotion system blockchain technology. guarantees consensus trust between users, and will increase exponentially current users are driven find more new users with financial rewards. vds taking the over million global bitcoin users who were holding more bitcoin their accounts according the ledger snapshot block the initiators the trust stamp system. from the very start, vds has spread every corner the world and covers wide range usergroups. resonance trade one-way bitcoin vollar exchange channel. bitcoins generated from exchanges become the reward for the trust stamp system fission competition. bitcoin rewards the vids with biggest fission score. large bitcoin rewards will serve constantly stimulate users' enthusiasm participate which further promotes the expansion vds users. vds has made secret chat system that operates through its anonymous, distributed master node network. allows users manage their own trust stamp system and hold highly private conversations with friends, all the same time. this will serve well help keep users sticking with vds, convert every user into loyal user, and ensure the ecology maintains both rapid and stable development. vds will abide the internet's unchanging principles, and once its huge user base has been reached, will prove itself app that yields truly high level social value. the cryptocurrency superconducting anonymous financial network connecting global legal tenders will longer problem. vds has achieved distributed otc exchange combining smart contracts onto chat groups the secret chat function. vollar used the primary medium exchange perform frictionless transactions with currencies across the globe. vid users can join multiple legal tender exchange groups and convert their vollar into any legal tender the world. since this method involves peer-to-peer, personal bank account transfers between two parties, legal tender remittances are completely dispersed and the centralized financial structure has way lock them up. furthermore, real-name verifications, aml, and kyc are fully the discretion the buyer and seller attempting make the transaction. some group administrators may also set this requirement their otc, but any rate vds decentralized, these kinds decisions are totally the hands the individuals working together. this eliminates friction cryptocurrency exchanges caused centralized finance and allows vollar trades completed without the reliance any third-party exchange platforms. global legal tender channels have been linked for the entire cryptocurrency industry, opening currency channel freedom. additionally, the anonymous transaction function vds utilizes zero-knowledge proof technology completely conceal account addresses the blockchain, which ensures that users' wealth both private and secure, well brings freedom cryptocurrency and legal tenders. anonymity strong demand for cryptocurrency users and the anonymous cryptocurrency superconducting financial network has combined numerous advantages bring never-before-seen experience wealth freedom its users. this forms the financial basis the entire vds ecology and allows users perform their cryptocurrency operations state completely void centralized constraints. independent economic entity, vds will able continuously expand its net market value global currencies flow in. this will allow vollar maintain greater price stability over time and fulfill its purpose becoming global, decentralized currency. full coverage distributed bidding information network business vitality within the ecology will longer problem. vds's large user-base and secure, barrier-free payments are two rather necessary foundations, but they are not enough make vollar become future cryptocurrency, one that universally-accepted across all business environments. although its value high, and although merchants are ready accept cryptocurrency payments, they are unable find adequate base currency holders, which has put what you could call informational resistance buying and selling behaviors. the full-coverage, distributed, bidding information network allows merchants accurately target vollar holders via decentralized broadcasts. this enables both sides supply and demand reach convenient, effective, and fast connections inside the vds ecology, well stimulate the rapid development commercial activity. meanwhile, the surge from other various financial elements will allow vollar itself become even more valuable. vollar's appreciation value also implies that more merchants will willing accept payment. these merchants will also able accurately find target users through vad (the distributed bidding information network) well send their products and services directly vds user wallets, which forms vds into powerful business ecology. consumer-capital embedded smart business system the selling power super merchants will longer problem. vds will spur commerce and accelerate the circulation various economic elements inside the vds ecology through legitimate connection between both sides supply and demand. we've also deepened the vds business ecosystem through our unique smart contract-- the blockchain business contract. all the merchants that have activated blockchain business contracts become super-merchants inside the vds ecology and will obtain enormous consumption-power generated from user support. this then becomes absolute selling potential for these super merchants. any user able convert consumers from their trust stamp system into consumption capital using these blockchain business contracts. this will effectively stimulate retail consumption the entire ecology, well help merchants obtain enormous promotion, sharing, and selling potentials inside their trust stamp system. this not only makes vollar valuable form payment, but also facilitator cooperation. brings new system that reunites business and allows develop with more freedom and vitality. these blockchain business contracts let vds evolve into balanced, positive and circulative ecology. merchants will provide consumers with competitive-priced products and services free-market environment, and may also allow consumers gain profit promoting products. this business environment completely dominated consumers. its decentralized nature disrupts the entire traditional internet business and promotes benign business development. this the charm decentralization. highly-scalable social cooperation system realizing the value behind apps will longer problem. the future, vds will collaborative network, meaning will maintain quick and effective collaboration for organization, production and creation across the network. blockchain technology allows things cooperate, exchange units value such resources, time and money; and reconfigure supply chains and production processes based shared supply and demand information. this signals future where anyone who wants create capture value will have participate this collaborative network. blockchain technology the key turn our global collaborative network into reality. vds's highly-scalable automated smart-contract system roughly the same that ethereum smart contracts and will meet the needs dapp developers. meanwhile, the distributed anonymous vds ecology will open environment with more freedom for all developers. this manifestation respect for innovative ideas. developers are welcome unleash their imagination, reveal their creativity, their new ideas, and contribute innovation all fields and industries with their privacy and security guaranteed. all developers will obtain enormous number users and able promote dapps every user through vad. this function will greatly improve the dapp user conversion rate, help developers improve their dapp's true use-value, and allow the value their creativity actually emerge. world with higher level fairness, freedom and collaboration will open its arms more dapps permeate and take their roles all fields the world. the virtual, international network freedom and co-existence. real network freedom will longer problem. the future bound era dominated virtualization. the entire internet community will evolve into virtual international society. each and every one will participate this augmented reality. the centralization the internet present makes hard for see autonomous and free future. before the arrival this virtual international network freedom and co-existence comes, necessary build decentralized network that allow all the absolute freedom security, and vds making happen. the construction the virtual international network freedom and co-existence relies distributed anonymous nodes function servers. all master nodes provide network service such data operation and information transmission, without storing users' relevant information. instead exposing addresses and port numbers, these servers use vid addresses network identifiers. thus, since the creation each vid does not require personal information authentication, the whole network has high degree anonymity and security. the vid addresses will also used web addresses once the vds anonymous web browser launched. each vid functions domain name, and can build our own websites this anonymous network. vds the first blockchain project the world use public key addresses websites. have confidence that will help all people who yearn for internet freedom create the miracle the future the decentralized internet. the virtual international network freedom and co-existence matures and stabilizes, all risks and hidden dangers from the centralized internet will eliminated. can participate networking and other activities with privacy and security, which matters lot. when virtualization fundamentally changes the future the world, you'll amazed vds's advanced design. under the influence these six major network systems, vds has carried out the planning and integration interpersonal communication, free-finance, commercial connections, consumer-capital, application implementations, and networking freedom; and the process, nurtured non-centralized freedom ecology where everyone may completely free themselves from the restrictions centralization and solve many its associated problems. these six major network systems will allow create noncentralized consensus society full-ecology future currency network, build active-and-thriving decentralized ecology business freedom, and co-establish brand-new decentralized consensus society freedom. let's all embrace this consensus society privacy, security, value-sharing, freedom, and democracy; world sunshine, love, and hope! the noncentralized autonomous community bitcoin the pioneer cryptocurrency, but more importantly, has created progressive path for people. what bitcoin has bestowed upon not merely new payment method way thinking about finance- most important all, has found way create consensus. the greatest power cryptocurrency that has formed decentralized, autonomous community that everyone can join in. big reason for the success bitcoin that sufficiently decentralized. the disappearance satoshi nakamoto and its open-source code were both critical its success garnering public support. they make independent community that depends consensus for selfgovernance. the epitome truly decentralized consensus society where one charge but everyone responsible. this consensus society prototype model worth drawing from both today and future generations come. so, following the example bitcoin has set, hope create team-less blockchain ecology with center nor centralized power, and create free consensus society for everyone. therefore, have added mechanism vds ensure that after the vds development team withdraws from the guiding role, the ecology still develops healthily according the consensus all participants. it's called the automonous noncentralized voting system. when the vds chain reaches its ,,th block height, the system will automatically start this noncentralized voting function. this decision-making mechanism which allows fully-open participation for vds members. all vids vds are allowed elect hands freedom through the autonomous noncentralized voting system each week. these hands freedom act facilitators the vds blockchain, maintain healthy stable development vds, and provide services for all vds users. through this autonomous noncentralized voting system, any vid has fair chance selected hand freedom and make contributions the entire community. similarly, any hand freedom who provides contributions and creates value has way help vds obtain healthy and stable development, and will thus lose qualification hand freedom. this enables vds grow into healthy, positive, democratic and autonomous consensus community, and obtain unlimited development and infinite continuity through full consensus all members. through this autonomous noncentralized voting system, any vid has fair chance selected hand freedom and make contributions the entire community. similarly, any hand freedom who provides contributions and creates value has way help vds obtain healthy and stable development, and will thus lose qualification hand freedom. this enables vds grow into healthy, positive, democratic and autonomous consensus community, and obtain unlimited development and infinite continuity through full consensus all members. vds does not belong any individual organization, owned every member mankind who wishes anonymous. noncentralized free-consensus autonomy tremendously disruptive paradigm. while most blockchain projects are still under centralized control, vds's voting mechanism ensures the ecology develops accordance with the wishes all. the powers decentralization, vds brings the world back environment love and respect, freedom and equality. each one will embrace true freedom this more-perfect world. the vds vision vds not only blockchain system which integrates social network, commerce and finance; the underlying architecture completely distributed network anonymous servers. this will gradually form vds into completely new anonymous internet ecology. the birth this ecology not only provides people with comprehensive use experience, but also enables vds better integrate into everyone's life. the vds anonymous network, not only can all the application functions the internet realized, but also hub connecting the virtual with reality, emotion and material, well space and time. the original intention and mission vds create more wonderful world for everyone, and bring ultimate internet freedom. currently, there lack blockchain project trying all kinds methods take off. even still, none have formed perfect ecological foundation. the schema most people have towards blockchain stops "cryptocurrency" and continues with sweepingly grandiose vocabulary; never thinking from fully decentralized perspective, fully integrate the internet with the purpose bringing about truly disruptive paradigm shift. even though smart contracts offer more hopes and possibilities, many dapp developers have responded with disappointing results. they are limited their number users, and thus unable effectively connect user groups, resulting their inability create any applicational value. this fatal limitation. vast number developers are need more dynamic and complete, open platform that truly reflects our wisdom and creativity. vds's design derived from respect for mankind; through open-source platform and the cooperation everyone. the blockchain stresses "consensus", but before consensus there needs adequate number people who have come together with the same dream. therefore, vds needs more participants, more creators work collectively and add little more perfection into the structure the vds ecology. believe that the more people's dreams are connected through the vds ecology, the closer come better future for everyone. have never doubted that there are sincere and valuable dreams behind the technologies that promote human progress. vds open source that may stimulate more creativity, guide the ecology more mature, dynamic, and humanized direction. through the participation every developer, more and more extensive and convenient application scenarios will made available. developers may use vds fertile ground for dreams, place practice whatever they wish. the same time, believe that the more people's dreams are connected through the vds ecology, the closer come better future for everyone. this foundation, developers can make rapid product promotions through vad, making their own products/applications rapidly come fruition. aside from this, excellent developers and applications will gain exceptional attention from vds. will spare efforts help excellent developers teams promote their application projects free charge bring about its widespread application and value-emergence. wish attract masterminds through vds and again expand the value this ecology which belongs each and every one us. when participate the vds ecology, make important link the ecology. this because are not only deciding the future development the products created, but also capable guiding the future the vds ecology. now that have the power shape ecological values, need shoulder more responsibilities. assuming you have never before contributed open-source project, then please remember the words john kennedy, "ask not what your country can for you, but what you can for your country". putting this principle the ecology vds, not ask what the community can for you, ask what you can for this community, because every single one part it. the meaning open-source that the entire ecology forged and built each and every participant and developer. all the developers create its value through wisdom and hard work. sharing and community-wide benefit are the quintessence open sourcing. all have stake the vds ecology, and are jointly starting path the future. the ecology will integrate the wisdom each active participant and expand broader horizon. this also the spiritual advocacy the earliest open-sourcing world, everyone contributes wisdom and strength, give the application that has been developed the ability serve more people. won't long until everyone this world discovers the efforts vds, kind power distilled from wisdom. project roadmap v-dimension establishment the noncentralized financial promotions group direction set for the noncentralized full-ecology future currency network initial development product concept and logic initial development underlying framework product functions upgrade architecture underlying technological framework completed confirmation the non-centralized consensus society full-ecology future currency network program project officially named v-dimension vds vds development complete, final testing carried out appendix and references v-dimension fission promotions and the lottery s.nakamoto:"bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system", buterin, ethereum: next-generation smart contract and decentralized application platform", paul sztorc: "market empiricism". casey detrio: "smart markets for smart contracts", goldman sachs: blockchain-putting theory into practice shafi goldwasser, silvio micali and charles rackoff: the knowledge complexity interactive proof-systems". nick szabo: "smart contracts: building blocks for digital markets", hal finney" reusable proofs work", peter thiel: "from zero one" "advertisement, necessary the digital age?" (seri research essay) samsung economic research institute "digital media and advertising" hanul academy park, kikyoung: "customer response customer satisfaction survey participation", amrit tiwana: "platform ecosystems: aligning architecture, governance, and strategy", nicholas gregory mankiw "principles economics" christian, catalini., joshua, s., gans. "some simple economics the blockchain" rotman school management, working paper no. mit sloan research paper no. sinclair, davidson, primavera, de, filippi., jason, potts. "economics blockchain" paper presented public choice, us, march icon hyperconnect the world [internet]. [last updated jan available: https://icon.foundation/ steem incentivized, blockchain-based, public content platform [internet]. [cited aug available: https://steem.io/ https://github.com/theloopkr/loopchain/blob/master/readme_kr.md forbes online magazine (www.forbes.com) article titled "cyber-crime costs projected reach trillion steve morgan (jan markets and markets research analyst report (www.marketsandmarkets.com) titled "cybersecurity market solution, service, security type, deployment mode, organization size, vertical, and region global forecast (july, []published pricing data from casb providers skyhigh networks, bitglass and cloudskope. "sia: simple decentralized storage", david vorick and luke champine (nov "filecoin: decentralized storage network", protocol labs (aug published access latency data from sia, filecoin, ethereum, bitcoin, litecoin, ripple, hyperledger, maidsafe, google, rackspace and amazon. tutorial raid storage systems", sameshan perumal and pieter kritzinger (may "ethereum white paper: next generation smart contract and decentralized application program", vitalik buderin (january, hyperledger project, www.hyperledger.org, open source development project managed the linux foundation, (december, "bigchaindb: scalable decentralized database", trent mcconaghy, rudolph marques, andreas muller, dimitri jonghe, troy mcconaghy, greg mcmullen, ryan henderson, sylvian bellemare and alberto granzotto, (february, spencer gimball, (february cockroach design document, github.com/ cockroachdb/cockroach/blob/master/docs/design.md leemon baird: "the swirlds hashgraph consensus algorithm: fair, fast, byzantine fault tolerance", (may "bitcoin statistics and facts", statistica, www.statista.com/topics//bitcoin/ (october v-dimension distribution ratio handler's fee category transaction fees handler's fee ratio miners super master node heart freedom includes basic transactions collected according byte size, the default minimum charge vollar per byte. nonanonymous nonanonymous transfers nonanonymous anonymous transfers anonymous transactions the anonymous transaction. the transaction under vollar the fees will vollar anonymous nonanonymous transfers anonymous anonymous transfers smart contract transactions collected according byte size, the default minimum charge vollar per byte. smart contract transactions content provided during group chat creation handler's fees for changing group chat information vid creation handler's fees vollar vollar vollar vollar this nonanonymous address vid vollar special transaction performed create vid. resonance v-pool conversion handler's fees, priority confirmation group admin expansion fees vollar per spot expanded handler's fees generated when the resonance vpool sends vollar the address which corresponds the bitcoin address which initiated resonance. service fees winning vad bids revenues are paid master nodes after group members reached, the group administrator must pay group expansion fee increase the group member limit. fees from payments successful vad bids vdsvvvxxmxpssszd.onion