valu value chain white book (v. @singapore) catalogue catalogue abstract concept and current problem transaction realization method lightning network and decentralized liquidity pool value wallet and credit card payment value wallet and credit card cbt integrated payment interpretation cbt protocol vlc (value currency) tokens and consumption mining mechanism token contract standard standardized asset registration vlc consumption mining algorithm: pov mining difficulty algorithm comparison between consumption mining pov and bitcoin mining pow summary token structure progress and plan future plan about the team operation team strategic partner conclusion acknowledgement license bibliography abstract this white book describes that value chain technology that applies blockchain technology and cbt (cross-blockchain transaction) protocol actualize the seamless consumption connection between online offline shop and blockchain assets. illustrates how make seamless connection between any real virtual consumption place (online offline shops) and crypto currency, and reward each consumption providing vlc tokens, which can also consumed blockchain. the first landed project connecting the blockchain the real consumer business, the value chain uses infrastructure interconnect and interoperate physical and virtual platforms with the aim creating secure, stable, transparent and tamper-proof product. strive provide maximum convenience our users, empower them use much blockchain assets possible, and let them earn rewards for spending while complying with the highest safety standards the ecosystem. value chain does not belong any party. instead, open and distributed network authentication nodes that will constrain the behavior all participants. uses protocol tokens mechanism create shares certificate blockchain order achieve market activity among participants. this high-performance distributed network allows transactions among various types assets--be issuer backed legal currency, fully decentralized blockchain token (erc and localized crypto digital currency). any spend the value chain, regardless which tokens are being used, users would make "mining" value chain through cbt protocol conversion. unlike almost any other decentralized transaction platform, the distributed network allows for directly decentralized transactions between different blockchain without the need for trusted gateway tokens. addition, market spreads will drop significantly, and market protection will reinforced through decentralization regulation and increased transparency market activities. the above process ensures the correct pairing entrusted transaction books using smart contracts and protocol tokens. this new structure that uses ethereum guarantee liquidation and ethereum smart contract protect historical transaction data. key words: sharing economy; consumption mining; blockchain; cbt; value chain; vlc; digital assets; ethereum concept and current problem the main function blockchain solve the coordination issues the multilateral protocols among internet participants. ensuring, guaranteeing and implementing the transparency, can effectively reach into multi-party consensus, which impossible old times. internet participants are more willing engage coordination when they finds that the business transparent, and the operation mechanism can not changed easily. obviously, participants can better guaranteed that party can forcibly collect exorbitant profits rental changing business processes using information asymmetries. other words, any single participant more than happy use system whose business processes and mechanisms are not owned any other individual participant. there are basic coordination issues between online and offline merchants, gateways and blockchain consumers. for example, consumers supermarkets shops want use crypto currency, while local legal currency can not provide benchmark crypto currency immediately, and the crypto currency network sometimes delayed and congested. the past, building payment system that was compatible between payment networks and agencies was massive undertaking. this process usually done establishing exchange that manages the transaction, that is, using the communication network central clearing center bank current accounts, such fedwire, chips, swift bank card payment network, nscc dtcc, occ and ach. these networks serve different roles and functions, including local national payments, international payments, credits, stock asset delivery and derivatives. these centralized networks allow control entities change mechanisms will, resulting substantial increase transaction costs terms information costs, due diligence and the execution contracts between all parties. think there vast rising market (such venmo, alipay, etc.) using new payment platform subvert digital payments. these networks are significant cross-network transactions, they often need undertake the indirect costs that are notable and mutually trusted between the networks and transaction facilities. contracting parties are reluctant use central clearing center bank current accounts neither side wants obedient each other and the use banking accounts requires contracts between participants. while larger networks have enough incentive protect their own network, believe most companies and institutions want offer e-wallet services that require more coordination among multiple players. these medium-sized players will able exchange cross-network value order have sufficient impact availability. these infrastructures and reference frontends enable the network effects encoded into this network that new e-wallet users can immediately create advanced network facilities. blockchain allows the society transform the world's business processes from single-center company into open, decentralized computing network. [][] value (value chain) product that uses infrastructure interconnect and interoperate physical and virtual platforms and generate incentive products. strive provide our users maximum convenience, and enable them work completely trusted, timely and cost-effective manner connecting blockchain and using the cbt protocol. transforming these business processes traditionally housed single company, may able provide complete exchange method for the e-wallet provider high-performance and open network, which the cbt protocol. transaction realization method the final status value chain architecture with the decentralization mechanism for e-wallet platform that owns the value the legal currency. one the core functions this product realize the transaction between the e-wallets, value chain must have blockchain ledger maintain the overall fund balance for each e-wallet service (or any user node). this ledger must able record funds across multiple types assets commodities. however, holding ledger not enough for exchange. the mechanism must also allow these assets commodities traded. order exchange, needs place command between traders the open public market. this requires decentralized transaction commission ledger and cbt protocol. this cbt protocol built the value blockchain. when matching order validated most verification nodes, the order will released for further match. this process will executed part each block, which creates unilateral non-regulated, decentralized transaction where such e-wallet platform can trade with other e-wallet platforms without having trust centralized entity. however, direct e-wallet tokens exchange not desirable, because can complicated. the absence single preference, need use crypto currency the mobile market. bundling ethereum with smart contract (or binding bitcoin-similar token clearing center), can create mobile market based ethereum other crypto currency e-wallet (if each pair crossed with eth, the case low currency fluctuations, the price difference will much smaller). for activities requiring very small price difference, may happen that some e-wallet tokens will engage cross use; however, due the coordination and trust advantages associated with procedural arbitration, will necessary for use decentralized tokens and, necessary, you can use other e-wallet tokens. allowing crypto digital currency support the e-wallet platform, all e-wallet trading activities are fair. this means that locked-in funds require greater liquidity, and value decentralized transactions may less desirable for low-value transaction activities (such large amounts micropayments). not each payment between two different e-wallets has done using decentralized transaction. can assume that the e-wallet will reserve tokens some other e-wallets for the microfinance the popular direction. for example, architectures such the lightning network allow recording balance e-wallet facilitate chain payment the premise quick payment. allow payments across bitcoin [], ethereum and various other crypto currencies, which can easily ported the value chain through the cbt protocol record e-wallet balances. lightning network and decentralized liquidity pool with the help decentralized transactions and crypto digital currencies (such btc, eth, eos, etc.) matching, the value blockchain architecture allows online offline transactions between any e-wallet. additional benefit this architecture that allows decentralized liquidity pool used for various cryptographic currency payment channels. for separate token payment the blockchain, necessary for extend the underlying blockchain activities without affecting the underlying chain, reduce the computational burden the verification mining nodes. therefore, using lightning network must (or similar architecture lightning network channel). however, the lightning network faces tremendous pressure the network effects capital, want avoid centralizing liquidity pools the hands single trusted entity. using the same mechanism decentralized clearing center, can create lightning network hub that does not belong any single entity and supports more sophisticated smart contracts (eg. ethereum, erc- tokens, etc.). for currencies with simple smart contracts, any node the network, such bitcoin network, can act gateway the value chain pool, and cross with any other participants. this will significantly reduce many the online activities the value chain, while encouraging decentralization. conjunction with the cbt protocol, believe that can use certainty known consistency rules practice the method decentralized interest chains mitigating the natural network effects liquidity concentration. especially for ethereum (and other blockchain with full-featured smart contract scripts), all participants can set the channel eth smart contract that exercises the function single pool funds. the chain status value chain reflects the current balance the participants. this will allow any participants provide liquidity this network, which can allocated according the value chain consensus rules (if this structure has been successful before robust testing validation, then will add some restrictions early stage prevent the blockchain from absorbing all remaining liquidity from crypto currency). therefore, these funds can used for any liquidity activity the value chain and for consumer mining incentives the value chain. value chain entrusted account book decentralization transaction block wallet smart contract subset (user) wallet cbt agreement btc, eos eth, ltc vlc, hsr qtum, etc. raiden network vlc mining pool consumption mining recursive mining pool network generated code subset (merchant) wallet liquidity pool decentralization value wallet and credit card payment the value wallet the core product that connects the value chain, digital assets, cbt protocols, users and merchants, enabling consumers spend instantly their blockchain assets through their smart phones debit cards. the future, there will access more than million global online and offline retail outlets. the value wallet app free download ios and android systems (it will come online early middle value wallet has the following advantages: access million online and offline retail outlets more than countries around the world most reliable conversion rates and transaction fees (at additional cost) decentralized wallet, trustworthy wallet app support for multiple digital currencies (any blockchain asset) support for multiple national currencies for each consumption, the user would make mining the value chain and the result will vlc token transferred the user, who can enjoy the added value bonuses arising from tokens increase (see the tokens sales section for more information) value wallet and credit card once the user downloads the app, can set the account phone number email account. wallet that supports multiple digital currencies then automatically created, hence users can consume different digital currencies. private keys are completely secure with industry-standard cold and hot storage solutions. mid-, will connect smart wallets directly cbt where users can store their own private keys. until the last confirmed online offline consumption, digital currency does not need converted into legal currency, and this conversion happens real time. users can choose different blockchain assets make the payment. furthermore, using our smart wallet, users have the flexibility convert blockchain assets such bitcoin, ethernet, eos, hsr, and many other digital currencies. users can directly select virtual real debit cards through our app. for safety, offer the user two options: lock not lock the card. this makes our product safer than traditional credit debit card. cbt integrated payment payment procedure: value cardholders are able buy products and services using any blockchain asset more than million retail outlets. use the cbt payment channel allow users make payment requests from credit cards. here's how make real-time payments from your wallet your credit card: the user can use virtual real value debit card online offline shops the credit card system will automatically send request our server value will send the payment request the user via cbt network the user can choose which blockchain assets pay, and then send the appropriate amount the value system through value wallet app value will approve the transaction and transfer the retailer upon the receipt payment request interpretation cbt protocol prior the invention the tcp protocol, the internet was dispersed across many local networks, namely the so-called local area networks. these improve the efficiency traditional point-to-point communications (such letters, faxes, telephones). the real breakthrough was when the different lans realized they could communicate with each other using unified internet protocol and the internet was born. bitcoin vlc ethereum crossblockchain transaction encrypted currency encrypted currency the basic structure the internet and cbt exactly the same, and their purposes are similar: value exchange. today's world, value exchange very similar the information exchange before the existence internet, that is, point-to-point exchange closed system. the full name the cbt protocol cross-blockchain transaction. protocol based the value chain that aims convert any asset the block. value-chain-based cbt protocol runs this core protocol with four features: dual consumer protection multi-signature time lock uniform hash function below will respectively elaborate these features the cbt protocol. double consumer protection: dual consumption protection the primary significance the blockchain. technical jargon, this means that two valid transactions that consume the same transaction output (utxo) will have conflicts, and only one will confirmed the network. account-based languages (such ethereum) allow the same amount consumed multiple times from the same address, and there are often other ways prevent dual consumption. multiple signatures: multi-signature very old concept, which allows comparison among multiple payment ledgers that need shared signers. multi-signature allows the enforcement any rules that require joint-signature. cbt adopts two multi-signatures, both the signers must sign the transaction accepted the network. multi-signature transaction must for value chain payment channel. time lock: time lock the simple need lock funds future date. blockchain possesses two different types time locks: relative and absolute time locks. the absolute time lock will lock the transaction output until specific time the future. the relative time lock will lock the transaction output related the time the transaction was confirmed. cbt uses relative time locks because they allows for the opening payment channels indefinitely. uniform hash function: able cross multiple blocks, need use the same hash function, provided the smart signing language for each blockchain. standard hash functions like the sha hash function are usually available and perfectly suited for this purpose. vlc (value currency) tokens and consumption mining mechanism make the ecosystem value work more perfectly, the value team issues vlc tokens reward all consumers who contribute the value ecosystem. vlc token the code name tokens value chain, and vlc tokens are created based ethereum smart contracts. ethereum open-source, publicly-maintained distributed underlying computer system based blockchain technology that provides decentralized turing-complete virtual machines support the operation smart contracts. the most mature platform for smart contracts the market, ethereum has very active community and its foundation runs well. therefore, value founding team decided adopt ethereum build cross-chain consumption and multi-asset swap consumption blockchain application, that can focus more business development and ecological promotion, and avoid excessive investment the early stage develop the underlying blockchain technology. implemented number characteristics based ethereum support the operation vlc, including "standardized asset registration" via smart contracts. token contract standard erc token standard the account contract standard acknowledged ethereum community. bancor protocol, status, tenx, bat, ugchain and other well-known token contracts applied ethereum comply with the standard, part applications can found https://etherscan.io/tokens, and the token contracts complying with the standard can searched https://etherscan.io/tokensearch with large number well-known applications based erc constructing token contracts, vlc uses erc avoid potential risks contractual layer. standardized asset registration the value team will register any asset consumed the value chain with vlc unified way across the blockchain ensure that all data made public, transparent and not tampered with once the asset validated through the smart contract. therefore, the data used for vlc sharing assets completely reliable, without the appearance false assets transactions. vlc consumption mining algorithm: pov mining difficulty algorithm completely new algorithm, the pov(proof value) consensus algorithm originated value team motivates users' contributions consumption. mining difficulty the measured value consumption contribution with the output per vlc. when digging out more tokens, the greater the degree difficulty, the higher the market value the output vlc, that say, mining difficulty will change the difficulty coefficient total output changes. under the pov consensus mechanism, the following algorithm applicable the consumption mining difficulty: mining difficulty benchmark difficulty percentage excavated difficulty coefficient among which, the benchmark degree difficulty blocks; update cycle: once every minutes. assuming that the total consumption amount the value chain the pov consumption mining income is: mining income mining difficulty therefore, the more you spend the value chain, the greater the income will be. comparison between consumption mining pov and bitcoin mining pow the three basic elements blockchain network include computing, storage and network. the pow algorithm economic incentive calculate the contribution users. pov the economic incentive for consumers spend the value network, contributing maintaining the long-term safety, stable and reliable operation value. will play irreplaceable role the healthy development value ecology. table comparison between pov and pow consensus algorithm comparison the main elements mining mining costs pov-vlc value coin pow-bitcoin online offline consumption gpu (+cpu) computing zero cost high economic model the limited total amount production related market demand from easy difficult no, resources are used reasonably. vlc can reinvested network use the limited total amount production cycle can calculated from easy difficult many many short, suitable for commercial use long, not suitable for commercial use yes yes incentive ways vlc value coin bitcoin anti-monopoly support side-chain applications yes yes yes mining difficulty whether resources are wasted verifying/billing node number consensus cycle reached decentralization yes, extremely wasted. summary token structure distribution ratio vlc value coins total issue coins (limited edition, never additional) ratio numbers institution investment founding team private equity pre-sale development fund community incentive commercial operation total amount progress and plan future plan about the team operation team peter sha date birth: november ceo top singapore travel company (hq) ceo singapore fushi technology fund company many years' rich experience mass consumption and financial investment; excellent understanding industry trends. one the early investors blockchain, with profound insight into the blockchain economy. one the early developers the tourism blockchain. educational background: bachelor degree university london major: finance and financial investment lynn luo date birth: august director important customer bidding for the southeast asia region uti, logistics company entitled world's top and listed nasdaq director sales market operation department, top singapore travel company (hq) coo singapore fushi technology fund company one the early developers the tourism blockchain one the early investors digital currencies director sales market operation department brighten sands holidays pte. ltd. singapore general agent shanghai lvmama well-known large ota travel agency china) southeast asia region director global important customer bidding uti worldwide logistic company educational background: graduated from university electronic science and technology china liu jianming leng yue. dr. liu jianming has multiple years' work experience silicon valley. used serve director deep learning and artificial intelligence department, and director blockchain department. full stack developer vlsi design, and consumer electronics algorithms. rich industry experience cryptocurrency and blockchain sectors. founded the zccoin and bichai blockchain wallet. educational background: master tsinghua university; doctor university missouri king jin the value chain value head the asia pacific region the founder the million club value chain international professional certification trainer executive director science and technology innovation driven business school deputy director public works china branch jin qian cci capital ltd chairman born graduated from the department computer science anhui university. after his work, continued attack tsinghua university mba and peking university emba, and visited japan, south korea, singapore, malaysia and thailand and other southeast asian countries study, investigate and communicate. the president jin qian cci capital ltd, won the ten largest network marketing planner china the author the global best-selling book "the miracle life". after his contact with bitcoin became crazy about block chain technology and numeral numeral, and became the early investor and community promoter bitcoin angel investor and participating the investment number internet co, jin qian investment management company was formally established which mainly invested block chain technology related enterprises. the same time, found the sacred mission "helping the enterprise brilliant and helping the personal achievement dream", and made clear the goal "helping the million people the world realize their dreams and surpass the dream", and make the billion charitable donation the society". strategic partner conclusion with the popularity e-wallet platform, island network becoming problem. this situation creates unique opportunity for legal tokens actualize decentralization web transactions and increase the cross compatibility crypto digital currency. order establish such decentralization transaction network, needs not only blockchain that fits well with the issued tokens paid and traded, but also decentralization transaction center that supports these activities, well incentive develop efficient flow pool. eventually, these issued tokens may getting closer and closer being totally decentralized (including the keys owned the user), maximizing the agent right individual. can this creating transparency business processes payment transaction, and removing ownership the business process from single trusted person. value hopes that the future, every single consuption will able generate greater value. acknowledgement would like extend our great appreciation dexter deng for his contributions this article, well jianming liu for his contributions and feedbacks this article. license this document licensed under apache bibliography fred erhsam. blockchain tokens and the dawn the decentralized business model. https://blog.coinbase.com/app-coins-and-the-dawn-of-the-decentralized- business-modelbcef fred erhsam. tokens, why how. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkthoryc. ethereum. ethereum. https://ethereum.org. gavin wood. ethereum: secure decentralised generalised transaction ledger. http://szabo.best.vwh.net/ formalize.html, feb nick szabo. formalizing and securing relationships public networks.