vanta infinity connect decentralized network for real-time, secure, and private connectivity white paper last updated may disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. vanta what vanta? motivation market problem and solution vanta positioning competition positioning platform module benefits using vanta vanta blockchain competitiveness vanta team competitiveness vanta intelligent network definition real-time networking definition intelligent network how the intelligent network works verifiable random function roles network participants within the intelligent network competition intelligent nodes proof intelligent nodes' workload fault detection and recovery performance evaluation and reputation system security vanta blockchain consensus algorithm the need for new consensus algorithm pon-vrbft consensus algorithm proof networking (pon) bft+vrf (vrbft) block proposal block verification block confirmation block reward penalty vanta cryptoeconomics token issuance staking tokens for api usage (application developers) staking tokens for api usage (end users) staking tokens join nodes burning tokens fees for unstaking vanta architecture disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. use cases communication video streaming (live vod) internet things games ecosystem business development vanta dapp ecosystem expansion vanta consulting blockchain customizing strategy vanta team partners vanta team vanta partners vanta token distribution references disclaimer disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. vanta what vanta? vanta intelligent network for transmission and processing real-time data which enables individuals and companies develop applications without additional infrastructure lost cost. result, creative services will provided and integrated within the vanta ecosystem, and vanta blockchain will practical blockchain that will greatly contribute improving the daily lives individuals and operations enterprise businesses. real-time networking technology covers wide range areas. the technology can used for messaging file transfer voice video call development, large-scale, real-time video streaming, and transmitting processing various real-time data collected from iot sensors. besides addressing these problems through the vanta blockchain, vanta will provide and expand enterprise-level telecommunications network solutions businesses and enterprise customers. using blockchain and cryptoeconomics designed for real-time networking, vanta creates system which nodes participating the network contribute real-time data transmission and processing without relying traditional centralized systems and networks. this system results low cost, functional blockchain-based network. anyone, regardless existing platforms, can participate and use the network using api, sdk, modules integrate with existing applications platforms use. vanta, therefore, can easily expand the ecosystem through modules that integrate applications and platforms that require real-time networking. motivation the need for this network arises from the fundamental reason that the amount real-time data exchanged between people and devices increasing exponentially. addition the number devices connected the internet, the amount data that individuals produce and consume real-time exploding. for instance, high-definition broadcast streaming and low latency data processing for require efficient and low-cost solution for real-time transmission. furthermore, more iot sensors become utilized our daily lives, the industry sectors such traffic information control, factory operation, medical devices, etc. require real-time networking platform that may handle hundreds thousands data points per second without the single point failure while reducing cost and maintaining efficiency. market video streaming according global market researcher research and markets, the video streaming market was billion usd revenue and will double billion usd. cisco also predicts online video account for internet traffic particular, the "real-time" video disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. streaming market provided facebook live, twitter's sports broadcasting services and video broadcasting services such youtube and hulu, accounted for only internet video traffic but expected grow more than four-times result, consumers' demand for larger bandwidth and higher quality video will increase dramatically, and the problems regarding inefficient data transfers and expensive central server usage fees will heighten significantly. iot data streaming and processing according statista, market research firm, the size the iot industry will grow annually, trillion usd gartner expects global iot devices grow billion and bmi research estimates that least billion "things" will connect the internet. such, all things are coming into the hyper-connected society that connects the internet; the emergence hyper-connected society will dramatically increase the size the iot market. that is, more data will generated real-time various iot devices and individuals, and the number corporations that want receive such data real-time will also increase significantly. some point time, storing and processing the data produced iot devices centralized server and delivering the users who need will meet throughput and cost constraints. this will make the iot sensor its connected iot hub more directly connected the device that requests the data and transmits data real-time. this means that there will more devices connected directly the iot sensor iot hub receive data real-time. vanta's real-time networking opportunity for intelligent networks integrated into iot devices and services. vanta will allow reliably and efficiently deliver the data produced resource-limited iot devices more devices. problem and solution vanta will aim solve the following problems through our decentralized intelligent network based blockchain technology. increasing network throughput and cost current networks and infrastructures that support various real-time networking are reaching throughput limits. this means that companies will not able provide reliable services, since network and server costs will increase along with the increasing amount data transmitted. vanta will solve the throughput and cost issues making the common computers and mobile devices around the world, whose performance rapidly increases each year, contribute real-time networking. real-time networking development costs and problems with centralized services many companies are limited (or even fail) developing real-time networking services because the cost, time, and lack skills required develop and operate such services. result, increasing number companies are utilizing centralized api services that help develop real-time networking functions. yet, there are some problems with centralized apis. once centralized api used, the fee increases significantly the usage increases. moreover, api provider suddenly changes policies, stops the api service without notice, experiences temporary downtime, the company developing the services based the provided api will adversely affected. also, because the data stored centralized server, cannot free from hacking privacy issues. these problems can solved building decentralized network for real-time networking that not owned controlled anyone, and this can used provide various real-time networking apis for companies. disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. privacy concerns resulting from transferring and storing personal data the future, more diverse personal data will flow within the network transferred between devices and will stored various centralized servers order provide smooth service experience. however, users cannot know whether the data properly encrypted, transmitted, stored, and deleted from the server, users may become anxious due various hacks, well government corporate surveillance. the same time, personal data leakage will cause great damage. with blockchain, however, possible transparently confirm the process transmitting storing deleting data. decentralized nodes, addition, transmit and store real-time data, which prevent hacking and excessive/malicious use personal data access data generated devices and the data usage fees the future, there will increase the need send and receive data real-time between people and devices and between devices. such situation, necessary have system that can operate transparently and accurately according the rules determined between the devices without human intervention for acquiring the data access permission automatically, configuring the temporary network for receiving the data, and paying the price for the data use. therefore, vanta intends create efficient system that can quickly and safely send and receive data real-time creating competitive system that instantly configures networks according each situation. trust the communication between parties and trust the data transferred from various devices currently, various products, stores, and media are evaluated and shared people. people evaluate the purchase, use, and visitation products, stores, and media, but there evaluation people the devices people are communicating with. the future, there will more and more real-time communication across people and devices, and credible evaluations will needed. whether individual engaged daily life company conducting its business, trust will achieved the future. vanta positioning competition positioning unlike the existing blockchains, vanta blockchain focused real-time communication that both traditional and decentralized applications may utilize the vanta api facilitate development the areas messaging, call, data media streaming, etc. ethereum eos can classified platform blockchains while storj golem can classified specific-purpose blockchains. among these blockchains, vanta the intelligent network platform that can classified both platform blockchain and specific-purpose blockchain. vanta can positioned vertically follows. disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. figure project positioning platform module vanta will build its own ecosystem platform blockchain, bringing variety real-time networking applications and services. however, vanta will provide core module the form sdk and/or api provide platform-independent access the vanta network. therefore, all platforms and applications that want real-time networking capability can leverage these services, leading the rapid expansion the vanta ecosystem. figure expandable architecture benefits using vanta vanta-based service developers with vanta, possible develop and operate scalable, stable, and highly secure real-time networking services low cost. developers can quickly and inexpensively develop real-time networking capabilities based vanta without building separate server developing real-time networking from scratch. according the staking-based token economy, developers may utilize for descriptive purposes only. vanta not related affiliated with other projects specified this figure. disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. vanta's network resources staking vnt tokens. available cost, except for small fee when vnt tokens are unstaked. developer does not have enough vnt tokens secure the resources needs for its service, has the option create policy requiring end users stake vnt tokens for all portion its own resource usage. other words, developers and users can share staked vnt tokens run service. this creates significant reduction the development and operational costs real-time, networking-related services. compared centralized services, services based the decentralized vanta network will highly secure and stable. addition, easy integrate and combine different services because they communicate over common standard. even without separate payment system, vanta's vnt token-based payment model can easily designed and applied real-time networking services. providing those advantages for developers, vanta can provide development environment that helps developers build services that benefit the end user. the network can also allow more flexibility for service development enable creative and innovative applications that are not bound typical business model design. figure application business model vanta-based service users end users using vanta-based services benefit from lower service costs and privacy. when service developer stakes sufficient vnt tokens for the service's network resources, end users usually not have stake vnt tokens for their own resource usage. however, the service set for end users stake vnt tokens run the service explained the previous sections, each user needs stake vnt tokens for his/her own resource usage. users can also easily create vanta account without separate subscription procedure authentication. this possible because network participants communicate through anonymous disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. hash value that cannot used track their identity. also, users can create new account any time, further assuring that individual cannot identified. since there central control authority and all data encrypted and transmitted between peers, impossible provide communication records, data media, etc. the request central government authorities. this means that possible use secure, decentralized communication services without privacy problems. benefits for organizations from adopting vanta telecommunication network because vanta specialized real-time networking and has various communication functions, vanta blockchain can used organizations such governments, businesses, and schools that want build their own telecommunication network. the vanta blockchain telecommunication network can built quickly and cost-effectively without the need for separate server infrastructure. vanta will also provide direct consulting and customized development for cases which the government, company, school, etc. has technical difficulties using vanta telecommunication network. therefore, possible for each organization build optimized blockchain-based network. vanta blockchain competitiveness existing blockchains don't offer the features necessary order develop services with various real-time networking functions such those offered slack, facebook, and twitch. these services require various functions such text messaging, voice video call, video streaming, and data processing. current distributed ledger technologies cannot communicate real-time. develop and operate such services, real-time networking technology and infrastructure for transmitting and processing data essential. the vanta blockchain specialized blockchain for developing and operating these real-time, networking-related services that can used every day. vanta team competitiveness vanta comprised three teams: researchers who have studied communication networks and have experience commercializing technology; university lab that has been conducting research communication blockchains for the past several years; and team that has accumulated experience global companies. combined, they form the vanta team, dedicated research and development blockchain-based network specialized for real-time networking. this highly competitive team will conduct in-depth research and commercialize vanta technology the real economy. the team utilizes the knowledge and results gained from previous research and development communication networks and brings vanta. this gives vanta's team great advantage over other project teams. disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. vanta intelligent network definition real-time networking real-time networking, real-time communication, methodology that lets device communicate real-time without transmission delays. other words, technology that makes easy for people quickly find, access, and utilize the necessary information. real-time networking allows share variety information, and people various locations can communicate they were facing each other. online education, audio video conferencing, file sharing, gaming, collaboration, social networking and machine-to-machine technology are implemented with real-time networking technology. our team believes that real-time networking technology essential for everyday life. vanta designed the intelligent network decentralize real-time networking allow more people benefit from the technology. definition intelligent network figure the intelligent network vanta the arkas protocol vanta's intelligent network decentralized network that performs real-time data transmission, processing, and storage functions selecting and evaluating peers. evolving network that strengthens the scalability, reliability, efficiency, and privacy real-time networking creating competitive system based resources such computing power, network bandwidth, memory, and reliability. how the intelligent network works vanta constitutes intelligent network allowing participating nodes perform data transmission and processing operations accurately and reliably competitive manner. the vanta arkas protocol and the consensus algorithm are the keys this structure. nodes constituting the disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. intelligent network become intelligent node. addition, installing the vanta core client your own computer mobile device installing applications developed the vanta api will allow you participate intelligent node. participants the network compete with each other order receive data transmission storage processing tasks requested the network real-time, performing the main tasks described figure figure how the intelligent network works peer finding connecting node finds specific node the network and transmits encrypted handshake information that they can connect each other fashion. data relaying relaying node receives data from the sender and transmits the data the receiver accurately and stable manner. depending the situation, several nodes communicate and collaborate with each other for data relaying. data relaying plays critical role for providing group chat, media streaming, video conferencing, and online multi-user games. its main functions are data multicasting and media streaming. disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. data caching (temporary storage) increase efficiency real-time transmission, node temporarily stores data for certain period time. when the client requests the data, the node effectively delivers it. the node also provides data buffering and temporary storage the streaming data. data processing node processes media converting the media stream media format various resolutions through media mixing available computing resources each node. this enables streaming services provided the most suitable format various smartphone and desktop devices. data verification node verifies whether the nodes the network properly perform the given task. there are various verification tasks, such verifying the requested job the network, node selection vrf (verifiable random function), the work performed the node, and various transactions and blocks. verifiable random function verifiable random function (vrf) pseudo-random function that provides proof that can used publicly verify the accuracy its output. widely used within vanta's real-time networking job competition model and blockchain consensus algorithm. vrf composed three polynomial-time functions and and the details are follows: generator, probabilistic, and accepts one unary string (security parameter input value. returns two binary strings each used public key and secret key sk. (f, the evaluator, and deterministic. accepts input for and vrf binary string, and returns the vrf result value (sk, for and its corresponding proof, (sk, x). verifier and probabilistic like the generator. accepts four binary strings, pk, and proof inputs, and returns yes no. let {*} and {*} any three functions such that a(k), b(k), s(k) are all computable time poly(k), and a(k) and b(k) are both limited polynomial with respect (except when takes value *). (g, defined verifiable pseudorandom function (vrf) with input length a(k), output length b(k), and security s(k) meets the following properties: the two conditions below have probability -o(k) for g(k domain-range correctness }a(k) (sk, }b(k) complete probability }a(k) (v, proof) f(sk, rob[(v proof es] -o(k) unique probability: pk, proof and proof when and disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. rob[v proof es] workerrequest erif y(p proof hashu obrequesthash then workerrequestlist addrequest(workerrequest) worker selection ortbyv hash(workerrequestlist) primaryw orker workerrequestlist.get() secondaryw orker workerrequestlist.get() workerlist addw orkers(primaryw orker, secondaryw orker, getspares(workerrequestlist)) signaturej sig (workerlist) ... selecting verifier nodes node that wants join verifier node executes vrf, judges whether can join, and sends signed verifier request with job request, hash, and proof the job tracker. the job tracker should receive least verifier requests and ignore verifier requests received after the top verifiers are chosen for job based the vrf hash values number nodes who sent verifier requests. each job measured the price the job, which determined net, work unit vanta. the price net specified the service developer when staking the vnt allocate resources for the service. each node checks the price the job, and can decide wants compete with other nodes handle this job. the net price much lower than the current price but there are high requirements, the nodes may decide not participate the competition. this will the selection criteria when jobs that have higher net prices are requested the same time. therefore, when measuring the value job, the net market price can formed independently the vnt price. proof intelligent nodes' workload because the intelligent network can joined anyone, there can nodes that maliciously behave order maximize their own interests. node the intelligent network not only receives adequate compensation depending how many jobs the node processes, but also increases the probability disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. becoming block proposer specific consensus round. for this reason each node needs accurately performs its task, and prove it. this very important because the quality real-time networking the network depends how thoroughly the operation and verification are executed. some the jobs worker nodes are defined action. worker nodes are rewarded based the workload, which evaluated based the amount data transmitted well the duration peer connection maintained order achieve real-time data transmission. when the first job created, the nonce value for that job incremented every minute starting with the verifier nodes prove that the primary worker node performing the work the corresponding nonce value. the verifier monitors the state the data transmission communicating with the sender, receiver, and worker every seconds, and the workload verification written, signed, and sent the worker minute intervals. figure workload verification the sender signs the verification data, including the nonce value and the amount data transmitted per minute, proof indicating that the transmission data for the corresponding nonce being transmitted the primary worker node. the sender also transmits the verifier node. the verifier node signs again, signifying that has begun workload verification, and sends the primary worker node. the primary worker node sends the verification data with its signature the data receivers. the primary worker node correctly transmits the sender's data, the receiver adds its signature the verification data, including the amount data received per minute, and sends back the verifier node. each verifier node adds its final confirmation signature the final collected proof work data and sends the primary worker node. disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. the proof work verified the verifier nodes secured for more, the primary worker node generates workload verification transaction including the proof work the confirmed payload. the workload verification transaction includes the following data: ype value used classify transaction types (job transaction, workload verification transaction) app unique value the application for requested job unique value committed job data unique value source data action action that must completed worker node once unique value job id, starting the first and incrementing orkload workload the job (net) rice the specified net price requested the service developer when staking (vnt) imestamp time request proof work; the value prevent more than two nonce values from being present within one minute rimary orker ode hash value primary worker node econdary orker ode hash value secondary worker node erif ier ode list list verifier nodes onf irmed ayload job request signed requester bundle workload verification identified the verifier node, each which the data that the verifier last signed. least verifier nodes for the given nonce must receive the final verified data compensated. each workload verification includes job id, nonce, and signature signed sender, primary worker node, and receiver sequence with private key. there the possibility that the primary worker node maliciously colludes with the sender and the receiver only generate the confirmed payload for long time without actually transmitting the data for the reward. prevent this situation, the primary worker node replaced with standby secondary worker node every hour. the proof work result the verifier node not included the confirmed payload, the verifier not included replaced with new verifier node via vrf. this means that the verifier nodes must compete with each other and deliver the proof work results the primary worker node soon possible. fault detection and recovery while processing job, participating nodes can check the status each other through persistent connection. each node detects status change events when particular node exits network faulty communication channel caused unstable network. when the status event reports disconnected failed state, the status that node broadcast the verifier. each verifiers checks the status the faulty node and runs voting process within its verifier group. when more than verifiers determine that the node was faulty, the node replaced with new node that can process its given workload. disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. job tracker node because job tracker can faulty can leave the network, the job requester submits the job more than nodes. the first job tracker compile the list nodes required process the requested job processes the submitted job. worker node when the primary worker node determined faulty, the secondary worker establishes data exchange channel between the sender and receiver and prepares itself replace the primary worker. when the secondary worker faulty while the primary node operating correctly, new secondary worker selected from the list worker candidates. verifier node all verifiers establish persistent communication channel determine faulty verifier, and the verifiers run vote decide its final status. when the node determined faulty, candidate verifier immediately joins the verification process. because there should least verifiers within the processing group process job, verifiers should keep minimum number verifiers receive the processing reward. performance evaluation and reputation system all nodes the network are evaluated against each other for computing power (cpu), network bandwidth, connection stability, and network contribution. performance evaluation when node participates the network, will requested perform job, such monitoring the computing power and network bandwidth. randomly requested for evaluation. cpu-intensive logic used evaluate computing power, and file transmission results used evaluate network bandwidth. monitoring results and time stamps are signed off each node and sent the requested nodes. nodes that receive the data turn them into transactions and submit them the network. the state each evaluated node then updated include their newly evaluated values. the state each node will represent the average its performance results. classification performance evaluation results the performance evaluation result divided into different levels, based the distribution performance results for all nodes. because the overall performance levels participating devices can change over time, the performance medium used calculate node's level recalculated every blocks. developers and end users can refer the performance distribution map participating devices stake tokens for resource allocation. reputation system connection stability refers the ratio node not being faulty and actively participating processing jobs, which includes not leaving the network not having unstable network connections. this recorded through state transition transaction through verifier votes. network contribution refers the number jobs processed that node and recorded the net scale with workload verification transaction. disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. security vanta network network intelligent peers connected pp. all peers are directly indirectly connected the network, which means that data transmitted over the network may vulnerable. order build more robust and reliable network from security perspective, handshake message for connection encrypted with the public key the recipient. and datagram transport layer security (dtls) used enhance the security data transmission. addition, protocol for data media transmission, stream control transmission protocol (sctp) and secure real-time transport protocol (srtp) for media stream are used default. the protocol uses the privacy enhanced rtp conferencing (perc) method, which double srtp encryption that enables media data encryption when providing the video conferencing function. data transfer sctp used for messages and data transmission. the case data transmission, the original data encrypted with the public key the receiver that the intermediate transmitter cannot decrypt the data. for data transmission, the group creator that creates the first group generates private key and public key group key. the two generated keys are encrypted with the public key the participants the group. ach participant encrypts the data using the group public key transmit data and decrypts the received data with its own group private key when new participant added, the existing participant encrypts the group key with the public key the new participant and transfers it. the existing participant leaves the group, new group key generated again and transferred using the same method. lastly, the message encrypted with new group key and transferred. media transfer general, video conference service provided centralized service provider transmits video user media server, and the media server mixes multiple videos into one and transmits other participants. this process, the media server able acquire media data users reproducible form, which means that there possibility privacy problems any time. media servers mainly use the mcu (multipoint control unit) and sfu (selective forwarding unit) methods. the mcu method utilizes media mixing processing make each participant's media stream into one media stream, while the sfu method transmits the media stream each participant the other participants relay. both methods, the original media data can exposed during the process mixing and transmitting the media data. the security level end-to-end media encryption, which makes essentially impossible expose media data, required due the nature the vanta network that any peer can perform media mixing function intermediary. achieve this security level, vanta network uses the perc scheme the concept sfu-based double encryption srtp. the srtp packet transfer the conventional sfu method decrypts the encrypted rtp payload the srtp packet transmitted from the sender and acquires the data. after acquiring the data, the ssrc (synchronization source) data included the payload descriptor modified and transmitted add the media source another participant. this process, the media data contained the rtp payload disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. exposed. srtp ensures that (sender and relay, relay and receiver) security guaranteed from third parties, but sfu, intermediary that does not participate the video conference, not secure. this method called hop hop encryption, and the vanta network uses the perc scheme provide end-to-end encryption that guarantees all security between participants. figure hop hop encryption the perc scheme encrypts the media metadata once more when generating the srtp packet that the sfu cannot acquire the original media metadata. the advanced encryption standard (aes-) algorithm used for encryption. encrypt the media metadata again, the participant needs encryption and decryption keys for his her one-time use for the conference. they exchange the keys each other through the key distributor order send their own decryption key other participants. all participants encrypt their decryption key with the public key the other participant's wallet. once the decryption key exchange complete, each participant will have his her key pair and all other participants' decryption keys. the decryption key the other participant used decrypt the media metadata encrypted with the participant's encryption key. when the sender creates the srtp packet, only the media metadata part the rtp payload encrypted with his encryption key, and then encrypted srtp once again with hbh encryption and transmitted sfu. sfu executes hbh decryption the delivered srtp packet using rtp header and rtp payload and modifies the ssrc the payload descriptor add another participant's media source. again, the srtp packet sent each receiver after srtp executes hbh encryption the data. the recipients execute hbh decryption the received srtp packet and can acquire and reproduce the original media metadata decrypting the final media metadata with the decryption key shared the sender. disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. this process, the media metadata part encrypted with the key, and one, including sfu, except the allowed conference participants can restore the original media metadata. figure end end encryption disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. vanta blockchain consensus algorithm figure pon-vrbft consensus algorithm the need for new consensus algorithm because vanta blockchain designed for processing real-time networking tasks, new consensus algorithm needed for effectively processing it. previous consensus algorithms were based proof-of-work proof-of-stake and wasted computer power, and thus were unsuitable for use with vanta. therefore, vanta aims use the computing power and network resources network nodes for real-time networking and merge proof for those tasks with block generation and consensus algorithms create consensus algorithm optimized for vanta. pon-vrbft consensus algorithm vanta has created algorithm called proof networking (pon) that allows each node contribute competitively real-time data transmission, processing, and storage the network. this was combined with byzantine fault tolerance (bft) and verifiable random functions (vrf) design unique consensus algorithm called pon-vrbft. vanta nodes have higher probability generating blocks based the amount real-time networking jobs they have performed. however, nodes that have performed the most jobs are not always selected the block producer. block proposers, block verifiers, and block confirmers are disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. selected random basis through random function order prevent specific nodes from continuously being selected. vrfs are used for the random function, because verification whether the selected nodes were truly selected randomly cannot done through typical random functions. the idea combining bft and vrf was first proposed professor micali with algorand, and the idea was also partly borrowed ontology for its consensus algorithm. the vanta team aims combine bft and vrfs create new consensus algorithm suitable for the vanta network, which equally improves security, scalability and transaction speed existing consensus algorithms alongside new networking proof mechanism, pon. proof networking (pon) proof networking algorithm that mandates each node that has contributed competitively for live data communication, processing, and storage prove its workload and use that proof data when participating consensus round. the workload each node verified verifier nodes selected through vrf and recorded using vanta's unique workload unit called net and net price prove the amount workload and the actual value it. this what differentiates pon from other consensus algorithms. the exact mechanism vanta processing those workloads each node and how those tasks can proved decentralized network has been explained detail within the previous section (section first, the worker node that processed the requested job verified whether the job has been properly processed from the verifier nodes. when workload verification received from all verifier nodes participating job verification, the worker node generates workload verification transaction for its own workload including workload verifications. the worker node then immediately propagates the transaction the network and inserts into its own transaction pool. when the consensus round initialized, all nodes with workload verification data determine whether they will participate this consensus round. order determine participation, each node executes vrf function using hash the previous block header seed. then, they only select their own workload verification transactions from the obtained hash value and the transactions contained the current transaction pool. lastly, they calculate the total work value and use execute the consensus participation confirmation function. when node has processed more jobs with higher value, the node more likely selected block proponent. transaction type there are three types transactions within the vanta network. the first general transaction for transferring vnt tokens. the second and third are job transaction and workload verification transaction used pon for real-time networking job execution. the workload verification transaction includes the job requester and target, the network and price the worker node, and the workload verification data from the verifier nodes. this transaction configured and propagated the worker node. the net price the number staked tokens required process job per hour, set service developers when they deploy their application. this net price determines the value the job the network, and when block generation rewards are paid, the final reward ratio determined based the sum all these values. disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. the sum the workload value the node (vnt) the workload the job (net) the net price the job (vnt) number the workload verifications for the node that are the block bft+vrf (vrbft) from vanta's pon-vrbft consensus algorithm, vrbft refers bft and vrf. while existing solutions like algorand and ontology merged proof-of-stake with bft and vrf, vanta adds pon create consensus mechanism specialized for real-time networking. byzantine fault tolerance (bft) combined with vrf proven consensus algorithm with many advantages. unlike conventional pbft consensus algorithms, vrf that unpredictable and verifiable pseudo-random function can used randomly select small number nodes participating consensus round, explained above. also allows network reach consensus with only few selected nodes. conventional pbft algorithms, where nodes have communicate with each other twice, have communication complexity o(n^). however, when combined with vrf, blocks can generated much faster because only few nodes need communicate reach consensus each round. the random seed for the vrf determined from the seed the previous consensus round, that one can predict the block proposer, the block verifier, the block confirmer, thereby preventing malicious attacker from predicting and attacking the target advance. addition, through the verifier function (described with the above definition vrfs) and the proof value the evaluator, increases the reliability the consensus process because the selected nodes can easily verified other nodes whether the selected nodes are actually the selected nodes this consensus round. block proposal node selected block proposer the vrbft process, the node puts the transactions into block its own transaction pool. the workload verification transactions that has used participate the consensus round are submitted evidence that has been selected the block proposer. the workload verification transactions are first included the block since they must verified other nodes. next, workload verification transactions and general transactions other nodes are taken out the transaction pool chronological order and included the block. finally, the block signed and then broadcasted the network. procedure propose hashu (createseed(valuer- stepproposal totalw orkv alue for each workloadv erif icationi disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. totalw orkv alue netp ricei netw orkloadi evalproposal (hashu totalw orkv alue) then block reateblock() signatureu sig (block roadcast(block signatureu block verification verify block, the block verifiers select and sign the block with the highest block header hash value among the candidate blocks proposed the block proposers. then, they broadcast the message prove that they are selected block verifiers, including the workload verification transaction used determine their participation the verifier join block verifier. procedure verify hashu (createseed(valuer- stepverif ication totalw orkv alue for each workloadv erif icationi totalw orkv alue netp ricei netw orkloadi evalverif ication (hashu totalw orkv alue) then maxhash selectedblock null for each proposed block erif yblock(block then continue erif (hashi proof reateseed(valuer- stepproposal then continue evalhashi ash(signaturei evalhashi maxhash then maxhash evalhashi selectedblock block signatureu sig (selectedblockhash) roadcast(selectedblockhash, signatureu block confirmation with the confirmation step, the nodes run byzantine agreement based the voting results. the confirmer nodes count the number votes for each block. the vote count exceeds quorum, signature generated and the hash for the block computed and broadcast. procedure confirm hashu (createseed(valuer- stepconf irmation totalw orkv alue disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. for each workloadv erif icationi totalw orkv alue netp ricei netw orkloadi evalconf irmation (hashu totalw orkv alue) then otecounts selectedv oteindex for each votei otecounts[blockhashi otecounts[blockhashi quorum then break signatureu sig (voteselectedv oteindex roadcast(selectedblockhash, signatureu ... block reward all nodes that have performed workload receive block generation reward proportion their total work value. when workload verification transaction that node included with that particular block, that node became the final block producer, the compensation received each node calculated follows. r(a) (a) (a) t)*( *pj *pi node selected final block producer, else r(a) total reward for node block finalization (a) reward for workloads reward for block generation block generation reward ratio number new vnt tokens issued this year (vnt) block generation cycle (sec) workload (net) and net price for node (vnt) workload (net) and net price for all nodes (vnt) number workload verification transactions node among the transactions the block number workload verification transactions all nodes among the transactions the block disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. penalty worker nodes that participate consensus within the vanta network are responsible for performing real-time networking jobs well creating and confirming blocks. thus, node does not perform the data transfer and processing roles properly, node does not act properly consensus participant, its participation the network will limited penalty, and the node will ineligible receive rewards. the nodes selected consensus nodes are worker nodes and will participate the role proposing, verifying, and confirming the blocks receive rewards for their own workload. even workload verification transactions nodes that are selected verifier confirmer nodes the current consensus round are not included the candidate block, the nodes will verify confirm the block soon possible, that the next block can contain its own workload verification transaction. eventually, the nodes that have their workload verification should participate every consensus round rewarded for their workload. vanta cryptoeconomics figure cryptoeconomics disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. token issuance the annual amount newly issued vnt tokens determined fixed rate percent, and the variable rate based the number tokens burnt the previous year. newly issued tokens are used incentives for nodes performing real-time networking workloads and participating block generation. tokens burnt will the zero address, similar ethereum. staking tokens for api usage (application developers) companies that want develop and operate services based vanta must stake vnts order transfer, process, and store data using the vanta api. there will expected amount workload per month required for each service, and service providers should stake vnts proportional it. all the functions for real-time networking vanta are measured vanta's work unit called net. service developer should stake vnts order get net corresponding monthly resource usage for their service. s=w*p total stake required (vnt) workload per month (net) net price (vnt) set developers for example, application developer needs ,-net total real-time networking resources per month for their application and the current average net price vnts, the developer can set the net price vnts and stake total vnts net vnts). the developer wants the jobs submitted its service processed faster wants processed nodes with higher performance, setting higher net price will prioritize processing for that job the network. when the application generates job request and the work processed the job worth net, vnt net vnts) set the price the job and propagated across the network. then, the nodes that are willing process the job for the price may competitively participate and process real-time data transmitting, processing, storing, and other networking tasks. twenty net, out the total available workload request net for the developer's service, will deducted for the job from its available workload request, and this deducted workload will filled the total available workload after days. the price net specified the developer too low the service users generate jobs that are worth higher than the assigned workload, the jobs will not processed the nodes. this case, the developer ust unstake and stake vnts for the new net price again stake additional vnts order allocate sufficient workload. therefore, more apps are developed for vanta, more developers will staking vnts. and the vanta network processes more workloads, the amount net required will increase, and each developer will have stake more vnts. the efficient market will constantly find equilibrium between cost service, performance, and reward. disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. finally, when unstaking vnt used purchase workloads, there may some tasks that are already being executed and hold. therefore, when unstaking vnt requested, vnt returned the developer's account after hours. staking tokens for api usage (end users) cases when application developer does not have sufficient funds continue providing its services, sudden influx users, when required the service's business model, developers can set staking rules for their end users. when new user joins the service, uses the service heavily, the developer can allow the end user stake the additional number tokens required for its workload. also, the end user can set monthly net usage limit, which can enable more user-level custom staking models. thus, the developer can prevent the malicious use the developer's net for unintended purposes. because these additional preventative measures, developers can choose stake all the required net for all users when they have enough funds. the case startups individual developers, they can let the users stake the required vnt tokens operate the service. total value resources for service net price (vnt) set service developer workload per month (net) shared for all service users net price (vnt) set service user workload per month (net) for service user number service users figure various staking scenarios based developer token funds custom business models disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. staking tokens join nodes any device can participate the vanta network contributors. they will working various real-time networking jobs, verifying each other, generating blocks, and receiving rewards. articipating nodes can divided into job tracker nodes, worker nodes, verifier nodes, depending their roles the network. worker nodes that perform real-time networking jobs and participate the consensus round are required stake amount vnts proportion its workload. verifier nodes act work verifiers for real-time network processing and can participate staking fewer vnts than worker nodes. therefore, the vanta network, smartphones and low-end pcs with low performance battery-related issues can easily contribute verifier nodes. addition, when existing services migrate vanta's network and apis, when new services are launched the network, the number users participating the network increases. these users' devices can easily contribute the reliability the network participating verifier nodes. burning tokens fees for unstaking developers must stake vnt tokens run their services vanta. depending the developers and their policies, participants/users may required stake vnt tokens well. when staking and unstaking tokens purchase workload, vanta generates fee, and the entire fee generated immediately burned. staking and unstaking vnts may occur when the net price required for job processing changes. when developer stakes vnts, the developer sets the net price, and the net price may change depending the market situation. the price set staking time for the workload too low execution time and the value the job too low, the priority for that workload may lowered. this may result delay service operation, nodes may not process that task all. the net price too low compared the price the staking point, the developer may want restake with low net price. also, service users generate job worth higher than the total workload allocated the developer, the nodes the network will not process the job the workload per purchase fully used. this case, the developer will have stake additional vnts gain additional workload capacity. for instance, when staking required participants use service, the number new vnt tokens staked will increase the number participants increases. eventually, the ecosystem expands, staking and unstaking behavior will occur more frequently, and the burning rate the entire vnt token supply will also increase. disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. figure cryptoeconomics graph disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. vanta architecture figure architecture disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. use cases figure use cases vanta platform blockchain create intelligent networks optimized for real-time communication. for individuals, vanta can used solve real-life problems. for developers, vanta can used create various services that will improve the solutions those real-life problems. more devices become connected through the network, more services will developed for the vanta ecosystem. the vanta team already collaborating with companies that will use vanta create diverse business opportunities. vanta will allow individuals and corporations develop real-time communications, games, broadcasting, iot-related services, and collaborate low costs. specifically, universities, hospitals, companies, and public institutions can easily implement private networks the form on-premise private blockchain. will easier for services achieve real-time networking with other services they also use vanta's intelligent network protocol, which will result the expansion businesses. will now look into more detail about how vanta can used specific industries. disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. communication one the key areas which vanta can integrated communication. once corporations begin utilizing the functions developing their services related communication, the possibility widespread usage this sector will become significant. customized forms real-time messenger services can developed for corporations use method sending and receiving messages and files, addition voice and video calling differentiating factor vanta that these functions will operate real-time. vanta api can used easily create communication services that provide both direct and group chat with voice/video call services. for instances where privacy and real-time communication are critical, such social dating services, overseas travel reservation services, well services that require direct communication between buyers and sellers, these functions can quickly added. bringing the communication happening outside these services, not only will vanta competitive but will gain insight collecting user data through legitimate means without violating user's privacy. end users can use the decentralized communication service safely. communication services like whatsapp, uber, and airbnb are using centralized api services like twilio incorporate communication capabilities into their services wilio had around corporate customers which was increase compared demand this area steadily increasing twilio's sales are growing million usd. video streaming (live vod) because vanta available for use developers and strategic partners, anyone can develop pp-based, decentralized video streaming service that can provide real-time networking between participating devices. this means that possible efficiently deliver high-quality, seamless video streams the world low cost. therefore, using vanta can lead more content production because the cost service development and operation greatly reduced. additionally, the costs saved can reinvested with the content creator supplier. live video streaming can used for online lectures, broadcasting, sports, and game relaying. vanta will create the next generation video streaming business that will allow video demand (vod) services, where various content such movies, entertainment, and music can produced and supplied. disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. internet things figure internet things because vanta network which each peer connected organically, directly connects, and processes data depending the environment and performance each other, well suited for seamlessly connecting many iot devices that are scattered everywhere and transferring data. addition, iot devices such smart refrigerators, smart tvs, and smart cars will participate the vanta network work nodes, which will greatly improve the processing performance the vanta network. many devices can developed based vanta, including processing cctv data, data from air pollution vehicle density measurement sensors, data from sensors various devices industry which are distributed each area, and iot-related services that can automatically exchange data required between devices. games vanta also applicable real-time, multiplayer-based games. generally, multiplayer game which three more players participate, game data relay server indispensable for delivering game data and between all the players. developing multiplayer-based game requires client and server development. addition, separate game servers need operated and managed provide stable game services. therefore necessary apply the multi-server model considering the various server failure situations that may occur during operation, which means that lot costs and development manpower are required for game development. disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. through the pp-based real-time data transfer function provided the vanta network, multiplayer game without the need additional back-end infrastructure setup possible. the developer may effectively share and synchronize game data generated from each player the entire devices that play the game through the vanta sdk. the vanta network, which includes large number peers, will enable more stable multiplayer game services various network situations. ecosystem business development the overall value the blockchain industry and businesses increasing. even though the overall market capitalization cryptocurrencies can fluctuate greatly, global research groups, financial advisors, and various media channels are forecasting additional growth blockchain technology's business value for example, gartner forecasts that the total market value blockchain-related businesses will grow more than billion usd and will reach more than trillion usd also, many believe that blockchain technology will implemented several major government agency systems. personal information, including government records, credit history, educational background, and medical information, can easily stored and transferred through blockchain technology. thus, everyone can have access useful information moving away from the centralized social structure seen with the status quo. blockchain technology also expected reduce corruption. nobody can sure about how blockchain technology will advance blockchain market growth, but important note that blockchain technology will continue evolve and will continue grow size well. efforts overcome the current limitations centralized networks will lead the advancement and growth the blockchain technology industry. the vanta platform that aiming decentralize real-time networking can further developed through the global interest such technologies and efforts recognition for their demand. addition, the vanta team will continue pursue sustainable development and ecosystem expansion the vanta platform. vanta dapp ecosystem expansion vanta blockchain platform that aiming expand its blockchain ecosystem through collaborating with dapps build top vanta. focusing the specialties real-time networking and allowing them converge between different dapps, the vanta team will encourage more individuals and corporations participate our ecosystem. addition, through dapp development competition events targeted universities and startups, will promote creative real-time, networking-based dapps enrich vanta's ecosystem. vanta aims innovate the dapp ecosystem making easy develop apps that can used various fields, such communications, entertainment, education, online offline, travel, and finance, well enterprise-level dapps. disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. vanta consulting blockchain customizing strategy blockchains and decentralization networks are innovative technologies that are presenting new paradigm and leading into the future, and they may gradually replace centralized models found with the status quo. technology rapidly evolving, and its speed accelerating. however, the speed those technologies actually being applied our daily lives has not been fast. for example, ipv, which more advanced technology than the existing and old ipv standard, still taking lot time for mainstream adoption. the vanta team plans support the migration existing systems and applications the vanta network providing consulting services allow customizable solutions for enterprise customers existing industries. pstn: possible enable communications between vanta user and user outside the vanta network supporting the interworking with the current communication network. addition, the current pstn line operators can create new business model providing pstn vanta users low price through connection with vanta. sms: vanta users can send and receive sms messages provided the service provider. voip: supports interworking with ip-based devices such phones, possible communicate through the vanta network using the current system is. replacement communication equipment: introducing private vanta blockchain, enables the replacement current hardware software cloud-based communication devices such pbx, sbc, and media gateway. disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. vanta team partners vanta team the vanta team specialized telecommunications networks, data processing, and blockchain. the team capable bringing mass adoption the vanta network via partnerships with global enterprises. disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. vanta partners disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. vanta token distribution the vanta network consists billion vanta (vnt) tokens. total will raised[da] via token sales. ten percent tokens will given the team who are core contributors the vanta network. most the budget will dedicated developing performance optimization and further function development. the vnt tokens shall distributed the follows. figure token distribution disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. references magharei, rejaie, and guo, "mesh multiple-tree: comparative study live streaming services," infocom, micali, silvio; rabin, michael o.; vadhan, salil (). "verifiable random functions". proceedings the ieee symposium foundations computer science. pp. schulzrinne, casner, frederick, jacobson. "rtp: transport protocol for real-time applications", july https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc jones, ellenbogen, ohlmeier. "dtls tunnel between media distributor and key distributor facilitate key exchange draft-ietf-perc-dtls-tunnel-", october https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-perc-dtls-tunnel- jennings, jones, barnes. "srtp double encryption procedures draft-ietf-perc-double-", october https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-perc-double- baugher, mcgrew, naslund, carrara, norrman. "the secure real-time transport protocol (srtp)", march https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc stewart, ed. "stream control transmission protocol", september https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc rescorla, modadugu. "datagram transport layer security", april https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc ontology, new high-performance public multi-chain project distributed trust collaboration platform", https://ont.io/wp/ontology-technology-white-paper-en.pdf castro, miguel, and barbara liskov. "practical byzantine fault tolerance." operating systems design and implementation ():-. ethereum foundation. ethereum, https://www. ethereum.org/. gilad, hemo, micali, vlachos, and zeldovich. algorand:scaling byzantine agreements for cryptocurrencies. cryptology eprint archive, report research and markets, "video streaming market streaming type global forecast may https://www.researchandmarkets.com/reports//video-streaming-market-by-streaming-type-li cisco, "cisco visual networking index: forecast and trends, -", november https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/solutions/collateral/service-provider/visual-networking-index-vni/wh ite-paper-c-.html disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. statista, "size the global internet things (iot) market from (in billion u.s. dollars)", august https://www.statista.com/statistics//global-internet-of-things-market-size/ gartner, "gartner says billion connected "things" will use percent from february https://www.gartner.com/en/newsroom/press-releases/---gartner-says--billion-connectedthings-will-be-in-use-in--up--percent-from- bmi research, "towards megatrends industry, politics and the global economy, edition", april gartner, forecast: blockchain business value, worldwide, march https://www.gartner.com/doc//forecast-blockchain-business-value-worldwide disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. disclaimer this document whitepaper setting out the current and possible future development the vanta network token ("vnt") and vanta. the scope this disclaimer includes but not limited the following: this whitepaper for informational purposes only and does not constitute offer solicitation sell shares securities vanta any related associated vanta. any such offer solicitation would only made confidential offering memorandum and accordance with applicable securities and other laws. none the information analyses presented are intended form the basis for any investment decision, and specific recommendations are intended. accordingly, this whitepaper does not constitute investment advice counsel solicitation for investment any security. this whitepaper does not constitute form part of, and should not construed as, any offer for sale subscription of, any invitation offer buy subscribe for, any securities, nor should any part form the basis of, relied any connection with, any contract commitment whatsoever. any information included this document, such the vanta ecosystem, should not copied, modified, and distributed illegally without prior consent from the vanta team; please consult your professional financial, investment, and tax advisers before making any investment vanta initial coin offerings. the vanta team and vanta does not provide investment financial advice. this whitepaper does not constitute any relations between the buyer and the seller; vnt are not official legally binding investment any kind. due unforeseen circumstances, the objectives outlined this whitepaper, may altered. despite the fact that vanta intends implement all the points outlined this whitepaper, all persons and parties involved the purchase tokens their own risk; this whitepaper includes certain estimates provided vanta with respect the future performance vanta. such estimates reflect various assumptions the directors concerning the future performance vanta. these assumptions may may not prove correct. representations are made the accuracy such assumptions the estimates based thereon; vnt are utility tokens that provide access incentives, rewards system, and exchange data within the vanta platform. furthermore, vnt should not treated securities, nor they imply promise any equity, ownership in, profit sharing with any part vanta. vnt are non-refundable, are not for speculative investment, and they include promise future value performance, their own, metric vanta success; cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology have been scrutinized various regulatory bodies around the world. the functioning the vanta platform could impacted one more regulatory inquiries actions, including but not limited restrictions the use cryptocurrencies; disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. this whitepaper shall not legally bind vanta and its participants. the directors, officers, employees, and advisors the vanta shall neither warrant the accuracy and reliability this whitepaper nor hold any responsibility thereof; vnt not provide the right receive profit, income, other payments revenues attributable vnt's acquisition, holding, management, disposal redemption. any right, interest, ownership, privileges the vanta platform any other property vanta can expire whole part; the risk loss trading holding cryptocurrencies and tokens can substantial. therefore, you should carefully consider whether trading holding cryptocurrencies suitable for you light your financial condition. forks and changes the relevant network may result significant and sudden changes the value and/or usability cryptocurrencies and tokens. vanta not responsible for such loss value cryptocurrencies and tokens and bears responsibility for any loss incurred you while using the vanta platform any direct indirect connection the vanta platform; vnt are issued the ethereum blockchain. this regard, any failure incorrect operation the ethereum protocol may disrupt the transaction network unexpected ways; technologies related blockchain networks are the subject supervision and control various regulatory bodies across the globe. vnt may become subject regulation, including restrictions the use ownership vnt, slow limited functionality, limited possibilities for vnt redemption; cryptocurrencies, including vnt and other associated and related technologies, are new and untested and outside your vanta's control, and adverse changes market forces the technology, broadly construed, will excuse the nonperformance vanta, including temporary interruption permanent termination your access the platform services; hackers other groups organizations may attempt interfere with your account the platform's performance number ways, including, without limitation, denial service attacks, sybil attacks, spoofing, smurfing, malware attacks, consensus-based attacks; there risk that vanta platform may unintentionally include weaknesses bugs the source code interfering with the use causing the loss tokens and cryptocurrencies; you are not eligible and you will not able purchase any vnt through its token sale you are citizen resident (tax otherwise) any country state where the purchase vnt similar cryptocurrencies and tokens may prohibited the token sale deemed noncompliant with the applicable laws and regulations your country. citizens residents countries where coin sales are restricted may subject penalties for the purchase coins; the publication, distribution, dissemination the vanta whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws any jurisdiction, regulatory requirements, rules have complied. vanta and its respective past, present, and future employees, officers, directors, contractors, consultants, equity holders, suppliers, vendors, service providers, parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, representatives, predecessors, and successors will not liable for any damages any kind, including, but not limited to, direct, consequential, incidental, special indirect damages (including, but not limited to, lost profits, loss revenue, third-party loss whether foreseeable otherwise, disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved. trading losses damages that result from the use loss use the website) tort, contract, otherwise, arising out connection with any acceptance of, reliance on, the whitepaper any part thereof purchasers vnt; vanta may amend, add, delete any part the whitepaper for any reason any time and will make public, the case may be, its website, blog, otherwise, where any amendment, addition, deletion made; this whitepaper and its contents are confidential and should not distributed, published reproduced whole part disclosed recipient(s) any other person; vanta may any time, refuse the request token purchase where the participant, who wishes involved the token transactions connection with this whitepaper, provides insufficient, inaccurate, misleading identity information, the participant suspicious being restricted participant; addition, there shall not allowed any transactions with the fund involving coins tokens attained from criminal gains such drug dealing for the purpose money laundering terrorism financing. where any restricted participants purchases tokens makes purchase with illegal and unauthorized funds and purpose, such transactions may prohibited restricted any time, and the purchase such tokens may cancelled invalidated; this whitepaper and related documents may translated into other languages, and the whitepaper english shall given priority the event conflicting interpretation. disclaimer information provided not for general distribution but provided give general knowledge those interested vanta. this not offer, invitation recommendation investment, nor purchase the product. description and plan how vanta will proceed developing the platform. vanta reserves the right make changes any the above statements any time without giving notice and shall not responsible any way for any use reliance such information any person. individuals are required seek their own independent legal advice and legal liability shall subjected this document. (c) vanta. all rights reserved.