development plan and whitepaper version ... preface the vechain team and the vechain blockchain and platform has been running for more than two and half years. during our journey, have met many people who share our goals. our business partners, both enterprises and individuals, dare explore this new technology with passion, dreams, and strong beliefs. moreover, have accumulated experience with use cases from different industries adjust and resolve any necessary corrections during this process. will continue defining the right path take when implementing this "disruptive technology" that will change the world. our original vision has never changed. the dream still the same before, that is: building trust-free and distributed business ecosystem platform enable transparent information flow, efficient collaboration, and high-speed value transfers. nine months have passed since the release the vechain ico. the vision stays the same but our various missions have been reshaped gradually along with the rapid development the entire blockchain industry. vechain aims the platform support blockchain-based business applications offering real economic and social value. after comprehensive study existing public blockchain platforms (including ethereum) and countless discussions and debates with multiple business partners, identified reasons which enterprise and large consumer-focused applications are not yet blockchain. the largest identified hurdles are not about the technology, but instead are related other critical aspects the blockchain's operational design. we've identified four key hurdles enterprise adoption blockchain. first, most public blockchains lack proper governance model. although decentralization the well-known cornerstone blockchain technology, has obvious defects leading inefficiency and poor capacity conduct fast iterations. believe scalability issues relating blockchain are not linked technical problems but consensus concerns governance. hard imagine world-wide used "software" "system" like bitcoin, with valuation more than billion dollars, conduct very few upgrades the past years. course, satoshi's original vision was brilliant, and the bitcoin blockchain functions originally designed and intended. but the use cases for blockchain have evolved, and continue evolve, changes the features and functions blockchain are inevitable. proper governance system, with transparency and operational efficiency, will enable continual and rapid innovation. second, the economic model almost every existing public blockchain directly indirectly links the transaction costs the total valuation the respective blockchain, resulting unpredictable and unnecessarily high transaction costs. most public blockchains there exists paradox: the greater the use blockchain, the higher the value tokens, but additionally the higher the cost use that blockchain, which discourages use and lowers total network value. business owners would accept running applications generally running new business blockchain, anywhere, unstable cost. additional complication present. token holders want the value token increase, and enterprise users want stable and/or low. proper economic model has introduced the next generation public blockchains order resolve these conflicts. third, ecosystem will require many participants other than just technical blockchain experts. matter fact, more business players than expected care about appropriate solutions other than merely technology. usually, they expect see solutions require combinations number technologies such blockchain, iot, big data and a.i. current blockchain ecosystems also require each business owner motivated, deeply involved and innovative create new business values out blockchain technology. the current blockchain world lacks those who can connect the technology business use cases providing such solutions. therefore the common infrastructure services natively blockchain must allow technical and business developers assemble solutions add value their business. last but not least, the capacity comply with regulation and changes will one the key requirements for any utilized blockchain solutions. this necessary regulators and governments follow the massive adoption blockchain knowledge and understanding the general public and business owners. address all the above, vechain has created the vechainthor blockchain. this innovation represents the next generation public blockchains, called blockchain includes the following key features: new governance model new economic model regulation and compliance capabilities vechainthor mainnet and matching infrastructure services table contents background kick-off the understanding blockchain technology synergy and value transfer data availability and transparency the vision vechain and the vechainthor blockchain distributed business ecosystem the "blood" the distributed ecosystem vechain token (vet) and vechain energy vethor (vtho) vechain perspective about blockchain technology governance model and design principles and philosophy governance structure governance structure stakeholders with voting authority stakeholders stakeholders, blockchain operation nodes and multilayer certification voting authority model ... vet holders (ve) ... smart contract owners (so) ... active authority masternode holders (an) ... aggregation general voting ... subject ... voting authority counting day and voting day ... voting platform and procedure the board steering committee mission membership ... size, composition and criteria ... term, retirement and termination ... new board nomination and election conduct the board steering committee meetings ... number meetings ... selection agenda items ... attendance ... distribution materials; board presentations ... attendance non-members ... minutes board compensation advisory board composition membership functional committees committees functional committee meetings committee reports the board function committees ... technical committee ... operational committee ... public relation committee ... regulation committee ... compensation and nomination committee communication and disclosure communication with the board disclosure ethics and conflicts interest economic model and design background model design philosophy model settings estimation supply and demand vtho supply vtho demand for vtho transaction cost token price modelling economy masternodes vechainthor core payment model transaction model transaction account nonce transaction dependency transaction-based proof work multi-task transaction proof authority protocol detail ... when ... who ... how choose the trunk? ... system continuity attack long range attack architecture and applications development methodology development vechainthor architecture four-layer technology stack vechainthor platform vechainthor platform structure ... blockchain abstract layer ... business application abstract layer ... architecture breakdown more technical details vid generation and hash algorithm storage vid blockchain digital ownership blockchain data hashed storage (proof data) standard api gateway service discovery protocol (sdp) micro-service hashed storage service (hss) blockchain and iot challenges iot technology blockchain and iot iot development vechainthor blockchain technical testing technical roadmap use cases and applications fashion and luxury food safety oversea liquor tracking platform for d.i.g mystory cold-chain assurance solution automobiles digital maintenance logs "green driving" supply chain asset management for kuehne nagel supply chain risk management with logsafer the agricultural industry government affairs this just the beginning vechain foundation economy funding sources initial funds and token release digital assets investment professional services fund budgeting fund use restriction financial plan and implementation reports digital asset management disclosure legal affairs exemption clause settlement dispute clause introduction the team and team members appendix independence without association with stakeholders appendix members the first board steering committee and advisory board appendix references background kick-off everything starts from the white paper released mysterious man, known satoshi nakamoto, october this white paper, followed the first genesis block generated january rd, represents the birth blockchains. the journey started with doubts, speculation, hype and fears, but most importantly the chance that this technology, like any new technology, could change the world. bitcoin recognized blockchain from even though only few people devoted themselves it, there were still innovative trials and explorations blockchain technology. the general adoption blockchain the world was slowly progressing. the release the ethereum white paper and go-live represents giant leap blockchain technology development through the introduction smart contracts and the associated execution those contracts through virtual machines. ethereum's demonstration that blockchain can describe more complicated activities deploying and running smart contracts has earned the rightful recognition blockchain ethereum demonstrated that blockchain was longer intellectual exercise that had applicability the real-world. suddenly, enterprises and governments began take notice the many new use-cases enabled smart contracts. well-known article, "blockchain: the trust machine", published the economist october started spread blockchain the mainstream. the following two years, and the dominance bitcoin dropped from more than less than total cryptocurrency market capitalization, rapidly showing the prosperity ideas, innovations, and developments blockchain along with more fears, uncertainties, doubts, and speculation. today the majority the enterprise world say that "it's all over again" and that blockchain going change the world like the internet did the last years, but shorter time frame. despite the growing public enthusiasm for blockchain's potential, there are still very few business applications major concern running any existing public blockchain. vechain aims change that forever. the metaphor standing the shoulders giants expresses the meaning "discovering truth building previous discoveries". vechainthor humbly stands the previous discoveries ethereum (blockchain and bitcoin (blockchain .). because them, have been able design complete, holistic blockchain with the governance structure, token economics, regulatory compliance, and community ecosystem continually and incrementally evolve the blockchain protocol absorb any innovation and satisfy the needs the community, investors, enterprise clients, and academic and governmental partners. this regard, vechainthor will blockchain etc. for this reason, refer vechainthor not blockchain but blockchain furthermore, due the expected rate adoption and forecast vechainthor future, recognize that vet would primarily calculated using fractionals smart payments. with the mainnet launch's token swap, will conduct coin split alleviate this concern. that time, every vet owned will exchanged for result the coin split, the requirements for vet allocation all nodes will also increase factor more details can found later sections. the understanding blockchain technology synergy and value transfer the world traditional business, all kinds collaborative and business operations well the financial industry agree that trust the biggest cost doing business. blockchain technology "the trust machine". the essence blockchain internet protocol and collection technologies about trust. can define the meaning blockchain from three dimensions data, system and application. from the data point view, blockchain distributed database system that continuously updated chronological order. the data can only added but not tampered with. from the system point view, blockchain distributed and real-time synchronized system, allowing participants from different parties create, access and maintain the data through mechanism for consensus. makes the entire blockchain network act giant computer formed multiple nodes located everywhere with network connections and full replication data. from the application point view, blockchain standard global platform that allows multiple participants connect the same time and manage all digital objects, users, and their relative operations with the consent protocol. the development information technology and the internet has made collaboration more efficient and convenient. however, because concerns regarding trust, the majority such efficient collaboration exists only within one entity like enterprise organization. when collaboration occurs between different entities, people regularly still use technology from years ago, like e-mail even fax. systems integration actually not simple seems, with various issues concerning data security, business confidentiality, privacy, legal liability and on. for example, typical business collaboration such supply chain (as the graphic shows below) includes different participants such brand, manufacturer, distributor, retailer, consumer, regulator and relative service providers. all the parties manage the same target-product and share the same goal create product value different stages. however, due the lack sufficient trust, the collaboration still peer-to-peer model and uses traditional tools. such, largely the data exchange inefficient and expensive. such traditional product life cycle, even the logistics have been relatively smooth and efficient, the flow information often fragmented and the financial support relatively inefficient. blockchain technology can establish new trust-free sharing business collaboration model (as the graphic shows below). various parties can ensure the security data convenient and smooth manner. with the support more timely and accurate information flow, value transmission can occur simultaneously with other business activities. this way, each enterprise can increase the utilization rate cash flows, and greatly improve the efficiency value transmission order support more business development. figure traditional business collaboration distributed business collaboration blockchain looking back through the history technological development, the first years concerned the technology physical flows like transportation. the past years advanced information flows over the internet. now, blockchain considered and recognized technology improving value flows solving the trust problem. foresee use cases and applications built blockchain the very near future influencing our daily lives, just like the internet the present. data availability and transparency most enterprises and individuals or, generally speaking, business owners, have three types data: public data, such enterprise data that publicly available the official website. private data, such client information, r&d documents, and financial reports for nonlisted companies. permitted and shared data, which usually exists between different collaborative partners such the data from identification, logistics, supply-chain, payment information, aftersale service and on. the first two kinds data are generally easily understood. the interesting part the third type data, which usually has collected and used private data participants. for example, after car sold the consumer, the accumulating data the car fragmented across multiple parties such service providers, spare parts providers and insurance companies. this data has huge potential value the fragments can organized and grouped together. the current reality that difficult and expensive for data users like insurers and banks collect adequate and accurate data across various data types for future services. ultimately, these data collection costs are contributing factors the cost charged the consumers. blockchain technology can break this asymmetric information problem and allow ownership data return and empower its owner. blockchain creates massive efficiencies data fungibility and the data extraction, transformation and loading processes when moving data from one distinct environment another. through this, blockchain able allocate the value data different contributors service providers. for instance, the automobile scenario described above, the data accumulated during ownership should naturally owned the vehicle owner. well designed motivation mechanism can executed smart contracts incentivize the data contributors allocating shared value from cost savings use cases like insurance programs automobile trading activities. simply put, the car scenario, the automobile owner should gain the value from authorizing their comprehensive data insurer paying less for the insurance package. they should share this value with the maintenance provider who contributed the data. such blockchain ecosystem, the signature example blockchain use case, summed the following statement values: "you pay the right for what you get and earn the right for what you share." renato grottola, svp global director m&a and digital transformation, dnv gl. blockchain technology allows the chance create new and better world putting data ownership and monetization the hands the people who generate that data. the vision vechain and the vechainthor blockchain the vision vechain and the vechainthor blockchain build trust-free and distributed business ecosystem platform enable transparent information flow, efficient collaboration, and high-speed value transfers. the vision manifested through several qualities. this ecosystem, the information relatively transparent and symmetrical. large portion the source profit comes from the realization actual value. this ecosystem, individual business parties can greatly reduce the potential trust cost between additional parties. this makes business cooperation simpler, more efficient and less expensive. this enables the business concentrate resources more advanced technology and better products and services create more value. this ecosystem, each business owner, including enterprises and individuals, can position themselves based their contribution and value, and obtain fair reward. this ecosystem, all business activities are like individual dots running isolated the blockchain platform. through business use cases and innovations new links can discovered among the dots maximizing the features blockchain. this results interconnected webbing dots across the entire ecosystem. this ecosystem, the value growth comes from building links dots create grouped value. example linking between car company and consumer. from this created value you can find organic growth out newly discovered links that can carried high-speed value transmission between these now grouped dots and links. the forms value created and serviced will commodities, products, services, assets and funds. the vechainthor blockchain the platform carry out this future ecosystem with robust blockchain core infrastructure, matching infrastructure services, proper governance and economic design, growing community and business engagement. distributed business ecosystem the vechainthor platform, there are several main types participants: business owners all kinds entities such enterprises, individuals, organizations, departments governments and regulators that build and run business applications the vechainthor blockchain provide products and services users. application service providers application service providers help the business owners that not have the individual adequate capabilities build the necessary applicational development and services the vechainthor blockchain. smart contract providers enterprises, individuals, that are capable providing technical services build and run smart contracts for business owners develop blockchain applications professional, modulated and efficient manner. infrastructure service providers enterprises and individuals directly participate the vechainthor blockchain and maintain full nodes running and ensuring the integrity the vechainthor blockchain network generating and verifying blocks. enterprises and individuals develop and run the specific functional nodes provide matching infrastructure services for ecosystems like audit services, wallet services, kyc services, voting services, smart contract certification services, smart contract library services and on. vechain foundation the vechain foundation (also referred "the foundation") the centralized organization formed the decentralized vechain community carry day day operations for developing and maintaining the vechainthor blockchain, community building and management, business engagement, technical research and design, public services provision, and on. the vechain foundation responsible for organizing and representing the entire vechain community and for setting the steering committee with seven seats, which could expand depending the stage development, lead the core team vechain. vechain community the vechain community formed all entities who are willing participate and contribute the development the vechainthor ecosystem, rewarded accordingly, and categorized different level token holding below after token split when mainnet launches: mjolnir (,, vet) and mjolnir node (,, vet) thunder (,, vet) and thunder node (,, vet) strength (,,) and strength node (,, vet) vethor node vet) and normal token holders application users. the "blood" the distributed ecosystem vechain token (vet) and vechain energy vethor (vtho) the entire distributed business ecosystem considered organic body, then the blockchain infrastructure the skeleton, and applications and services are the muscles and organs. such body needs the circulation the blood, and the blood corresponds the vechain tokens vechain token (vet) and vechainthor energy a.k.a vethor (vtho), carrying the value transfers and executing transactions the vechainthor blockchain network. vechain token (vet) the "smart money" "smart value" vechainthor ecosystem which programmable and executable the smart contracts carry value transferring along with commercial activities running the vechainthor blockchain. besides that, vechain token (vet) can discovered key element build the links among dots the ecosystem. vechain foundation has distributed more than vechain tokens, including portion burnt tokens (in total ,,. erc vet) during the refunding process, the community through different processes including private sale, public sale, promotions, business collaborations, marketing activities, research programs and on. the vechain foundation will continuously and progressively distribute vechain tokens the community through various activities the coming years. meanwhile, vethor the energy the cost carrying the payment transactions and smart contract transactions. vethor generated from vechain tokens over time. more details will elaborated the economic model section below. course, such development the ecosystem will through different stages, and flexible open possibilities. better fusion with the traditional business world will help the transformation traditional commercial activities. after businesses discover the new business model, they will progressively form distributed business ecosystem. this will require commitment, innovation and contributions from all participants the community whether enterprises, individuals, business owners service providers. vechain will support, sponsor and motivate the outstanding business and technical partners join together this journey creation and changing the world leveraging best practices the various industries help the right people what they best. accordance with our experiences bringing blockchain technology down earth the past two years, have summed the following steps developing blockchain applications: identify the most promising breakthrough applications each industry with the leading strategic players; use cases should focused real problem solving, new value creation; business scenarios usually require many participants, and space for expansion more; targeted players and targeted use cases have considerable influence over one more industries; and the possibility discovering links between isolated dots. this development, the tactics need expand both horizontally and vertically: horizontally, replicate the best practices more, similar use cases; vertically, connect more players developed use case. more participants will bring more extensive collaboration, more efficient value flow, and better chances create new coupling business model, and eventually build the distributed business ecosystem progressive way. vechain perspective about blockchain technology has been proven many times through history that the development any new technology usually will through the following important stages: the first stage the technical barriers which the differentiating factor whether entity capable using the new technology not; the second stage the business barriers. this stage, the development technology has been advancing significantly, with the attraction social resources this technology, with talent transferring from other fields join related professions. more technical theories and skills are shared, and technical barriers become increasingly blurred. the quality delivery products and services through this technology becomes prominent instead. the capability transferring technology commercial applications and business value, rather than merely technological capability, the key; the third stage the one with the barriers scale. this stage, the snowball effect quite obvious, and the advantage being able upscale becomes more and more significant. this stage more business and social activities, more participants and players, well the development more applications leads faster growth ecosystem; the fourth stage the subdividing phase. this stage, the technology now use industrial scale, and its pattern basically formed. new breakthroughs are discovered through the division individual fields with more concentrated resources and efforts pushing the limit efficiency and value products and services; the fifth stage, the birth new technology creates new cycle. when the ultimate limit has been reached within the current technology, new technology will born disrupt the current system and initialize new cycle. generally, blockchain technology will not exceptional this "routine". today, blockchain technology still has significant progress outstanding with space for improvement. this standard have entered into the early moments the second stage. therefore, this development plan not only includes the algorithms and technical details required whitepaper, but more importantly, also focuses the concept and design the business ecosystem, and the technical support necessary for further development. have been and will humble about the importance and development blockchain technology and other matters. have created the necessary good start accomplish the tasks providing comprehensive core blockchain technology, diversified technical teams with iot and experts, and iteration mechanism driven business applications. governance model and design even though decentralization the cornerstone blockchain technology, complete decentralization has been proven have obvious defects every applied method, including bitcoin and ethereum. although these projects kicked off with idealized decentralization designs, this time publication, they have naturally and progressively become more centralized through large wallets holding significant portion tokens, major manufacturers bitcoin mining machines, mining pools with large share total hash power, leading wallet service providers, the biggest influencers the community and on. idealized decentralization utopia even the crypto and blockchain world. believe the balance decentralization and centralization which vechainthor platform's governance designed. the balance the platform varies and adopts the different stages development the blockchain technology and ecosystem. vechain aims build governance model with continuous iterations along with progress development. the following governance principles and charters are adopted the vechain foundation serve flexible framework assist the board steering committee (referred as, the "board" "sc") the exercise its responsibilities. these governance principles reflect the board's commitment monitor the fairness and effectiveness policy and decision making for the foundation. these governance principles should interpreted the context all applicable laws, vechain foundation charter documents and other governing legal documents. these governance principles are subject modification from time time the board. principles and philosophy governance structure the governance structure and principles are designed for visibility, inclusiveness, transparency, flexibility and efficiency. they are designed facilitate the development, innovation, coordination and advancement the vechainthor blockchain ecosystem. governance structure the vechain foundation nonprofit entity, committed the development, governance and advancement the vechain platforms ecosystem. the decentralized operating mechanism the blockchain technology grants the foundation unique governance structure. the diagram below provides stylized view the foundation's current governance structure. figure vechain foundation governance structure the board steering committee the governing body the vechain foundation. selected identifiable stakeholders with vet voting authority. the steering committee lays out the critical strategies and selects functional committee chairs oversee the operational units the foundation. stakeholders with voting authority stakeholders the vechainthor platform, the stakeholders are the vet holders and some them have specific roles such smart contract owners and authority masternode holders. each the stakeholders hold voting rights calculated the voting authority model. the stakeholders can individuals, corporations, government agencies, non-profit entities and other institutions with valid legal status. the stakeholder voting mechanism ensures the inclusiveness all designated stakeholders the vechainthor blockchain ecosystem. stakeholders, certification blockchain operation nodes and multilayer the following table summarizes the minimum vet holding requirement for each category stakeholder and their corresponding voting authority (after mainnet launch and token split). minimum vet requirement stakeholders with voting authority vet holders without kyc (veok) vet holders with kyc (vek) individual smart contract owner (so-i) enterprise smart contract owner (so-e) individual authority masternode holder (an-i) enterprise authority masternode holder (an-e) voting authority besides the minimum vet holding requirement, the stakeholders need apply for their status the vechain portal and submit the required information for verification except for veok. vet holders who pass the kyc verification the vechain portal will assigned with vevid, which allows them apply for the smart contract owner authority masternode holder status. there are active authority masternode holders the vechainthor platform. the votes authority masternode holders the waitlist not count towards the voting authority this category. note: detailed application and verification requirements will released with the launch vechain portal. voting authority model ... vet holders (ve) vet holders without kyc (veok) each vet holder account without kyc who has more than vet the account the voting authority counting date has vote; the total voting authority for vet holders without kyc (veok) accounts for "#$% overall voting authority. vet holders with kyc (vek) each vet holder with kyc verification who has more than vet their account the voting authority counting date has vote; the total voting authority for vet holders with kyc (vek) accounts for "#% overall voting authority. ... smart contract owners (so) each smart contract owner who meets the minimum vet holding requirement (individual vets, enterprise vets) the voting authority counting date has vote. the total voting authority for smart contract owners (so) accounts for overall voting authority. ... active authority masternode holders (an) each active authority masternode holder holding minimum vets their account the voting authority counting date has vote. the total voting authority for authority masternode holder (an) accounts for overall voting authority. ... aggregation the final voting result can computed as: "#$% v"#$% "#% v"#% v+$ v-. where v"#$ v"# v+$ and v-. stand for the voting results for groups veok, vek, and an. all the weights satisfy "#$% and their values can adjusted the steering committee when deemed appropriate. the vote single address can only counted towards the category based its highest status. through this equation example result for veok may split "yes" and "no" yes vote. figure vechain aggregate voting authority general voting ... subject the following fundamental subjects will voted the stakeholders according their voting authority: the election the new board steering committee; the modification the fundamental consensus mechanism technical parameters; and other subjects that the board steering committee deem necessary for general voting. ... voting authority counting day and voting day prior each vote the foundation will announce detailed rules such voting authority counting day, voting day and minimum participation rate. stakeholders sign for the upcoming vote the voting authority counting day, and their vet holding and status will checked determine their voting authority. the voting day, all the stakeholders who signed for the voting will able cast their vote via the vevote service. periodical voting events such the election steering committee members will announced least one month prior the voting day. for ad-hoc voting events, the foundation will make the announcement case case basis. ... voting platform and procedure the general voting activities shall use the vevote service, designed ensure anonymity, accuracy and make manipulation impossible. for the election the new board steering committee, the nomination committee, with assistance from the administrative unit, will announce the nomination list, voting authority counting date and vote date. candidates with the highest votes gain the membership the board accordance with its predetermined size. the nomination committee will announce the election results for the new board steering committee within hours ballot end time. for other subjects listed above, the option(s) receiving the highest voting authority shall applied. detailed rules will announced for each voting activity advance. the steering committee will announce the voting results within hours ballot end time for hoc subjects voting. addition, for any vote effective, the participant ratio each voter category total voters upon sign and the voting day needs above predefined threshold based the voting announcement. otherwise, the steering committee will entitled make the decision. details will released the vevote service. the board steering committee mission vechain foundation non-profit entity, committed the development, governance and advancement the vechainthor blockchain. the steering committee the governing body the vechain foundation. they define the important strategies and select functional committee chairs oversee the operation the foundation. designed for visibility, inclusiveness, transparency and efficiency, the foundation will ensure the development, innovation, coordination and advancement the vechainthor blockchain ecosystem. the board believes that all committee members represent the balanced interests the vechainthor blockchains multiple stakeholders whole. the board represents the vechainthor blockchain stakeholders' interest long-term development the technical infrastructure, business expansion, and vet value enhancement. the board also recognizes the important role the foundation plays the blockchain ecosystem and the importance providing active governance, designed ensure the safety and soundness the operations within the vechainthor blockchain. the board responsible for establishing the general oversight and framework, including the design the operating rules the blockchain, intended achieve these goals. the board's principal functions are to: propose and organize general voting activities for fundamental issues the vechainthor blockchain, including essential adjustments the consensus mechanism technical parameters, the election new boards steering committee and other subjects that the board steering committee deems necessary for general voting; review, approve, and monitor the foundation's major strategic, technical, financial, and business activities; review, modify and approve the governance principles the foundation; review, approve and monitor the foundation's annual budget, financial status including vet holdings, use proceeds and its major transactions; review, approve and monitor the procedure nomination and election the steering committee members, functional committee chair and the general secretary the foundation; and review, approve and monitor the operation model vtho (operating cost basis vechainthor blockchain) and valuation model vet including market making policies. membership ... size, composition and criteria size the steering committee. the number committee members will determined from time time the board, ranging between and the nomination sub-committee any member the board steering committee can make recommendations regarding the size the board, appropriate. the size the board designed ensure maintains the appropriate expertise, diversity and representation from different stakeholders effectively oversee the foundation's operation while maintaining compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. board composition. based the specific multi-stakeholders' nature blockchain, board members are divided into two categories: stakeholder members are representatives for different stakeholders with voting authorities, defined section ... stakeholder members the board from any single stakeholder institution, including the vechain foundation, end customers, developers, authority masternode holders and vet holders. stakeholder members that belong the same entity cannot occupy more than the committee seats; independent members are individuals who are not full-time employee any the stakeholders defined section ... least one seat should allocated independent members. board membership criteria. the board seeks members from diverse professional backgrounds with broad spectrum expertise that benefits the strategic guidance the foundation. board members should have the characteristics essential for effectiveness member the board, including but not limited to: integrity, objectivity, sound judgment and leadership; the relevant expertise and experience required offer advice and guidance the development strategy the foundation; the ability make independent analytical inquiries, collaborate effectively and contribute productively the board's discussions and deliberations; commitment enhancing the long-term value the vechainthor blockchain for stakeholders; understanding the foundation and blockchain operation, strategy and challenges; the willingness and ability devote adequate time and effort board responsibilities and serve committees the request the board; and not disqualified person defined below. "disqualified person" any person who convicted government criminal laws, does not satisfy the kyc verification requirements, charged other relevant regulations and bylaws. general secretary (gs). the general secretary elected the board steering committee the contact and responsible representative the board. the general secretary must member the steering committee and responsible for guiding and coordinating the communications between functional committees and the steering committee. the general secretary cannot employee member the board, defined above. the first steering committee members and general secretary are selected the founders and subject all the steering committee charter. ... term, retirement and termination term: the term for the steering committee two years fixed. retirement: the board does not favor mandatory retirement age for members. any member the board cannot continue member during the term, the member should submit written application the board stating the circumstances that not allow continuation. stakeholder members would count independent members the board upon their resignation, removal retirement employee the stakeholder company. the stakeholder members who transfer their employment from one stakeholder another would count towards the quota for new stakeholders they work for. termination: the members the board will immediately terminated the member becomes disqualified defined above; has missed two board meetings without valid reasons; have missed the annual meeting without valid reasons. the case termination voluntary leave, the members the advisory board, predetermined order, will substitute the seat until the end the fixed term. the substitute member cannot automatically become the candidate for the new board unless nominated during the nomination process below. ... new board nomination and election nomination: ensure the stability the foundation, the existing members the steering committee are automatically considered candidates for the new board. the case existing member being unwilling take the candidacy, the member should submit written notice withdrawal the nomination committee. the nomination committee can nominate candidates (for the election new board with the same size) candidates (for the election new board with increased size). also allow people apply candidates via written application, and the foundation will define the process assess the qualifications the applicants and let the community vote for the candidates included the shortlist nominees. the total number shortlisted nominees cannot exceed twice the proposed number the new board. the composition the nominees shall proportional the composition the new board. the shortlisted nominees shall announced two months before the election the nomination committee. election: the new board steering committee will elected eligible stakeholders with voting authority, two months before the term the existing board ends. the nominees will ranked number votes and the membership will granted the candidates with the highest number votes, based predetermined board size and the composition rule. the results the election will announced the nomination committee. conduct the board steering committee meetings ... number meetings the board shall hold minimum four scheduled meetings per year. addition the regularly scheduled meetings, unscheduled board meetings may called, upon proper notice, any time address specific needs the foundation. the unscheduled board meetings can called upon from the chairs the functional committee, members the steering committee, through the coordination the general secretary. ... selection agenda items the general secretary, coordination with the supporting administrative staff, should establish the agenda for board meetings. any member the steering committee, the functional committee and the advisory board may request item included any meeting agenda. one the four scheduled board meetings designated the annual meeting, scheduled one month before the fiscal year end the foundation. the agenda for board annual meeting: review and approve the foundation's one-year and five-year strategic plan; review and approve the proposals technical, operational and public relations development for next year; review and approve the foundation's annual budget; review and approve any adjustment the content the governance principles; review and approve any new appointment functional committee members and leaders the functional units; review and approve the operation model vtho (operating charge basis the vechainthor blockchain) and value estimation vet (including market making policies); and any other agenda items. the agenda for other scheduled board meeting: review new development the foundation and the progress towards the long-term strategic plan; review new development and challenges the technical, operational, public relations and legal committees; and any other agenda items. ... attendance all members the steering committee are expected attend and participate all board and applicable committee meetings. for the annual meeting, all members should attend person, unless there are special circumstances that not allow the member attend the meeting person. that case, the member should attend telephonically and notify the designated supporting administrative staff the general secretary advance the annual meeting. for the other scheduled and unscheduled board meetings, members may attend person voice video calls. the case that member unable attend meeting person telephone video, the member should notify the designated supporting administrative staff the general secretary advance with written explanations the circumstances. ... distribution materials; board presentations important for board members have appropriate materials topics that are discussed sufficiently advance the meeting date. board members can generally expect receive summaries and/or slides presentations several business days advance the meetings enable proper preparation. members should review material distributed advance such meetings. the event pressing need for the board meet short notice such materials would otherwise contain highly confidential sensitive information, recognized that written materials may not available advance the meeting. for each the scheduled agenda items, the related person-in-charge should make clear presentation the board with supporting materials and slides. ... attendance non-members the board believes that attendance key advisors, functional committee and unit leaders augments the meeting process and effectiveness. members the advisory board, functional committee and other functional unit employees may attend certain sessions board meetings the invitation the general secretary. such persons should prepared respond questions posed board members relating their areas expertise. attendance such individuals allows the most knowledgeable and accountable personnel communicate directly with the board. ... minutes the conclusions and decisions the board and committees well any directives functional units shall recorded the minutes their meetings. the minutes each meeting the board and its committees shall presented and approved the board the applicable committee customarily its next meeting. signed committee minutes shall included the board materials soon possible after being approved the committee and signed the applicable chair and general secretary. board compensation stakeholder and employee members the steering committee shall not receive additional cash compensation for service the board. independent members the committee are compensated competitively similar entities. the steering committee will periodically review the level and form the independent board member compensation. ensure alignment and motivate the board members, fixed amount vet should issued all the members (except members from vechain foundation) the steering committee and functional committee chairs, reviewed the compensation committee. the foundation will cover all travel expense and accommodation for board members who are not located the board meeting city the time each meeting. advisory board composition the foundation seeks members from diverse professional backgrounds with broad spectrum expertise serve the advisory board. the number advisors should not exceed the number steering committee members. the advisors are selected the board steering committee based diversity and expertise. membership the advisors must independent with direct association with any stakeholder the foundation. the case advisor becoming associated with stakeholder, the advisor should resign the member the advisory board upon his association. members the advisory board, predetermined order, serve standby members for members the steering committee the case termination voluntary leave any existing board member during the current term. the substitute members for the board will serve until the end the current term. the substitute member cannot automatically become the candidate for the new board unless nominated the nomination committee. members advisory board shall compensated with annual fixed vet compensation and travel expense for meeting attendance. functional committees committees the board has established the following committees: technical; operational; public relations; regulation; compensation; and nomination. each the committees should chaired one the board steering committee members advisory board members and include key managers the functional units members. the compensation and nomination committee should chaired independent member the board steering committee member from the advisory board. committee assignments and the designation committee chairs should based the members' knowledge, interests and areas expertise. the board may, from time time, form new committee disband current committee depending the circumstances. addition, the board may decide form hoc committees working groups from time time and determine the composition and areas responsibility such committees. functional committee meetings all standing committees shall meet regularly during the year and receive reports from foundation personnel developments affecting the committee's work. the committee chairs, necessary, shall establish the frequency and length committee meetings. committee members are expected prepare for, attend, and participate all committee meetings and should use their best efforts attend person. when necessary, member who unable attend person may attend telephone appropriate under the circumstances. member who unable attend meeting person and wishes participate telephone video expected notify the chairman the committee advance the meeting. committee reports the board the board agenda shall include regular reports from the chairs each its committees their proceedings and deliberations. the committees shall bring the board for consideration those matters and decisions which the committees judge special significance. these committees shall additionally provide written annual report the board their key activities during the year. the written report will provide confirmation that the committee has met all its obligations under its charter. function committees ... technical committee the technical committee comprises the core vechain blockchain technology developers. has the following responsibilities: plan for the current and future development the vechainthor blockchain, carry out the development and testing the planned new technologies and report the steering committee about the developmental progress; prepare technical documents, develop tools for and support individual enterprise developers develop applications the vechainthor blockchain; monitor the status the vechainthor blockchain and analyze and respond any emergency maintain system stability; monitor the usage the vechainthor blockchain, collect usage and market data, work with economists improve the economic model and suggest possible model parameter adjustment and report the steering committee; and identify future blockchain-related research areas, conduct internal research projects, collaborate with research institutions joint research projects and publish results international conferences and journals. ... operational committee the operational committee has the following responsibilities: set policies reporting, and refine the responsibilities for the functional units. the committee gives oversight the following: the finance unit; the human resource unit; and the administration unit; together with the key managers the finance unit, prepare budget plan, financing proposal, distribution plan and financial report the board steering committee; together with the key managers the human resource unit, lay out the personnel structure all the functional units the foundation. make recommendations talent search, compensation and incentives. prepare proposals the compensation committee and the board steering committee; together with the key managers the administration unit, lay out the functional structure and responsibility each department; facilitate the communications the functional units with the board steering committee; and other responsibilities approved the board steering committee. ... public relation committee the public relations committee has the following responsibilities: promote the vechainthor blockchain and the foundation with the community, stakeholders, business alliance and publicity; provide guidance the foundation's legal and compliance departments; retain healthy communications with the regulatory and supervisory departments governments; set procedures ensure reporting transparency; deliver important documents and announcements the vechainthor blockchain community, stakeholders, business alliance and publicity, when deemed appropriate the board steering committee; other responsibilities approved the board steering committee. ... regulation committee the regulation committee responsible for ensuring the operating compliance the foundation all relevant laws and regulations. any important risk, challenge issue should included the board meeting agenda. the regulation committee also responsible for supervising the internal audit for the daily operations discover and report any wrong doings situations non compliance. ... compensation and nomination committee the compensation and nomination committee responsible for setting the appropriate incentive system for the key managers the functional units the foundation. the committee shall establish procedures, subject approval from the board, assess the performance the management and apply incentive measures accordingly. the nomination committee also has the responsibility nominating candidates for the new board steering committee six months before the terms end the existing board. communication and disclosure communication with the board interested parties wishing communicate with the board may send email foundationboard@vechain.com. you may also communicate with the members the board email address any individual member the board, the full board, specific committee the independent members group directed the foundation executive secretary. all communications received will compiled the foundation administrative unit and submitted the steering committee quarterly basis more frequently appropriate. emails received via foundationboard@vechain.com are screened for junk commercial email and general solicitation. the communication does not involve ordinary business matter described below and specific board member named, the communication will forwarded that member. order expedite response ordinary business matters, the steering committee has authorized designated staff receive, research and respond, appropriate, behalf our members, including particular members its non-employee members, any communication regarding application service, referred "ordinary business matter." any board member may review any such communication response thereto. disclosure ensure the transparency the operation the foundation, the board steering committee will issue the annual and quarterly report summarize the operation, new development, performance and potential risks the foundation. the board and committee composition and executives' members should disclosed the annual report. any significant event changes the foundation's operation, strategy and board composition should disclosed through communication platforms timely manner. ethics and conflicts interest the board steering committee has adopted conflict interest policy. the conflict interest policy incorporates various provisions applicable corporate law, regulations and other standards adopted the foundation ensure that board and committee decisions are not impacted conflicts interest. members the board are expected avoid any action, position interest that conflicts with interest the foundation, gives the appearance conflict, accordance with the conflict interest policy and any rules adopted the foundation. when faced with situation involving potential conflict interest, members the board are encouraged seek advice from the general counsel from the legal unit from outside counsels designated the general counsel. economic model and design background financial characteristics are inherent every blockchain. proper economic model one the fundamental elements blockchain ecosystem, and key factor for its success. after studying the economic models most public blockchain networks, and several discussions with our business partners, especially corporations and enterprise business owners, discovered the largest obstacle adoption massive applications blockchain: the cost using blockchain directly linked token valuation. while the token valuation usually goes the volume use the blockchain ecosystem increases, the cost using blockchain dramatically varies depending whether party wishes conduct payment transactions smart contract transactions. this does not even mention the speculation and hype from investors and traders contributor the value blockchain. business owner would run applications business blockchain, anywhere, unpredictable and unstable cost. this section describes the vechainthor blockchain economic model that governs the vethor token (vtho) generation from vechain tokens (vet), estimation market demand and supply vtho, and vtho price modeling principles. summary, vtho generated via holding vechain tokens (vet) with velocity which established enable any user with vechain tokens (vet) make transactions extra cost the user holds the tokens for long enough. based the vtho generation model, can estimate the supply and demand vtho for each given day and dynamically for one year after the vechain mainnet officially launched. the total supply vtho calculated each day with the current the demand vtho includes smart contract execution and payment transactions. the vtho demand from the former estimated the forecast from the business development team and the vtho demand from the latter comparable cryptocurrency transactions data the past three months. the dynamic estimation supply and demand presented section stabilize the vtho price and maintain the equilibrium demand and supply vtho, the foundation might adjust variables the economic model when the demand close the total supply vtho. additionally provide general growth model for modeling token prices section generally, the vechain token (vet) price consists three parts: the present value all future vtho generated; the present value vechain tokens (vet) cryptocurrency; and the present value the use vechain tokens (vet) value transfer media (or smart money) the vechain blockchain. model design philosophy the basic principle designing the model prevent transaction fees from being directly exposed the volatility the price vechain tokens, making the vechainthor blockchain more suitable for conducting business/financial activities for both individual and enterprise users. our design, there are two levels vechain blockchains (referred henceforth 'vechain'). the lower level concerns blockchain-level operations such transferring tokens and executing smart contracts while the higher level, vechain holds applications that conduct complex business and financial activities. figure two levels vechain blockchains our model, design twin-token system facilitate activities both levels, namely, vet and vtho. the function vet serve value-transfer medium, other words, smart money, enable rapid value circulation within the ecosystem based vechain. the other hand, vtho represents the underlying cost using vechain and will consumed (or, other words, destroyed) after certain blockchain operations are performed. since vet represents the right use vechain, the model designed such way that vtho generated automatically via holding vet tokens. other words, whoever holds vet will given vtho for free and able use vechain for free long the operations performed consume less than the vtho generated. the vtho tokens can transferred and traded allow users acquire extra vtho for performing larger scale operations such running application hosted the vechainthor blockchain. model settings let first define some variables used describe our model settings. the amount vet the amount vtho the amount gas (in units one thousand gas), where gas the internal unit vechain price various blockchain operations. the name 'gas' adopted from the ethereum blockchain system. the amount time used accumulate vtho from vet. note that counted number blocks rather than conventional time units. the gas price vtho the generation speed vtho from vet mathematically, can write our model as: =v*v*t =p*g equation tells that there would vtho generated from vet every time block generated. equation shows how vtho tokens are spent the system. more specifically, when transaction put block, the system first calculates the amount required and then using equation which means that there would vtho spent. note that set the transaction initiator and can different from transaction transaction. larger would result the transaction being processed with higher priority the cost more vtho consumed and vice versa. expect the use vechain modest the beginning, but will increase rapidly the next two years. initialize the model parameters and such that the amount vtho generated from vet every day will enough for conducting twenty payment transactions. according our design, vechain will generate one block every seconds and each payment transaction requires gas. the current setting for parameter vtho per vet per block. therefore, for vet there will vtho generated every blocks hours). ideally, most the vtho tokens generated would spent pay for transactions vechain. our model, give users the flexibility vary when submitting transactions. theoretically, one could set very small allow transactions consume near zero vtho. large number users followed such practice, there would large stock vtho unspent, increasing the uncertainty the stability vechain. order prevent going below the minimum cost running transactions, users can only choose the range [pcdef pcdef where currently set pcdef vtho/kgas. expect average would correlated with the number applications running the vechain and active users who make transactions regularly. the minimum and maximum gas price vtho are designed prevent people exclusively occupying the blockchain and harming other transaction makers. all the transactions that have gas price outside the range would delayed not executed penalty the system. estimation supply and demand vtho supply vtho according baseline setting vtho per vet per day, each user with vet holding will generate vtho per day. the whole vechainthor blockchain, there will vtho generated from vet plus per day plus vhto usage that day rewarded authority masternodes. mathematically, define the market supply vtho for one day follows: sij,k (vk dij,k where, sij,k the market supply vtho each day; the velocity vtho generated each day for every vechain tokens (vet); the total number vechain tokens (vet); the percentage users actively trading vtho each day ('active traders'); the percentage tokens held the foundation; and dij,k the total vtho usage each day which awarded authority masternode holders who are assumed the same participation ratio note all vet has base generation this method. demand for vtho the demand for vtho includes two parts: smart contracts deployed the vechainthor blockchain enterprise users through applications and individual transaction payments. the demand vtho smart contract usage can estimated as: dij,k,+s piu/%w z]^ idz z,k where, dij,k,+s the market demand vtho each day smart contract execution; idz the average number ids each application has; z,k the average number transactions associated with each per day; the likelihood the application taking place; the estimated average gas usage for each smart contract execution; and piu/%w the vtho per k-gas price. will use this estimation our baseline model individual transaction payments: dij,k,i_ txk ki_ piu/%w where, dij,k,i_ the market demand vtho each day txk the estimated number transactions each day; ki_ the fixed kgas usage for each transaction payment; and piu/%w the vtho per kgas price. the total demand for vtho, therefore, estimated dij,k dij,k,+s dij,k,i_ transaction cost the design the twin-token model intends maintain some sustainable transaction cost using vechain blockchain. depends the market participation the vtho market and the demand and supply vtho, the foundation would adjust the minimum price vtho per gas, piu/%w achieve its goal. there clear long term trend the adjustment minimum piu/%w does not effectively stabilize the transaction cost, the foundation would adjust vtho generation velocity the supply the vtho based the current velocity. the demand vtho for the next six months estimated combination econometric forecasting models with the adjustments the inputs from the business development and marketing teams. the forecasting technique will continuously tested against all available data. different models might adopted estimate the vtho demand from the payment transactions and smart contracts. the market participation ratio will estimated using historical data. token price modelling our token price model built the share price model that has been widely the financial industry and probably the closest thing can borrow from our experiences. general, vtho could considered new kind utility accrued holding the vechain token (vet). particular, consider the price vet resulting from three parts: vet generates vtho; the future appreciation vet; and that vet tokens are used smart money. the general model the valuation vechain token (vet) designed followings: cde pvgf pvgg where, the market price vechain token (vet); the market vtho price; the discount rate, related the rate return holding vechain token (vet); the growth rate velocity vtho generation; pvgf the present value the present and anticipated future use vet cryptocurrency. can estimated based the growing perspective the whole cryptocurrency industry several comparable coins; pvgg the present value the present and anticipated future use vet smart money vechain. can estimated based the growth development applications and business strategic collaboration the future. have some idea what values these variables have, take the stock price data from the current top high tech companies and after calculation have the following results: j"wk and for pvgg cannot make any guess since would need future data evaluate it. the assumptions behind the pricing model are based theoretical research and believe the actual price will and should decided the market based the fundamental understanding that vtho will serving the cost use vechainthor blockchain which expected stable, controllable and predictable support applications running the platform. vechain foundation will announce and implement series macro-control measures near future. economy masternodes vechain economic node one that offers stability the ecosystem and act distribution power and privilege within the blockchains economy. vechain economic nodes also have representation within the ecosystems voting periods. for each vet held node, they represent one vote within the majority consensus. unlike authority nodes, economic nodes not produce blocks and ledger records. qualify economic node you must hold above vet and are defined the following minimum vet holdings (after mainnet launch and token split): mjolnir vet thunder vet strength vet economic nodes are rewarded portion vtho generated pool vet set aside the foundation. the allocated vet vtho reward pool reduces billion every months, until further notice after feb the allocation vet the foundation follows (after mainnet launch and token split): period vet vethor reward pool from node monitoring (sept feb billion vet from mar aug from sept feb ...... billion vet billion vet ...... these rewards will distributed the economic nodes and not replace the base generation vtho the held vet produces. assuming the following (after mainnet launch and token split): base vethor generation rate for vet held vtho power day); amount vet distributed from the foundation reward pool billion vet); amount vtho the foundation reward pool generates per day billion vet vtho); number authority node designated vet nodes ,,, vet); number mjolnir masternodes designated vet (variable); number thunder nodes designated vet (variable); number strength nodes designated vet (variable); base reward generation rate for all nodes. economic nodes extra vethor reward formula known, solve for nb: =(a*nb*(+%))+ (m*nb*(+%)) (t*nb(+%)) (s*nb(+%)) node maturity period "node maturity period" term used the vechain ecosystem, meaning once wallet has the amount needed qualify for certain node and the corresponding amount stored 'vethor forge', the built-in function vechain wallet, then the node maturity period starts count. when the maturity period ends, and the quantity vet stored 'vethor forge' does not drop below the threshold any given moment, then the node status will officially designated, and the node reward will start generate. mjolnir masternodes maturity period: days after vechain thor blockchain mainnet launch; requires minimum vet; thunder nodes maturity period: days after vechain thor blockchain mainnet launch; requires minimum vet; strength nodes maturity period: days after vechain thor blockchain mainnet launch; requires minimum vet; any change vet that results change node type also activates the node maturity period after the mainnet launch. example being, node moves from vet the vethor forge wallet, the day maturity period beings before the economy node generates the new additional reward per vet, outside the vet's normal vethor generation speed. x-nodes x-nodes are additional pool vet set aside for early supporters. see the perks offered early supporters please view the x-node release. vechainthor core vechainthor blockchain public blockchain that designed for mass business adoption blockchain technology business owners, both enterprises individuals. intended serve solid foundation for implementing our novel governance and economic models and support sustainable and scalable ecosystem. are the era where ethereum represents the state the art public blockchains since and some the great ideas have included the introduction account model such that the "state" the fundamental transaction-based state machine model can store information not restricted the balance information; the concept "smart contract" that allows blockchain describe more complicated objects and activities the real world through consensus-based computations and the invention the ethereum virtual machine (evm) and the evm code that enables smart contracts. despite being major technological milestone, ethereum has not been made suitable for hosting large-scale commercial decentralized applications (dapps) that could engage our day-to-day activities. one the main reasons that there hasn't been effective governing structure set up, from the very beginning, for ethereum allow efficient and transparent transitions (upgrades) itself adapt new challenges. secondly, ethereum lacks suitable economic model allow enterprises run their dapps with controllable and predictable cost. considering the level volatility the ether price, almost impossible for companies predict the future price ether the cost running dapp based ethereum for period time. the vechainthor blockchain designed tackle the above problems. does not just provide pure technical solutions but empowered novel governance and economic models, which, believe, will push forward broader blockchain adoption and the creation ecosystems with more trust and efficiency. the vechainthor blockchain not built from scratch, but upon some the essential building blocks ethereum (e.g., the account model, evm, modified patricia tree and rlp encoding method). but most importantly, packed with technical features that are tailormade for the actual needs both enterprise and individual users. believe that the new features give both users and developers added flexibility and powerful tools achieve their goals the vechainthor blockchain. payment model one the major obstacles for ordinary people, even enterprises, adopt public blockchain the uncertainty and complexity dealing with cryptoassets. the one hand, users have face the high price volatility when obtaining cryptocurrency from the market; the other hand, they need understand related concepts and get familiar with various tools able use and manage their cryptocurrency. so, there way for find way around these problems? for the existing blockchain networks such bitcoin and ethereum, the answer negative. this due the fact that whenever use the blockchain service, whether transferring money operating smart contracts have send transactions the network and pay for the transactions using our own account balance. the vechainthor blockchain, recognize this critical problem and come with novel multi-layer payment model illustrated the following figure. figure vechainthor blockchain payment model can seen that vechainthor blockchain transactions can possibly paid three different parties. from bottom top, they are the transaction sender, the transaction recipient and the sponsor the smart contract. when charging the transaction fee, the system undertakes the following steps: the system checks whether the sender allowed waive his her transaction fee and whether the smart contract sponsor agrees pay the fee. both answers are yes, tries deduct the fee from the sponsor's account balance. the fee charging fails (e.g., due insufficient funds available) the second answer no, proceeds step the first answer yes, the system tries deduct the transaction fee from the smart contract's account balance. the fee charging fails the answer no, proceeds step the system tries deduct the transaction fee from the sender's account balance. the fee charging fails, returns error. terms the payment structure, the proposed model provides great deal flexibility and convenience for enterprises develop their dapps the vechainthor blockchain. for instance, the sponsor mechanism allows enterprise better work with its business partners who not want deal with crypto assets. also enables enterprise manage its multiple dapps more effectively and efficiently since can use master account sponsor multiple smart contracts and simply needs ensure that the master account has sufficient funds pay for transaction fees. furthermore, the payment model makes possible for ordinary people use dapps running the vechainthor blockchain just the same way they use their nondecentralized apps nowadays. all they need deal with the public and private key pairs, which not difficult job for them since most are already dealing with dozens username/password pairs every day. transaction model the vechainthor blockchain adopts new transaction model solve some the fundamental problems that hinder broader use blockchain the moment. specifically, vechainthor blockchain transaction includes the following fields: chaintag last byte the genesis block for preventing the cross-chain replay attack; txnonce transaction nonce customizable user; clauses array "clause" objects each which contains fields "to", "value" and "data" enable single "from" coupling with multiple "to"; dependson the transaction which the current transaction depends; blockref reference specific block stating the indications block height and partial block; expiration number blocks that can used specify when the transaction expires; gaspricecoef coefficient used calculate the total gas price; gas maximum amount gas the sender willing pay for the transaction; reserved reserved field for backward compatibility; signature signature the hash the transaction body that is, signature sign(hash(), private_key). now explain our design more detail the context the corresponding problem attempt solve. transaction account nonce the ethereum account model, the account nonce used counter make sure each transaction can only used once. although provides solution replay attacks, practice such mechanism has proven troublesome, especially for enterprise users. for instance, user sends out multiple transactions the same time (which very likely for enterprise user when, for example, registering products updating records) and one transaction fails, all those with larger nonce would rejected ethereum nodes. scrap the account-nonce mechanism and introduce the concept the transaction id. the vechainthor blockchain, every transaction given unique id, txid, which can calculated as: txid hash(hash(), signer_address) where the set that contains all the transaction fields listed above except the field "signature". the vechainthor blockchain, when validating given transaction, instead checking the current account nonce, the system computes its txid and checks whether has been used before. now let revisit the problems want solve: how prevent the replay attack and how safely send off multiple transactions the same time. suppose alice has signed transaction that sends vet bob and bob wants re-use the transaction withdraw more money from alice. obviously, this not going work for bob. since the two transactions have the same id, the one broadcast bob would rejected due the existence the transaction id. regarding the second problem, for any two transactions, long they had field with different values, their transaction ids would different. moreover, can always adjust the transaction nonce result new id. with such mechanism, users can easily produce multiple transactions with different ids, which means that they could sent off the same time and would processed vechainthor blockchain independently. transaction dependency every vechainthor transaction includes novel fields dependson, blockref and expiration related transaction dependency. dependson stores the the transaction which the current one depends. other words, the current transaction cannot validated without the success the transaction referred dependson. here "success", mean that the referred transaction has not only been included the blockchain but been executed successfully (without any error returned the system). blockref stores the reference particular block whose next block the earliest block the current transaction can packed. the reference (an eight-byte array) includes two parts: the first four bytes contains the block height (number) and the second four bytes part the referred block's id. practice, the second part blockref does not have assigned value the block not available (e.g. block the future). expiration stores the number blocks that can used specify when the transaction expires. specifically, expiration plus blockref[:] (this refers the integer value the first four bytes blockref) defines the height the latest block that the transaction can packed into. field dependson allows formally define order for sequence transactions the vechainthor blockchain and such order protected the blockchain consensus. ethereum, only transactions sent the same account can configured with deterministic order i.e. defined nonce. this system transaction with smaller nonce has executed before those with larger nonce. however, for transactions from different accounts, there simple way make sure certain transaction executed before another. moreover, the vechainthor blockchain requires transaction which another transaction depends not only included verified block but executed without any error returned the system. however, ethereum only requires the inclusion the transaction without verifying the status the transaction execution. field blockref can used two ways according its above description. can used prove the time particular transaction assembled. contrast, most blockchain systems, although the time which transaction broadcast the network known, information when the transaction was created not known. such cases, cannot easily determined transaction was created and then held for some period time before was sent the blockchain network. the vechainthor blockchain, the sender has fill all the bytes blockref based the existing block available the sender. blockref can also used delay the acceptance the transaction setting block height the future. that case, the second four bytes blockref can left empty since the referred block not available. for instance, alice may want send some money bob some specified time the future. she can set proper blockref and then send off the transaction give the signed transaction bob. field expiration allows expire the transactions send off. with such handful feature, would longer troubled the situation that transaction was stuck for hours even days waiting processed and could not anything about it. the inclusion expiration would make our transactions safer since prevents them from being hijacked and later re-used cause problems. transaction-based proof work most have probably experienced the frustration when your ethereum transaction gets stuck for hours even days. sometimes, must set ridiculously high gas price attract the miner pack the transaction into the next block. raising the gas price (or, equivalently, paying more for the transaction) the only way for increase the priority our transaction? with the vechainthor blockchain, the answer no. allow the proof work (pow) [-] conducted for every transaction that transaction senders are given the choice mine extra gas price, other words, utilize their local computational power increase the gas price their transactions, rather than restricted paying higher transaction fee. particular, the sender can prove his her committed computational work through transaction field "nonce" similar the pow mechanism implemented the existing blockchain systems. the amount work then converted factor that used compute the overall gas price the transaction. note that the transaction sender not given infinite amount time search for the desirable nonce. the underlying mathematical problem takes transaction field "blockref" into account. described above, blockref used refer particular block. when validating the pow, the system matches the second four bytes blockref with the the block identified the first four bytes. positive, computes the gap between the referred and current blocks number blocks. only the gap below the maximum gap allowed, the pow considered valid and affects the transaction's overall gas price. multi-task transaction another novel built-in feature that the vechainthor blockchain allows single transaction carry out multiple tasks. that, define the "clause" structure that represents certain onblockchain task. each clause contains three fields: recipient's address; value amount transferred the recipient; data either the evm code for account initialization some input data []. then define field "clauses" set clause objects the transaction model make possible for transaction conduct multiple tasks. the "clause" model may remind you the classic bitcoin "utxo" model since both models allow transaction have multiple output. however, with "clauses" users can lot more than set output balance information can. the multi-task mechanism has two main characteristics: since the tasks are contained single transaction, their executions can considered atomic operation, meaning that, they either all succeed, all fail. during the transactions execution, the included tasks are processed one one the order defined the fields clauses. can see that the multi-task mechanism offers great deal power and flexibility deal with complex situations real applications. for instance, can provide simple and systematic solutions fund distributions, mass product registration, any other operations that require the execution multiple tasks whole. moreover, due the second characteristic (the included tasks are processed one one the order defined field clauses), can provide secure and efficient way describe multi-step process. would expect the design the multi-task transaction substantially simplify the development many applications the vechainthor blockchain. proof authority one the biggest decisions when designing blockchain system about selecting and then implementing the consensus protocol. the consensus protocol not only dictates how the consensus the state the blockchain can reached within decentralized network but embodies the governance model designed and imposed upon blockchain system. recall that the underlying design philosophy our governance model that: neither total centralization nor total decentralization are the correct answer, but balance both. the mainstream protocols such the proof work (pow), proof stake (pos), and delegated proof state (dpos) are not suitable for our system. instead, the vechainthor blockchain carries the creation our proof authority (poa) consensus protocol suiting the need governance setting that there would not anonymous block producers, but known validators (authority masternodes) authorized the vechain foundation and vechain community. "it takes twenty years build reputation and five minutes ruin it. you think about that, you'll things differently." warren buffett authority masternode (am) the vechainthor blockchain, the individual entity voluntarily discloses who they are (identity and reputation extension) exchange for the right validate and produce blocks []. their identities and reputations placed stake that give all the ams additional incentives behave and keep the network secure. vechainthor, each has through strict know your customer (kyc) procedure and satisfy the minimum requirements set the foundation. before getting into details, summarize the main characteristics the poa protocol implement vechainthor blockchain: low requirement computational power; requirement communication between ams reach consensus; system continuity independent the number available genuine ams; protocol detail when discussing consensus protocol, have answer the following three basic questions: "when block produced?", "who generates the block?" and "how choose from two canonical (legitimate) blockchain branches the one and only version truth (the trunk the blockchain tree)?" ... when the vechainthor blockchain schedules its blocks generated once every seconds. the moment, set which based our estimation the usage vechainthor after its official launch. let the timestamp the genesis block. the timestamp the block with height must satisfy where and ... who the poa protocol ensures that every available has equal opportunity selected produce blocks. however, from system-security point view, not want the order for ams generate blocks totally deterministic. that, introduce deterministic pseudo-random process (dprp) and the concept the "active/inactive" status ams decide whether particular legitimate for producing block b(n, with height and timestamp here must satisfy mod answer the above question, first define the dprp generate pseudo-random number (n, as: (n, dprp(n, hash(n where denotes the operation that concatenates two byte-arrays. let denote the set ams with the "active" status associated with verify whether the legitimate for producing b(n, t), first define adg(|,++) aj-(g(|,++)) and then compute index (n, as: (n, (n, mod ||adg(|,++) where pa() returns the parent block. the legitimate producer b(n, and only adg(|,++) (n, t)] note that put double quotes around the word "active" emphasize that the status does not directly reflect whether certain actually physically active not that time, but merely status derived from the incoming information from the network. figure poa producing blocks let discuss more about how the status updated for ams. take the situation illustrated the above figure. shows four allowed time slots {t^ g*(|*,++ choose g(|,++) keep the current trunk. ... system continuity when consider system's performance, important that test the system continuity, other words, find out what situations that the system would halt. according the poa protocol described above, the whole system does not require minimum number genuine validators available, like the practical byzantine fault tolerance (pbft) protocol does, perform multiple rounds inter-node communications reach consensus. external factors could prevent authority masternode from continuously performing the poa protocol and reaching consensus about the current blockchain state based the information receives from the network. this way, the poa protocol endows vechainthor with substantial robustness and stability. attack simply speaking, the poa protocol vulnerable the so-called attack". the term originally used describe certain type attack the pow based blockchain systems such bitcoin and ethereum. that case, the "%" stands for more than half the network mining power. surely should have different meanings the context other consensus protocols. poa, the "%" means more than half the current available authority masternodes who collude. sets requirement not only the number but, more importantly, the assumption that the rebel authority masternodes collude, which, reality, significantly increases the difficulty carrying out such attack. long range attack the long-range attack one most common ways attack blockchain system. this attack, the attacker goes back old block, generates new blockchain branch and broadcasting the branch try override the existing trunk. very often, the fabricated branch much longer than the trunk fool the consensus protocol. normally, long-range attacks cannot used attack the proposed poa protocol. the below figure illustrates long-range attack poa where the white blocks represent the trunk while the grey blocks the fabricated branch. one hand, since there has -second interval between two consecutive blocks, impossible for the attacker produce significantly longer chain. the other hand, poa chooses the trunk based the accumulation the number "active" authority masternodes. that sense, replace the current trunk with the fabricated branch, the attack has gather more than half the available authority masternodes produce larger total number. the attack would then become attack which has been described above. figure long range attack architecture and applications development methodology development vechain's mission has never changed actually from the very beginning. bring blockchain technology down earth deliver applications with business values solving problems and making improvements. the future entire ecosystem will network, new-born business models and services will act links for new connections, and novel business applications dots representing new beginnings. blockchain the trust machine and cornerstone trust-free ecosystem. the future world blockchain expecting universal digitalization for every element run such people, objects, and funds. vechain's methodology transform the real business world through the following steps: digitize manageable target which can recognized, accessed and managed any participants. vechain uses the unified vechain (vid) mark the target which can presented iot tags sensors build connections between the physical presence the target and its digital avatar blockchain; build immutable connections between the vid and the hashed data the target elaborate the authenticated and sharable profiles the target; use smart contracts describe the trust-free business activities the target such production, authorization, ownership transfer, business agreements and transactions, and on; the programmable vechain token (vet) acts value carrier the different business activities for efficient and high speed value transfer; discover and create new type trust-free interconnected business model with proper products and services; business applications, assets, products, services, community participants and activities form trust-free business ecosystem. guided this methodology, vechain able "translate" the target product, participants and business activities from the real business world into the world blockchain. this way can digitize the cooperation and systematize the operation larger scale across industries, enterprises and individuals. the cost trust and collaboration will greatly reduced not only for single entities, but also industries, countries and even the entire world. resource optimization will possible greater level with everyone's involvement and new business models will expected born from these possibilities. figure standard digitalization the traditional world vechainthor architecture the ground rule vechain technology development driven applications. believe that use cases drive products and products drive technology development not the other way around. the path vechain's technology development almost identical and coupled with the development blockchain technology itself. the initial idea was generated the middle from then vechain started with series technical proofs concept (tpoc). driven demands from use cases and requirements projects different industries, technical delivery has been through several rounds main iterations and many more minor iterations the past three years. consider the future vechainthor ecosystem full functional freeway, the blockchain core network like road. yet this road there exist other services and functions such tollfree gate, gas stations, rest stations, emergent lines and services, and etc. vechain not only building blockchain core for platform but also matching infrastructure services, public tools, and common applications enable anyone develop, deploy and use blockchain applications convenient and professional manner. from the application perspective, all business owners will focus solutions rather than technology only. therefore, the technical portfolio vechainthor covers other technologies than solely blockchain, but rather includes open protocols increase connectivity such the internet things, artificial intelligence and on. four-layer technology stack vechainthor platform the four-layer technology stack the vechainthor platform follows: touchingpoints: these digitize the physical world. use nfc and rfid chips digitize products and sensors capture environmental, inertial, gas and location information through sensors. touchingpoints are vechainthor's arms and eyes connect the world and collect data feeds. connection: the connection stack transmits the data captured through the sensor stack. these two stacks form the iot technology portfolio vechainthor platform. blockchain core: blockchain core responsible for carrying the transactions and storing the data gathered through the previous stacks. smart contracts deployed and running blockchain enable the collaborative activities among multiple parties. applications and services: applications and public services built into the blockchain provide the infrastructure services simplify and standardize application development along with common protocols and interfaces such vevid for kyc, vevot for voting, vescc for smart contract certification, vescl for the smart contract library and other suites technical protocols like side-chains, cross-chains, data feeds, oracles and on. vechainthor platform structure the platform structure vechainthor designed driven business applications for use cases. the fundamental rules for this structure are: independent and derived technical layers; capabilities standardized, modulated, and flexible for fast iterations; convenient and fast development; and open protocols other technologies and systems below figure demonstrating the vechainthor platform's overall structure: figure.. vechainthor platform structure there are two major layers the blockchain abstract layer and the business abstract layer. ... blockchain abstract layer the lower infrastructure level includes the blockchain core including the following: block security protocol (bsp): bsp implements the signature function each data block for the security the authority masternode and poa consensus. only the data block with the authorized signature will mined and accepted; data group integration protocol (dgip): dgip can integrate data groups blockchain batch processing; layered archive protocol (lacp): lacp for data storage with different layers enhance the scalability and indexing the data; multi transactions protocol (mtxp): operate multiple objects one transaction that means one "from" can multiple "to" one transaction; distributed cross-chain communication protocol (dccp): dccp cross-chain solution for data synchronization and interoperability between different blockchain network; transaction data privacy protocol (txdp), txdp ensures the privacy the transaction and the data. more come. the upper level the smart contract abstraction layer. achieve the technology abstraction various scenarios and build standard, modular smart contract templates further combine and customize smart contracts for various industries, enterprises and use cases. currently the smart contract library contains vid registration, data binding, status data integration, digital ownership, ownership transfer, authorization declaration, authorization transfer, multiple authorization and on. the smart contract library (scl) part the infrastructure service suite vechainthor. plan launch the project with the community together build and enrich the common, modular and certified smart contracts for developers make business application development and smart contract development much easier. ... business application abstract layer the basic service abstraction layer the lower level this layer. its purpose mainly build the standard smart contracts for the basic service module including the hash storage service, universal registration service, and on. addition, this layer contains public service module for the vechainthor services including the index service for vechainthor explorer, the universal data audit service the audit node, the blockchain data monitoring service, the distributed content-addressable storage system, the contract name service, the data grouping service, the privacy information protection service, the genesis contract service and on. these public services along with the basic module can mitigate the difficulty and ease the entry smart contract development. will continue enhance this layer focus developing more convenient tools such visualized smart contract development kit, more language support, smart contract connector and on. using these tools, developers from different industries with different backgrounds and different expertise, even developers with little blockchain experience can develop and deploy smart contracts easily for business applications. the middle level for the standard application interfaces for data interactions between the basic service level and the business application level. the key focus for this level standardization for system interfaces with different business systems especially for the major widely used enterprise systems internet platforms. have built the interfaces with major enterprise application such sap, wms and salesforce, well common web and mobile application interfaces, and will continue enrich the stack. the top level the business application abstraction layer. varies based different business scenarios and applications. the developer this layer not even required have blockchain development capability, but should know how connect vechainthor blockchain and call the smart contracts standard protocols. ... architecture breakdown driven business applications and vechainthor ecosystem establishment, the detailed technical architecture vechainthor blockchain designed below: figure ... vechainthor technical architecture vekeystore this one the public services for private key management the application layer. business users can have options manage their keys themselves delegate vechainthor public services. vebaas blockchain service vechainthor platform. this blockchain service management portal for business users. each business owner able select create their own blockchain solutions based the industry, business scenarios and demand. veiaas implementation service vechainthor platform. this the "one-clickdeployment" module allow business owners deploy vechainthor nodes with predefined package different clouds. have engaged with some reputable cloud providers across the world and will continue increase our portfolios deliver more options end users. vesdks software development kit suites vechainthor platform, including but not limited the following: vesdks.db, sdk integrate the traditional database such mysql, oss/s from cloud providers. vesdks.dcass, sdk integrate the distributed storage service vechainthor platform, the distributed content address storage system. vesdks.privacy, sdk for privacy protection which can used multiple business scenarios such kyc application vevid. vechain has been working with several reputable security service providers such dnv implement different options and solutions. vechain plans study and work reputable open source solutions such bulletproof protocol from stanford csd. vesdks.aa, sdk for access authorization can used the different access scenarios for smart contracts, data, files, systems and on. veaudit basic auditing service for the vechainthor blockchain network, smart contracts, transactions, etc. veagent this for interfaces call smart contracts deployed and running vechainthor blockchain. vebapi this original apis blockchain. veac access control for datasets and vevid. veds this dataset for customized data storage. veexec the smart contract executor for the following smart contracts: poa, management smart contract for authority masternodes including active list, standby list, signature control, and on. vethor, the management smart contract for vethor (vtho) such speed generation. params, parameters including the following: reward rate, adjustable; vechain tokens (vet) required qualified authority masternode, adjustable; gasprice, for actual vethor consumption for payment and smart contract transactions, adjustable; growthrate, adjustable. dcass, distributed content address storage system. pips, privacy information protection system. more technical details can deeper for more technical details for the functions used use cases below. vid generation and hash algorithm vechainthor blockchain uses sha hash algorithm generate vids. vids can written into the iot tags and devices such nfc, rfid and code with our proprietary vid generator. for iot tags, they may vary based the products. they link the unique blockchain with the physical product. the iot tags are designed based the user's needs and feature the product. vids are hashed sha function which goes follows: sha(domain '.' id)[:]. this function the domain the qualified name table that the settled, for example "com.vechain.dbname.tablename" figure the creation vid and hashing storage vid blockchain previously mentioned, the hashed vid written into tag tags depending the client's needs. after the tags are ready, they through testing process and are "activated". activation done using custom-made software called "v-operation" which can either run mobile desktop operating systems. upon activation, the then written into blockchain and broadcast all blockchain nodes. figure the storage vid blockchain digital ownership blockchain vechainthor blockchain uses tailor-made smart contract which enables authorizationbased digital ownership management. the ownership objects, represented vevid, linked account with public key and private key for each instance. the public key known alias email address which can recognized and accessed anyone. the private key represent authorization and access, just like password, the objects with the corresponding public key. authorization-based digital ownership management sets specific link between the objective and the public key owner who controls the corresponding private key. figure digital ownership blockchain data hashed storage (proof data) vechainthor blockchain accepts any type data: (strings, numbers, booleans, etc). data identified its hash (sha). sample for accessing data via restful apis: store data post https://domain/hss/ retrieve data get https://domain/hss/{hash} the data self-verifiable. when the data retrieved, can verified comparing its hash the hash provided. figure data hashed storage standard api gateway the universal application architecture interface designed for complex processes. the api gateway the main entry for all api requests, encapsulates the internal structure the application and the up-level applications needed interact with the gateway without calling particular service. the internal structure the upgrade iterations happening blockchain, smart contracts services will completely transparent. the applications not need concern changes access, but ensure that the exchange protocol correct. the following graph the network topology, deployment and function the api gateway. figure ... api gateway- the resources server are limited. however, the design the horizontal expansion makes possible for large-scale access. different instances the same service can guarantee service request shunt the api gateway. the api gateway can use different access policies like consistent-hash, ip-hash, random access, priority access and on. the same time, the api gateway and the service discovery service also can scaled demand. figure ... api gateway service discovery protocol (sdp) the api gateway needs know the identifiable "address" (ip address and port) each microservice that communicates with. traditional systems, locating and connecting specific address difficult, and cloud based architecture makes easier. normally, the infrastructure services have static address defined the variables the environment. however, locating the address application service not that simple due dynamic distributions with automatic scaling regular upgrades. service discovery protocol has two typical modes: client discovery mode and server discovery mode. the vechainthor platform has chosen the latter. the user can initialize service request through the api gateway, and the api gateway checks the service registry, and forwards the request available service instance. the advantage the server discovery model that the users not have focus the details the service but focus the service request itself that simplifies the logical processes the coding required discovery services. the service registry the cornerstone the sdp. its function build and maintain specific database that contains the addresses the service instances. the service registry needs maintain high availability and real time updates. the self-registration mode applies the service instances that the login and logout the service registry can carried through the service instances. addition, the service instance sends heartbeat packet ensure that the registration information not obsolete. the etcd used provide storage for private keys with features high availability, distribution and consistency for configuration sharing and service discovery. micro-service the micro-service represents all back-end services vechainthor blockchain which can have customized configurations based different requirements use cases ensure business isolation. the micro-service can guarantee grayscale release services smooth transition for new release software and updates), allowing efficiency and speed upgrades rollback. the api gateway the vechainthor blockchain, the micro-service will provide the following functionalities: register unregister the micro-service will initialize the registration the service discovery service (sds) when starts and unregisters when shuts down. sds can save the status instance for seconds and will automatically unregister itself after that the micro-service does not execute when shuts down. service health report sds not supposed know the status instances running the back-end. therefore the micro-service must report healthiness every seconds. micro-services are more complicated than traditional services, especially regarding the communications between the backend services. sds needs instances register itself, therefore all instances need follow the unified rules registration. third party registration services will considered the future which can used deploy micro-service instances with configurations, check the health instances and report the sds. doing that, the microservice can application providing api services only. hashed storage service (hss) hashed storage service (hss) distributed storage service which can cover digital files, pictures, text data and any other object-oriented reliable storage. hss deeply coupled with the vechainthor core ensure the security, integrity and privacy stored data with proper ownership management and authorization management data. the hss has two major parts: the data storage service and the operational storage service. the data storage service responsible for external data storage, access control and authorization management; the operational storage service responsible for computing the data storage path, the data subset and storage. with the development storage large-scale, data needs backed frequently for system reliability. often multiple data copies are needed ensure the availability the data. this type backup wastes storage resources and the cost will become more and more expensive. distributed storage system can lower the cost traditional backup methods. with distributed service, can simplify the data backup program and therefore reduce disk space. can additionally improve data availability and durability. erasure code and reed solomon also used the storage system. erasure code technology mainly the use mathematical algorithm verify the original data achieve the purpose fault tolerance. can used reconstruct missing corrupted data. reed-solomon (rs) code storage system that more commonly used erasure code. our storage service uses the algorithm shard objects into parity blocks. users can lose many drives (whether parity data) and still reconstruct the data reliably from the remaining drives. addition, hss also compatible with amazon apis. most developers are familiar with amazon's service and its api, hss allows the calls amazon api with low level data which reduces the cost external data access. figure hashed storage service blockchain and iot the concept the internet things (iot) was proposed british scholar kevin ashton mit. after number interviews and discussions with few executives from enterprise, ashton defines iot as: network containing all 'smart' devices with some sort sensing mechanism that can communicate via the internet with other smart devices the cloud, without human interaction." from the definition above, iot has two key components touchpoint (sensor) and connection. touchpoint for the digitalization the real-world either tag technology build binding connections between physical objects and digital avatars, sensor technology collect key descriptive parameters such environmental data, like temperature and humidity, and on. connection for the channel and transferring protocol information transfer such bluetooth, wifi, g/g/g/g, and on. the development iot will result widespread adoption, multiple categories, high volume, rapid iterations, with progressively greater impact all industries globally. the coming years, the global growth iot devices expected %-%, and the international data corporation report shows the projection billion iot devices world-wide challenges iot technology iot technology has existed since the landmark moment occurred june when gpp announced "release and defined the unified standard protocols iot connections. this solved the well-known four concerns iot: limitation number connections; limitation coverage; limited standby time; and high cost after that, starting from september mobile device manufacturers have started release commercialized connection solutions iot for various applications, such emtc, nb-iot and ec-gsm. through the major improvements for the four major challenges mentioned above, iot development entering the next level world-wide with prosper use cases, applications, products and solutions. however, there are another three serious issues for iot which blockchain technology has strong chance addressing: fragmentation the standard communication protocols; high cost development, deployment and maintenance; and data privacy. blockchain and iot there have been many explorations iot technology and generally smart systems blockchain. when blockchain connected iot, opens numerous possibilities for innovations. blockchain technology can help: record, track and validate the log history devices; digital identification and ownership devices; the authenticity, privacy and security devices; and smart activities between human and machine machine and machine vechain believe that iot technology and the blockchain technology are born working together. iot the technology build informational and even commercial connections between devices which usually takes three steps: common communication protocol among devices means common language. this requires universal communication protocol for devices, even those coming from different manufacturers and owners. this means that the devices have communicate the same language. the standards published gpp provide unified language for machine machine connections; once the devices are able talk each other, the next step concerns universal identification for devices. this means universal ids accessed and recognized different parties, which cannot controlled manipulated anyone. this like universal serial number but not limited only one entity one manufacturer. blockchain the perfect solution build this trust-free and consent mechanism among parties; based the common language and universal identification, the devices can further collaborate and conduct business activities which will obviously require smart contracts and smart money carry on. blockchain can ensure data integrity and iot can ensure data objectivity when the data collected and recorded blockchain. matter fact, the three major high profile promising technologies are expected work together: iot like eyes and hands, responsible for touching the world and collecting the data; blockchain like the heart protect the data and trust; artificial intelligence like the brain, process and analyze data. iot development vechainthor blockchain for most business owners who are and will devote themselves build applications will prefer solutions other technologies only which usually are formed with integration different technologies like blockchain, iot and a.i. iot one key technical capabilities vechain team. vechain's technical portfolios include dedicated iot team focus the iot development and collaborative solutions with blockchain including but not limited to: tagging technology and encrypted chipset; the identification iot sensor and data privacy; security and authorization module nb-iot. despite the complexity iot devices and applications, vechain starts with the following categories iot devices with focus on: power supply: active mode devices: sensors, gps, etc. with power supply passive mode devices: nfc, rfid, etc. without power supply hybrid mode devices: devices with limited battery and can activated with external sources communication distances: short range devices: resolve the communication within meters distance, such nfc (within meter), rfid (within meters), bluetooth (within meters), etc. middle range devices: resolve the communication within kilometer, such wifi, sub lora, etc. long range device: resolve the communication with over kilometer, such nb-iot. innovatively, vechainthor blockchain integrates device identity and asymmetric cryptography algorithm based blockchain the traditional iot portfolios: device identity: every iot device requires unique and universal identity the blockchain network. this can accessed and identified all participants with authorization demand use cases. the identity additionally needs verified specific smart contracts and applications such modules vevid for devices prove their original production and ownership. asymmetric cryptography algorithm: the asymmetric cryptography algorithm one the cornerstones blockchain. through proper solution, the authentication and authorization devices can executed fully secure manner. every device will allocated with public key and private key pair which the public key the identification and the private key functions the security signature. the design vechainthor blockchain, the private key stored safe section each device, which completely unreadable, while the encryption and decryption algorithm will executed the security mode cpu mcpu guarantee its security. implementing this solution, the use cases can cover accessing control devices, device assurance, data source verification, smart contract execution control, and on. the following drawing sample the chip design for nb-iot safety module with vechainthor blockchain integration. figure nb-iot safety module technical testing vechain evaluates the testing phase any technical delivery complying and following the well-defined procedures professional software testing. software should predictable and stable fulfil the expectations and design the product. with constant development and the increase complexity, intelligence and scalability information systems over the last few decades, software testing has been developing and iterating accordingly. testing theory and practice has evolved more and more systematic and mature with ever-greater impact the software quality and its on-going running. statistically, the testing work usually represents more than the time and cost successful software project. the fundamental question software testing this: which subset can most errors bugs discovered and located? can categorize the testing into three classic types: white-box testing: white-box testing also known glass box testing structure testing. the software under the testing treated white box. the design the testing cases based the internal structure and logic what tested. the tests are performed according program paths and procedures including techniques such control flow testing, data flow testing, branch testing, statement coverage, decision coverage, modified condition coverage, prime path testing, and path testing. black-box testing: black-box testing also called function testing. the software under test considered black box. the tester must aware what the software supposed but not aware how does it. the test cases are built around specifications and requirements including techniques decision table testing, all-pairs testing, equivalence partitioning, boundary value analysis, case-effect graph, error guessing, state transition testing, and on. gray-box testing: gray-box testing combination white-box testing and black-box testing. the gray-box tester partially knows the internal structure the software. this includes access the documentation internal data structures well the algorithms used. gray-box testing usually performed during the integration testing phase concerning not only the data accuracy inputs and outputs, but additionally the internal conditions software. vechain has established independent testing team with roles and responsibilities software quality management ensure the software runs accordance with its design. must emphasized that proper and organized documentation vital element the testing and entire development vechainthor platform and applications including but not limited to: master test plan (mtp); level test plan (ltp); level test design (ltd); level test case (ltc); level test procedure (ltpr); level test log (ltl); and test reports including master test report (mtr), level test report (ltr), anomaly report (ar), and on. vechain has implemented comprehensive testing management rules for all technical development including blockchain core, tools and services, applications, iots (hardware and software), and on. there difference between vechain and any other software project: testing process step-by-step convergence and vechain testing strictly follows the circle plan-do-check-act (pdca). (plan): this includes the confirmation the testing plan that contains unit testing, integration testing, system testing (function, performance, safety and compatibility) and acceptance testing. (do): perform the test based the testing plan. (check): summarize and report the testing results the development team. (adjust): the development team improves and fixes the codes accordingly. the primary targets vechain's testing includes: lower computer (plc): embedded software iot; client: pc, mobile (ios, android) and the other terminals; cloud servers; blockchain nodes, applications and databases; smart contracts; services; and apis the following charts are demonstrations for some results pressure testing vechainthor blockchain: figure part the pressure test data result. testing environment using the lowest cloud server configuration different locations worldwide. the configuration single-core cpu/g memory. technical roadmap the development vechainthor technology has been over two years the making and the core guidelines have focused and will focus three areas: applicability, standard and security. there are few sub-teams vechain technical department: research and development focused the infrastructure level the technology, well the research and experiment emerging technologies such iot, a.i. and on; development delivery develop and implement based the driving the strategy plan, business plan and r&d; blockchain core; applications, services and tools; iots touchingpoint and connections; security; and testing, deployment and maintenance. the roadmap vechainthor technical development stated below complies with the vision and mission vechainthor blockchain: figure technology development roadmap use cases and applications being pioneer very difficult. and being pioneer all the time with passion and remembering why started our journey even more difficult. vechain started business engagement for use cases blockchain since early after the firstgeneration product and solution were built. began work four use cases with major enterprises across the globe. the number reached over including significant partnerships. now, early more than opportunities are the pipeline. the market growing rapidly world-wide. are not alone and the growing community becoming significant force, working with the vechain team grow the vechainthor ecosystem. the opportunities the pipeline, over half have arisen from community references. the community integral part the vechain team. the ecosystem and will formed applications and new connections like dots and links. the mission vechainthor blockchain build and facilitate more and more applications with business values together with business owners. the vechainthor platform will the carrier for this, with robust core blockchain infrastructure, matching public services and tools, and devotion from everyone the community including the vechain foundation, enterprises and individuals. the figure below shows the vechainthor application structure: figure industrial application structure the vechainthor platform will have easy-to-use blockchain infrastructure for business owners and "one-click" deployment solution that they can easily build and manage their own blockchain nodes, smart contracts and apis improve their business applications. meanwhile, along with the vechain partners, public services and tools are critical for the expansion and running the vechainthor ecosystem. for instance, unique blockchain audit service, running and expanding with world famous accounting firm provides blockchain audit services such overall health situations, smart contract status, project and business application status, and on. figure third party service application the fundamental spirit vechainthor platform open and sharing. vechainthor platform will open source end june would like share the use cases have previously completed with recognition and approval our partners encourage and motivate the replication successful use cases and create new ones. fashion and luxury according the fashion and luxury market survey for the year fake goods account for the total sales fashion and luxury brands europe every year. then add this the billion spent fighting against counterfeits. fake goods have additionally caused the loss jobs the fashion, manufacturing and retail industries. figure the impact fake goods the europe fashion industries vechain's solution aims build product traceability solution covering the life-cycle products from the manufacturing, logistics and supply chain, retail and wholesale, after service, and even consumer engagement blockchain for anti-counterfeiting along with iot technologies. fashion and luxury brands have already put our solution place for live products and are enjoying the benefits great reductions counterfeit activities. every managed product allocated with unique vid presented iot tag and registered vechainthor blockchain which allows every player access and recognize the same object every step its life-cycle. this solution particularly effective because simplifies the operation processes for each step optimizing existing erp systems like production system, wms, sap, and retail systems with apis connected blockchain. this reduces the overall cost delivering the product. the manufacturer, most time the third party supplier, establishes the physical connection between product and tag with production information records such location, time, raw material, craft, quality check, and on; the brand owner can control the smart contract for vid registration "activate" the product officially after the quality check and acceptance eliminate the possibility overproduction; data from logistics and supply chain operations can recorded blockchain through apis from wms and supply chain systems; retail systems can perform ownership transfer calling smart contract during the selling process end users just like sending email; consumers can claim digital ownership and engrave personal signature create their own story; after service, crm and digital experiences all can improved and shaped building unique and customized bridge consumers with privacy protection and consumer consent. figure lifecycle luxury and fashion products vechainthor platform food safety food safety one the most pressing social topics worldwide. the traditional solution for food safety relies too much process control and the social responsibility enterprises. difficult track, trace, log, and locate food the supply chain, and accordingly hard identify any problem has occurred. yet blockchain technology could bring safe and reliable solutions the food industry. the chinese government has announced and reinforced that food certification and effective tracking through the supply chain are the key factors finding and eliminating sources pollution the fastest possible way. oversea liquor tracking platform for d.i.g the oversea liquor tracking platform for d.i.g., built vechain, can track wine from the very beginning the process, including from when the bottles were still the overseas winery. d.i.g. subsidiary company the state owned company managing the imported wine market china, waigaoqiao group, listed the main board chinese stock exchange this the first successful blockchain use case production china. every detail about the bottle red wine marked and recorded the beginning the process. this way the regulator and d.i.g can use smart contract track the whole life period the wine and log the ownership management, from the overseas winery, export, import, inspection, warehouse the free trade zone, the distribution center and finally all the different sales channels and retail stores. customers can identify and check information about the wine through in-store touch-screens smartphone. high-end wine can equipped with iot chips for added safety and convenience. vechain's iot team has designed the chipset "sticker" "seal" prevent wine that has been consumed and refilled being registered authentic. through using the vechain mobile app smart phone which supports nfc reading, available both ios and android, users can easily check the product information scanning the bottle. figure vechain application the wine free trade zone: background management system, smart front terminal, mobile showcase this project has been awarded strong chance promotion the national program organized the shanghai municipal commission commerce one the standard solutions for tracking liquor from shanghai the whole country. mystory mystory off-the-shelf blockchain based digital assurance solution for the food and beverage industry combining deep industry expertise prominent industry leaders and dnv gl, with independent physical audits, data collection, and verification services. the italian wine sector the first use mystory working directly with four wine producers, michele chiarlo, ricci curbastro, ruffino and torrevento who have partnered and collaborated with vechain and dnv this disruptive solution. these industry leaders will feature the mystory label their bottles stores, using the vechainthor blockchain solution and hardware tags, the end the year. figure mystory application vechainthor platform "mystory illuminates products and their supply chain for the benefit consumers, who will have instant and in-depth access key product characteristics such quality, authenticity, origin, ingredients, water and energy consumption and more, all verified dnv along the entire transformation process," says luca crisciotti, ceo dnv business assurance. the mystory solution will not stand-alone application for the wine industry but will transcend this, application accessible across wide variety markets. cold-chain assurance solution along with our global collaboration partner dnv gl, vechain building another food safety solution coupling with iot sensors: blockchain-based cold-chain assurance solution, starting from global convenience store franchise, nda protected. with the cold-chain logistics assurance service, each customer can quickly check the logistics information for the fresh products, from the food factory, through the cold-chain logistics provider, cold storage the store, and ultimately the shelf sold. from the perspective our technology, vechain utilizes its in-house advanced iot devices monitor, record and upload temperature, humidity and location data the vechainthor blockchain real-time basis. this solution made possible dnv ensures the cold-chain logistics process fulfil food safety-related regulation and compliance business processes. only with vechain thor would dnv confident that the next generation digital assurance services are unbiased and assured. cold-chain logistics industry vechain can thrive and one the many that dnv will guide into. figure vechainthor cold-chain supply chain solution co-developed with dnv automobiles the automobile industry complicated ecosystem with many players including manufacturers, distributors, shops, agents, regulators, financial service providers (insurance, bank), technical experts, and on. the lifecycle vehicle, large portion the "user data" never owned the consumer car owner, while these data are stored fragments different participants instead. the value those data significantly lower than could due such fragmentation. vechain has worked with business partners viseo and microsoft france initialize the vehicle passport project. the project, the vechain team responsible for completing the blockchain deployment azure, developing and deploying smart contracts and providing standard api the upper level applications including: digital maintenance logs every car can build their own digital record with the authorization the data owner. after the car owner has bought the car, they can use authorization and non-authorization features give permission maintenance service providers such shops workshops. different players will record their own data along with each service and transaction protected vechainthor blockchain. the data gains much more value once the fragments have been put together with proper authorization control and economic incentives. data users like insurers banks can easily conduct inquiry the automobile information and historical logs using the authorization from car owners which can trusted since the data comes from different players the system services, and because the data has hash copy blockchain verify the data integrity the traditional due diligence required during insurance renewal second hand trading will yield great improvement terms efficiency and cost. "green driving" the second module built this application record the driving data from car computers blockchain, such acceleration, average speed, gas consumption and on, motivate everyone improve driving behaviors. those data protected blockchain can contribute the inspection and valuation the vehicle. those user activities can linked personal credits and other corresponding activities such carbon emission reduction. blockchain makes possible trust the collected data. this allows the value the data created, applied, transferred and distributed based the new business model. figure vechainthor automobile application developed for renault bmw, our new partner, building another solution vechainthor platform. more details will announced directly from bmw later once ready go. supply chain traditional supply chains include: original material supplier, manufacturer, service agents, logistics, regulators like custom and inspection, storage, retail and finally customers. figure traditional supply chain traditional linear supply chains have been conceived deliver reliable and cost-effective results. transactions (physical, informational, financial) normally take place between two players the supply chain who come into contact during the process. supply chain stability trust element itself. natural consequence, relationships between different players are long lasting. such, selection the right partner the key factor success. with the development business and technology, supply chain nodes are starting more and more interconnected technology calling for new forms collaboration and transactions which create efficiency and value trade. these new forms collaboration and transactions are generating need for new level trust among players which were rarely touch before. furthermore, users and consumers need more trust for the products services they are expecting, which increasingly require nodes the supply chain link with each other. new form supply chain coming with the following features: exponential increase different transactions among multiple players; the digital content products and services increasing; sophisticated "pay per use" business models will arise: players need trust that "we pay for what receive and earn from what share"; the ability find smart and cost effective ways tagging physical products and connecting them digital avatars will crucial competitive advantage; and collaboration and transactions may happen among machines other than humans. blockchain and iot are born construct this new type supply chain. figure vechainthor platform for new mode supply chain asset management for kuehne nagel vechain provides baas (blockchain-as-a-service) service one the biggest freight forwarders, k+n, track and manage all the products from reputable enterprises. ensure data protection and privacy, vechain completes the connection with different customers through common service platform. the operation staff can complete related business work directly using the handheld terminals. figure.. the showcase our logistics issue solution freight forwarders k+n later stage the plan will make connections with more related cooperative partners, service providers and regulators. supply chain risk management with logsafer vechain and logsafer are partnering develop blockchain solution for logistics insurance. cross-border logistics management complex business model. there are many layers different businesses that get involved when product shipped from point point these layers become exponential difficulty when the products have cross borders. many variables business activities lead risks within issuance underwriting logsafer the expert for this risk management service. order offer better insurance services clients, logsafer will require untampered true data quickly possible make accurate claims payouts well improve the client's entire risk management system upon review offering more valuable proposition clients the future. the vechain solution adds value across the entire industry helping logsafer better identify the various risks faced within each link cross-border supply chain, take appropriate preventive measures reduce risk probability, provide appropriate insurance product transfer risks and carry out efficient claims recovery after the risk. blockchain technology allows multiple parties participate recording data that cannot tampered with. using the unique vechainthor blockchain and iot technology, enterprises can better track risk and record verified data. the solution allows companies master the latest risk dynamics within their supply chain well research and explore better alternatives with the verified data. this advantage can save the creation millions documents associated with data collection and verification the payment link, substantially reducing the payment review time. the realization smart contracts within this industry will genuinely bring "instant compensation" for companies producing much more profitable business model. this the ultimate experience for the insured and most profitable for all parties. example: fish farmer sends cargo fish from japan california, and buys insurance policy from our partner logsafer cover this cargo fish. something happened en-route and the data grabbed from the vechain sensors strategically placed within the fish cargo had indicated high temperature reached and extensive exposure period, meaning that was impossible for the fish stay fresh. vechain sensors retrieve that data and upload chain. the state the data triggers smart contract execution, then the client automatically files claim and receives payout the insurance company. the agricultural industry the chinese market facing many critical issues agriculture. this includes the scale the agriculture which too small and separated, the quality product which uneven, the lack safety the product, low productivity and environmental pollution. hard fix the issue simply using technology from the internet law regulation provided the government. believe that can help change the way thinking providing our blockchain cloud project designed verify that agriculture green and organic. china promoting its agricultural cultivation management plan using iot technology, agricultural planting process management, blockchain technology, big data and (artificial smart) complete the management the process before, during and after agricultural production. this way, good currency drives out the bad achieve standard agricultural market. with this mind, vechain cooperating with pwc, china unicom and liaoning academy agricultural sciences develop blockchain cloud project exclusively for the verification the green organic agriculture. this project, vechain has registered each greenhouse every farm using blockchain technology build data model record the functional data every greenhouse. the data source has two main parts: the first part the production operations data which recorded the farmers directly; and the second part comes from the iot sensor the greenhouse. based the combination the data and risk assurance service from pwc, will establish the foundation trustworthy data for the verification green agriculture the academy agricultural sciences. addition, with the support iot equipment, efficiency farm work improved about times. figure application agriculture combines with iot technology government affairs government departments show great interest blockchain technology world-wide. the chinese ministry industry and information technology has released white paper about the application and development blockchain technology. the state council underlined that blockchain can deliver world with trust. the government office for science has reported the potential qualities and advantages blockchain technology its recent report 'distributed ledger technology: beyond block chain': "distributed ledger technology has the potential transform the delivery public and private services. has the potential redefine the relationship between government and the citizen terms data sharing, transparency and trust and make leading contribution the government's digital transformation plan." vechain partnering with the administrative examination and approval bureau gui'an new area provide blockchain based information system collect and analyze administrative data, offer privacy protection data and apply blockchain technology reform business registration and cut red tape. the administrative examination and approval bureau gui'an new area can use the egovernment system powered vechainthor blockchain technology store business registration related documents, such business certificates, bank account certificates, tax registrations, organization codes, foreign trade registrations, audit reports, etc. for phase two the project, the e-government system will allow remote business registration functionality, document uploading, document review and certificate issuing done remotely. with this new system, companies not need waste time and energy get physical stamps approval from different governmental departments. this process disrupts the way the government processes administrative requests, becoming more collaborative while reducing cost and time spent. the end result the e-government system will provide robust auditing over all government processes occurring within gui'an, and future projects. for example, due the lack collaborative data, the current entrusting party cannot query custom required documents. figure current system flows customs/inspection vechainthor platform providing new collaborative government system connect multiple different functional departments for data sharing and proof. customs documents can registered vechainthor blockchain with unified id. this allows different departments access, inquire and update the same document with appropriate authorizations and trust. this new enabled system flow will improve operational efficiency and cost saving. figure.. future blockchain government application blockchain technology significant importance governments. represents open, public and transparent administration regarding government information and operations. furthermore, the "coordinator" the whole commercial environment, government can focus more how blockchain can improve the efficiency resource distribution, allocation and optimization, including across different industries. this just the beginning the biggest challenge the vechain team has been facing during the use cases development and implementation the past two years not the technical concerns, but the business consensus how achieve new business models. however, have been through the worst part already. greatly appreciate all our business and technical partners who dare step into this field with with great innovative spirit. despite all our accumulated experiences and solutions delivered, still have long way make bigger difference. have been grateful have wonderful vechain community with for this journey together. our opportunities for projects and applications that are the pipeline, more than them have come from the community. wish call for more pioneers join develop more use cases and applications for the prosperity the trust-free ecosystem vechainthor blockchain. vechain foundation economy the vechain foundation implements and sticks the following principles for ecosystem development: the vechain foundation serves the purposes non-profit organization; efficient and sustainable development; and open source and sharing. from financial perspective, the vechain foundation will seek financial balance between sustainable operations and community development and expansion. addition the initial funding received during the token sale, the foundation will able obtain digital asset funds through different operational activities the ecosystem. under the audit and supervision our third-party trusted institution, any net profit will ultimately distributed back the community transparent ways. the vechain foundation has set full-time financial management team maintain its financial activities and digital assets. the financial management team reports directly the steering committee, and regularly prepares financial reports and disclosures for the foundation, usually every quarter. funding sources the main income the foundation will made from two areas: non-operating income including the initial token sale funds and returns from digital assets; regular operating income, including research and development results, product sales, patent transfers licensing, academic exchange and contribution, and on. the following detailed description the main sources income: initial funds and token release vechain has issued total billion erc vechain tokens (vet) ethereum. there are ,,. erc vet that have been refunded and destroyed burned under the audit our third-party trusted institution. the results have been disclosed public and can checked ethereum's blockchain explorer for the current erc vet. the current total supply erc vet ,,.. after token split, the total supply native vet will ,,,. the vet allocation plan follows: ratio distribution plan erc vet public token sale private investors enterprise investors co-founders, development team continuous operation and technological development business case development details the income the vet crowdsale will used for the operations the vechain foundation, including development, marketing, finance and legal advisory. private investors are very influential the community and industry, and they will help for both technology and business development. 'enterprise investor' refers enterprise vechain's distributed business ecosystem service provider for these corporate customers end users; these enterprise investors will use vet key development target their business activities. distributed the founders and development team vechain their reward. reserved for various operating costs and development vechain. choose suitable industries, using vechain technology for strategic deployment the industry, project support and token replacement. digital assets investment during ongoing operations, vechain foundation allocate about the funds digital assets setup vechain incubation program along with other venture capital funds such fenbushi capital, future capital, and other reputable crypto funds which are continuously increasing support blockchain projects, which are willing develop business applications vechain future technical business partnerships. professional services the process building the ecosystem, the vechain foundation serves public service provider the vechainthor blockchain and receives certain amount digital assets funds. for example, the vechain foundation can provide professional service traditional enterprises ease and simplify the process developing, building, maintaining and generally transforming their new business using vechainthor blockchain. return, the vechain foundation will receive service fee the form digital assets, i.e. vet. fund budgeting mentioned above, the vechain foundation's budget mainly includes day-to-day operations, technology development research, business development and investment. the main categories are shown the following table: classification technology development percentage business development investment daily operation content this mainly includes earnings for the technical team, recruitment experts and developers, technical patent and protection intellectual property rights vechain business engagement and development, knowledge exchange and sharing, regulation and compliance, alliance establishment and participation, etc. vechain incubation program support the other startups build business applications vechainthor blockchain for collaborative purposes daily administrative and operational tasks including renting offices, logistics management, transportation, financial and reporting, etc. the following the forecast for the next four years for the purpose budget planning: figure vechain foundation's year annual revenue forecast usd) figure vechain foundation year cost forecast usd) figure the vechain foundation's year retained earnings forecast usd) sum up, the vechain foundation has obtained initial funds through ico activities, and will take about years achieve the following: growth the vechain foundation. this includes headcount increasing between and for both technical and business development, and business growth billion usd "vechain gdp" running vechainthor blockchain. focus r&d and business development. significant part the total budget will allocated both technical development and business development for the ecosystem growth. drive value the foundation will not only consume initial ico start-up funds build the ecosystem and create commercial value with the community, but additionally the foundation has obtained and will obtain revenue providing various blockchain services within the system. the vechain foundation motivated ensure that the gains will balanced with the expenditure continuous operations. non-profit principle. the vechain foundation promises not distribute profits dividends the founder team, controllers shareholders the foundation. the operating income, subtracted the operational expenditure, will all allocated the cause the community and ecosystem development. fund use restriction the use funds line with the principles openness and transparency. according our distribution and budget principles, vechain will set series separate accounts and digital asset wallets supervise the usage digital assets. the use funds will directed the development vechain ecosystem and improvement blockchain technology and application. this information will disclosed community regular basis. financial plan and implementation reports each quarter, the financial team will prepare its report including financial planning and summary financial performance over the last quarter. the report will released the public after approval from the leader financial units operational committee. the formation financial reports will submitted the steering committee for approval. digital asset management the digital assets belonging vechain foundation are supervised steering committee and managed the full-time finance team under the leader the operational committee who appointed steering committee. the finance team has established set digital asset management policies and procedures regulate the operations the digital assets. the following key management principles are implemented: dedicated teams. group teams, not individual persons, are working together operate, record and monitor use digital assets. the digital assets belong the vechain foundation individual, even the members from the steering committee have access the digital assets. that say, the private keys the digital assets wallets are stored encrypted tokens. the passwords for the tokens are set the authorized steering committee members, however the tokens are physically stored the bank vault. the vault can only accessed combination three authorized persons, who have access the passwords for the tokens. segregation duties. this involves two layers segregation: the approval and execution duties are segregated, i.e. the person who has approval rights cannot operate the digital assets wallet. the accounting and operations are segregated, i.e. accounts and digital assets operations are assigned different persons. each transaction needs reconciled. the accounting books must reconciled the digital assets ledger periodical basis. improving asset security. this too involves two layers security: asset wallet designation. the foundation has allocated digital assets different wallets. for daily operational use, the foundation has set the hot wallet. for large amount funds, they have been stored cold wallets which are stored secure vault. balance different assets. the foundation evaluates the different values digital assets, i.e. btc, eth other tokens and adjust the portion them periodical basis. balance the liquidity the tokens and addition stabilize the value digital assets. continuous monitoring. the monitoring mechanism built supervise the use the digital assets. any abnormal use the assets will trigger alarm that independent team will consider further investigation such use. business continuity plan (bcp) and disaster recovery plan (drp). formal digital asset based bcp and drp (crypto drp, cdrp) has been established and approved the steering committee. the plans include different measures recover digital assets restore digital asset wallets various emergency circumstances. these circumstances include breakdown the hot wallet, breakdown devices wallet hacking attacks. cdrp drill performed every quarter. following the best practices risk management and internal control, the foundation has decided adopt multi-signature process ensure the safety and accuracy asset movement, after sufficient testing multi-signature technology. based the principle independence, vechain foundation applies multi-signature process for all its significant wallets. any new added signature modification subject the approval the steering committee. the above digital asset management policies and procedures are reviewed and improved regular basis consideration new digital asset best practices. they will approved the steering committee and shared with the public. disclosure once year, the vechain foundation will share the progress and status the business and technical development, operations, and future plans with the community. for the financial situation the foundation, the public financial report will drafted and shared quarterly, and the work the annual audit will disclosed. the vechain foundation has established the public relations committee, which serves external window for regular and irregular meetings, and will release important information the public. legal affairs the vechain foundation has commissioned trusted third-party organization set legal entity singapore. all operations are subject local laws, regulations and regulatory requirements. there any requirement for legal advice such business agreement, contracts, disputes and on, any legal activity must confirmed local counsel. exemption clause the vechain foundation insists the nonprofit nature operations along with the development vechain ecosystem. whether not they have obtained vechain tokens, users who participate the vechain community have the right hold give vechain tokens. holding vechain tokens guarantees the holder's right execute token transactions smart contracts the vechainthor blockchain platform. investors token holders should understand that within the scope the law, the vechain foundation does not make any expression implication warranties and/or benefits. addition, investors should understand that the vechain foundation not responsible for any type refund after tokens are issued/transferred. settlement dispute clause when dispute arises, the parties shall drive settle negotiation and come agreement. the dispute cannot solved negotiation, will apply the local jurisdiction where vechain foundation registered, n.b. singapore. introduction the team and team members the team members vechain are from different industries and countries with different experiences, expertise, and backgrounds, but follow the same dream and passion. the composition the team well balanced with business, technology, operations and support which are all significant factors success. scott brisbin,general counsel scott well-known lawyer from the united states. his clients include the rolling stones and lead singer mick jagger, disney, mgm and on. graduated from the university california, los angeles joined the law firm msk, and became partner the company's legal affairs and patent maintenance, has absolute authority. scott joined vechain and worked vechain's legal security, organizational structure and property. cissy chen, and admin manager cissy has over years' experience human resources management and worked for sub-brands unilever before joining vechain she charge human resources management, recruitment, staff training, compensation and establishment other related strategies and policies. kevin feng, coo kevin worked the cybersecurity and privacy practice the pwc shanghai and new york offices for over years. was the driver blockchain services pwc china. kevin joined vechain coo, responsible for operations, security and privacy. certified information system security professional (cissp) and certified cloud security professional (ccsp). richard fu, business relationship director development and richard has over years' working experience multi-national enterprises such the shangri-la group and lvmh specializing sales and marketing. jerome grilleres, vechain europe jerome holds mba from london business school and msc computer science. joined from barclays france and has years' experience business strategy and development retail banking and years developing real time trading applications investment banks. jerome joined vechain business director europe. jianliang gu, cto jianliang graduated from shanghai university with master's degree majoring cybernetics. was working tcl communication technology technical director. has more than years' experience both hardware and software embedded system development and management. joined vechain and committed marrying iot and blockchain. noah huo, cmo noah huo has over years experiences consulting and assurance services fintech, cybersecurity, internal control and blockchain technology. before noah joined pwc shanghai had worked national australia bank the financial crime detection and prevention team. besides his extensive experience cybersecurity and internal control, noah has played critical role the blockchain development team within pwc cn/hk region. february noah joined vechain and charge and community management. lingbo li, risk controller lingbo graduated from the chinese academy sciences with master's degree finance engineering. she has over years' experience credit risk management and asset management. she joined vechain and responsible for digital asset management and related risk control. tony li, blockchain core developer tony majored information security. has years' experience software development and project management. has taken part numerous projects, including the financial industry, insurance industry, luxury industry and automotive industry. has been interested bitcoin and blockchain technology since and has two years' experience blockchain product development. sunny lu, co-founder ceo sunny graduated from shanghai jiao tong university, majored electronics and communication engineering. has served executive fortune companies over years, and was the former cio china. started the vechain project and committed blockchain technology and business implementation. sarah nabaa, vechain singapore prior joining vechain sarah's background was business development. after years proprietary trading, she bootstrapped and sold her ecommerce business and began consulting startups and smes their digital strategies and transformation. she graduated from ntu with bachelors electrical and electronic engineering. bin qian,chief blockchain developer bin has over years' experience the mobile application development industry, specializing developing internet applications-based real-time communication systems. network technology expert. joined vechain and charge blockchain development. chin qian, channel and sales director chin worked for from and has accumulated rich experience marketing and project management. joined vechain director business partner recruitment and management. cary sheng, financial director cary has worked pwc manager for over years. her experience includes internal audit and cyber security assessments. she has been involved the blockchain industry from and designed ico assessment system and cryptocurrency management system for enterprises. she joined vechain financial director. jack wu, product and project manager jack graduated from st. john's university (new york). has over years' ios development and project management experience. has taken part numerous projects across government agencies, the luxury goods industry and the automotive industry joined vechain blockchain project manager. jay zhang, co-founder cfo jay has worked for pwc and deloitte senior manager over years. joined vechain the leader the blockchain governance framework design and digital asset management framework establishment. edison zhang, product director edison graduated from ecnu with master's degree, majoring software engineering. has over years' experience product design and operation, and has led teams launching several successful products mobile internet, iot and fintech fields. co-founded startup companies, has over years' business management experience. joined vechain product director. peter zhou, chief scientist dr. peter zhou obtained his ph.d degree computer science from the university southampton. was involved projects funded the european commission and the academy finland when working postdoctoral researcher the university kent, well senior research scientist the university oulu, finland. has more than ten years scientific research experience and published papers top-tier international journals and conferences. appendix independence without association with stakeholders this standard applies independent members the board steering committee and advisory board. member who satisfies the independence requirements the applicable listing standards and meets all the following categorical standards shall presumed "independent": neither the member nor any his her immediate family members serve partner, significant shareholder executive officer any stakeholder the foundation. neither the member nor any his her immediate family significant vet holder. for purposes this categorical standard, vet holder shall considered significant. neither the member nor any his her immediate family serves executive officer for the foundation. for purposes these independence standards, "immediate family member" includes person's spouse, parents, children, siblings, mothers and fathers-in-law, sons and daughters-in-law, brothers and sisters-in-law, and anyone (other than domestic employees) who shares that person's home. addition the above, the board will broadly consider all relevant facts and circumstances when assessing director independence. appendix members the first board steering committee and advisory board members steering committee and the associated stakeholders: head regulation committee cheung (pwc cybersecurity and fintech partner) chun yin cheung partner pwc china's risk assurance practice, based the shanghai office, having worked pwc for over years. mr. cheung information security expert, with extensive experience security assessment and regulatory compliance related advisory for financial service institutions china and hong kong. mr. cheung was educated the hong kong university science and technology and achieved bachelor business administration (b.b.a.) information technology head public relation committee george kang (ceo greater china region, dnv assurance) george kang has worked for one the biggest state-owned automotive design and manufacturing companies saic motor before joined dnv george has accumulated extensive experience supply chain management, product assurance with particular strategic focus the food and beverage, healthcare, and automotive and aerospace sectors. george was graduated from shanghai jiaotong university with bachelor degree engineering and emba from xiamen university. head operation jay zhang (cfo cofounder vechain) jay has worked two the 'big accountancy firms pwc and deloitte and joined vechain leader their blockchain governance framework design and digital asset management framework. jay has years' experience assurance and advisory services. jay's major areas expertise and experience include general controls, security, governance and risk management, and system application controls. jay was educated shanghai jiaotong university and studied electrical and electronic engineering head compensation and nomination committee margret rui zhu (assistant professor city university hong kong) professor zhu received her from fudan university, china, economics from indiana university usa and phd finance from university texas austin usa. professor zhu currently interested corporate finance, corporate risk management and the interaction capital markets and product markets. head technical committee peter zhou (chief scientist vechain partner) dr. zhou obtained ph.d computer sciences from the university southampton and serves vechain's research and development director. has been involved projects funded the european commission and academy finland whilst working postdoctoral researcher for the university kent the uk. has been published numerous international scientific research journals. charge vechain business development related affairs renato grottola (global digital transformation director, dnv assurance) renato experienced global director with strong track record working the advisory industry, skilled strategic planning, mergers and acquisitions, business development and management complex international operations. renato has been working blockchain backed project introduce ship certifications private blockchain. general secretary the foundation sunny (ceo, vechain co-founder) sunny lu, the project lead for vechain, has wealth experience and information security across luxury retail brands, with his most recent role prior co-founding vechain being cio, is&t director for louis vuitton china. part the lvmh group, other famous brands across the portfolio include luxury fashion brands givenchy and christian dior, alongside champagne brands moet chandon, veuve clicquot and dom perignon. sunny was educated shanghai jiao tong university and studied electronics and communication engineering nominated members advisory board and the associated entities: jim breyer founder and ceo breyer capital jim has invested over companies that have gone public completed merger, with some these investments, including facebook, earning over times cost and many others over times cost. shen general partner fenbushi capital cofounded bitshares, zcash and other blockchain projects. veteran the traditional financial industry, accumulating years senior management brokerages, hedge funds and investment banks. daniel kelman general counsel gsr and bitcoin.com daniel represented the interests creditors who lost funds the gox hacking scandal. co-founder bitocean japan, cryptocurrency exchange which will licensed the japanese regulator fsa. james gong ceo chainb.com chainb the most influential professional blockchain and cryptocurrency media china. roland sun partner full-service chinese law firm named broad&bright roland has rich experience providing law consultancy services cryptocurrency, blockchain, banking and trusts. nan ning ceo bitocean bitocean cryptocurrency trading service provider which has been licensed japanese regulator fsa december appendix references buterin. next generation smart contract decentralized application platform (ethereum white paper), wood. ethereum: secure decentralised generalised transaction ledger (ethereum yellow paper), nakamoto. bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system, poa network. proof authority: consensus model with identity stake, medium (https://medium.com/), castro and liskov. practical byzantine fault tolerance, the proceedings the third symposium operating systems and implementation,