attention-based platform for video rewards verasity builds the infrastructure and tools for video publishers serve rewarded video and loyalty programs their viewers whitepaper version december verasity provides video publishers with the tools for video rewards and builds the infrastructure for publishers serve attention-rewarded video target billions viewers providing video publishers with sdks and apis that not change the publishers' workflow. our target industries are the video publishers and networks that derive their revenues from the current billion programmatic have developed and successfully market launched sdk module that more than million publishers can compete more effectively against the major platforms engagement. verasity has already had million rewarded views using its video player technology. "...verasity's video player solution offers the perfect vehicle for viewers, publishers and content creators benefit from the utility blockchain technology. i'm glad that binance and verasity are leading that charge globally." (changpeng zhao) ceo founder binance contents the problem with the internet economy needs new incentives .................................. introducing verasity .......................................................................................................................... the vra economy flow ....................................................................................................................... business model produces recurring revenues ...................................................................... marketing, product and financial operations ..................................................................... in-depth product tour .................................................................................................................... core team and contributors ........................................................................................................ community, press media ............................................................................................................. tokenomics for vra .......................................................................................................................... legal approach ................................................................................................................................... full risks and legal disclosures .................................................................................................. the problem with the internet economy needs new incentives online video the fastest growing medium. set account for all consumer internet traffic and the market worth billion. yet the online video business model fundamentally challenged. with the advent online video platforms, both video creation and consumption are more accessible than ever before. this has led significant increase content production and consumption audiences shift online for digital entertainment. however, under current advertising models, companies like facebook and google stand out the winners generating billion net advertising revenue between them controlling the distribution content and the sale advertising. online video platforms provide video systems for broadcasters, creators and publishers but are expensive operate, monetize outdated models and increase publishers' risk for failure. most publishers have turned youtube and facebook monetize their content with insufficient revenues support their business models. audiences have fast turned into commodity. their personal data sold corporations for more targeted advertising, while creators and publishers receive percentage revenue after the platform and intermediaries take significant share the advertising revenue. recent years, content creators and online publishers have been very vocal these issues, the limited revenue they are generating means they are unable re-invest into content and, therefore they struggle maintain their channels. with these monopolies controlling the majority online content, they continue turn the screw increase margins, change algorithms that demonetize creators and decide what content monetizable. any competitor who sets out challenge this status quo and gains audience attention quickly acquired and controlled, threatening future consumer options online. the mass adoption 'ad-block' technology demonstrates the viewer's frustration with the current model. creators and publishers with strong, loyal audiences are exploring new platforms sell subscriptions for their content, where viewers are happy pay for ad-free experience, which often expensive route for all. without disruptive change, are witnessing race the bottom caused conflicting priorities between creators, advertisers and their current platforms. https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/solutions/collateral/service-provider/visual-networking-index-vni/completewhite-paper-c.html#_toc https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/solutions/collateral/service-provider/visual-networking-indexvni/complete-white-paper-c.html#_toc https://www.recode.net/////google-digital-mobile-ad-revenue-world-leader-facebookgrowth introducing verasity there are many existing challenges identified with the online video space today. verasity's team media, technology and blockchain experts has released video player system that offers video publishers and creators way enhance their audience's video engagement rewarding viewers for watching video. publishers can now this without changing their current video workflow. viewers can without changing their platform preferences. viewers watch great content and receive vra, cryptocurrency reward for their attention. the goal improve the online video engagement, increase publisher monetization and therefore create fairer online economy. "verasity's tech integration results after just days our ebonus.gg site went far beyond our expectations: total videos viewed: improvement) videos viewed (unique user daily visualisations): improvement) total watch time: days days improvement) and these values have persisted! really impressive gains industry where even few points makes all the difference profitability. thank you verasity!" pedro pereira, cto, ebonus.gg verasity has completed the major parts its roadmap the project products are completed and currently working desktop and mobile publishers and are rolling out new publishers every month. (one product, proof view still development) video player products the products are live and publishers already utilizing our tech can found at: https://verawallet.tv/earn-vra (scroll down click each publisher and get rewarded vra clicking the green trophy the upper right hand corner the video player). clicking the green trophy, the user directed the in-built verawallet which serves the gateway verasity tech. the verasity technology now integrated into the following video players publishers' sites: youtube, twitch, vimeo, jwplayer, brightcove, kaltura, videojs, flowplayer, and ooyala which represents over all the video players utilized online (outside china). this rewarded module, integrated sdk into all major online video platforms provides rewards for actions without changing the publishers' workflow the viewer's habits preferences well in-built wallet. result these integrations, our unique player technology already available integrated more than million video publishers with their own sites with million users and more than billion monthly views. this means that verasity can now provide this service these million publishers and are adding video publishers every month utilizing verasity technology. mobile game products the video game triviata utilizing verasity technology already available the app store: https://apps.apple.com/us/app/triviata/id?ls= and google play: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.triviata this the first game which in-game rewards can redeemed for crypto: vra btc https://redeem.triviata.io/ the first game rewarding crypto accepted the latest networks with over networks the verasity tech waterfall https://medium.com/verasity/advertiserpartnership-update-bb the first mobile app utilizing proprietary mediation technology allowing usage nearly unlimited multiple networks. currently mobile apps have limitations several networks. the verasity technology now being utilized across other mobile publishers which will announced soon. verawallet products verawallet.tv publishers grow their audience buying vra exchanges reward their viewers. see: https://verawallet.tv/grow-your-audience viewers earn vra watching content ads: https://verawallet.tv/earn-vra users spend vra for goods stores: keyie.store and ebonus.gg examples send vra verawallet exchanges: https://verawallet.tv/send-vra verasity has already released the vra conversion gateway within the verawallet online video platform verasity has completely built-out and functioning online video platform for broadcasters/publishers that require the entire ovp platform and rewarded module well stack for both desktop and mobile (the ovp live can seen: https://technews.guru/). the verasity ovp has several innovations including: running the udp transport protocol for all chromium users when akamai cdn (default tcp when other non-chrome browsers) broadcast the cloud directly from laptop rather than via server farm. tested over data per month (confirmed akamai) other platform currently has the advantage integrated sdk and ovp components and infrastructure that suits both content creators and large video publishers without any change their workflows. verasity views this sustainable competitive advantage also have first mover advantage without any direct competitors and can scale quickly from here with current completed products and little further development. verasity developed solution that both publishers and viewers seamlessly adopt without any changes workflow, habits preferences. verasity will scale without any the challenges that are plaguing other video sharing platforms. verasity stack and waterfall the verasity stack unique that has solved timeouts for publishers that require large number ssps and networks one stack many networks one stack (example video publisher our stack: https://thegas.net/ with brands like jaguar advertising and the mobile gaming app triviata). other stacks cannot handle more than few networks time. proof view (pov) patent pending blockchain technology that produces accurate, secure and auditable audience verification metrics (in development). product development approach the verasity platform has been development since dedicated team over people. the product roadmap managed the product management team that includes stakeholders from verasity well clients. verasity already fully functional and production verasity's platform fully functional and operating already. viewers can join the verasity network and start earning rewards visiting verawallet.tv/earn-vra. you can see verasity's technology now the trophy icon the top right corner the video player, which can seen the video player anywhere across the web (example: https://ebonus.gg/earncoins/watch/). there nothing for the viewer download, and viewers can instantly start earning watching videos and claiming tokens. viewers sign and create verawallet from within the player transact verawallet.tv. doing so, viewers are now rewarded for their attention and this makes the viewing experience even more fulfilling they are being paid for their engagement. further they chose watch ads, they are rewarded more vra. advertisers want viewers' undivided attention and are willing pay substantially for this (see vra's integration thegas.net where big brands participate the demand network). verasity has partnered with top advertising partners, bringing some the biggest brands ads the verasity network. verasity's virtuous cycle platform stakeholders publishers fund their vra campaigns buying vra exchanges and they increase their viewer engagement and scale, they purchase even more vra increase the size their campaigns. revenue generated from ads used buyback vra, which means the more viewers the network, the more vra rewarded, the more revenue used buy vra from the market. publishers now can reward their fans for watching. this brings more traffic from social media platforms onto the publishers' websites, where they benefit from more revenue, subscriptions, sponsorship revenue and higher value website. this very valuable for the publisher and continue grow, they top their vra rewards account buying more vra. viewers will able donate vra real-time back the publisher creator from within the player, helping support the production great content. vra can also used buy real world goods and services through verasity partnerships. or, vra can traded across several exchanges with more follow the future. verasity infrastructure and integrations with the ovp's the verasity infrastructure has been integrated into the top online video platforms, making easy for publishers add the verasity sdk's api's their existing video player, without impacting their workflow. usually takes around minutes integrate. integrated video players include our vision our vision for verasity technology adopted millions video publishers across billions devices. the technology has been built integrated sdk and api throughout the current media landscape and technology stacks. this will help bring cryptocurrency the masses and make vra the cryptocurrency choice power the future online video. the platform effect the platform, sdk modules and dapps are designed allow the supply side engineer products that are only available the verasity platform. this creates significant value for both demand and supply side network participants. once publishers receive the network effects the rewarded campaigns built-in the veraplayer they endeavour increase those affects rewarding more vra scale their engagement and monetization. viewers, turn want watch more video content and video ads for rewards and the virtuous cycle repeats itself. verasity marketplace and network that enhances publishers' business significantly. the vra economy flow vra token used medium exchange exclusively for the online video economy. transactions vra happen over the blockchain from within the verawallet, available from within the video player across any participating website. the wallet and token are designed with the user convenience mind, making easy use for the mass markets. there nothing download, all transactions are stored the blockchain. demand for vra publishers also buy vra reward more viewers watch their content, visit their websites and this investment converts higher revenues for the publisher and more viewers with higher engagement. this important mechanism for these publishers buy vra convert more viewers the publisher's websites and content. the vra token bought advertisers engage viewers and reward them for their attention. each time there call from verasity's network display video ad, one verasity's programmatic partners fetches advert. when the successfully viewed, verasity paid. the viewability and engagement are higher from verasity's rewarded formats, the advertiser happy and sees higher performance from the advertising. the more viewers who join the verasity network, the more the revenue. the verasity foundation uses random amount the advertising revenue buy back vra from the market. viewers also may wish buy vra from the several exchanges send the staking wallet and are rewarded interest vra. they may also wish support creator publisher buying vra and donating this support the creation great content. staking vra the verasity economy adds additional incentives hold vra through the vra staking program while also increasing the demand for the utility vra across large network video publishers and their own communities, using the platform reward vra and spread awareness and take advantage the network effect. earning vra when viewers watch videos publisher's domain, they can rewarded with vra tokens. this incentivize viewers watch videos the publisher's domain, generate new traffic, and keep viewers engaged the publisher's platform. viewers may also earn additional tokens referring additional viewers the content. viewers can earn vra from, sign ups, sharing videos, referrals, watching ads, playing games. spending vra viewers can convert vra for other cryptocurrencies like bitcoin across numerous exchanges. fiat gateways will introduced enable viewers buy and sell vra directly for fiat currency. verasity also introducing partnership programs allow vra spent goods and services directly. publishers will spend their vra rewarding new viewers engage with their content, growing the overall economy. revenue and transaction fees verasity earns revenue and transaction fees generated verasity and are used maintain and improve the network, pay for overheads well buyback vra from the exchanges and burn vra (see below, buyback and burn vra). how does community interaction grow the economy and token? for many creators and publishers, the scale their audience creates community around their channel and content. the most avid members these communities provide both direct and indirect value the creator and are often their biggest advocates. providing additional opportunities for community connect and become further involved with content creators will fundamental the success the verasity economy and ecosystem. for vra, the team believes viewers will learn about vra from earning watching great content. and this 'earning' actively growing the network, increasing publishers, views and advertising revenue. this all steadily increases the price vra diagram how vra flows through the verasity network business model produces recurring revenues the verasity business model incentivizes viewers, publishers and advertisers create virtuous circle reward and benefit. video publishers (desktop mobile) utilize the verasity sdk reward their viewers vra. video publishers purchase vra the marketplace fund their reward campaigns (this supports the price vra). video publishers utilize the verawallet escrow their vra manage and administer their reward campaigns all campaign parameters such frequency caps, geo restrictions etc, are managed the admin area the publishers' verawallet. video publishers use the verasity stack monetize their video impressions. verasity takes random share the revenues paid fiat and buys back vra the marketplace. verasity's mobile apps directly provide users with offer wall tasks that are monetized fiat for verasity while rewarding users doing offer wall tasks and watching video ads with ingame crystals that are redeemed users into vra btc. this win-win for publishers because our current publishers show, rewarding viewers for watching video content and video ads, users shut off blocker and watch more ads and content which means the publishers make substantial amount inc reased revenue even after the revenue share with verasity. for mobile publishers, the ability redeem in-game rewards into vra and btc provides similar benefit and the additional benefit being able serve many more networks via the verasity stack which means higher cpms, fill rates and impressions. revenue, buybacks and vra burning verasity earns significant revenues from ads published publisher sites utilizing verasity technology. cpms paid for rewarded video desktop are about per thousand. end verasity expects million views per month across all its publishers monthly revenue combination desktop and mobile revenue. this will increase -fold end $.m monthly revenue for the combination desktop and mobile revenue and fees. this permits verasity buy back random portion its tokens exchanges and burn them. vra buyback and burn policy random amount all revenue and fees earned verasity fiat are used buy back vra from exchanges and burn vra reduce circulating supply. verasity burned ,,, vra since its launch. verasity will inform the community from time time after buy back and burn events. market strategy with publishers the key growing video content economy returning value those who create value. verasity has designed the ecosystem mechanics that all participants will rewarded for positive interactions the platform. verasity focuses providing solutions for video publishers. our primary customers are publishers, creators and broadcasters. now that the product and running our priority get publishers use our platform and fund their campaigns with vra purchased from exchanges. this will increase the price vra and perception the market scalability. providing solutions for publishers that require video views, higher engagement, ctas and revenues and focusing larger publishers with existing audience, the team will able scale the verasity ecosystem significantly faster than other similar blockchain projects. this will increase the demand, awareness and user base for vra. now that the platform and tools are released, working and out beta, can scale any number publishers and viewers. competition verasity not competing with any the myriad video sharing platforms. verasity not video sharing platform and has direct competition that know of. concluded that video sharing platforms cannot scale for various reasons including changing the workflows publishers well the habits and preferences viewers. our implementation rewarded video module sdk for all online video platforms for publishers unique and does not require any changes for the publisher workflow changes the viewers video platform preferences. this make this solution incredibly scalable. basic attention token (bat) does provide viewers with bat rewards. the only similarity that bat provides rewards, but only the browser interface. their case all publishers are one vanilla browser interface with control over their monetization workflow. verasity provides publishers with sdk which seamlessly integrates into their current online video platform and allows publishers complete control over their rewarded campaigns and monetization. publisher clients have spoken with would not consider bat solution because the lack control over their revenues. furthermore, viewers not have install new browser, change their habits preferences part the verasity ecosystem. our view, the verasity solution scales without significant hurdles. any hurdles publishers' workflows user's habits and preferences limits scale early adopters and will find challenging not possible get the early majority. the verasity solution piggy backs the current infrastructure that all publishers are now using and does not change viewers' preferences the publishers' workflows our view has the higher likelihood succeed. marketing, product and financial operations marketing plan video publisher marketing and sales sales and marketing publishers via direct sales london team members well via third party integrators who build video players and provide the verasity sdk module built-in their publishers may utilize the rewarded video solution. publisher integrations are bb. our target bring over one thousand publishers for mass adoption. are working with some the largest online video platforms meet our targets. our prospects and sales global pipeline include over clients the us, uk, and asia. verasity negotiating with multiple clients that integrate the verasity sdk technology into their own video players and that have publishers themselves clients. this allows verasity scale its sales efforts via third party integrators. mobile publisher marketing and sales sales and marketing game developers provide our redemption module gaming apps. publisher integrations are bb. our target bring over gaming apps for mass adoption. are about announce the verasity game store soon well. bounty programs for users play our mobile gaming apps and tasks. currently there are daus and are targeting airdrops for mobile app signups. weekly contests for leader board cash prizes vra and btc. referral contests for the highest number referrals certain period time. banner ads certain geos south east asia. global guerrilla marketing spread the bounty threads forums. general marketing community support and building for our communities english, russian, korean, chinese, turkish, vietnamese and brazilian (see the platform links above). support all our communities with community managers all the above languages. social media marketing across all our platforms: twitter, verasity telegram main group, verasity mobile telegram, kakao, facebook, linkedin, reddit. guerilla marketing push out the visibility and adoption vra worldwide. marketing via forums and bitcointalk. influencer marketing across the same communities with top influencers different social media platforms. currently over influencers support verasity and twitter and youtube expanding videos viewed youtube about verasity: https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=verasity&sp=qgiiaq%d%d verasity video wall will released well. product operations product management, ux/ui and wireframing our product manager responsible for obtaining the interests from all the stakeholders upcoming product make changes the current products. our designer works closely with product management and the development team solve issues prior wireframing. responsible for hitting the roadmap targets that are set out quarterly. far, have been time earlier for all product launches since inception. targets continue set and can found our roadmap verasity.io which effect the operational product plan. agile product development with weekly stand ups. our cto responsible for the product development team which are full employed verasity. product testing team tests all products and updates prior going into production. product marketing prior product launch the marketing team plans the strategy for introducing new products features, then develops awareness campaigns. product rollout when all testing finalized product updates and new products are put into production. technical product support technical product support carried out our product operations team which follows bug reports well ui/ux improvements and upgrades. also responsible for customization products such the video player and sdk module for our clients. customer product support our customer product support manages both client issues that are raised the field well support issues that are handled ticket support. manage all support requests within hours during the week and hours the weekend. product performance evaluation gather stats measure multiple metrics and analyse performance which results product improvements being planned for future updates. r&d are not waiting for cutting edge solutions create them ourselves which why research and development essential part our operations. infrastructure and servers use cloud solutions achieve easy scaling and exceptional performance. servers are divided into four groups: high load servers running custom highly efficient software where need maximum performance. secure servers which will not talking about much. utility servers used for hosting web sites, apps, load balancers and other software. database clusters servers dedicated for data storage form hot databases big data storages. cdn (content delivery network) aws akamai can used with our ovp solution depending publisher demands. for example, some may find the aws solution easier adapt all their products are based solutions from amazon. others may prefer the akamai solution which may trickier adapt but has some unique characteristics such udp video streaming which provides the lowest possible latency. development servers are used provide the best testing environment for our process mirroring production servers and their relations. this approach has proven failsafe when talking about releasing updates the fly with hundreds thousands live users. cold storage used provide safety for stored tokens. cloudflare used efficient cdn and reliable ddos protection for web pages. tested real life situations and verified. third party monitoring solutions are used track our service availability from several locations each continent the world. far, show uptime for all our services and improving. data security and privacy, the platform compliant with strict privacy and data protection laws including gdpr. financial operations financial operations are managed in-house dedicated team and can divided into the following areas: treasury verasity's policy minimize its currency risk carefully managing its crypto and fiat balances. fiat held usd, eur, gbp and sgd across multiple banks and jurisdictions and crypto held btc, eth and vra, predominantly cold storage. the business able naturally hedge its currencies' inflows and outflows. payables receivables verasity pays its creditors accurately and time according agreed terms and the company's receivables are generally collectible and received within days from major networks. concentration sales income and aged debtors are monitored closely through exception reporting and risk analysis. reporting the company produces monthly management accounts detailing its revenue and expenditure compared the annual budget and latest forecast, with movements against these indices explained. addition, balance sheet, cashflow and the kpi dashboard are the main tools for monthly reporting. in-depth reconciliations and board reports are produced quarterly. planning strategy verasity has annual bottom-up budget process where each team analyses and submits its projected costs and revenue for the forthcoming year. addition, rolling forecast takes place quarterly encourage continuous planning and ensure the business has the latest financial projections. variances the budget and rolling forecast are analysed and explained the monthly management accounts. throughout the year, finance works closely with sales marketing and development teams better understand their resource requirements. uniquely powerful architecture the technology behind verasity features end-to-end suite products and systems that provide broadcasters, publishers, content creators, advertisers, and consumers the infrastructure and tools needed access, engage and thrive. sdk's and api's verasity's platform generates compatible sdk depending the video player. verasity also has api enabling data and analytics linked the rewarded campaign. for more information the verasity sdks and api please visit the github https://github.com/verasitytech/docs in-depth product tour verawallet the verawallet the viewers' entry point the verasity network and enables viewers safely store, earn and transact with vra. the verawallet accessible from within any compatible video player that has integrated verasity rewards sdk. mobile applications ios and android will soon available. within the wallet, viewers have access their main account, escrow account and staking account. screen shot verawallet.tv fund campaigns video publishers and advertisers' escrow vra tokens fund their campaigns and reward viewers which build their audience, views, and revenues. the escrow guarantees that viewers are rewarded. learn more earn vra select from participating vra publishers, visit their site, watch great content and earn vra. also, discover sites where you can rewarded for watching ads. verasity's mobile apps, participate quizzes and games earn vra. learn more stake vra investors can choose stake their vra and transfer from their main wallet the staking wallet. vra rewarded daily back their staking wallet. learn more send receive donate vra vra holders use verawallet send their vra tokens any compatible wallet exchange that lists vra. learn more verawallet screenshots watch videos and earn vra balances redeem vra create verawallet transaction history top and withdraw verasity's online video platform unique architecture the video player infrastructure optimized for providing best class quality video experiences, scale. verasity's video infrastructure utilizes several novel technologies for enabling quality streams even the edge, combined with the latest internet protocol performance standards like quic (quick udp internet connections). this innovative use the secure transport layer security (tls) and user datagram protocol (udp) reducing buffering and network latency for viewers. viewers can access content from any browser without having install any additional plug-ins player software. the video player technology has already been proven work scale, powering over petabytes video traffic per month. "verasity white label version online video platform utilizing akamai's cdn network well key technologies akamai. akamai network partner, the white label solution utilizes akamai's "media acceleration efficiency" solution which has scaled this white label online video platform over data per month." joshua frost niven, akamai the technology features developed today include: html video player can run with without google ima sdk api interacting with our player embedded into any website built-in player wallet (verawallet) frames per second full ready embedded technology making available across any website lightweight and adaptive for mobile screens hight load clustered database with sophisticated bit data storage for advanced statistics back end database structure built-in notifications system third party publisher widgets referral system and social sharing features content management system (cms) the verasity cms easy use for publishers manage their campaigns and video libraries. this includes both online and desktop-based upload and management suite that enables creators all sizes effectively run their content libraries. the cms has the look and feel current cmss publishers utilize for their own campaigns programmatic advertising which makes extremely easy navigate for publishers. with multiple monetization options, the protocol enables multiple types content thrive, from niche technical videos through feature films. the verasity cms was designed cater the individual. recognize that every viewer, content creator, and audience different and therefore bring together multiple monetization methods which allows creators monetize their content way that makes sense their audience. screenshots the operational video platform cdn and server infrastructure verasity utilizes custom-built online video platform which partners with amazon and akamai, leading global cdn networks. verasity white label version online video platform utilizing akamai's cdn network well key technologies akamai. akamai network partner, the white label solution utilizes akamai's "media acceleration efficiency (mae)" solution which has scaled this white label online video platform over data per month. using cdn guarantees high playback quality, with low buffering, global scale also enables all content securely hosted, stored and managed verasity servers. reliable video delivery using scaled and trusted network such akamai guarantees superior user playback experience which critical for mass adoption. viewers experience delayed video starts, low quality streams and long buffering times, they will not adopt new platform, nor will they happily pay for content, meaning that platform could never scale. stated earlier, although verasity partners with akamai, verasity does not rely akamai technology and also compatible with amazon (aws) and microsoft's azure. blockchain technology verasity built its platform and vra token contract ethereum, with the smart contract address: https://etherscan.io/token/xdfddfdafbcefabaccef the team launched the in- wallet settlements off chain, which enables the development initial infrastructure. the team launched well the binance chain support the project goals and grow the community. this chain's technology enables faster transactions with confirmations happening one block. also, this offers cheaper transaction costs, vital for microtransactions. proof view(tm) and on-chain analytics verification verasity has patent-pending system securely verify audience metrics (views) way that publicly transparent and tamper proof. this system ensures the integrity all elements the verasity economy which relies upon audience metrics. video ecosystems today are plagued suspect and often fake view statistics. these statistics are used value the content advertising, thus are being manipulated generate fraudulent revenue. pov(tm) system designed securely verify content consumption the ecosystem, way that publicly transparent and tamper proof. utilized within the verasity economy ensure the integrity audience metrics and therefore the integrity the ecosystem. ensure accurate and transparent pov(tm), verasity will implement publicly auditable logs. these logs will contain all views and content recommendations along with anonymized viewer information. the information will all general data protection regulation (gdpr), payment card industry (pci dss), and eprivacy compliant. merkle hash tree guarantees that the database has never been altered. the hash tree, each view's event data hashed before being combined with other hashes until final top hash reached. each top hash represents all the data stored the specific chunk the database. the database itself split into chunks. new chunk created each time new block creat the blockchain. the top hash the current chunk added each new block the blockchain. (see the diagram below) this data stored decentralized manner, third parties can prove that each top hash added the blockchain accurate and unchanged. this allows any third party verify that the logs added within each new block the blockchain have not been tampered with, changed, branched forked. february united states provisional patent application was filed for system and method for proof view via blockchain (application number and fast tracked the middle verasity technology will offered under the creative commons attribution-noncommercial- share alike international public license the license stands february see details below. how pov(tm) prevents fake views the pov(tm) system prevents multiple methods viewers may try manipulate view counts and audience metrics such as: automated repeated viewing videos (looping views) attempting load multiple videos parallel loading videos hidden windows tabs attempting manipulate analytics without watching content verasity other party altering the views database only views from signed viewers are counted within video platform, views are type transaction. provide accountability and therefore transparency for transactions, unique identifier needs allocated all parties involved. when viewers create account, they are assigned anonymous that then marks the video views generated that user. viewers who are not signed can still view free videos, but these views are not confirmed through pov(tm). single user cannot make multiple views the same time. the majority viewers are only able truly watch one video time whereas some bad actors may try use multiple browsers, watching parallel, inflate view counts. pov will not count views when more than one video running parallel from single user. confirmed streaming for content viewed, the content file needs streamed the browser. through verasity's pov(tm) technology, while video being viewed the player will randomly required provide information about the current frame the video being viewed. this ensures the content has been streamed and avoid bots that try watch without actually streaming content. player must viewable through technology built into veraplayer, checks are made during video view ensure the player visible within the browser window and not scrolled out view, hidden, shown background tab etc. view generated when the veraplayer not viewable, the view will not verified. the suspicious activity requires manual check. while the above points outline some the ways pov(tm) technology will verify and guarantee authentic views, the system will continually monitor for suspicious unusual viewer behaviour even all the above checks are passed. example suspicious behaviour would video being viewed one user repeatedly set period. while this not necessarily fake/invalid view, before additional views were recorded verified, manual input would required the viewer ensure they were still watching. this manual input would designed avoid automatic/programmed responses from being able pass the check (e.g. recaptcha). our pov(tm) technology gains additional data through use, any common high-frequency suspicious activities will used create additional, automated features pov(tm) verify. pov(tm) data publicly auditable and transparent verasity's technology will use advanced methods ensure only views verified pov(tm) are counted. views which are verified will added publicly accessible database containing anonymized data regarding the views. verasity will provide free, open-source tools provide transparency and accountability the system. with these tools, viewers and third parties can review the data ensure its accuracy and credibility. although view data anonymous, individual viewers can generate their own unique verify views recorded for their are accurate and not manipulated. ensure that the data stored within the publicly accessible pov(tm) database bona fide untampered data, all view data sent the blockchain well the verasity servers. upgraded technical characteristics exceeding roadmap ovp allows any publisher build fast and scalable video serving web platforms like youtube and twitch. the cdn based either the aws cloud solution akamai server solution providing minimum latency any location worldwide well transparent scalability virtually infinite number video content items being served. our video library now contains premium content and growing. videos are streamed hls format with automatic bitrate adjustment. stack the video ads serving solution based vast/vpaid standards developed the iab group. verasity member iab group along with other major players the ads industry. allows processing ads from any number providers running their vast/vpaid tags through ads waterfall technology which handles the ranking tags performance based numerous parameters gathered via stack statistics processing module compatible with gdpr/ccpa. historical data saved our big data storage and every ads waterfall being adjusted using sophisticated algorithms for statistical processing. backend for ads processing written c++ ensuring maximum performance, this allows process hundreds millions requests daily. video player custom solution providing industry standard video delivery featuring adaptive hls streaming, customization, integrated rewards solution and display module. player written javascript using html specs supported all modern web browsers. featuring mobile fallback mode allowing video playback mobile web browsers. part using react for maximum performance and fast development. google protocol buffers over websocket are used ensure minimum latency and stable communication with our servers. ads processing module combines proprietary ads processor with google ima sdk ads processing whatever needed the circumstances. rewarding module built optional sdk that can added verasity player and all major players available for the web. integrates deeply with the player allowing verasity properly monitor video playback and reward viewers with vra tokens for watching videos. verawallet web wallet software supporting both mobile and desktop platforms used manage vra tokens. the client built using javascript and react. backend part designed withstand high load. manages both ethereum and binance blockchain tokens featuring wallet top ups, tokens withdrawals external wallets, spending tokens for online purchases. proprietary ledger software allows real time tokens transactions processing eliminating possible blockchain pending times. this does not apply withdrawals external wallets. verawallet provides swaps. verawallet supports deep integration with the rewarded module allowing instant vra rewards for watching videos and the mobile app points the redemption site for conversion vra btc. mobile app triviata made using unityd which makes fast and scalable all major mobile platforms. mobile app economy combines rewarded video ads and offer walls from numerous ads providers with natural gameplay economy, rewarding our users with-in game currency redeemable vra and btc. triviata listed both android play market and apple app store. our solution provides the ability easily integrate redeemable in-game currency any game and scale. current applications under development addition roadmap web sites are live using our rewarded video technology, development, pending agreement web sites are running using our ovp, development mobile app live, mobile apps development the redemption integration stage vra fiat gateway api development stage. mobile redemption btc pushed release stage. proof view beta development. mobile sdk multiple platforms support development. android and ios must supported separately along with programming languages and frameworks for apps development. rewards sdk adding custom rewarding options beta and testing now. the stack implementing new vpaid wrapper now the production integration stage. mobile app analytics has new metrics development various stages. conclusion verasity platform, dapps and token designed service one the largest sectors the global economy: video content and video ads. the programmatic industry alone valued over billion per year and growing over per year. the verasity platform brings the best aspects various technologies including blockchain improve sector that requires fixing form the inside via applications that are not intrusive that they cannot scaled. the platform, ecosystem, economy and token work together address the core issues facing this industry. verasity have already built out their products and are in-market successfully partnering with mobile and desktop publishers and quickly growing its adoption rate. our goal become the global number one solution for interfacing video content and video ads with viewers, publishers and networks utilizing rewards and loyalty programs. the verasity ecosystem incentivizes all its participants create virtuous circle benefits resolve the inefficiencies this market. core team and contributors the team are seasoned professionals with proven track records with high performing businesses the media, video and technology sectors. the core team have been involved the project together since the development team and management are full time and have been collaborating for four years. verasity has engaged number experts blockchain, online video players, advertising, marketing and security advise the project. partners community, press media large, loyal and engaged community the verasity brand was mentioned google over times, with over million unique video views and registered verawallet users. facebook fans with engagements, shares for verasity, triviata mobile game operated verasity) and cryptonow.tv website operated verasity). sentiment: positive. twitter overall engagement likes: retweets: with mentions. sentiment: positive. medium total views: total reads: what people say about verasity "video powerful tool educate, engage and entertain. verasity's video player solution offers the perfect vehicle for viewers, publishers and content creators benefit from the utility blockchain technology. i'm glad that binance and verasity are leading that charge globally." changpeng zhao, ceo founder binance "...it definitely solves existing problem the current market...the potential verasity and its unique approach programmatic ads vast." blockfyre "verasity's tech integration results after just days our ebonus.gg site went far beyond our expectations: total videos watched: improvement) videos watched (unique user daily visualizations): improvement) total watch time: days days improvement) and these values have persisted! really impressive gains industry where even few points make all the difference profitability. thank you verasity!" pedro pereira, cto, ebonus.gg "verasity's innovative blockchain based video technology great interest operators publishers across regions. believe using the cryptocurrency powered video player with exclusive ott content, operator's brand and reach, companies can significantly benefit reaching their global user base with new way engage and consume video online. specifically apac, this new technology can change the way people distribute and consume content create transparent and seamless experience." akash tyagi, head strategy new initiatives, dish "the current advertising model broken. consumers are now understanding who has their data, what being used for, and who being sold to. the cambridge analytica/facebook news has brought this head. verasity ushering new era optin reward-based advertising which believe consumers will quickly adopt." jon hook, emea board director mobile marketing association "verasity takes the next step rewarding creators for the content they make." niall coen, managing director snack media "verasity has developed great value proposition for today's media landscape enabling brands and advertisers directly reward viewers for their attention." stuart ferreira-cole, commercial director ostmodern "advertising workflow audits are hot topic right now. verasity's proof view (pov(tm)) technology great example how blockchain technology can put good use tech." ramy yareed, adtech industry advisor "blockchain technology spearheading solutions for deep structural problems within advertising. verasity great way for publishers tangibly reward consumers. tracking consumer consent through proof view will give mobile advertisers significant confidence boost." dan wilson, ceo lmex publications, videos, podcasts and amas publications verasity blockfyre report https://drive.google.com/file/d/tfnpbvvjgauucjg_y-qqevd-lvn/view how crypto assets are capturing the attention economy https://news.bitcoin.com/how-crypto-assets-are-capturing-the-attention-economy/ how traditional financial institutions are using interactive advertising stay https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/how-traditional-financial-institutions-are-using-interactiveadvertising-to-stay verasity partners with the interactive advertising bureau dive the emerging value exchange economy https://venturebeat.com////verasity-partners-with-the-interactive-advertising-bureau-todrive-the-emerging-value-exchange-economy/ azarcapital amazix verasity token report https://www.docdroid.net/estwp/verasity-token-report.pdf verasity publisher stats prove stunning says ebonus https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/verasity-publisher-stats-prove-stunning-saysebonus- comparing game thrones verasity https://www.buzzfeed.com/evansstroud/comparing-game-of-thrones-to-verasity-tintdeq verasity: the next killer app for video rewards https://www.coinspeaker.com/verasity-next-killer-app-video-rewards/ what verasity? attention based platform for video https://blockonomi.com/verasity-video-rewards/ top micro cap gems https://www.publishx.com/hydro-overlord/top--micro-cap-gems-xxowqw verasity announces integration with youtube https://www.marketwatch.com/press-release/verasity-announces-integration-with-youtube-- videos about verasity girl gone crypto what verasity? blockchain solution for advertising video content https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdjitofqw&t=s crypto beadles (vra) crypto project verasity making better youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghrjhsg scott cunningham verasity the best attention-based video rewards model ep# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsgqxsyzi mr_kristof failed miserably with bitcoin! verasity used major media outlets! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfuglckc_g cryptocurrency exchange exrates earn cryptocurrency for watching ads: verasity coin https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dabdmhly crypto trends ico verasity review https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sakaconmi avseenko-life verasity review https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mfeb_bdiu dr.altcoin verasity review https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtcujebxyg the crypto lark want get paid crypto watch youtube? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onfpwup_gg coach verasity cryptocurrency simple erc- bep- binance conversion https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgjqcqffrw& tokenize verasity ico review https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymhhocwaqgs verasity verasity the blockchain powered video sharing economy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkxqcxeogw david pakman show verasity ico interview: youtube the blockchain https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oimdiyqyu-y that martini guy verasity review, future top altcoin? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jniemkv_urs&t=s crypto corner verasity interview: youtube the blockchain https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qk-eyergq altcoin nerds verasity the ico review https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okesxxzg crypchronicles hot ico verasity video streaming could destroy youtube... here why https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxugpauq ponderist how earn vra token convert vrab? [video rewards verasity] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hxwmwcay sonny eyakwaire verasity rewarding blockchain video platform https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwegivrhsu ludwig van bitcoin verasity https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uierczycy verasity asia pop how claim your rewards https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohbyfnekzdm the noize australia what verasity https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-ymcwixm airdrop inside verasity listed coinmarketcap https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sexsnlyas minha casa meu trabalho vra https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zddlfna jsaves verasity video review https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-acq-o__q increase capital verasity review project https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyzn-uxss bounty news verasity next generation video platform https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tniwbzesny lora david verasity https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwkzwokarjm best ico finder verasity: the future online video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aku_hotzu] cryp story verasity https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djnpumvuxw tothemoon verasity the next generation video sharing platform https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=col_ejtpxe indo crypto verasity video sharing platform designed liberate creators and benefit viewers https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntpiwigza nexchange block blockchain summit chris gale, verasity https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqiaasdnimo road the moon verasity project review https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oeovrgvqm learn fast earn verasity- attention-based platform for video rewards|join bounty for vra https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_czx_jzo_ns world crypto paradise verasity review https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccvfeyfyk future tokens verasity ico review part https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xjzoptely https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxeialuwm bhagwaan new free airdrop coins verasity, bpc, lordchain token, etc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkausoupi stas yarmakov verasity review https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmaxplgwyw evgenii vertel' verasity video-platforma novogo pokoleniia #ico https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znmzy_c_zg recent podcasts about verasity https://soundcloud.com/user-/verasity-podcast- https://soundcloud.com/user-/verasity-podcast- https://soundcloud.com/richard-jacobs-/david-orman-co-founder-ceo-and https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghrjhsg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oimdiyqyu-y recent verasity amas pantera group https://medium.com/verasity/verasity-x-ico-pantera-group-ama-with-chris-gale-ddca binance dex https://medium.com/verasity/verasity-x-binance-dex-telegram-ama-summary-eddfcc trustwallet https://medium.com/verasity/verasity-x-trust-wallet-ama-summary-addc verasity ama https://medium.com/verasity/verasitys-first-telegram-ama-recap-fcede digital currency alliance https://www.digitalcurrencyalliance.com/actionchris/verasity-ama---.pdf tokenomics for vra token name: verasity token code: vra blockchain: erc ethereum decimals: fixed total (and maximum) supply: ,,, vra total burned since inception: ,,, vra total supply) circulating supply: ,,, vra, https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/verasity/ contract address: https://etherscan.io/address/xdfddfdafbcefabaccef open source: https://github.com/verasitytech smart contract audit: https://verasity.io/documents/smart_contract_audit.pdf legal opinion: https://verasity.io/documents/legal-opinion.pdf token use: the vra token used the main value carrier the verasity ecosystem. mobile apps users redeem game currencies for vra. viewers earn vra tokens for watching videos and ads. publishers provide vra tokens for rewarding their users. verasity rewards viewers for different kinds tasks. token distribution verasity and binance chain may verasity, began testing bep token the binance chain for the following reasons: speed more frequent block generation leading faster transactions. based the tendermint bft consensus algorithm without embedded smart contracts. the current tps the blockchain couple thousands but can scaled significantly. time confirmation second which faster order magnitude than any its competitors not mention ethereum which minutes. scalability the binance blockchain appears equal footing with leaders like eos, tron and stellar. security decentralized exchange tokens security listing new tokens are approved the community, lower possibility token spoofing security token smart contract implemented the blockchain and has higher security level price lower and more stable fees legal approach due concerns around unpredictability and regulation (or lack many markets) the team have treated the legal and administrative elements setting the project and raising funds very seriously. verasity appointed legal officer sit the advisory team and work closely with the rest the verasity foundation advising best practices. verasity appointed ogier, well-known and highly reputable legal firm that has dedicated digital, blockchain and fintech team advise verasity the structure verasity foundation and certain regulatory and other matters pertaining cayman islands laws. verasity has also appointed bdbpitmans, well-known and highly reputable legal firm the united kingdom with respect certain regulatory and other matters. order comply with present and/or future regulation, verasity foundation opting apply the necessary kyc/aml and accredited investor procedures during the token sale and comply with all applicable regulations including necessary sanctions and pep checks. governance and role the foundation verasity foundation will responsible for ensuring the vision the white paper adhered to, funding the development the platform and funding the support growth within the community. verasity foundation will conducting the initial sale vra and will thereafter monitoring verasity ensure the verasity platform developed accordance with the principles set out this white paper. proceeds raised from the sale vra will remain the foundation and unlocked vratech pte limited based predefined milestones agreed upon and validated the foundation. verasity's general counsel supervisor the foundation and will validate milestones well the use funds from the ico. verasity foundation will provide updates the contributors the project regarding the roadmap updates. this will include current developments, forecast vs. current and latest updates (updates the whitepaper). verasity management will not able buy sell vra during the days prior the announcement the quarterly management reports avoid insider trading. verasity management lock period over -year period. private investor lock-up periods are months. verasity foundation has made public its github (https://github.com/verasitytech/docs). verasity foundation, token holders and verasity verasity foundation foundation company incorporated the cayman islands under the companies law (revised) and registered foundation company pursuant the foundation companies law, verasity foundation's management will carried out its directors. holders tokens are not entitled appoint remove the board directors the verasity foundation. the foundation does not pay dividends and wholly set exploit the value verasity technology benefit its token holders and other asset class. the foundation acts the token generator. all verasity products, improvements, platform technology and development are contracted and provided vratech pte ltd, singapore. patents, intellectual property and code are owned verasity foundation. physically, the team the united kingdom, singapore and poland. the verasity roadmap has been completed and the rollout its products publishers has commenced, mitigating the risk further development costs. revenues are now being generated and are expected scale. verasity foundation has endeavoured conserve the value the token sale proceeds and attempted limit risks associated with unstable cryptocurrency market prices. verasity foundation achieved this objective exchanging the proceeds the token sale into either fiat currencies other assets with history price stability. the cayman islands and singapore are well-known and established jurisdictions the international financial marketplace due its stable and predictable political and legal framework, well its tax neutral status for international transactions. verasity believes cayman domicile for the verasity foundation and operating company singapore will provide for long-term period stability. the verasity foundation will pay zero taxes the transactions the verasity economy. the competent court for litigation will the courts the cayman islands. preliminary disclosures the digital tokens described this white paper may only used for enabling transactions associated with viewing digital content through the verasity platform, and such tokens have intrinsic value and may not redeemed except content creator payment for viewership his her work product through the verasity platform. the acquisition vra involves high degree risk. before acquiring vera, recommended that each purchaser conduct their own careful examination all relevant information and risks (including set forth below and additional documentation associated with the sale vera). any the following risks occurs, the verasity platform and vra may materially and adversely affected, including all vra being rendered worthless unusable. while tokens may traded through one more cryptocurrency exchanges, there guarantee value, and the token may delisted any time that does not meet the listing requirements the exchange. the cryptocurrency token market immature, and there are numerous risks that threaten the entire category, including but not limited regulatory risk, the potential collapse ethereum cryptocurrency, loss the password key that enables access digital wallet, and the potential for bad actors attack and steal either the content verasity the contents the digital wallets that belong the members the verasity community, owners and its viewers. full risks and legal disclosures important notice please read this section carefully. you should consult your legal, financial, tax, and other professional advisor(s) before taking any action connection with this white paper. this document (the white paper) intended present general information regarding the planned verasity system. connection with the development the system, sales blockchain tokens may take place one more proposed generation and sale events vra vrab (tokens) undertaken the verasity foundation company limited (the token generator) (collectively, the token generation). certain terms this document pertain potential purchasers (each purchaser) any such sale(s). reliance any tokens are offered solely the basis the information contained the terms and conditions purchase and sale (terms and conditions). potential purchasers should disregard, and not rely upon, any other information representations given made any dealer, broker other person. person authorized give any information make any representations connection with any offering vra vrab tokens apart from those contained the terms and conditions. potential purchaser whom such information representations are given made must not rely them having been authorized the token generator any its affiliates subsidiaries. statements the white paper are generally based the law and practice the cayman islands, with certain specific statements based the law and practice the jurisdictions explicitlymentioned, each case current the date the white paper was issued. those statements are therefore subject change should the corresponding law practice change. under circumstance does the delivery the white paper the sale tokens imply represent that the affairs the token generator have not changed since the date the white paper. purchaser responsibility nothing contained the white paper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies the token generator. the token generator does not make representations warranties any kind with respect the economic return from, the tax consequences purchase tokens. prospective purchasers should carefully review the whole the token sale terms and conditions provided along with any token sale offer. they should also consult with their legal, tax and financial advisors relation the following: (i) the legal and regulatory requirements within their own countries for purchasing, holding and disposing tokens; (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions which they may subject their own countries relation purchasing, holding disposing tokens; and (iii) the legal, tax, financial and other consequences subscribing for, purchasing, holding disposing tokens. this white paper not composed accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction which are designed protect investors. the maximum extent permitted applicable law, token generator expressly disclaims and shall not liable for any and all responsibility for any direct any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with (i) purchaser's acceptance reliance any information contained the white paper, (ii) any error, omission inaccuracy any such information (iii) any action resulting therefrom. distribution and selling restrictions the distribution the white paper and the offering purchase tokens may restricted certain jurisdictions. the white paper not intended part any offer, sale distribution under the laws any jurisdiction governing the offer sale securities. the receipt the white paper the accompanying terms and conditions does not constitute invitation recipient subscribe for tokens jurisdiction where necessary comply with registration any other legal requirement make that invitation, the use the terms and conditions, lawful. such recipient may treat the white paper the accompanying terms and conditions invitation subscribe for tokens, nor may such recipient use the terms and conditions. more particularly, the white paper does not constitute offer solicitation: anyone jurisdiction which such offer solicitation not lawful which the person making such offer solicitation not qualified so; anyone whom unlawful make such offer solicitation. the responsibility every person possession the white paper and every person wishing apply purchase tokens inform himself, herself itself of, and observe all applicable laws and regulations of, any relevant jurisdiction. forward looking information all statements, estimates and financial information contained the white paper, made any press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made token generator that are not statements historical fact, constitute "forward-looking statements". some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" other similar terms. such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause actual events results, performance achievements differ materially from the estimates the results implied expressed such forward-looking statements. further, the token generator disclaims any responsibility update any those forward-looking statements publicly announce any revisions those forward-looking statements reflect future developments, events circumstances, even new information becomes available other events occur the future. disclosure schedule the acquisition tokens involves high degree risk. before acquiring tokens, recommended that each purchaser conduct its own careful examination all relevant information and risks about the token generator, verasity platform and tokens and, specifically, the disclosures and risk factors set out below. any the following risks actually occurs, the verasity platform, token and purchaser's tokens may materially and adversely affected, including the purchaser's token being rendered worthless unusable. disclosures regarding the white paper ... accuracy information, consent parties referenced white paper this white paper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, well market research, publicly available information and industry publications. such surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed reliable, but there can assurance the accuracy completeness such included information. save for the token generator and its respective directors, executive officers and employees, person has provided his her consent the inclusion his her name and/or other information attributed perceived attributed such person connection therewith the white paper and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information such person and such persons shall not obliged provide any updates the same. neither the token generator nor verasity technology (cayman) have conducted any independent review the information extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy completeness such information ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. consequently, neither token generator nor its directors, executive officers and employees acting its behalf makes any representation warranty the accuracy completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same terms used facilitate better understanding tokens being offered for purchase the token generator, and the businesses and operations the token generator, certain technical terms and abbreviations, well as, certain instances, their descriptions, have been used the white paper. these descriptions and assigned meanings should not treated being definitive their meanings and may not correspond standard industry meanings usage. words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. references persons shall include corporations. restrictions distribution and dissemination white paper the distribution dissemination the white paper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements and rules any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession the white paper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability the token generator. persons whom copy the white paper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the white paper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute the white paper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. language white paper this white paper may have been prepared multiple languages. the event any inconsistencies between one version and another, the english language version shall prevail. disclosures regarding tokens token utility token tokens are digital utility tokens that afford token holders access the verasity platform and/or execute certain functions the verasity blockchain. tokens not represent loan token generator, nor they provide purchaser with any ownership other interest token generator. for greater certainty, the purchase tokens does not provide purchaser with any form ownership right other interest token generator verasity its present future assets and revenues, including, but not limited to, any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, revenue sharing, proprietary (including all forms intellectual property), other financial legal rights. tokens are non-refundable other than instances described the terms and conditions, any, token generator not obliged provide token holders with refund for any reason, and token holders will not receive money other compensation lieu refund. statements set out the white paper are merely expressions the token generator's objectives and desired work plan achieve those objectives. and promises future performance price are will made respect tokens, including promise inherent value, and guarantee that tokens will hold any particular value. tokens are provided "as is" basis tokens are provided "as is" basis. the token generator and verasity and each their respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders, affiliates and licensors make representations warranties any kind, whether express, implied, statutory otherwise regarding tokens, including any warranty title, merchantability fitness for particular purpose any warranty that tokens and verasity platform will uninterrupted, error-free free harmful components, secure not otherwise lost damaged. except the extent prohibited applicable law, the token generator and verasity and each their respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders, affiliates and licensors disclaim all warranties, including any implied warranties merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for particular purpose, non- infringement, quiet enjoyment, and any warranties arising out any course dealings, usage trade. not offering securities, commodities swaps the sale tokens and tokens themselves are not securities, commodities, swaps either securities commodities, financial instrument any kind. purchases and sales tokens are not subject the protections any laws governing those types financial instruments. this white paper and all other documents referred the white paper including the terms and conditions not constitute prospectus offering document, and are not offer sell, nor the solicitation offer buy investment, security, commodity, swap either security commodity. non-investment purposes purchaser acknowledges and agrees that purchaser not purchasing tokens for purposes investment, speculation, some type arbitrage strategy, for immediate resale other financial purposes. tokens are not designed for investment purposes and should not considered type investment. tokens may have value force majeure the token generation and the performance the token generator's activities set out white paper development roadmap may interrupted, suspended delayed due force majeure events. for the purposes the white paper, force majeure event shall mean any extraordinary event circumstances which could not prevented token generator and shall include: hardware, software other utility failures, changes market forces technology, software smart contract bugs, changes blockchain-related protocols, acts nature, wars, armed conflicts, mass civil disorders, industrial actions, epidemics, lockouts, slowdowns, prolonged shortage other failures energy supplies communication service, acts municipal, state federal governmental agencies other circumstances beyond token generator's control, which were not existence the time token generation. purchaser understands and agrees that token enerator shall not liable and disclaims all liability purchaser connection with force majeure event. insurance unlike bank accounts accounts financial institutions, tokens are uninsured unless you specifically obtain private insurance insure them. thus, the event loss loss utility value, there public insurer private insurance arranged token generator offer recourse purchaser. governmental disclosures risk unfavorable regulatory action one more jurisdictions the regulatory status cryptographic tokens, digital assets, and blockchain technology undeveloped, varies significantly among jurisdictions and subject significant uncertainty. possible that certain jurisdictions may adopt laws, regulations, policies rules directly indirectly affecting the bitcoin and ethereum network, restricting the right acquire, own, hold, sell, convert, trade, use tokens. developments laws, regulations, policies rules may alter the nature the operation the blockchain network upon which tokens are dependent. there can assurance that governmental authorities will not examine the operations the token generator and verasity and/or pursue enforcement actions against the token generator and verasity. all this may subject the token generator and verasity judgments, settlements, fines penalties, cause the token generator and verasity restructure their operations and activities cease offering certain products services, all which could harm the token generator and verasity's reputation lead higher operational costs, which may, turn, have material adverse effect tokens and/or the development the verasity platform. purchaser bears responsibility legal categorization there risk that tokens might considered security certain jurisdictions, that they might considered security the future. the token generator does not provide any warranty guarantee whether tokens will security the jurisdiction the purchaser. each purchaser will bear all consequences tokens being considered security their respective jurisdiction. every purchaser responsible confirm the acquisition and/or disposal tokens legal its relevant jurisdiction, and each purchaser undertakes not use tokens any jurisdiction where doing would unlawful. purchaser establishes that the purchase use tokens not legal its jurisdiction, should not acquire tokens and immediately stop using possessing tokens. acquiring tokens exchange for cryptocurrencies will most likely continue scrutinized various regulatory bodies around the world, which may impact the usage token the legal ability the token generator provide support tokens some jurisdictions may eliminated future regulation legal actions. the event the token generator determines that the purchase usage tokens illegal certain jurisdiction, the token generator may cease operations that jurisdiction, adjust tokens the verasity platform way comply with applicable law. purchaser bears responsibility for complying with transfer restrictions tokens may placed third-party exchanges, giving future purchasers and viewers opportunity openly buy tokens. user seeking enter the verasity platform following the token generation will have buy tokens such exchanges. conversely, tokens may sold such exchanges the holder tokens would like exit the verasity platform ecosystem. existing laws the circulation securities certain countries, such the united states america, canada and singapore, may prohibit the sale tokens the residents those countries. when buying tokens, purchaser should aware the restrictions their subsequent sale. general security risks risk theft and hacking token generation events and initial coin offerings are often targeted hackers and bad actors. hackers may attempt interfere with the purchaser's private key storage device digital wallet digital wallet, the verasity blockchain the availability tokens any number ways, including without limitation denial service attacks, sybil attacks, spoofing, smurfing, malware attacks, consensus-based attacks. any such attack may result theft purchaser's tokens. private keys tokens purchased purchaser may held purchaser purchaser's digital wallet vault, which requires private key, combination private keys, for access. accordingly, loss requisite private key(s) associated with purchaser's digital wallet vault storing tokens will result loss such tokens. moreover, any third party that gains access such private key(s), including gaining access login credentials hosted wallet vault service purchaser uses, may able misappropriate purchaser's tokens. token generator not responsible for any such losses. exchange risks purchaser sends cryptocurrencies the token generator from exchange account that purchaser does not control, tokens will allocated the account that has sent such cryptocurrency; therefore, purchaser may never receive able recover purchaser's tokens. furthermore, purchaser chooses maintain hold tokens through cryptocurrency exchange other third party, purchaser's tokens may stolen lost. risk incompatible wallet services the wallet wallet service provider used for the storage tokens has technically compatible with tokens. the failure assure this may result the purchaser not being able gain access its tokens. risk weaknesses exploitable breakthroughs the field cryptography advances cryptography, other technical advances such the development quantum computers, could present risks cryptocurrencies, ethereum and tokens, which could result the theft loss tokens. internet transmission risks there are risks associated with using tokens including, but not limited to, the failure hardware, software, and internet connections. the token generator shall not responsible for any communication failures, disruptions, errors, distortions delays you may experience when using the verasity platform and tokens, howsoever caused. transactions cryptocurrencies may irreversible, and, accordingly, losses due fraudulent accidental transactions may not recoverable. cryptocurrency transactions are deemed made when recorded public ledger, which not necessarily the date time when the transaction initiated. verasity platform disclosures guarantee that verasity blockchain will developed purchaser acknowledges, understands and agrees that purchaser should not expect and there guarantee representation warranty token generator that: (a) the verasity platform will ever adopted; (b) the verasity platform will adopted developed token generator and not different modified form; (c) blockchain utilizing adopting the token generator will ever launched; and (d) blockchain will ever launched with without changes the verasity platform and with without distribution matching the fixed balances the initial tokens distributed under the token sale. risks associated with the verasity and ethereum blockchains and associated software and/or infrastructure. (a) malfunctions the initial iteration the tokens are based the ethereum blockchain. such, any malfunction, unintended function unexpected functioning the ethereum protocol may cause tokens and/or the verasity platform malfunction function unexpected unintended manner. (b) bugs and weaknesses the ethereum blockchain rests open source software, and accordingly there the risk that the token smart contract pertaining the initial iteration tokens may contain intentional unintentional bugs weaknesses which may negatively affect tokens result the loss theft tokens the loss ability access control tokens. the event such software bug weakness, there may remedy and token holders are not guaranteed any remedy, refund compensation. (c) delays and congestions the ethereum blockchain (which used for the token sale) timing block production determined proof work block production can occur random times. for example, ether contributed the verasity blockchain the final seconds distribution period may not get included for that period. purchaser acknowledges and understands that the ethereum blockchain may not include the purchaser's transaction the time purchaser expects and purchaser may not receive tokens the same day purchaser sends ether. the ethereum blockchain prone periodic congestion during which transactions can delayed lost. individuals may also intentionally spam the ethereum network attempt gain advantage purchasing cryptographic tokens. purchaser acknowledges and understands that ethereum block producers may not include purchaser's transaction when purchaser wants, purchaser's transaction may not included all. irreversible nature blockchain transactions transactions involving tokens that have been verified, and thus recorded block the blockchain, generally cannot undone. even the transaction turns out have been error, due theft user's token, the transaction not reversible. further, this time, there governmental, regulatory, investigative, prosecutorial authority mechanism through which bring action complaint regarding missing stolen cryptocurrencies. consequently, the token generator may unable replace missing tokens seek reimbursement for any erroneous transfer theft tokens. amendments protocol the development team and administrators the source code for ethereum blockchain the verasity blockchain could propose amendments such network's protocols and software that, accepted and authorized, not accepted, the network community, could adversely affect the supply, security, value, market share tokens. risk mining attacks with other decentralized cryptocurrencies, the ethereum blockchain, which used for the initial tokens sold under the token sale, susceptible mining attacks, including but not limited double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, "selfish-mining" attacks and race condition attacks. any successful attack presents risk tokens, including the expected proper execution and sequencing tokens and ethereum contract computations general. despite the efforts the token generator and ethereum foundation, the risk known novel mining attacks exists. mining attacks, described above, may also target other blockchain networks, with which tokens interact with and consequently tokens may impacted also that way the extent described above. token generator disclosures because tokens confer governance rights any kind with respect the token generator, all decisions involving the token generator's products services within the platform token generator itself will made token generator its sole discretion. these decisions could adversely affect the platform and the utility any token you own. dependence management team the ability the verasity platform project team, which responsible for maintaining competitive position the verasity platform, dependent large degree the services senior management team. the loss diminution the services members such senior management team inability attract, retain and maintain additional senior management personnel could have material adverse effect the verasity platform. competition for personnel with relevant expertise intense due the small number qualified individuals, and this competition may seriously affect the token generator's ability retain its existing senior management and attract additional qualified senior management personnel, which could have significant adverse impact the verasity platform. risks related reliance third parties even completed, the verasity platform will rely, whole partly, third-parties adopt and implement and continue develop, supply, and otherwise support it. there assurance guarantee that those third-parties will complete their work, properly carry out their obligations, otherwise meet anyone's needs, any which might have material adverse effect the verasity platform. insufficient interest the verasity platform and tokens possible that the verasity platform tokens will not used large number individuals, businesses and organizations and that there will limited public interest the creation and development its functionalities. such lack interest could impact the development the verasity platform. verasity platform development risks the development the verasity platform and/or verasity blockchain may abandoned for number reasons, including lack interest from the public, insufficient funding, insufficient commercial success prospects departure key personnel. changes verasity platform the verasity platform still under development and may undergo significant changes over time. although the token generator and verasity intend for the verasity platform have the features and specifications set forth the white paper, changes such features and specifications may made for any number reasons, any which may mean that the verasity platform does not meet expectations the purchaser. other projects the platform may give rise other, alternative projects, promoted parties that are affiliated unaffiliated with the token generator and verasity, and such projects may provide benefit the verasity platform. disclosures relating conflicts interest any the token generator and verasity may engaged transactions with related parties and conflicts interest may arise, potentially resulting the conclusion transactions terms not determined market forces. token purchases purchases tokens should undertaken only individuals, entities, companies that have significant experience with, and understanding of, the usage and intricacies cryptographic tokens, including ether, and blockchain based software systems. purchaser should have functional understanding storage and transmission mechanisms associated with other cryptographic tokens. while the token generator will available assist purchasers tokens during the sale, the token generator will not responsible any way for loss btc, eth tokens resulting from actions taken by, omitted purchasers. you not have such experience expertise, then you should not purchase tokens participate the sale tokens. cryptographic tokens such tokens are new and untested technology. addition the risks included above, there are other risks associated with your purchase, possession and use tokens, including unanticipated risks. such risks may further materialize unanticipated variations combinations the risks discussed above. definitions creator: individual, corporate video publisher broadcaster who creates owns video content share their own online video channel generate both views and revenue from their audience. this document creator and publisher are used interchangeably cdn: content distribution network, distributed network servers that consumers connect order receive video. the servers are normally positioned close the end user and are normally deployed scale provide higher quality video experiences digital wallets: desktop application wallet and web wallet with api into player, both used hold vera economy: verasity ecosystem which vera, the verasity token, utilized for transactions management: core team listed this white paper ovp: online video platform including uploader, player and cdn network publisher: company that distributes video content across multiple channels and mediums maximize both views and revenue from their audience. typically works with multiple creators who contribute their content library platform: the combined suite technology and products that power the verasity video rewarded module and online video platform and components proof view (pov(tm)): proof view implementation the blockchain and patent pending further described the "proof view" section below verasity foundation: verasity foundation company limited, cayman islands foundation company registered under the cayman islands foundation companies law, which has been incorporated support the verasity economy and platform per this white paper veraplayer: video player, uploader, cdn and components that make the online video platform, technology licensed verasity and made available the verasity community and economy. this technology already operating and available for implementation verawallet: web based token wallet designed allow vra holders top their accounts, stake vra withdraw vra other wallets vra: cryptographically secured digital utility token which will created and used within the verasity video sharing ecosystem and economy and verified the verasity blockchain verasity: vratech pte ltd, incorporated singapore may, company number