introduction since its inception bitcoin and the concept blockchain, was developed response inherent flaw the way transactions were processed the internet. his whitepaper [], nakamoto explains that commerce the internet has come rely almost exclusively financial institutions serving trusted third parties process electronic payments. while the system works well enough for most transactions, still suffers from the inherent weaknesses the trust based model (nakamoto, bitcoin has been rapidly adopted into today's modern marketplaces. primary issue with bitcoin's rapid adoption the increase demand the original blockchain handle varying degrees large transactions. with increased demand comes increased transactional waiting periods, and this has resulted higher transactional fees attempts try and speed-up transaction confirmation times. official verge blackpaper table contents introduction overview multi-algo pow tailored transactional applications simple transactions stealth transactions anon transactions the verge network tor integration integration electrum tor android encrypted messaging message propagation dual-key stealth addressing dual-key stealth address protocol key agreements the diffie-hellman algorithm elliptic-curve diffie-hellman (ecdh) key take-aways atomic swaps what hash time-locked contract (htlc)? how hash time-locked contracts work? what are the benefits htlc's? what are the benefits atomic swaps? what are the limitations on-chain atomic swaps? what the lightning network? rootstock (rsk) ring confidential transactions ring signatures pendersen commitment range proofs conclusion references personal note official verge blackpaper overview the core innovation behind bitcoin its decentralized structure. unlike traditional fiat currencies, bitcoin has central control, central repository information, central management, and central point failure. this point, verge was created bring tailored transactional applications and inherent privacy implementations strengthen user obfuscation while maintaining nakamoto's vision decentralized electronic payment system based cryptographic proof instead third-party trust. multi-algo pow verge multi-algorithm enabled proof-of-work based cryptocurrency that designed enable people with different types mining devices have equal access earning coins. one the few cryptocurrencies support hash functions combined one blockchain. this results increased security due wider range people and devices that can mine verge. the algorithms supported the verge network are: scrypt, lyrarev, myr-groestl and blakes. all algorithms have -second block target time and the difficulty influenced only the algorithms hash rate. tailored transactional applications verge (xvg) was originally created based the idea providing end-user identity obfuscation suited for everyday use. believe that every human deserves the right privacy and with that idea mind pride ourselves being able provide several different available methods transacting across the verge network. each method provides our users with base level obfuscation through the tor network well different obfuscation options tailored for everyone's specific needs. simple transactions much like bitcoin, the verge network operates publicly facing blockchain. important understand that all transactions are stored publicly and permanently the blockchain. this means that anyone can see the balance and transactions any verge address. however, verge addresses are not themselves linked person entity and users remain pseudo-anonymous long different addresses are used per transaction and until information revealed during purchase other transactional circumstance [ref]. these styles transactions are best suited for general everyday use. official verge blackpaper stealth transactions stealth transactions are primarily compromised dual-key stealth addresses. you will read later this paper, stealth addresses are method which additional obfuscation can implemented further protect the receiving party when transacting with verge. this done requiring the payers generate random one-time addresses for given transaction. when multiple users send funds stealth address, rather than these transactions appearing the blockchain multiple payments the same address, they instead appear multiple payments going different addresses. this (in theory) makes near-impossible link transactions the recipient's published address one-time generated addresses. important note that this type transaction designed such that the recipient payment can maintain their privacy, stealth addresses not provide anonymity and not protect the sender. anon transactions anon transactions use combination dual-key stealth addresses and ringct (ring signatures and confidential transactions) preserve the anonymity both the sending and receiving parties. these concepts will explained later this paper; however, the short version that ring signatures make harder trace transactions obscuring the output the true sender set other outputs the blockchain, confidential transactions hide the actual amounts being sent, and tor hides both parties true addresses i.e. obfuscation. this style transaction best suited for those who are fully looking maintain their personal privacy. official verge blackpaper the verge network the following segments are discuss key integrations that are supported the verge network. tor integration tor [], derived from acronym for the original software project name "the onion router", obfuscation service which enables anonymous communication across layered circuit-based network. tor directs internet traffic through free worldwide volunteer overlay network consisting more than seven thousand relays conceal user's location and usage from anyone conducting network surveillance traffic analysis. the layers encrypted address information used anonymize data packets sent through tor are reminiscent onion, hence the name. that way, data packet's path through the tor network cannot fully traced. tor's use intended protect the personal privacy users, well their freedom and ability conduct confidential communication keeping their internet activities from being monitored. onion routing implemented encryption the application layer communication protocol stack, nested like the layers onion. tor encrypts the data, including the next node destination ip, multiple times and sends through virtual circuit comprising successive, randomly selected tor relays. each relay decrypts only enough the data packet wrapper know which relay the data came from, and which relay send next. the relay then rewraps the package new wrapper and sends on. the final relay decrypts the innermost layer encryption and sends the original data its destination without revealing, even knowing, the source address. short, when user connects into the tor network, their internet traffic then routed through number global servers, each which removes information the previous server such that the last exit node server ends being clueless where the network originated from. official verge blackpaper integration was originally built provide hidden services which allow people host servers unknown locations. provides many the same benefits that tor does. both allow anonymous access online content, make use pp-style routing structure, and both operate using layered encryption. however, was designed "network within the internet", (see figure with traffic staying contained its borders. performs packet-based routing opposed tor's circuit-based routing. this provides the benefit permitting dynamically route around congestion and service interruptions manner like the internet's routing. this provides higher level reliability and redundancy the network itself. the first time client wants contact another client, they make query against the fully distributed "network database" custom structured distributed hash table (dht) based off the kademlia algorithm. this done find the other client's inbound tunnels efficiently, but subsequent data between them usually includes that information further network database lookups are required. electrum official verge blackpaper electrum's strength speed and simplicity, with low resource usage. uses secure remote servers that handle the most complicated parts the verge network and allows users recover their wallets with secret seed phrase. additionally, electrum offers simple and easy use cold storage solution. this allows users store all, part their coins, offline manner. moreover, electrum one the only wallets provide native tor and support. integrating electrum with tor and ip, one can achieve anonymity while using the desktop/mobile wallet. both address and transaction information secured and does not leak the connecting servers; increasing user privacy. electrum enables multi-signature support, which requires more than one key authorize electrum transaction. standard transactions the verge network could called single-signature transactions, because transfers require only one signature from the owner the private key associated with the verge address. electrum transaction, with multi-signature support, requires the signatures multiple people before the coins can transferred. verge then requires multiple different party addresses provided anything with them. one electrum wallet your primary computer, the other your smart phone the coins cannot spent without signature from both devices. thus, attacker must gain access both devices steal your coins. official verge blackpaper tor android the verge tor wallet was designed bring obfuscation services your personal mobile devices when transacting with verge. this wallet, default, does not have the ability connect broadcast user information over clearnet which helps ensure that user data unintentionally leaked. all transactions are completed over tor via simple payment verification (spv). spv technique described satoshi nakamoto's paper that allows for the wallet verify transactions through proof inclusion; method for verifying transaction included block without downloading the entire block (similar how electrum wallet functions). spv allows for nearly instant payment confirmations because acts thin client that only needs download the block headers, which are drastically smaller than full blocks. the verge tor wallet also houses standard security features such -digit pin code and biometric locking options for added layer physical security. additionally, the verge tor wallet can handle code scan transactions with instant verification. clients can also import codes from paper wallets pull balances from cold storage required. official verge blackpaper encrypted messaging encrypted messaging (peer-to-peer) instant messaging system utilizing state-of-the-art encryption technology keep your communications private. all messages are encrypted the proven aes--cbc algorithm, and distributed between nodes such way prevent the recipients messages from being inferred assailants utilizing sophisticated traffic analysis. encrypted messaging utilizes the elliptic curve digital signature algorithm, which variant the digital signature algorithm used elliptic curve cryptography. ecdsa used give you the confidence knowing messages you receive come from the original recipient and remain untouched propagation. with stealth address transactions, the elliptic curve diffie-hellman key exchange method allows secret key for encryption shared between the sender and the recipient using the data embedded the message along with the private keys verge dual-key stealth addresses held the sender and recipient, thus allowing for the distribution messages whom nobody knows the recipient of. order send encrypted message, much like sending verge, you must possess the public key the intended recipient. verge uses curve secpk[] for all elliptic curve functions. this the same curve used bitcoin along with most altcoins. with such widespread use and underpinning systems immense value, extremely unlikely that curve secpk not secure. messages are signed the keys they were sent with. this allows you confident the origin the messages you receive and allows the public key the sender extracted from the message, providing you all the information needed send reply. additionally, our implementation encrypted messaging takes full advantage both and xxhash algorithms. lossless data compression algorithm that focused compression and decompression speed while simultaneously utilizing very little compute resource. the primary compression algorithm used many modern-day applications such zfs linux, freebsd, illumos, and many others which can found here. xxhash extremely fast noncryptographic hashing algorithm with working speeds close ram limitations. combining xxhash with compression enables the verge network very quickly send and receive messages over the blockchain with very limited impact compute network resources. official verge blackpaper message propagation encrypted messages are duplicated every participating node the verge network this prevents adversaries form uncovering the recipient encrypted message using network traffic analysis. the messages are stored each node for maximum period hours, after which the message deleted. the recipient absent from the network for hours more the possibility exists that they may not receive messages sent them. recommended connect the network each day order prevent such occurrence. stored messages are grouped time divisions hour. the system operates the grouped buckets messages save bandwidth. official verge blackpaper dual-key stealth addressing stealth addressing allows senders create unlimited number onetime destinations addresses behalf the recipient without any interaction between the parties. stealth addresses are method which additional obfuscation can implemented further protect the receiving party when transacting with verge. when multiple users send funds stealth address, rather than these transactions appearing the blockchain multiple payments the same address, they instead appear multiple payments going different addresses. this (in theory) makes near-impossible link transactions the recipient's published address one-time generated addresses. this achieved through system cryptography known elliptic curve, more specifically this case elliptic curve diffie-hellman (ecdh for short). ecdh works allowing any two individuals who know each other's public keys able calculate shared secret that nobody else can either duplicate link either party's public keys. due the unique cryptographic properties the ecdh algorithm, the shared key cannot reverse engineered arrive either the sender receiver addresses. understand how stealth address functions let's look some the key fundamental components that are involved the process. official verge blackpaper dual-key stealth address protocol this protocol was designed eliminate the continuous usage the private spending key. this design flaws the original stealth addressing protocol significantly increased the risk said key being compromised. order eliminate private spending key over use, dual-key stealth address protocol (dksap) was introduced. this protocol introduces two pairs cryptographic keys, scan and spend key and computes one-time payment address per transaction. order better understand how this works let's review how this style transaction takes place: marvin (the receiver) has two private/public key pairs (s, and (b, b), where s*g and b*g are 'scan public key' and 'spend public key', respectively. here the base point elliptic curve group. swen (the sender) generates ephemeral key pair (r, r), where r*g and transmits with the transaction. both swen and marvin can compute shared secret using the ecdh: h(r*s*g) h(r*s) h(s*r), where h(*) cryptographic hash function. swen uses c*g the ephemeral destination address for sending the payment. marvin actively monitors the blockchain and checks whether some transaction has been sent the purported destination address c*g depending whether the wallet encrypted, the receiver can compute the same destination address two different ways, i.e., c*g b)*g. there match, the payment can spent using the corresponding private key note that the ephemeral private key can only computed marvin. dksap, auditor proxy server exists the system, the receiver can share the 'scan private key' and the 'spend public key' with the auditor/proxy server that those entities can scan the blockchain transaction behalf the receiver. however, they are not able the compute the ephemeral private key and spend the payment. official verge blackpaper key agreements key agreement scheme procedure which two more parties agree upon value from which they can subsequently derive one more keys for use symmetric encryption. neither party completely determines the key value their own. instead, they both contribute the final key value and most important, anyone who observes the exchanges between the two parties cannot tell what the result will be. important note that their basic form, key-agreement schemes are anonymous, they not tell either party the identity the other party. the diffie-hellman algorithm the original diffie-hellman key agreement scheme based multiplication integers modulo large prime number, specifically numbers greater than one and less than where large prime. ecdh analogous scheme based addition points elliptic curve. both schemes, the basic operations are combined create primitive function known keyed one-way function. keyed one-way function function that takes two inputs, one which private (e.g., the key), and produces one output. given the two inputs, must straightforward calculate the output but, must computationally infeasible calculate the key, using only the other input and the output. this way each party can use their private key without revealing anyone else, either the other party eavesdropper (manin-the-middle). official verge blackpaper elliptic-curve diffie-hellman (ecdh) ecdh variant the diffie-hellman algorithm for elliptic curves. key-agreement protocol which means that ecdh defines how keys should generated and exchanged between parties. how encrypt data using these keys us. edch implemented solve the following problem: two parties (marvin and swen) want exchange information securely such that third party (man-in-the-middle) may intercept them but may not decode them. here's how works: first, marvin and swen generate their own private and public keys. have the private key and the public key ha=dag for marvin, and the keys and hb=dbg for swen. note that marvin and swen are using the same base point gon the same elliptic curve the same finite field. marvin and swen exchange their public keys and over insecure channel. the man the middle would intercept and hb, but won't able find out neither nor without solving the discrete logarithm problem. marvin calculates s=dahb (using his own private key and swen's public key), and swen calculates s=dbha (using his own private key and marvin's public key). note that the same for both marvin and swen, fact: dahb da(dbg) db(dag) dbha the man the middle, however, only knows and (together with the other domain parameters) and would not able find out the shared secret before the transaction can begin, both marvin and swen must agree transactional parameters, and (see figure each party then generates random integer use its private key. for marvin this and for swen this each then multiplies the base-point, their private key form new point that represents their public key. terms elliptic curve remember that each point comprises coordinate and coordinate. marvin and swen then exchange their public keys and multiply the other's public key their own private key. this produces new point which the same for each party. remains only convert this point bit string suitable for use key. note: eavesdropper may able observe the agreed parameters and may see the exchange public keys, but will not able determine what either private key is, nor the key that the two parties have agreed upon. official verge blackpaper verge currency stealth address -character string that consists public view key and public send key. when marvin sent verge swen, marvin will use swen's public view key and public spend key well some random data generate unique one-time public key (stealth address) for swen's new output. everyone can see the one-time public key the blockchain but only marvin and swen know that marvin sent verge swen. the output created such way that swen can locate the output destined for him scanning the blockchain with his wallet's private view key. once detected and retrieved swen's wallet would able calculate one-time private key that corresponds with the one-time public key and spend the relevant output with his wallets private spend key. this whole process occurs without ever having swen's wallet address publicly linked any transaction. official verge blackpaper key take-aways publicly unlinkable the original public address; publicly unlinkable any other one-time address; only the recipient can link all their payments together only the recipient can derive the secret key associated with the one-time address stealth addresses enhance user privacy every transaction allowing the user generate one-time public key which automatically generates and records who can spend output later transaction. stealth addresses prevent outputs from being associated with wallet addresses effectively allowing users transact outside the publicly viewable blockchain. outside observer has way tell funds have been moved from one user another nor they can link wallet addresses together simply looking transaction the blockchain. when marvin sends verge swen, the output swen receives will not associated with his public wallet address. stealth addressing has built methods ensuring funds have been sent allowing the sender, this case, marvin, able verify that payment was sent checking the transactional confirmation within his wallet. swen can rest assured that one else can see when any verge was sent him long appropriate precautions were taken when transacting with multiple parties. official verge blackpaper atomic swaps atomic swaps aka atomic cross-chain trading, are cryptographically powered smart contracts that allow for interoperability between verge and other crypto(s) peer-to-peer (on-chain) basis without the need trusted third party. atomic swap works the same way users would send funds one another allowing users cross-trade different cryptocurrencies without relying centralized parties. their core, atomic swaps rely check lock time verify (cltv) otherwise known hash time-locked contract. (htlc). what hash time-locked contract (htlc)? hash time-locked contract type payment which two people agree financial arrangement where one party will pay the other party pre-determined amount crypto. these contracts are "time-locked" which basically means that the receiving party has certain amount time accept the payment, otherwise, the money returned the sender. these styles payments can help eliminate the need for third party contracts via contracts that are established between two parties. third parties that are often involved contracts are lawyers, banks, etc. lawyers are often required draw contracts, and banks are often required help store money that then transferred the receiving party stated the contract. with htlc's, two parties can setup contracts and transfer money without the need for third party involvement. how hash time-locked contracts work? the best way describe this the following example: marvin wants pay swen for 'x' via htlc. marvin sets specific hash which represents the amount money that will paid and allotted time window which swen will able receive his funds. order for swen receive the payment will have create cryptographic proof payment, within the pre-defined time limit. swen meets the deadline and procures the necessary proof required release the funds, swen paid. however, swen fails meet the deadline the money returned marvin. official verge blackpaper what are the benefits htlc's? previously mentioned, htlc's eliminate the need for third party involvement when implementing contract between two parties which in-turn also eliminates the need for third party trust. since these contracts are time sensitive, prevents the person who making the payment from having wait indefinitely find out whether not his her payment goes through. also, prevents money being wasted since cryptographic acknowledgment not obtained, funds are simply returned back the sender. because cryptographic proof payment required, the recipient automatically helps validate the payment the blockchain. since hash time-locked contracts are based hashes, they are easily added blockchains. each party protected from counter-party risk due the structure these contracts. the parties involved sending and receiving the payments not have trust each other even know each other make sure that the contract will executed correctly. what are the benefits atomic swaps? the primary benefit for users the ability exchange/trade crypto(s) between involved parties trustless manner without depending third party escrow service thereby reducing default risk zero. additionally, atomic swaps make the entire cryptocurrency ecosystem currency agnostic, effectively simplifying the process switching between different crypto depending said crypto(s) use case. for instance, you wanted switch from digibyte (dgb) verge (xvg) (or vice-versa) utilize the available features our network (or another crypto(s) network) the process would instant and painless. what are the limitations on-chain atomic swaps? with every implementation, there are certain limitations that come into play, for atomic swaps those limitations are follows: both currencies that are being exchanged must have the same hash algorithm. since verge supports multiple algorithms, are less limited than other currencies this regard. both currencies should support htlc. individuals need certain level programming capability able use atomic swaps. cross-chain atomic swaps are not possible for fiat currencies furthermore, this implementation not only allows for cross-chain transactions, but also paves the way for future implementations such the lightning network**. **it important note that while not have plans implement lightning network (ln) onto the verge blockchain, understanding the concept helps spread educational insights interested parties. such, the below segment about strictly for educational content only. what the lightning network? official verge blackpaper the lightning network can briefly described as: network user-generated channels that send payments back and forth. secured smart contract functionality. privatized trust-less fashion (trust-less means you don't need trust even know your counter-party). rather than transacting trusted fashion you would normally standard transaction, the lightning network transactions are completely trust-less. what this means that since these styles transactions operate top multi-signature-based platform, participants remain anonymous and transactions are ensured secure due smart contract capabilities. official verge blackpaper rootstock (rsk) understand the foundation rootstock must first understand what smart contract is. smart contract software application that operates top blockchain that contains set mailable rules for which the participating parties the smart contract agree interact with each other. smart contracts facilitate, verify, and enforce the pre-defined rules execute decentralized and autonomous transactions. these contracts allow for more complex transactions take place rather than simply exchanging digital tokens for product service. this means that the "buyer" and "seller" are both held accountable for the terms outlined the smart contract and must uphold their respective ends the deal successfully transact between themselves. the predefined transactional ruleset formalized digital form which then enforced and automatically executed computer network computers soon the parties have come agreement and met the conditions the agreement which effectively removes third-party trust entirely. short: smart contracts are self-verifying, self-executing, and tamper resistant and can turn legal obligations into automated processes while simultaneously reducing transactional cost and greatly increasing transactional security. official verge blackpaper the above-mentioned smart contract functionality currently present and functional the ethereum blockchain network and does not allow for interoperability the bitcoin bitcoin based networks. that being said let's look rootstock smart contracts and their benefits the verge (bitcoin based) network. rootstock (rsk), two-way pegged sidechain that enables ethereum style turing-complete virtual machine infrastructure (i.e. smart contract functionality) onto bitcoin based blockchains. sidechain independent blockchain that attached the main chain using two-way peg. the two-way peg allows for interchangeability assets, this case "smartverge" (sxvg) and verge (xvg), predetermined rate between the main blockchain and the sidechain. with the addition the rsk sidechain also comes the implementation merged mining support it. merged mining allows miner mine for more than one blockchain the same time effectively utilizing the hashing calculations they already contribute fuel both chains. the rsk sidechain can merged-mined with verge, meaning that machines mining verge don't have use any additional power resources participate securing and maintaining the rsk network. miners are rewarded with transaction fees from the rsk network top the verge that they already mine long they are participating merged-mining. merged-mining inherits the same security features verge terms double-spend prevention and settlement finality. official verge blackpaper for user obtain sxvg they must first send their xvg coins output address where the coins become locked such that the user unable spend them elsewhere. once the transaction has completed and confirmation has been obtained, the sidechain releases the equivalent number sxvg coins the user, allowing them access and spend them the sidechain. important note that during the interchange process, new coins are minted, sxvg will always equal xvg and vise-versa. another added benefit rsk its ability scale. rsk currently achieves payment transactions per second, which huge progressive leap when compared our current standing transaction rate; around per second. the rsk development team has stated that the eventual goal push the bar even higher with future goals support transactions per second using second layer technology called lumino. stated the lctp whitepaper, the lumino network off-chain payment system that relies protocol known the lumino transaction compression protocol. the ltcp can compared the lightning network, scaling solution originally designed for bitcoin that currently being tested litecoin. rsk functionality going enable developers outside the verge core development team build exciting platforms and services top our network. some examples those platforms could be: dapps (decentralized applications) retail payment systems escrow services asset securitization decentralized remittances micro-lending platforms voting systems additional use cases and information can found rsk's whitepaper. disclaimer: "smart contract" commonly defined such legislation event-driven program computerized transaction protocol that runs distributed, decentralized, shared and replicated ledger that executes contract any provision(s) contract taking custody over and instructing transfer assets the ledger. such, verge, the developers core team members verge cannot nor have the ability modify regain custody funds that are placed into smart contract. official verge blackpaper ring confidential transactions important note: ring confidential transactions are still under development, the information contained this segment for the purpose education. this document will edited later include more information required regarding ring confidential transactions. before can begin dissect and understand the complex nature ring confidential transactions must first understand the fundamentals behind what transaction and the differences between each mechanical component. the root each verge transaction based sequence immutable python objects, list format, which cannot changed; otherwise known nth-tuple. this case the basic nth-tuple transaction follows: ({ai}, {bi}, {vi}) where {ai} are the input addresses, {bi} are the output addresses, and {vi} are the amounts that each output. every basic transaction made the verge blockchain comes across unencrypted data for the entire world see our public ledger. while this good for merchant service platform integration, not ideal for people concerned about their privacy these transactions are easy trace regardless how many times the coins change owners. the primary goal for confidential transactions ensure that only the participants transaction are privy the values being sent back and forth while simultaneously hiding the values from the sight the rest the world. the same time, however, want non-participants able tell when transaction bogus. there are several core cryptographic concepts that need covered better able understand how anonymity maintained via confidential transaction while simultaneously being able verify that the sum outputs doesn't exceed the sum the account contents the input addresses. official verge blackpaper ring signatures preface this segment, ring signatures are comprised series complex mathematical equations and can easily described dry and hard comprehend topic. for the sake keeping the pace this paper par, you are interested seeing the mathematical equations that are associated with ring signatures well further deep dive into those materials, will listing those materials the references segment this paper [see references otherwise the following going brief and the point introduction ring signatures and their benefit verge currency. cryptography, ring signature group based digital signature, like threshold signatures. ring signatures can performed any member group users that each have keys. therefore, message signed with ring signature endorsed someone group people. standard cryptographic signature proves the authenticity and integrity transaction from single signer, think this the same way you might sign check, identifying that you approve expenditure. for group signatures, instead showing that transaction approved single signer, ring signatures allow anyone fixed group sign transaction. worth noting that while only takes one person out fixed group participants sign transaction, this scheme does not expose which member the group signed. the exact number participants ring signature group determined the ring size. ring size effectively determines the anonymity set for signature. the larger the ring size (number participants) the harder for someone deanonymize the transaction. give example ring signatures and ring size: marvin wants send transaction swen with ring signature size this means that there total participants that group, which marvin and swen make half the possible participants. while this transaction fact anonymized, the small number participants weakens the anonymity guarantees the network. conversely, marvin wants send another transaction swen but instead having ring size the ring size now this would indicate that there are other group members there vastly increasing the anonymity guarantee associated with initializing ring signature-based transaction. summarize, ring signatures obscure the linkage between sender and recipient but not obscure the amount sent during the transactions. even though values are not obscured there way outside observer can differentiate which the members signature group the original signer transaction, therefore one the primary security properties ring signature that should computationally infeasible determine which the group members' keys was used produce signature. pendersen commitment one the basic tools that confidential transactions based upon something called pedersen commitment which cryptographic algorithm that allows prover commit certain value without revealing being able change it. explained gregory maxwell [], pedersen commitments are commitment scheme that allows you keep piece data secret (value the transaction) but commit that you cannot change later. official verge blackpaper for example: marvin has output value xvg and wants send swen, since outputs can't spent twice marvin needs spend the output its entirety and return the 'change' himself. marvin's transaction has one input xvg and two outputs, xvg for the actual transaction designated for swen and xvg returned marvin 'change' from the transaction. prove that the verge has not been fraudulently fabricated the transaction, the sum transaction's inputs must equal the sum the transaction's outputs. pedersen commitments enable you send verge without publicly disclosing the amount sent sending specific data segment the network which makes possible for miners verify that transaction. worth noting that the information segment that broadcast across the network long chain random numbers with significant data points that would lead outsider able determine the value how much verge was sent during the transaction. range proofs before can understand what range proof is, lets briefly review the concept zero-knowledge proof. zero-knowledge proof (zkp) method which person can prove person that they know value without revealing stating any information except for the fact that they know the value simplify, range proof zero-knowledge proof that serves form commitment validation that allows anyone verify that commitment represents amount within specified range, without revealing anything else about its value (known secret value). for example, when marvin sends swen amount verge ranging between simple range proof can used validate the amount sent without revealing the actual amount publicly. this concept has important ramifications for the validation confidential transactions used verify that payment amount positive without revealing the amount transferred transaction. furthermore, transaction output-based system, proves that the committed inputs are greater than the sum the committed outputs without revealing either the committed inputs outputs. it's important note that all modern implementations confidential transactions use range proofs over committed values, where the proof size linear additionally, note that this technology not specific verge. conclusion verge was created bring tailored transactional applications and inherent privacy implementations strengthen user obfuscation while maintaining nakamoto's vision decentralized electronic payment system based cryptographic proof instead third-party trust. official verge blackpaper whether simple, stealth, anon, all transactions are cryptographically secured and proven our publicly facing blockchain. verge completely user-controlled and decentralized which insures that point time your transactional meta-data going shared sold independent party corporations. when you make purchase with verge, your personal privacy kept safe. one the key points behind satoshi nakamoto's original vision was provide solution that defied the standard convention: cryptographically secure digital currency that can trusted because trustless, pure version ecurrency that allows online payments sent directly from one party another without going through financial institution. through unfortunate series events well progressive financial institution adoption, the core values bitcoin are slowly dissipating the currency becomes more centralized and controlled. one the primary factors that influence the centralization bitcoin its limited circulating supply. bitcoin has predefined cap coins that will ever been circulation with today's circulating supply being around .mm coins. limited supply well progressively increasing demand from mainstream channels such financial institutions like jpmorgan and various other forms large-scale investors ultimately contribute the centralization something that was meant decentralized. verge solves this issue having overall supply cap coins. our large seldom realize the value something until has been lost. want our lives our own and determine for ourselves what want with them, the desire pursue personal interest without compromise. what most people don't realize that the pursuit these external interests opens vulnerabilities the public space. -cr endgame circulating supply and widespread distribution will keep verge decentralized. the overall value verge increases over time there will further distribution wealth amongst token holders further increasing the overall level decentralization; nakamoto's original vision. official verge blackpaper references bitcoin open source money [online] available at: https://bitcoin.org/ nakamoto, (). bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. [online] available at: https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf adam bender, jonathan katz, ruggero morselli, (). ring signatures: stronger definitions, and constructions without random oracles. [online] available at: https://eprint.iacr.org//.pdf gregory maxwell, andrew poelstra. (). borromean ring signatures. [online] available at: https://github.com/blockstream/borromean_paper/blob/master/borromean_draft_._adee.pdf gregory maxwell. (). confidential transaction, the initial investigation. [online] available at: https://elementsproject.org/elements/confidential-transactions/investigation.html anonymity and the block chain ihb news(tm). november [online] available at: https://ihb.io/-/news/anonymity-block-chain- distributed hash table. (n.d.). [online] available at: http://infoanarchy.org/distributed_hash_table durumeric, z., wustrow, e., halderman, (). zmap: fast internet-wide scanning and its security applications[online] available at: https://zmap.io/paper.pdf gribble, s., brewer, e., hellerstein, j., culler, october scalable, distributed data structures for internet service construction. [online] available at: https://www.usenix.org/legacy/events/osdi/full_papers/gribble/gribble_html/index.html holden, july introduction tor ip. [online] available at: https://www.ivpn.net/privacy-guides/anintroduction-to-tor-vs-ip ip: scalable framework for anonymous communication ip. (n.d.). [online] available at: [online] available at: https://getip.net/en/docs/how/tech-intro lerner, rsk white paper overview [online] available at: https://docs.rsk.co/rsk_white_paper-overview.pdf masayuki abe, miyako ohkubo, koutarou suzuki. -out-of-n signatures from variety keys. [online] available at: https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id= michael rosenberg, (). confidential transactions from basic principles. [online] available at: https://cryptoservices.github.io/cryptography////sigs.html official verge blackpaper multisignature bitcoin wiki. (n.d.). [online] available at: https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/multisignature scharr, october what tor how does tor work how use tor. [online] available at: https://www.tomsguide.com/us/what-is-tor-faq,news-.html shoup, (). practical threshold signatures. [online] available at: https://www.iacr.org/archive/eurocrypt//-new.pdf sompolinsky, y., zohar, secure high-rate transaction processing bitcoin. [online] available at: https://eprint.iacr.org//.pdf spv, simplified payment verification bitcoin glossary. [online] available at: https://bitcoin.org/en/glossary/simplified-paymentverification voegtlin, (). simple payment verification electrum documentation. retrieved from http://docs.electrum.org/en/latest/spv.html voegtlin, (n.d.). welcome the electrum documentation! electrum documentation. retrieved august from http://docs.electrum.org/en/latest/ bitcoin.org. some things you need know bitcoin. [online] available at: https://bitcoin.org/en/you-need-to-know elementsproject.org. confidential transactions. [online] available at: https://elementsproject.org/features/confidentialtransactions khatwani, (). what atomic swap and why matters? [must know]. [online] coinsutra bitcoin community. available at: https://coinsutra.com/atomic-swap/ blockonomi. what are atomic swaps? our guide revolution decentralization. [online] available at: https://blockonomi.com/atomic-swaps/ van der hoeff, (). atomic swaps simply explained: how swap cryptocurrencies without middleman. [online] hacker noon. available at: https://hackernoon.com/atomic-swaps-simply-explained-how-to-swap-cryptocurrencies-without-a-middlemancdce secpk -[online] available at: https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/secpk curran, "what are bullet proofs? guide confidential cryptocurrency transactions." blockonomi, june https://blockonomi.com/bullet-proofs/#range_proofs official verge blackpaper chaabouni, r., lipmaa, h., shelat, a.: additive combinatorics and discrete logarithm based range protocols. in: steinfeld, r., hawkes, (eds.) acisp lncs, vol. pp. springer, heidelberg (). [online] available at: https://doi.org/./----_ bender, a., katz, j., morselli, r.: ring signatures: stronger definitions, and constructions without random oracles. cryptology eprint archive, report (). [online] available at: http://eprint.iacr.org// boudot, f.: efficient proofs that committed number lies interval. in: preneel, (ed.) eurocrypt lncs, vol. pp. springer, heidelberg (). [online] available at: https://doi.org/./---_ personal note dear reader, wanted take moment say thank you for reading this document. important note that this document ever-changing and evolving based the specifications our project. with that mind this document serve educational materials hopes help everyone understand little bit more about how verge crypto functions. genuinely hope this has helped you learn something new and appreciate you taking the time out your life read something take great pride working on. really hope you've all enjoyed reading the revisions that have come out thus far, look forward bringing you more content the future. thanks for reading, c.r official verge blackpaper