post white paper authors: douglas pike, patrick nosker, david boehm, daniel grisham, steve woods, and joshua marston time-accepted periodic proof factor nonlinear distributed consensus abstract purely distributed consensus efficient digital currency would enable nearly instant and nearly free transaction system across the globe; independent border, nation, government bank. herein propose time-accepted nonlinear consensus that maintains the efficiencies proof-of-stake, while increasing the distribution and security the consensus system with diminishing probability find proof and receive reward over time. this achieved via periodic time-acceptance function that proportional the coins held and relative network strength. this time-acceptance model ensures that relatively active staking maximizes reward and probability form consensus via proof. this incentivizes direct and active protection the network. furthermore, voluntary participation the network driven inflation targeted interest rate that inversely proportional network strength. this increasingly rewards nodes which consistently reinforce network security. this addition time-diminishing inflation rate that proportional network strength and active participation reaching consensus, and relative the proof-of-work distributed initial supply. combination costs and rewards favors direct participation the protection the consensus, providing enhanced security, equability, and distribution both consensus and currency over time. introduction centralized distributed systems network systems, there exists spectrum hierarchical control from centralized distributed. the current standard for most networks including banking systems, governments, and businesses centralized. these network structures are simple, high capacity, and centrally controlled. they inherently give full control minority administrators, service the majority users system. this beneficial that minimizes data sharing costs and control conflicts. centralized systems are also intuitive nature, due strict hierarchical social systems having been the most efficient option available for development societies since the dawn civilization. centralized power institutions have served empires, governments, and economies relatively well information need only pass through the few. technology progresses however, there not only the ability form efficient distributed systems over global network, there growing necessity[]. evidenced the recent breach major banking institutions resulting millions identities and accounts stolen, centralized systems are vulnerable attack. this vulnerability structural that one compromised target can grant access majority control and ownership the target data. this can make the upfront cost and time required mount successful security attack justifiable. conversely, distributed systems often require numerous simultaneous attacks, each with diminished return proportional distribution. result, attacks distributed systems can very costly, challenging, and ultimately unprofitable. this stark contrast centralized systems, which are perpetual cat-and-mouse game. much the overhead cost centralized system devoted maintaining competitive security edge, rather than developing improvements the system itself. distributed systems comparison become more secure network grows, allowing resources directed the consumer development and innovation. the ultimate challenge distributed system reap the benefits this robust architecture, without sacrificing efficiency. for the data and control truly distributed, information must pass through each node the system equally, and the network must reach consensus the accuracy this data. proof-of-work cost incentive centralize bitcoin the first publicly successful distributed consensus system where consensus certifies store value[]. value ideal proof-of-principle vehicle, proving that distributed systems can used form public consensus, secured via proofs. due the structural security strength distributed systems relative fully centralized systems, bitcoin's consensus ledger transactions both valuable and resistant attack. bitcoin, proof-of-work secures the ledger with floating difficulty which determines the cost each vote the consensus proportional computational power. this system has proven its security [], but does come with significant overhead. the high costs forming consensus; termed mining, has incentivized centralization resources that minimizes costs and risks for miners. miners not necessarily have stake the currency itself after sale recoup costs. also, unlike the precious metal miner, they have keys the security and consensus the system. minimizing these risks and costs has resulted three five large centralized pools computational power contributing the vast majority consensus. this results total operating cost the millions dollars per day, for what often three five consensus. though this distributed consensus achievement remarkable it's own right, and proof-of-work has many advantages unique the system. still, this centralization phenomena potentially slippery slope that has two significant security vulnerabilities. the first these vulnerabilities is, distribution the system reduced order offset cost and risk for those who form the consensus, the number compromised targets needed manipulate consensus becomes increasingly tractable and less costly. the second these vulnerabilities is, the number entities required for consensus decreases, risk collusion increases exponentially. though there may other ways address centralization the consensus, efficiency may fact the most direct and this why have developed vericoin and this new proof system. propose distributed protocol system based peercoin's proof-of-stake [], that addresses the two major security deficiencies proof-of-work which stem from the exceptional cost run the system. this achieved while also directly addressing the most significant weakness the current pos protocols via nonlinear time-accepted consensus proof and inflation-targeted variable interest reward system. proof-of-stake: solution with drawbacks proof-of-stake the best our knowledge, the idea behind proof-of-stake originated comments about bitcoin nick szabo may discussing viable alternative proof systems []. months later the term proof-of-stake and other aspects related this potential proof system were described the bitcointalk forum user quantummechanic []. then, later that year november sunny king made the first commits github and the development and implementation this new proof system had begun. one the primary benefits the proof-of-stake system its efficiency. proof-of-work inherently inefficient, brute-force proof which only greater performance increases the probability finding the correct hash and creating block. this has resulted computational power horse race where cost and risks drive the system toward efficiency, and some cases, further away from distribution the consensus. propose that lower cost perform the proof, more effectively enables long term distribution the consensus, while the consensus more favorably formed those with vested interest the security the system. however, proof-of-stake it's current form does have significant drawbacks that mitigate the effectiveness this distributed consensus system. the rich can rule the poor can attac proof-of-work the cost and difficulty forming the consensus secures the history the ledger attacker would have out-compete more than half the network power any given time. this costly endeavor and will likely become more costly over time the system grows. this one the greatest strengths the proof-of-work system, and large part why stands the test time. current proof-of-stake systems the consensus weighted coins, not computational resources. this way, inexpensive botnet cannot dominate the consensus mere size. each node must have fraction the supply that makes the probability solve the proof possible. this the cost that protects the consensus from trivial attacks and manipulation. another benefit this weighting the consensus those with vested interest the viability and security the system are more directly forming the consensus. this coin weighting scheme does, however, enable collusion, where minority holders are approving the majority blocks, and the majority blocks are formed this same minority. this scenario, distribution the consensus lost and those with few coins are merely owning share semi-centralized, collusion-risk pool. neither the rich ruling nor the poor attacking acceptable outcome for distributed consensus proof. peercoin, the first proof-of-stake coin, offset both these risks implementing hybrid proof-of-work and proof-of-stake system where the stake defined coin-age []. coin-age versus coin stake quantity coin-age peercoin defined the product the total coins from transaction and the time difference between the current block and the block its previous transaction. generates proof for peercoin the following form: proof proof hash .), figure the contribution coinage approaches majority the network weight, greater fraction age deemed idle-time and not accepted the network. the resulting effect this function that requires network activity level that proportional the number coins held, and relative the network strength. this method, actively staking incentivized maximize both the likelihood sign block, and earn all the matured interest reward. the stake-time function used both the proof and the quantification reward. define stake-time "the coin-age transaction set transactions which the stake-time the product the total coins (c) and the fraction (f) acceptable age(a)" the form: eq. stake-time (s) (af like coin-age, the network accepted stake-time trust score for coins and depth the main chain, but also for activity the network. unlike proof-of-work proof-of-stake, the likelihood participate consensus can decrease over time. the combination these two factors must delicate balance with the network, order maximize the probability stake coins. this proof the form: proof proof hash coins staketime target distribution consensus majority maintaining minimal idle-time inherently increases the probability stake while reducing the probability successful attack. this results moving window that exponentially more difficult target for attack, enhancing security the system from the core structure nonlinear consensus. the trust score diminishes with increased idle-time towards minimum trust score which equal the number coins. while the network approaches equilibrium with the post protocol, age will accumulate and plateau across the network. after achieving equilibrium accumulated age, network race results stake many coin lots possible before lot leaves the stake-time window [figure addition, all participants the consensus must have reached least marginal depth the main chain and actively processing transactions achieve maximal consensus weight. this staking behavior directly protects the blockchain. ultimately, maximum network strength directed away from consensus majority. this results in, average, more evenly distributed and more secure staking system, which exponentially more difficult attack. figure actively staking most profitable order maximize the probability earning all matured interest and signing block during period time, node must stake actively ensure passage through the stake-time window for all coins held. when network strength lower, the fraction age deemed idle-time increases. this results inactive stakers being penalized, with some loss matured interest, and decreased probability stake. decreasing the likelihood stake, the inactive staker susceptible accumulating age faster rate than those actively staking. regain optimal probability earning all matured interest, this staker must resume active staking make lost time. conversely, individuals who are staking with little idle-time earn their full matured interest reward even weaker network state, when acceptable age low and interest rate high due the post targeted inflation rate [figure workaround, accumulated idle-time could reset sending coins another wallet, but this comes cost: fees are paid those who are actively staking, and all matured interest due lost. summation, the behavior that far the most profitable stake actively possible. this further incentivizes stable, well-supported network. the active rich and the vested poor this protocol addresses other major drawbacks the pos system, one being the "rich rule" problem. post, the richest holders must actively stake more often, since the protocol requires activity per coin receive proportional reward. this has two impacts once the age the network has achieved equilibrium. the first these impacts, that those with fewer coins have the ability contribute more consensus over time, depth the main chain increases, further distributing the consensus. the second impact, that larger holders will have more significant vote the consensus proportional their coin amount, but must also earn their ability maintain optimal trust score. this means that the fewer coins held, the greater the age required successfully stake, and the less idle-time registered. result, each coin lot will met with relative definition idle-time. the consensus field significantly more distributed across wider range coin totals, while the blockchain still protected the cost coin. low coin wallet earns maximal trust score, the quantification idle-time exponentially steeper. due the stake-time product, any loss age more significant fewer coins are held, preventing inexpensive votes. time stake another significant advantage this system its ability address the nothing-at-stake incentive challenge pos []. proof-of-stake, chain-splitting can common due lack work required become the longest chain. post, however, wallet approaches majority network weight, its individual weight diminishes proportionally age. stake weight the event fork contributed the weight that particular fork, wallet has the majority coin necessary fork the main chain, impossible for not have majority the weight for that fork. post, the result stake weight that will rapidly diminish, slowing fork considerably relative that the main chain. ultimately, this mechanism can prevent competing chain with less distributed consensus from surpassing the more distributed main chain and thus remove any realistic incentive for attempting stake multiple chains. this all practicality eliminates the risk the 'nothing-at-stake' fork attack vector. inversely paired interest model post, nearly impossible effectively manipulate the interest rate, despite the fact that this variable interest rate falls within wide range. network weight increases, the degree idle-time quantified average less, resulting more matured interest earned over longer periods time. due new inflation-targeted variable interest rate, however, the interest these periods will significantly lower. conversely, network strength low the interest rate will rise and quantified idle-time will greater. any node attempts subvert this system staking during high interest rates, waiting for network idle-time diminish, they will either experience reduced interest rate, loss matured interest entirely. this results network where only those who have earned minimal idle-time actively staking will reap full benefit their staking across the spectrum interest and accepted maturity. inflation targeted interest for incentive-driven security figure network stake-dependent interest rate vericoin initially launched with network-stake-dependent-interest (nsdi) order provide variable network interest rate, ranging between approximately and contingent the network stake weight according the formula: eq. interest reward (r) where-in interest reward (r) the product coin-age (g), interest rate (i), and approximation the number days year. interest rate then calculated the form: eq. interest rate (i) (log(n/))/ where-in interest rate (i) logarithmically proportional network stake weight (n). each vericoin holder were actively stake, inflation rate approximately would realized. since not all holders actively stake their coin, vericoin achieved true inflation rate its first year. the expected incentive network-stake-dependent-interest has been insufficient both enable exceptionally stable network while achieving the goal inflation rate the original model can however still realized targeting for network-stake-dependent-inflation rate, inherently the protocol. inflation-targeted interest rate addressing the need for both enhanced incentive, well consistent inflation. vericoin development has implemented inflation-targeted variable interest rate. specifically targeting network-stake-dependent-inflation rate rather than interest rate, the network maintains inflation rate that falls within the original goal range .-.%. this inflation rate rises market supply diminishes. addition, allowing those who actively stake receive the entire inflation amount via interest, the protocol greatly increases incentive for staking without excess inflation. the new interest determination function follows: eq. interest reward (r) where-in interest reward (r) the product stake-time (s), interest rate (i), and approximation the number days year. the interest rate then calculated the form: eq. interest rate (i) where-in interest rate (i) the product inflation rate (t) and the total proof-of-work initial vericoin supply, divided average network weight (n). inflation rate (t) takes the same form the interest rate the previous reward system follows: eq. inflation rate (t) (log(n/))/ this allows for rapidly increasing stake interest rates while network strength low, creating powerful incentive stabilize the network when staking needed most. addition, individual who actively stakes receives significantly larger interest payments over the lifespan node compared the current model. lastly, since the interest rate targeted inflation rate which calculated against (the total number vrc produced during the initial proof-of-work phase), post inflation rate non-compounded and decreasing relative total supply over time. this inflation-targeted interest mechanism ensures inflation rate which gradually diminishes over time, even further increasing incentive stake, while encouraging distribution consensus. conclusion finally, conclude that the nonlinear time-accepted proof system further distributes consensus accepting time that enhances distribution and rejecting time that diminishes it. the stake-time window exponentially more difficult attack target, where significant threats are detected and addressed proactively the network, and finding suitable proofs becomes progressively more difficult. simultaneously, distributed threats are also discouraged post, and heavily penalized cost. the system also significantly incentivizes participation staking with greater overall rewards those actively participating the consensus, particularly times when needed most. the inversely proportional relationship between accepted-time and interest rate prevents dishonest nodes from bypassing the dynamics this system, and taking what isn't due proof. with this work aim bring proof-of-stake new level security, with strong incentive and fair distribution. this delivers more favorable rewards for more favorable actions, securing the network very direct and tangible way. our goal create environment where consensus collusion and manipulation are far from practical possible, where near costless distributed network can thrive for years come via voluntary participation provable consensus. acknowledgements sincere thank you the altcoin community general and all those who have supported vericoin and continue unconditionally. special thanks jay jay abels, bruno proenca, scott allyn, ernest chubb iii, jan wieczorek and many others for their relentless efforts help deliver unique brand, active community and cohesive message that truly captures the essence and pursuit vericoin. resources vericoin website www.vericoin.info vericoin forums www.vericoinforums.com vericoin youtube www.youtube.com/user/vericoinchannel vericoin facebook www.facebook.com/vericoin vericoin twitter www.twitter.com/vericoin vericoin google+ www.plus.google.com/+vericoinchannel references satoshi nakamoto. bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. bitcoin.org, sunny king and scott nadal. ppcoin: peer-to-peer crypto-currency with proof-of-stake. peercoin.net, pavel vasin. blackcoin's proof-of-stake protocol blackcoin.co, alias et. al. whitepaper: nxt. nxt.org, nick szabo. the dawn trustworthy computing. unenumerated.blogspot.com, vitalik buterin. proof stake: how learned love weak subjectivity. blog.ethereum.org, laurie decentralised currencies are probably impossible (but let's least make them efficient). http://www.links.org/files/decentralised-currencies.pdf nick szabo. bitcoin, what took you long? unenumerated.blogspot.com, quantummechanic. proof stake instead proof work. bitcointalk.org, dan kaminsky. tried hack bitcoin and failed. business insider, stan higgins. million vericoin hack prompts hard fork recover funds. coindesk,