whitepaper www.veros.org contents introduction ii. blockchain what blockchain? growth distributed ledger technology iii. architecture and development design benefits technical motivation iv. veros key features veros consultancy active development verosaffiliatenetwork blockchain explorer veros wallet eco-life scalability initial distribution affiliatenetworkdistribution stack unlock process staking process vi. coss (crypto-one-stop-solution) vi. transaction cost www.veros.org introduction cryptocurrency medium exchange, which makes use cryptography secure transactions and control creation additional currency units. the development cryptocurrency has been actively growing the past decade, thus offering broad range transactional possibilities for both users and organizations. our aim become the first stable digital currency whereby the distribution and value the currency not controlled solely the miners, but also the community has vital role this. our purpose empower through affiliate marketing channel, topping projects with veros. the veros community aims inspire, inspired, educate and support its members. veros cryptocurrency that has the nomination veros and has digits after the decimal point (for example veros). veros only initial project which will continue evolve adding new and innovative modules which the end will define crypto-onestop-solution (coss). veros provides use case for storing and processing digital transactions secure and transparent way. our system based the ethereum blockchain application platform and follows the cryptocurrency standards offered ethereum the deployment moment: proof-of-work (pow). the ethereum blockchain's smart-contracts are used validate and protect certain rules regarding the distribution, freezing and ownership coins. these contracts are enforced the ethereum network and cannot invalidated changed the company nor the users. www.veros.org ii. blockchain blockchain distributed database, which makes the creation digital ledger transactions and share among distributed network computers possible. uses cryptography allow each participant the network manipulate the ledger secure way without the need for central authority. maintains continuously-growing list records (blocks), each containing timestamps and link the previous one. veros built and available blockchain and accessible dapp (distribuited application). the main reason for using blockchain technology the development veros provide decentralized infrastructure that stable and secure for all the involving parties. the main advantages solutions built blockchain technologies are: trustless exchange: two parties are able make exchange without the oversight intermediation third party, strongly reducing, even eliminating, counterparty risk. empowered users: users are control all their information and transactions. durability, reliability, and longevity: thanks the decentralized networks, blockchain does not have central point failure and better able withstand malicious attacks. transparency and immutability: changes public blockchains are viewable all parties creating transparency, and all transactions are immutable, meaning they cannot altered deleted. www.veros.org growth distributed ledger technology distributed ledger represents consensus replicated, shared and synchronized digital data, geographically spread across multiple sites, countries and/or institutions. the efficiency distributed ledger derives from the immediate reflection changes made any participant towards all copies the ledger. the full potential distributed ledgers attained the moment when other applications are layered top them (e.g. smart contracts). smart contracts represent contracts whose terms are recorded computer language; they can automatically processed computer systems. economically viable form these contracts, there are low contracting, enforcements and compliance costs. the moment, the distributed ledger technology still the beginning and the blockchain represents one the very first implementations that make use it. the predictions regarding its development are positive. large number experts are pointing out that the blockchain technology will revolutionize the way individuals are using emerging technology. large banks and governmental institutions are working implement blockchain applications order provide more secure and trustworthy services their customers. the blockchain technology hits mainstream, there are numerous cryptocurrencies that appear each year, all them competiting for the same market. veros isn't going just another digital currency, it's own philosophy create markershare around it's core initial users. the chart below you can see how fragmented the cryuptocurrency market is: www.veros.org iii. architecture and development design veros built ethereum, blockchain-based distributed computing platform that runs smart contracts. using ethereum the abstract foundational layer, are able implement all the features and rules veros directly into smart contracts, which are deployed and processed the entire network. using the entire ethereum infrastructure with the purpose validating transactions and adding new blocks the blockchain, minimize any possible attack the coin. top ethereum, have built the services using geth (go-ethereum https://github. com/ethereum/go-ethereum). geth multipurpose command line tool that runs full ethereum node implemented go. installing geth, one can take part the ethereum live network and mine real ether, transfer funds, create contracts and send transactions, explore block history etc. the geth running proprietary linux server with rpc/ http open ports. the communication, which involves the geth, managed through the node.js intermediary application and the ethereum network. the applications connecting the ethereum blockchain are built truffle (https://github. com/consensys/truffle). truffle development environment, testing framework and asset pipeline for ethereum. use ethereum truffle for: built-in smart contract compilation, linking, deployment and binary management configurable build pipeline with support for custom build processes. network management for deploying many public private networks the communication between the ethereum blockchain and the web-applications managed using the web.js framework https://github.com/ethereum/web.js/). web.js the ethereum compatible javascript api, which implements the generic json rpc spec. the communication layer between geth and the front-end application implemented using node.js, which uses event-driven, non-blocking i/o model that allows manage communications between the users and veros. the node.js application communicating with geth through ipcs (internal procedure calls). the node.js application sharing the same server with geth. communication with the ethereum node done through the json rpc api. json-rpc stateless, light-weight remote procedure call (rpc) protocol. primarily this specification defines several data structures and the rules around their processing. transport agnostic that the concepts can used within the same process, over sockets, over http, www.veros.org many various message passing environments. uses the json (rfc data format. the frontend application implemented using the angularjs framework (https://github. com/angular/angular-seed/wiki). this application located different server and communicates with the intermediate layer using web sockets and rest api. benefits the main benefit veros offering access individuals, which are not linked any banking services, thus enabling them use financial services for their daily transactional processes. veros has the main advantage offering the possibility transitioning online and offline and exchanging veros into fiat money simplified manner. the blockchain technology enables the user transfer funds fast and easy manner, which excludes third-party actors, unlike the traditional banking systems. www.veros.org vat ethereum public blockchain-based distributed computing platform, featuring smart contract functionality. provides decentralized virtual machine, the ethereum virtual machine (evm), which can execute peer-to-peer contracts using cryptocurrency called ether. see three main approaches for building advanced applications top cryptocurrency: building new blockchain. using scripting top bitcoin. building meta-protocol top bitcoin. building new blockchain allows unlimited freedom building feature set. still, there considerable security risk with new blockchains; for example, there aren't enough miners the very beginning, the network vulnerable attack. www.veros.org iv. veros key features lta the team behind veros innovative technology company based singapore. most the application development implemented europe with experienced consultants and experts located worldwide. our purpose provide comprehensive eco-system built around the cryptocurrency featuring multi-platform wallets, integration with exchanges, etc. active development the coss (crypto-one-stop-solution) encompases all features available digital economical system based the cryptocurrency. the system unifies all transactional aspects that are usually managed using fiat money and offers solutions for exchanges, payrolls, wallets, acquisitions and transactions. the majority veros will distributed through affiliate systems, where members will rewarded coins for bringing merchants board accept veros for payments. all affiliates rewarded veros will follow programmed release contract which each payment will processed the members wallet over period weeks. the members will receive the full payment they are entitled weekly bases. the total supply veros are divided into equally sized stacks, and new stack can only become available for distribution when minimum the previous stack has been scheduled for transfer it's affiliate members. this made order prevent any pump and dump strategy and/or flooding the market. additionally, the veros distribution plan involves best case scenario that limits the speed release. the best case scenario achieved when the total amount veros that are added the distribution schedule this week are: million during the first week. million million for every week passed since genesis. thus, best-case scenario will increse million each week. when the best-case scenario reached, new stacks will released the current week, even the previous stack already more then consumed. www.veros.org the company already working extensive white paper create crypto-onestop-solution (coss) for new markets. this project will rolled out starting and released stages, the different parts the platform are ready and tested. the platform will consist (but not limited to) multiple functionalities built make cryptocurrencies more accessible the masses for different purposes: collection wallets and exchange for multiple cryptocurrencies, merchant platform where businesses can plug-in through apis list, market and sell their products accepting cryptocurrencies (of their choice) payments, payment solutions including online pos systems for easier acceptance and conversion cryptocurrencies. the white paper currently development and more functions will added the product evolves. blockchain explorer the blockchain explorer web-based tool that can found https://explorer.veros. org. allows any user view the balance veros wallet. the application accessible without authentication and provides network statistical data such as: the total amount veros circulation given time (the coins wallets that aren't freezed). the transactional volume available for different time slots (the last hour, hours, days, one month). the number blocks, wallets, etc. price the veros various exchanges. the veros explorer offers rest api for integration with party systems that want display real-time information for the veros network. the documentation for the api publicly accessible at: https://explorer.veros.org/api-docs. the veros wallet cross-platform wallet, enabling users store veros. for the veros, the wallet provides the following functionalities: generate new address the blockchain network. view veros balance and send transactions other wallets. view transactions, pending releases. view and create staking deposits. create payment request and display them codes. scan codes send veros payment. www.veros.org eco-life the system continues develop, predict, based the expected number application users, that there will balance between the supply and demand for veros, which will ultimately lead increase its value. veros has all the prerequisites viable replacement for fiat money, allowing millions unbanked individuals gain access easier ways paying, while providing them the same opportunities banked persons. this the key feature that will allow veros reused continuously, thus forming transactional eco-system. veros will offer access both online and offline transaction for services and goods the wallet owners. foresee that this will solve challenges many industries like: gaming: online gaming continuously expanding industry but many passionate gamers find difficult upload funds various gaming platforms. veros the solution and foresee the demand for this cryptocurrency this field. real estate: great number real estate developers are searching for simplified ways for them accept payments for their real estate, especially from overseas investors. veros represents secure and viable alternative with the potential create increased revenues for the developers. ecommerce/merchant platforms represent one the greatest tools get public community feedback. with increased number merchants that accept veros the greater demand will for it, resulting its increased value. atms are fast and easy method exchanging from fiat cryptocurrency the other way around and are one the main bridges between the cryptocurrency world and the fiat money world. public cryptocurrency exchanges offer the opportunity exchange various cryptocurrencies (veros, bitcoin etc.) into fiat money. scalability being cryptocurrency that uses distributed ledger technology, veros ecosystem scalable one. its growth only controlled the amount veros circulation certain point time and the number transactions/reuses the coin which are taking place. the total supply ,,, veros billion units). the veros are issued stacks veros million units). total, there will stacks. since veros doesn't use mining for creating new cryptocurrency units, the initial digital currency will distribuited using affiliate marketing platform that follows rules writted the ethereum smart-contract. www.veros.org initial distribution the genesis wallet (or master wallet) will hold all the initial stacks. during the publication the smart-contract the ethereum network, the initial distribution plan will occur. the genesis wallet (or master wallet) will transfer total number stacks number special wallets: stack will sent the stakeholder wallet, which locked for three years order not flood the market with veros. stack will released investor wallet. stack will sent the staking wallet order have enough funds provide the users which have deposits with their daily interest. www.veros.org veros distributed through affiliate network using the rules that are written the ethereum contracts. the affiliate distribution plan detailed below: payment scheduled transactions are signed using the main wallet key which controller the affiliate network distribution company. the only transaction that the main wallet can add scheduled payments. normal veros transfer from this wallet are not possible (wallet permanently locked). packages are distributed the user over period weeks starting with the date his wallet was added the affiliate network distribution schedule. the user will receive his veros. after payment scheduled has been commited, there method stop it, delay it, change the receiver the veros. www.veros.org the veros network composed stacks veros each. the beggining the contract, the genesis wallet contains stacks, which are transffered certain special wallets. the affiliate network distribution evolves over time and the main wallet balance consumed, more stacks are released from the genesis wallet the main wallet. there are rules for releasing stacks from the genesis wallet the main wallet: balance main wallet less then full stack (less then veros) even the main wallet balance less then the "best case" scenario could stop the stack release trigger. the "best case" scenario states that the total scheduled distribution added the current week should more then the value added the previous week plus million. example, the "best case" scenario is: million veros for frst week, million veros for second week, million veros for week, etc. the stack unlocking contract detailed below: www.veros.org veros users can opt for staking. depending the value their deposits, they will get variable interest. the fixed deposits are set for months and the interest returned daily. when user decides get fixed deposit, will send their veros the staking wallet, which smart wallet that sets the amount interest automatically (based the veros amount). the staking wallet filled during the genesis with amount million veros. this wallet re-financed every time the amount drops under the initial value. www.veros.org the staking interest calculated based the amount veros sent staking. the staking interest paid daily basis. the interest calculated the table below: the user can cancel the staking deposit any time, receiving penalty the plan doesn't have fixed period (// months). the user selects fixed period staking plan (// months) and later decides cancel the plan before the due-date, will penalized with the full interest paid that deposit plus from the staked value. after the staking plan finished (// months), the deposit will continue normal interest without fixed period. www.veros.org coss the cryptocurrency veros has been developed part the coss project fuel the portal and the same time create demand for veros the market. coss pte ltd short for crypto one stop solution. vision for coss bring cryptocurrency the masses and prepare one stop solution where they can have everything service they need supplied. the affiliates will rewarded veros when they bring onboard merchants and other users/ affiliates the coss portal. all fee's the coss portal have paid with veros. the coss platform will consist the following services (but not limited to) archive list (similar coinmarketcap) all available/tradeable crypto currencies. market cap, trading volume and info about all these crypto currencies. option download/install wallets for all these crypto currencies. exchange where these crypto currencies can apply listed. payment solution with offer accept payments crypto currencies where direct settlement will offered for highly tradable coins, and coin settlements for those with low volume. api solution plugin web shops and products and thereby start accepting crypto currencies payments. featured product show/display for merchants with direct link basket/checkout and payment with crypto currency. stage the coss project estimated live with limited offering from the above. the rollout plan will then see added features quarterly over the coming years. stage one priority one have platform for merchants and focal point for delivering the demand side the veros. the coss project fully funded will not present time seek any external funding. the real monetization coss will come from portal fee's through payments veros. this also estimated create huge demand for veros the open market which again will reward the affiliates and again make them eager further grow the portal together www.veros.org potential additional services: smart contracts service: coss offering crowdfunding, peer peer funding etc agreements has made between people regardless location, offering standardized templates for contracts signed the blockchain against fee paid veros. incorporations made easy: coss offering funding solutions etc startups and ideas, these ideas need formalized into companies. coss will then offer easy way incorporate companies different jurisdictions. payment for incorporation will done veros again bringing further usage the coss platform and higher demand for veros. crossborder transactions/remittance: implementing this into coss will again increase the usage the coss portal, increasing the demand for veros. www.veros.org vi. transaction cost using the ethereum blockchain, every contract and transaction that change the network's state (for which new block needs mined) need gas order executed the system. gas the internal pricing for running transaction/contract using ethereum. simplified manner, represents the cost getting your ethereum message/ transaction executed fast possible. because every transaction published into the blockchain imposes the network the cost needing download and verify it, there some need for regulatory mechanism prevent abusive use. not expect our users have gas order make transactions with veros, will handle the transaction fees out special ethereum wallet. the ethereum network does not allow for different address than the one making the transfer pay the transaction fee, will transfer eth the user that makes the transfer and will recover the difference between the transaction cost and eth after the transaction takes place. this wallet will filled the stakeholders with ether and all transactions that are processed the system will use the eth there gas. there also transaction cost veros. all transactions between users will have veros transfer fee for using the network. the veros transaction cost are sent central veros wallet that controller the company and used pay ethereum gas well provide prizes and rewards for the community that helps expand the veros network.