what vertcoin? vertcoin cryptographic currency, similar bitcoin and litecoin, with one major difference. the forerunner the digital currency movement, the original bitcoin developers were unable perceive all potential threats that would arise challenge it's mission decentralized currency. millions dollars were spent various companies build application specific integrated circuit (asic) computers attempt monopolize mining. these devices made gpus and cpus were longer useful the mining process. result, the vast majority bitcoin mining and transactions would now processed large data centers that required hundreds thousands, millions dollars investment. now that bitcoin computational power handled almost entirely large data centers, the currency has rapidly changed from distributed, decentralized currency, one that much more centralized and vulnerable. companies such cex.io are routinely hitting pow computational power daily basis, and will soon able perform attacks will, they choose. due the problems asic chips brought the digital currency platform, new currency, litecoin was created. litecoin attempted utilize the scrypt hashing algorithm, which more memory intensive than sha, deter asic use. january there are now scrypt asic chips being deployed the chinese for mining. far, around mhash gridseed asic chips have been brought online and used the litecoin and middlecoin.com network. the chinese chips have not been released the greater market large, but eventually they will, and the same problems that sha currency faces will come the litecoin and other scrypt currency networks next. where does vertcoin fit into this? scrypt was utilized litecoin try and deter asic use because large memory requirements are the best way try and make asic financially unfeasible. litecoin held out for while, but the original memory requirements the barebone litecoin distribution were just not high enough lock out asic completely. vertcoin has now been released the logical evolution litecoin and introduces what's known "adaptive n-factor". the n-factor component scrypt determines how much memory required compute the hashing functions. vertcoin n-factor increases with time stay one step ahead any possible asic development. for the long, foreseeable future, gpu computing will the fastest method computation for vertcoin, but cpu computation will eventually make gains nfactor increases.