white paper description the project hello@vestchain.io what vestchain? vestchain one the newest projects, developed its own blockchain, designed implement and launch new cryptocurrencies onto the market. the main goal the project create network capable processing millions transactions per second. vestchain structural complex with closed ecosystem. decentralization and transparency any transactions the platform accomplished using application scaling. while using this process, the schemes interaction between protocols are created, like the work operating systems. the work this blockchain allows developers, investors, traders and simple crypto enthusiasts implement their own cryptocurrency projects and the boldest ideas. anyone will able buy new token operate decentralized network, because the sale will carried out parts, the token will redeemed. the first stage sales implies the release billion tokens, the second stage will million, during all subsequent stages will issued million tokens annually. the bulk the tokens won't sold during the current calendar year, the new lot will not released and won't sale. this innovation will stimulate traders and founders ico projects buy tokens. the tokens won't redeemed time, the value the token will also grow, since its free quantity the market will constantly decrease. the first two lots tokens constitute the planned volume, thus the release new coins will continue for the next three years. the coins won't redeemed, the term the final issue will postponed for year. vestchain purpose the purpose vestchain create decentralized blockchain that will able process fast and free transactions. the cryptographic component this project will allow creating smart contracts its basis, and developers will able develop dapps simple and independent way. the basic concept the project turn the vestchain into platform that will function operating system, allowing very easy use. another goal vestchain process millions transactions per second. this will solve big problem with scalability other blockchain networks, especially bitcoin. today, many devices and programs can recognize smart contracts, but none them able perform such operations quickly. currently, the most popular network with its smart contracts ethereum, but can process only transactions per second. vestchain will significantly surpass this value, and the number operations the peak time will reach about million. dapps vestchain dapps the future the internet, already over thousand them are created other blockchains, and our project exception. example dapp that could used the vestchain blockchain the decentralized version any social network where one controls the network and one can access the user's personal information. are striving for decentralization highest and truest sense the word. such applications will find popularity major companies that have need process from thousand transactions per second. the same time, safety will remain adequate level, regardless the number blockchain active users. the main consumers who will work the vestchain blockchain are large enterprises, financial institutions, technological giants and, course, social networks. easy use apart from the fact that our project can increase the speed any network user this blockchain, strive improve the usability our product. the structure smart contracts very complex. for developers, very difficult task insert specific, but basic functions smart contract, for example, account recovery and task scheduling. create and maintain the work, the user needs understand the basics cryptography, but vestchain will solve this problem for you. using the operating system protocol, vestchain will include all the basic functions, allowing developers working the blockchain vestchain create the necessary contracts without having specific knowledge the cryptography field. how does vestchain work? like many other smart contracts blockchain, the main vestchain protocol will work similar way the ethereum network, but with much higher transaction processing speed. the number dapps processed vestchain significantly exceeds its predecessor. all transactions can performed any time, without being tied the time frame any time zone. initially, the number transactions the network will not exceed thousand transactions per second. this amount quite enough reach the global level. further, the number transactions will increase, due the increase the number network users. how will the transaction processing speed increased? get answer this question, you need understand how the system manages data. each block can store virtually unlimited number operations. since each block multi-layer cell, can pack the entire operation more compressed form after the final filling the main block. the technology that supports the initial processing data called proof-of-work (pow). but vestchain uses another major feature, which brought new consensus models: "proof stake" and "delegated proof stake". instead using pow, the vestchain blockchain will use new consensus model, called delegated-shared (dpos). consensus vestchain blocks are generated every seconds stages blocks. the stage begins with the selection unique producers for each block voting, for which schedule created. the producers have the right create block order turn. the producer does not fulfill the generation blocks within hours, the system excludes until receiving message readiness resume work. this allows you achieve continuous network operation. for dpos blockchains, forks are not typical; the producers the blocks cooperate, and not compete with each other. when fork occurs, the system switches the longest chain blocks. chain with many producers grows length faster, which means not difficult determine the fork attempt. producers who will try create forks will excluded forever. the dpos algorithm, all producers participate the generation blocks, and transaction confirmation occurs within seconds after sending. the event system failure, the network will require confirmation from most producers which will take more than seconds. this case, the problem block will marked mandatory. case forking, the producer will switched chain with presence obligatory blocks. user accounts vestchain will provide opportunity create user-friendly account names from characters. the account creator chooses the name. when creating account, replenished small amount money, adding record the database. user accounts can interact with each other, namely, send messages and process incoming messages automatic mode. for each account, database created and its own encryption key released. also, accounts will able delegate full partial access rights the database. this will bring the smart contracts new level and realize the opportunities for joint management. vestchain will allow you split management functions for contract between users. creating different access levels, you can determine what the user will able perform, and which cells your database will have the access. decentralized organizations (dao) the organization's creator configures the settings through the client platforms and invites users. balance the authorized capital dao consists funds contributed users. the transfer carried out according the principle: user dao. users not reach agreement within the set time from the moment first payment, all funds are returned the senders. time time dao creation during which all participants must make statutory deposit. inputsumm deposit amount from the user for entering the dao users number users involved creating the dao. the creator sends invitations future members the organization specifying their address. minusers minimum number users accept the dao conditions conditions the system's conditions are set pre-established requirements, the fulfillment which necessary for the performance specific action. for each action, set variables has been developed that users will use create and configure conditions. other words, the conditions are the rules the game. start the game, you need define the rules, and then accept them. the organization management configuration can divided into rigid and flexible management. the first option more bureaucratic, providing higher level reliability and safety the asset reducing the efficiency decision-making. the second suitable for more active organizations, and provides system consensus and conflict resolution between participants. mixed control also possible, and this model both methods are combined. facts and indicators indicators contain the relation one fact another, and are expressed the form [*] [+]: [*] the logical multiplication facts means that order perform action, necessary observe all facts. [+] the logical adding facts, means that perform action necessary observe least one the facts. the fact the consent one more users, the fact expressed electronic signature, and mechanism rigid control. the designation facts, will use the term esu (electronic signature the user). the signatures are two types: simple and complex. the simple contain one signature, instead the complex ones contain two more signatures and are called multi-signatures. esu esu esu the condition contains mandatory execution simple signatures (esu esu) (esu esu) the condition contains mandatory execution two multi-signatures. the second fact contains mandatory signatures, and the first one presupposes the presence one the signatures. transaction conditions (tc) transactions the system change its balance. the creator the system establishes list persons whose consent required for the transaction. depending the structure and objectives the dao, you can set out the condition for the transfer funds. the configuration transaction conditions divided into types: condition for all transactions conditions for the transactions greater than conditions for the transactions lesser than this example, will consider the dao which consists users. the condition the transaction this organization the signature users: dao; balance vest; users esu esu esu the following example, the transfer funds requires the consent one the two users: esu esu for complex hierarchical systems, the function delineation authority for transfers funds available. this means creating several parallel conditions for each transaction type. vest esu esu vest con esu vest con make transaction for less than vest, need obtain consent the consensus, namely, the signature people. but for transaction the amount more than vest, one consensus not enough, the signature participant mandatory, without its consent the transaction will not executed. this way, you can set any action, developing levers management your organization. internal management dao after setting the conditions and creating organization, its participants will receive separate section with organization, which the dao management functions will available. the actions will carried out through separate tab the organization section, after which they will put open vote and, necessary, confirmed other participants. once the condition action confirmed facts (signatures participants), the contract automatically executed. more details about the management, how performed: dao's participants receive set basic rights upon entering the organization, these rights allow the participant participate the organization's activities: the right initiation the right initiate actions the organization, namely: carry out internal and external management behalf dao. fact, this key right that gives the participant the organization basic opportunities. for example, participant wishes make transfer behalf organization, fills the appropriate fields: indicates the address and amount, after which the proposed action goes into the control section and becomes visible others. the action the participant displayed the control section and, necessary, awaits confirmation from the designated persons. this right applies all possible management actions. there intruder among the dao participants, cannot cause significant harm the organization, while others will able react quickly and delete him from the participants. right conservation vests title allocate and maintain the share case removal withdrawal from dao. inheritance right the right allows participants specify the recipient inheritance. case does not appear the network for certain time, all his property will sent the pre-established address. this will allow you consider accidents and save your property. this right enjoyed all users, not only dao participants. configured follows: (absence time the network days) heir wallet successor any action taken the dao recorded its accounting book. information about organizations and their actions the public domain. the accounting book contains information about the activities the organization, namely: information about organization balance organization incoming and outgoing transactions list participants organization performed actions the organization list participants voting and their decisions parallel execution applications vestchain confronts producers with the task delivering messages different threads. implement this feature, the delayed message algorithm will applied. fact, schedule will drawn for sending messages, and their delivery will carried out the next stage. sending and delivering messages from one user another requires time. minimize this, users should given the opportunity exchange messages within the block. for this, loops consisting parallel threads are inputted into the block. threads include transactions with messages whose delivery scheduled for the next cycle. block cycles (successive) threads (parallel) transactions (successive) messages (successive) recipient and notified accounts (parallel) inside the block, there will analysis for the absence threads that change the same account. the block producer can add cycles during the entire block generation period. assessment the blockchain state part the network scaling, vestchain divided into modules. organize network node, the possibility customization was implemented. after the core installed, sub-set applications can selected for the node, for example, organize exchange work with social networks. this case, the node will only accept messages addressed the selected applications. the node will ignore the remaining messages. the states communication between users are transmitted through messages included the blockchain, which means that one account cannot synchronously call another account, and excludes the attempts substitute account information. block producers independently assess the complexity the block and the time for confirmation transactions and automatic messages smart contracts. inside the network, all transactions have fixed payment for bandwidth, but the block producer has the right calculate the cost capacity and make conclusion about the consumption excessive amounts resources. this case, the manufacturer has the right refuse perform this transaction. the refusal perform the transaction will confirmed only all producers will consider this transaction not valid. for these transactions, the producer search may take minute. the producer attempts manipulate such blocks, voting procedure will initiated for his deleting. the token model and the use resources any blockchain has resource base limitation and has need for security system. the main resource classes vestchain: bandwidth and log storage (disk) computation and computational backlog (cpu); state storage (ram) the blockchain stores the history all messages. any the network nodes must download and store complete history for network synchronization, which makes possible restore the state any application. the computational backlog used deploy the blockchain state, other words, list calculations necessary restore the network's history. when becomes too large, state snapshots are performed and the past history discarded. this parameter requires constant monitoring. the state the system information received from applications. includes account balances and orders. only those states that are read the application are stored. for example, the application logic does not use post comment content, then this information will not stored the blockchain state, but the same time the fact the existence this post comment, well other properties will saved. network measurements the resource toolkit subjective. producers the blocks independently control and fulfill restrictions the use resources considering their algorithmic schemes. however, some things can measured objectively, for example, the amount data stored the database the number messages can measured quickly and cheaply. payment expenses the world practice, the business pays for itself office expenses, computing power and other costs. the consumer receives his disposal the final product. the business expenses for the organization the work process are covered the sales income the product. for example, social network does not force users pay for maintaining servers, offering instead paid services. also, applications based the blockchain should not oblige customers bear the costs using it. the network vestchain there payment for the use the blockchain, which creates favorable conditions for the business develop its own strategy for selling final products. delegating capacity the vest token holder the running software can lease the bandwidth for other network users. this case, the producers the blocks find such proposals and distribute the bandwidth these nodes the network, paying for the service with tokens. the cost the transaction and the value the token the main advantage the vestchain network the complete independence the bandwidth from the price the token. run software based vestchain, the owner must keep certain number tokens his wallet. this case, the application can run for unlimited time within the bandwidth and state allocated for it. such system allows ensuring the independence developers and users vestchain from the cost the token trading platforms. the computing power, bandwidth and storage space can increased increasing the number tokens the account (shares the network) and not depend the value the token. block producers receive reward for creating block. due the value these tokens, the manufacturer can improve conditions purchasing new hardware. storage cost according vestchain, the application developer must store tokens the wallet, order maintain the state the application until this state removed. the application state cannot deleted, the tokens will eliminated. any account the network must maintain minimum balance the wallet store data the network. gradually, the minimum balance will reduced. block reward block producers receive reward for creating block. this, fixed number tokens will generated. thus, the total annual release tokens will always constant and independent external factors. community-friendly apps along with voting opportunities for the best block manufacturers, the community can select useful applications (smart contracts). for choosing, the system top applications will used. voting will conducted considering the number tokens among users, the greater the number tokens the account has, the more votes has. each wallet token equal one vote. thus, applications that receive the majority votes will receive additional compensation for specified percentage the total annual issue tokens. this promotion will valid long the application the top- the number votes. account owner can redefine his voice favor another app any time. when changing top leaders, the new contract starts receiving tokens from the next block. management management the process resolving issues relating the consensus-building, which cannot resolved algorithmically. the main source power the vestchain blockchain the network token holder. token holders transfer their power the block producers and grant them limited and verifiable powers freeze accounts, search for and fix defective applications, submit fork proposals the basic protocol. the feature designate block producers embedded the vestchain software. when making changes the blockchain, block manufacturers must approve them. when the block producer refuses fulfill the wish the token holders, they may initiate vote eliminate the producer. the block producer makes changes without the permission the network users, the testifiers the full nodes reject the change process. account freezing case unforeseen errors smart contracts violations the part the account the vulnerabilities found its fragments, well excessive consumption network resources, the block producer may decide temporarily freeze such account until problems are eliminated. process initiated one producer must approved the vast majority producers. when problems noticed the producer are removed, the account will thawed and the exchange messages with the network will resumed. case abuse power, producers may excluded, and the account will thawed. change account code other actions not allow the normal operation the account restored, the block producer submits proposal vote replacing the account code with zero code without blockchain hardfork. confirm this action, you need get the overwhelming majority the votes the block producers. before replacing the account code, backup inverse copy created, encrypted with special key. case illegal deletion the account code, can restored. constitution the vestchain blockbuster makes possible set the terms use for all users the network that all network members are required comply with, and these terms are called the "constitution". this agreement defines the duties users that cannot described code, allowing regulate disputable situations. all transactions the network have hash constitution signature, linking the user the contract. the function the constitution includes ways determine the basic concepts the network and the options for their resolution. updating the protocol and the constitution vestchain initiates process which the following steps are required for the protocol: block producers offer constitutional changes and receive approval votes. block producers support approval during consecutive days. all users are required sign transactions using hash new constitution. block producers make the necessary changes the source code display the constitutional changes, and offer them the community using hash code changes. block producers support approval within -day period. code changes take effect days later, giving all the complete nodes one week update after the source code has been validated. all nodes that not switch the new code are automatically disabled. the process the blockchain updating and introducing new functions will take months, and updates correct minor errors without changing the constitution will take from months. emergency changes the process changing the code can accelerated the producers global network vulnerability was discovered and poses threat users. this, the producer must initiate additional vote and upon obtaining the approval the rest the producers the process code replacement can accelerated days. scripts and virtual machines vestchain will one the best platforms for messaging between accounts, well the first platform for decentralized organizations dao. the technical implementation the vestchain code independent architecture and technology, and can built and integrated using the api. messages defined the scheme transfer messages between accounts, conversion scheme used between the json format and the byte code. transactions are determined the state the consensus scheme. database defined the scheme speed parallel transactions and minimize the computational debt associated with regenerating application state, vestchain separates three sections logic: validating that message internally consistent validating that all preconditions are valid recording new state for applications validating that message internally consistent read-only. can done any cycle. validating that all preconditions are valid, such account balance, read-only and can also accelerated parallel use. recording new state for applications requires write access and must processed sequentially for each application. authentication the process verifying the possibility receiving and applying message. when transaction enters block, the need for validation eliminated. simultaneous work virtual machines vestchain developed with the ability run multiple virtual machines time, and this ability can added necessary. use the vestchain software, you can consider the following virtual machines. web assembly (wasm) this machine allows you create high-performance applications and meets all modern standards. you make some changes, you can use sandbox. the advantages this machine the ability develop contracts popular languages, for example, ++, there also support for the product from the business. the ethereum network has also developed web assembly modification for creating sandbox. virtual machine ethereum (evm) evm used for many issued smart contracts and can also adapted for vestchain blockchain. contracts this machine can interact with other applications the blockchain. blockchain interaction one the ideas vestchain facilitate the interactions between the blockchains. for this, simplification the system for proving the existence messages the network and observing their sequence performed. the details the relationship and validation are hidden from the application developers. light client (lcv) the main task lcv the generation simple and easy evidences confirmation. they can tracked any user tracking low-weight datasets. all that required this case the proof the transaction, its recording the block and the inclusion the block the history the selected blockchain. simplifying interaction with the blockchains, minimize transaction processing for clients. vestchain allows the use lightweight proofs for irreversible block headers after the point transaction inclusion. the hash-based structure proves the existence any transaction with less than kilobyte proof. there reason for the failure creating blocks this way, because the additional load with the production blocks with hash-links negligible. for proofs other chains, can also optimize time, space and bandwidth. check all the headers the blocks (mb per year), the amount evidence will remain small. easy-valuation algorithm can implemented the blockchain, under which the hash function previous evidence produced. the new evidence contains links previously known proofs. connection delay between blockchains when connecting with another blockchain, block producer expects confidence conducting transaction another solution, after which can accepted incoming data. proof integrity the main task the interaction blockchains prove the absence rejected missed transactions. this easier than proving that all recent transactions are correct. vestchain assigns its unique identification number each message for each account. the user uses these numbers prove processing the required sequence all messages for the account. conclusion the vestchain blockchain developed taking into account the experience proven concepts and best practices this field. the network will allow reach new level user interaction and will simplify the creation decentralized organizations. the basis this software complex, will easy create and manage decentralized applications. contacts follow and contact social media: