(insurepal) whitepaper your friends trust you, trust you. preface this white paper describes the idea our social proof blockchain platform, its business model, and the rationale behind. the time creation, named insurepal and successfully concluded the ico january when the insurepal (ipl) token was released well. soon afterward realized, that our social proof concept could not and should not limited only insurtech. were need name that best reflects what we're all about, what are our mission and long-term vision, with social proof the centerpiece. that why decided rebrand vouchforme the middle the name focuses what have intended from the start: building great social proof platform suitable for numerous industries. brand insurepal may and will still use the future for insurance industry only. the white paper part our history, and decided not edit any the contents and leave was the day the ico, january the only change the name: insurepal has grown vouchforme. our fellow supporters insurepal itself not licensed insurance provider. any insurance activity will done cooperation with the licensed insurer local markets. the company building global blockchain-based platform, enabling social proofing conducted numerous ways across different industries. strongly believe that decentralized trust will unlock decentralized future. are entering the next phase the internet with many blockchains reshaping traditional economic models become largely self-regulating. thus, the need for centralized institution becoming redundant. this aspect, insurepal challenges the insurance industry today with decentralized, self-regulating social proof insurance platform with perhaps the most innovative model risk selection. today, every segment insurance ultra-competitive with entrepreneurs exploring new ways price risk, creating new types premiums and servicing consumers tightly regulated and challenging economy. competitive advantage revolves around the ability adapt ever-changing environment and demanding customer expectations. with more than years experience insurance, have had the opportunity witness, explore and thoroughly question the current business model. have learned doing. realising that regardless restrictions and rigorous supervision, insurance fails provide transparent and fair pricing model with good risks subsidizing poor risks. over the last two years, our team has tested and refined the opportunity behind the insurepal platform taking into account both, our own experience from processing huge amount policies and claims and the advice from underwriting specialists. the thing that makes insurepal fundamentally different the complete switch paradigm. rather than insurance companies accommodating irresponsible clients and having expensive administration, are growing community more responsible and diligent individuals who share common value reciprocity. our agile, self-regulating insurance platform will help them connect and conclude mutual insurance, consequently making sure they stop paying for irresponsible individuals. insurepal motivated psychological phenomenon known "social proof" which natural, in-built mechanism within all us, representing people's moral compass. the process will leave little room for fraud and recklessness insurepal set reward, motivate and grow behavioral patterns that not only benefit oneself, but stimulate groups and society whole. think blockchain ideal architecture for our innovation. its implementation has long-term horizon fundamentally simplify the business processes know today and build highly customer-centric product that designed for the benefit each individual and not for the profits the insurance companies. blockchain technology makes possible get rid all redundant articles transparent way and support growth peer-to-peer self-regulating community, thus committing insurepal delivering the cheapest affordable insurance responsible and diligent individuals. addition innovations the already known segments insurance (motor, life health, property), insurepal also intervenes the completely new area, namely, securing blockchain business transactions. ensuring the financial compensation unrealized deal the injured party will establish the trust among all the stakeholders and greatly accelerate the quality and quantity all future blockchain business transactions. considering all this, believe now the best time for new insurance player further investigate blockchain and offer revolutionizing solution insurepal platform that will fully harness the innovative power blockchain technology. insurepal nearing our ambitious goal and coming life. introducing the first social proof insurance blockchain are ready disrupt the insurance market worth trillion globally. invite you join venture what become new insurance model the next generation. sincerely, matt peterman tom volk distributed social proof insurance opportunity project overview insurepal self-regulating, social proof insurance platform based social proofing and decentralization. protect the intellectual property behind insurepal, worldwide patent has been filed, giving then insurepal platform unique opportunity become "the to" platform for insurance based social-proof. patented solution gives insurepal unique competitive advantage. all the third-parties that would want adopt the social proof methodology will obliged use insurepal platform solution, any other form use can considered infringement." the introduction social proof self-regulating psychological phenomenon allows insurepal nurture scheme lower-risk individuals, consequently decreasing their premiums whilst fully harnessing the power blockchain technology. having the ability offer attractive end-to-end product for incomparably lower price our guarantee for success, well proven solution that will attract only the diligent and responsible into our business model. every day, the blockchain wave gathering strength. with more and more concrete initiatives, either alone association with their peers, business partners, clients suppliers, gives foundations birth booming new economy the years come. the new golden era will begin soon the trust between parties doing business blockchain established adequate level. insurepal model improves the segmentation and risk selection process; decades-lasting issue for insurance companies and insurance clients alike and most importantly, enhances the trust that flows horizontally among peers, friends, colleagues and business partners. the most suitable expression for insurepal using insurance terminology would third-party deductible". proven that classic deductible reduces insurance claims frequency due the clients' imposed self-evaluation. from this fact insurepal proceeded when re-inventing insurepal third-party deductible into third-party evaluation with introducing social proof. doing so, insurepal managed objectivize the evaluation process itself. "insurepal will replace the insurers' model know today, and the same time offer completely new type coverage for areas life and business that began emerge with the evolution blockchain and the transactions being carried out the distributed ledger customers, the key motivator use insurepal significant cost reduction. namely, the core mechanism behind the platform enables insurepal clients endorse each other order obtain discount their insurance premium. the endorsement has backed financial guarantee from the endorser which only taken case the insurer files fault claim. the insurepal platform enables the social proof individual locked into the blockchain order secure higher transparency without aggressively invading privacy. due this innovative approach, insurepal will expand peer-to-peer risk managed operations and become the customer's first choice, consequently making available wide range different types insurance products. distributed social proof insurance moreover, with module for blockchain-made agreements, insurepal will assure final compensation the insured client case the other party breaches the mutually set arrangement, namely when the agreed service not performed within the set deadline, quality and other conditions stated the smart contract. too will use the basic principle social proof, meaning that the compensation will partly covered the insurance company and partly the endorsers, putting social pressure all the signing parties and quickly eliminating those that violate the terms. the embedded seriousness such agreement will guarantee the transactions between the parties are being carried out with the utmost responsibility. significantly better segmentation and incentives change behavior guarantee marked reduction insurance premiums, leading the insurance become widely acceptable for the majority blockchain business transactions. the growing value insurepal social proof insurance will reflect the increasing market value insurepal (hereinafter ipl) tokens. the adaptation insurepal policies will trigger wider circulation and utilisation the ipl token, with the aim become the prevailing currency global social proof insurance economy. our belief that other segments the fiat economy, closely linked the insurance industry, will consequently start accepting ipl tokens currency, serving additional boost ipl utility token economy. the total amount issued ipl tokens will limited and fixed, with security mechanism token split and/or token denomination added efficiently support expected price growth the future. are cognizant that the adoption the tokens the mass markets evolutionary process, therefore insurepal will gradually progress fully tokenized operation. our goal that the ipl utility token becomes the currency the insurepal community that will operate alternative economy based patented social-proof business model. such, will noticeably disrupt the trillion worldwide insurance industry today and significantly improve the blockchain business transactions tomorrow. for that, invite you get fully acquainted with social proof the core mechanism behind our business model and learn more about the insurepal token utilization. are firmly convinced the scalability and potential for become first-of-a-kind social proof insurance platform with global ambition. distributed social proof insurance mission statement insurepal itself not licensed insurance provider. any insurance activity will done cooperation with the licensed insurer local markets. the company building global blockchain-based platform, enabling social proofing conducted numerous ways across different industries. insurepal aims become first-of-a-kind blockchain-based decentralised insurance platform powered social proof guarantee. we're dedicated build modern insurance product that reflects the historical roots insurance, where smaller group acquaintances agreed mutual method sharing the burden risk based trust. wish return insurance back its core value trust and consequently expand the mindset mutual reciprocity. insurepal model self-regulating and therefore ideal for blockchain implementation, we're decided not only address the insurance challenges today, but encroach upon those niche segments which don't yet exist but will crucial the years come. doing so, tend deepen the community's confidence blockchain transactions and operations, and thus strengthening the growth and expansion emerging distributed economy. vision our vision craft insurance premium based one's social endorsements rewarding diligence. we're growing community that shares the common value reciprocity and thus creating shift, not just insurance industry, but also broader society. insurepal can and will self-regulate without the need industry-funded regulatory body, continuously allowing create attractive end-to-end insurance solutions, addressing both, the challenges today and those tomorrow. can save with insurepal user case john safe driver pays $/year for car insurance insurepal for motor car industry john asks his friend mary endorse him and help him lower his premium via insurepal john responsible, diligent driver who hasn't had accident years. but, the price john`s insurance per year. feels bad for overpaying for his mandatory car insurance. finds out about insurepal insurance, which offers him upfront saving his car insurance. everything needs find endorser who will guarantee for his good driving record. immediately thinks his friend mary and sends her invite, whilst also explaining her the idea behind the new insurance. mary guarantees for john with credit card and immediately receives upfront reward worth ipl tokens. this token transaction also contains the social proof information. when mary enters her credit card data, she exposes herself potential payment john's savings, her cash-back bonus and penalties). important note that mary's credit card will only charged case john files fault claim within the next year. other words, there claim, john paid only for his insurance and mary got ipl tokens, which she can sell exchange and spend keep investment. john can find more endorser further reduce his insurance price and the same time promote insurepal, helping the product grow virally. and because john understands the benefits insurepal, will also willing endorse mary who safe driver well, when her car insurance policy will due. distributed social proof insurance user case insurepal for blockchain business transactions arbitrage andrew and susan want make business transaction, but don't completely trust each other. their business arrangement doesn't happen due time and leads more challenging dispute, they begin with arbitrage. the arbitrage determines who breached the contract and sets the amount penalties for insurepal cover. they sign smart contract defining breaching penalty, arbitrage body and arrangement's due date and insure their business transaction with insurepal. the compensation paid even susan's andrew's identity remains anonymous false. andrew and susan share the same interests, but live the other side the world. they want make business transaction exchange goods, but don't know and trust each other well enough. insurepal blockchain business transactions module allows them craft upfront agreement which they specify important terms and conditions their transaction. they both have agree upon maximum penalty for contract breaching and define due date after which the appeal between the parties longer possible. case dispute, the parties first try settle among themselves and that not possible, opt for arbitrage. even more, every time transaction completed, each their endorsers` (eg. each note) rated. based their (un)trusted behaviour, social proof trustscore calculated and presented other participating endorsers, serving important factor trust for all one's upcoming blockchain-made arrangements. enhancing trust and ensuring the financial compensation for breached contracts insurepal greatly supports the execution blind business transactions blockchain. one hand, the model keeps insurance premiums low not cause any friction. the other, the insurance enhances the execution all those transactions that would otherwise need through the complex process identity verification order establish level trust. recursive/transitive deductible insurepal itself not licensed insurance provider. any insurance activity will done cooperation with the licensed insurer local markets. the company building global premium coverage $., conducted numerous ways across different industries. blockchain-based platform, enabling social proofing the case above, insurepal provides insurance coverage andrew making business transaction with susan. their contract breached, insurepal pays the penalty john partly from insurepal insurance pool and partly collecting deductibles from his endorsers. due their direct engagement with andrew, his friends emma, ann and frank (nodes and respectively) pay more, whereas the others (nodes from and up) pay less, accordingly. the data their transactions also collected order calculate social proof trustscore each (directly and indirectly) participating endorser. their exposure and the collection the deductibles governed the insurepal algorithm. the process can compared the co-signing loans with one major difference: insurepal model allows that all the endorsers (co-signers) receive financial incentive. expected that due their mutual social pressure the insurepal community whole will behave more diligently, and hence the insurance premiums will low enough not cause any friction the executing transactions. our model applicable anywhere the world due the imposed element trust among the insurers and the endorsers. such, can easily penetrate into the countries where insurance extremely costly into those where doesn't exist all, with the assumption that diligent subgroups may appear anywhere. distributed social proof insurance problem organizations' biggest opportunities the next years what are your organization's biggest opportunities the next years? changing consumer needs biometrics for claims management and/or cyber security cost reduction initiatives customer data analytics improve underwriting, pricing and marketing improving operational processes and the use technology better use capital and management risk wearables the internet things (iot) including telematics strengthening customer loyality digital technology and integration into business objectives mergers acquisitions improve market position and economies scale source: new world opportunity poor risk management bad market segmentation invasion privacy complex regulation expensive tracking methods extensive gross costs corporate structure fraud detection premium leakage process and system innovations the key struggle for insurance today remains segmentation and the question how effectively distinguish clients properly evaluate risk and prevent frauds and misstated data. from the most sophisticated methods for tracking behavior funding and installing expensive wearable devices, many insurance offerings try become more present their customers' live, however their struggle raise the profitability centres younger drivers. methods further improve segmentation are often expensive, invasive and the end the risk evaluation precision poor. due this poor segmentation, responsible and diligent insurance clients have unsatisfactory feeling that they are overpaying account those who behave irresponsibly. this even more true for mandatory insurance lines, where the perception responsible and diligent insurance client that they are forced keep paying for others while getting nothing return except legal compliance. moreover, have moved into fully digitalized era, which extremely innovative and promotes new forms and ways doing business, matter the scale. exceptionally large institutions, insurance companies are engaged their stiff bureaucracy and often stay reluctant the emerging needs specific niche segments timely manner they are overly risky for their existing structure. "insurance trillion stubbornly old-fashioned goliath that could significantly reduce the premium prices its scheme would allow operate with lower-risk clients." distributed social proof insurance supply side: insurances insurance service manage risk, representing fundamental block society. its nature, risk averse but the same time, represents complex labor-based business model with workforce increasing gross expenses. the traditional sector run large networks with thousands employees and the vast cost daily operations and binding contracts preventing them from agility. however, many their activities are repetitive redundant without creating value and could easily replaced automated data-driven software and further self-regulating peer-to-peer insurance models. insurance companies should more concerned with timely anticipating solutions the challenges brought about the new digital era, greatly marked blockchain innovation. this respect, key factor the element trust, since can preserve credibility and greatly enhance blockchain-based operations. continuing the theme, insurers play vital role society and their proper function imperative, they are faced with strict capital regulations that demand having more capital reserve than would needed should catastrophic event take place. out concern navigating these complex requirements the traditional insurers lack the agility embrace disruptive technologies and out-of-the-box approaches. many foreign markets that might provide strong growth potential can also hard for newcomers break into due various restrictions including foreign ownership and licenses. insurance companies inability establish personal and periodical relationship with the customers leaves open door for competition and continues reinforce their negative perception. demand side: clients there has not yet been clear shift mindset for insurance providers who still fail recognize they need customer-centric and that the customers today don`t come for specific product but for solution specific risk they face. not everyone who seeks coverage against particular loss faces the same probability also suffering it. usually insures try evaluate both, the risk and probable magnitude order determine the appropriate premium level. the premium then additionally increased with cover transaction costs, commissions and profit. the insurance costs are determined through classification models that segment people into groups sharing similar data, such age, sex, marital status, residence, driving record etc. for each these segments, "one size fit all" model for all members calculated, with little further differentiation. clients experience this tendency year-toyear growth their insurance policies price, matter the size their past claims and history lower-risk behavior. "insuring blockchain business transactions with insurepal represents tremendously big future market and huge opportunity for expansion." distributed social proof insurance market overview according forbes, the insurance sector trillion business worldwide industry that has somehow managed remain largely untouched technological change. close look traditional insurance (e.g. motor line business) company p&l tells that for every premium dollar paid the insurer, comes back policyholders form exaggerated claims and misstated data, whereas the other goes operational costs, commissions and marketing. other words, the insurance could reduce the price the policy the scheme would allow operate with low-risk clients only. non-investment profit admin cost how premium dollars are spent marketing source: insurance: trillion goliath. forbes. agent commissions claims claims adjustment re-insurance fees consequently, new entrants, technologies and business models based shared economy are emerging increasingly rapid pace, leading the projection the decline the global insurance industry. solution, shift responsibility and ownership proposed sustain the profitability and growth. competitive landscape the biggest threats for the insurance industry come the form new entrants, introducing peer-to-peer business models and/or niche products based innovative technology. both the approaches better-serve the increasingly digitized behaviors modern consumers, generating more than billion revenue few recent years. source: insuretech distributed social proof insurance "there are several factors influencing the decision which insurance company one chooses. not just competitive price, but also versatility coverage options, customer service, the element technology and reporting that add the mix." peer-to-peer (pp) the concept peer-to-peer insurance (pp) based the premise that the responsible and diligent people overpay their premiums the expense others, non-responsible, fraudulent. peer-to-peer insurance uses crowdsourcing and social networking create shared insurance experience, getting together through social media, friends and family members. the insurers form groups team and share each other's risks with everyone contributing money insure each other's losses. usually the end the year, the individuals with claims receive cashback reduced premiums for the next period. for insurance the peer-to-peer concept brings lower customer acquisition costs the groups are formed through social networking and crowdsourcing, meaning the role the middlemen not necessary. even more, due the information exchange between members, the insurance can effectively assume responsibility for the peer-to-peer group's risk selection. leveraging social media and other networking technologies the approach creates insurance infrastructure lower expense and builds agile, customer-centric insurance. however, there still gap between the ideology insurance and its scaled execution, preventing the model adapted large majority. "pp insurance risk sharing network where group like-minded individuals pool their premiums together insure against risk. the membership selective, meaning the group's peer pressure reinforces responsibility and helps keeping losses down minimum." insurtech insurtech, portmanteau "insurance" and "technology", are technology-led companies that enter the insurance sector, using technology innovations order optimize the traditional insurance model and create more digitally savvy customer base. explores the avenues that large insurance companies have less incentive exploit, from customized policies using new streams data from internet-enabled devices dynamically price premiums according observed behavior. interestingly, many insurtech companies not own insurance licence and rather address other components the value chain. new insurances that usually don't deal with the challenges this highly regulated industry might face difficulties handle underwriting and manage catastrophic risk. slow and gradual process penetrate the market and become accepted while also confronting different regulatory hurdles. substantial knowledge insurance industry, consumer marketing, social networks and social marketing needed order take full advantage the emerging technologies and the same time creating business model fit the masses. while insurtech firms have not yet made noticeable breakthrough the sector, they are still growing fast and stand win noticeable market share the years come. distributed social proof insurance opportunity stated the pwc report, the most competitive insurance companies should explore the technological improvements better their services. however, this point, surveyed financial services industry personnel are unsure about unlikely respond blockchain technology. they lack the agility and knowledge use blockchain innovation succeed peer-to-peer and mutual markets. the concept peer-to-peer insurance reestablishes the relationship trust with grouping the individuals that together create solidarity fund, whilst the blockchain distributed ledger reduces administration and claim processing costs. insurance reinsurance individual risks are all transfered central node creating low density fragility connects insurance companies increasing density reducing the fragility centralizing risk further increases network density, enabling individual risks spread laterally across peer connections centralized network decentralized network distributed network source: banknxt competitive analysis insurepal friendsurance lemonade metromile time savings front end year (maybe) front save drive less savings amount user chooses, fixed/not user deter- user chooses, mined profitability market reduces claims reduce claims cost does not reduce does not reduce frequency and cost, smaller claims cost claims cost changes behaviour extent uk, eu, usa, asia, germany, australia usa usa insurance broker insurance company mga acquisition drive less worldwide model mga acquisition, platform message con- your friends trust feel good (some sumer you, trust you people) marketing ex- peer-to-peer viral pense classical expensive classical expensive classical expensive marketing less expensive attracting clients with extreme discounts distributed social proof insurance total addressable market lot changes occur finance world today and the young and tech savvy have proven the most interesting crowd when comes adopting them, reports the merkle. they are aware the cryptocurrencies are quickly dethroning traditional investment, and are very eager learn, test and experiment more. for that, they are most likely those that will succeed fully-deploying the blockchain and accept cryptocurrencies and tokenization models the next-generation valid payment methods, the cryptographically bound peer-to-peer-networks are going the defining technologies their lifetime, concludes forbes. primary target, insurepal therefore addresses millennials young and tech savvy crypto enthusiasts, and expands the market potential peer-to-peer model virally reaching their colleagues, parents and even grandparents. total adressable market (tam) trillion market share billion considering the fact that almost all internet users are also active social media, and that there are millions data points exchanged every minute, the potential communicate digitally and achieve viral effect with the end-customers enormous. the understanding target customers' demographics therefore crucial for speaking their language and responding their needs. total population internet users active social media users unique mobile users active mobile social users bilion bilion bilion urbanisation penetration penetration penetration penetration global digital snapshot bilion bilion source: hootsuite global digital statshot distributed social proof insurance target customers: millennials tech-savvy crypto enthusiasts the millennials, also known generation net generation, are those individuals who reached adulthood around the turn the century. they are the first grow completely digital world, meaning they formed their opinions during time rapid technological progress. with similar speed millennials absorb information, connect with brand and choose product. according the guardian, besides flexibility, fairness and tolerance, they most desire for capitalism (which worked well for previous generations) fulfil its promise them. they are also the most underinsured generation today, which makes sense they have fewer assets compared older generations. due their age the insurance companies lack their historical data that serves proof their low-risk behaviour. consequently, the millennials are often obliged pay tremendously high premiums different lines insurance. according recent study pewresearch.org, the millennials will make the workforce and will the most powerful generation shaping purchase decision. successfully gear towards the digital natives who will soon represent the world`s biggest target market the marketing tactics and products need address different set behaviours and experiences and offer personalized, technology-friendly and customer-oriented experience. our target customers, the component virality and power social media play crucial role how they will learn and/or promote the product. they are prone adopting new solutions and are not loyal brands, they can easily change alliances. hence, insurepal fills the gap different insurance provider offering engaging and interactive experience, following the latest trends product differentiation and especially adoption the new, disruptive technology. distributed social proof insurance millennials consumers: digital natives tech savy more likely mac user more interested data mining more interested photoshop more likely interested technology general more likely own iphone more interested file sharing the millennials' affinity for technology reshaping the marketing space and the boundaries between categories begin blur, the consumers longer wish singled out only the basis their income, gender, ethnicity education. insurance industry has failed that, and consequently, insurance companies today are not the most popular; the contrary, besides being perceived boring they are also associated with increasingly high costs. the young and tech savvy are also most likely the generation that will succeed fully-deploying the blockchain and accept cryptocurrencies and tokenization models next-generation valid payment methods the cryptographically bound peer-to-peernetworks are going the defining technologies their lifetime, stated forbes. the component virality and power social media play crucial role how the millennials will learn and/or promote the product. they are prone testing new products and are not loyal brands they can change alliances quickly. hence, insurepal can enter innovative provider offering them engaging and interactive experience, following the latest trends product differentiation and adoption disruptive technology. insurepal: model blockchain technology big data invasive telematics privacy invasions social viral disruptive distributed social proof insurance solution insurepal the idea behind insurance thousand years old method that originated arrangement between small communities knowing each other well, especially merchants who gathered pay insure their goods being shipped together. essence, any loss was personal and participants actively tried avoid letting each other down. bad participants were recognised and excluded from the group, the trust between the participants essential. the principle collected premiums between trusted parties was forgotten throughout the history more and more specialized insurance varieties developed. insurepal adapts the old idea with blockchain innovation fit the needs modern society. social proof psychology "social proof psychological phenomenon influencing people take actions and make decisions differently than they would they had relied solely upon their own judgment. other words, people reference the behavior others guide their own behavior." social proof the influence that the actions and attitudes the people around (either real life online) have our own behavior. the "proof" element the idea that other people are doing it, must correct. among the first who presented the social proof and ranked among universal principles that influence our affirmative behavior was dr. robert cialdini his book the psychology persuasion. described the concept tendency, driven people's natural desire behave "correctly" under most circumstances, almost built our basic moral structure. since, social proof pattern stimulating wanted behaviour has been widely popularized the web and several other studies have re-confirmed that highlighting positive norms works better than pointing out the restrictions. hence, especially social interactions, social proof can help people protect themselves from committing actions that would frowned upon others fall below standard expectation. distributed social proof insurance social proof insurance the mechanism social proof applicable different types the already existing insurance, and the same time enables become pioneers creating niche insurance solutions, brought-about with the blockchain innovation. the business model allows insurepal global platform scale quickly and disrupting both, the traditional and niche segments firstly creating social proof insurance modules for blockchain business transactions and motor car insurance, followed with the development social proof modules for life, health and property segments well. blockchain business transactions motor life health property basic model social proof bespokes the insurance industry the use form financial commitment. insurepal introduces principle third party deductible, combining classical deductible with third party endorsement that works social proof individual insuree. the endorser who financially guarantees for the individual has use its own due diligence when providing the guarantee the risk losing their money. other words, the basic idea the logic behind the insurepal model that every statement backed with financial guarantee immediately gains value and credibility. insurepal model self-regulating hybrid classical insurance and peer-to-peer endorsements blockchain, backed with social proof. avoid any scepticism, insurepal offers limited fee guarantee and variety options ensure one reasonably saves compared traditional policies. through such endorsements and guarantees, the insurance network whole becomes more and more risk aware and consequently induces change people's behavior better. distributed social proof insurance recursive/transitive model the basic insurepal social proof model works third-party deductible. when the third-party makes endorsement, he/she guarantees pay for the deductible case claims. the fact that person prepared give another endorsement with imposed financial obligation, gives that person much greater credibility. the same time, also motivates the insurer act more responsibly, knowing that the financial burden his unwanted behavior will felt directly his/her endorser. the social proof mechanism can applied insured having more than one endorser, too. each new endorser also has their own social proof network, hierarchical social proof virtual network establishes. the event claim, one's first (direct) social proof endorsers pay the most, whereas all indirect connections (secondary, tertiary, etc.) pay exponentially less. for the allowance financially exposed case fault claim, each endorser receives financial incentive insurepal, collected from blockchain transaction fees and insurance premium payments. this extremely relevant improvement the already existing peer-to-peer models. due the social pressure from all insured`s endorsers, the model will promote self-regulation, whereas the endorsers that will not adhere the rules will automatically expelled. such smart peer-to-peer endorsements (and that their peers) will ensure that diligence rewarded collecting the money from the untrustworthy, there will more paid deductibles than awards received. even more, every time endorser involved insurance operation, he/she (namely their node) rated based their diligence, receiving social proof trustscore, factor that tells all the other participating endorsers whether how much one can trust- distributed social proof insurance ed. each node will able decide whether give the endorsement the insured person only their entire social network. the financial incentives will distributed accordingly, promoting recursion and growth the node`s social proof trustscore index. insurepal will introduce the recursive model with careful observation the entire blockchain economy and partnership with arbitrage and identity systems order fully exploit its potential. recursive/transitive deductible $., premium coverage social proof trustscore insurepal social proof network will exponentially expand order allow multiple endorsements and mutual recursion, providing the community with precise insight who endorsing who and for how much. this valuable data will serve for insurepal generate social proof trustscore, factor that will calculate real-time average value directly reflecting who trustworthy make blockchain-made agreements with. distributed social proof insurance insurepal patent its own, social proof methodology not new and concept widely used for marketing different industries. nevertheless, this first time have managed successfully reinvent the insurance industry. for that reason, the innovative approach policy with endorser has been filed for patent protection the united states and worldwide. this gives insurepal unique competitive advantage all the insurances that will want adopt the concept social proof will legally obliged use insurepal platform solution, any other use can considered infringement. http://www.freepatentsonline.com/y/.html "by becoming early adopter blockchain technology, insurepal can gain important competitive advantage whilst improving transparency and outcomes across the entire value chain." distributed social proof insurance roadmap roadmap with investment cliffs insurepal changing the concept insurance know today. due the fact we're disrupting one the state's most regulated industries must commit strictly comply with the requirements regulators spite innovation order preserve the trust all our stakeholders. designing our roadmap, want provide the team with optimum working conditions, are aware the scale and complexity the work that ahead us. set our goals the dot with the commitment deliver our promise due time and thus preserve your trust and our primacy the field insurance the future. founders test the market within their professional market fields discover irregularities. social proof identified potential solution. founders invest close develop the model and web application demo. model calibrated real-market data. calibrated mathematical algorithms confirm the thesis the social proof model brings from and cost reduction, insofar the insurance company operates with lower-risk clients. insurepal founders file for social proof insurance patent protection and worldwide. detailed business plan pitch the idea silicon valley developed. several million investment offered buy-out the idea, but insurepal refuses order develop the direction they envisage. insurepal social-proof insurance methodology, including viability assessment and legal review the project further developed. blockchain identified ideal innovation for peer-to-peer insurance model implementation. several meetings with different crypto think-tanks switzerland, russia, slovenia, occur. insurepal core team assembled. partnership with netis blockchain consultancy made complete the methodology and develop sustainable token model. insurepal team expands with new blockchain and technology experts. the architectural design the platform and its functionalities begins. parallely, the extensive preparations for ico (insurepal token crowdsale) about. january vast motor car insurance module performance, unit and user acceptance testing set motion. ipl token crowdsale the development insurepal platform core and the implementation the blockchain related functionalities begins. simple integration and set-up with core insurance system support insurepal operations occurs. mga insurance licence for market obtained. first, the module for blockchain business transactions developed, and module for motor car insurance follows. insurepal commits informing the community about the progress and begins with its first branding campaign. social proof pilot project ready launched the market, supported with marketing campaign. social proof modules for life and health are ready developed. meanwhile, the preparation for insurepal production platform deployment begins. insurepal starts with extensive legal and regulatory preparations obtain the passport licence. interested third-parties are invited using insurepal social proof modules. improvement and development blockchain transactions insurance module continues. additional functionalities implemented insurepal platform. insurepal platform become "to-go" global social proof insurance. partnership with interested third-parties use insurepal platform gaining strength and further promoted.. implementation claims community handling model begins. distributed social proof insurance proof concept insurepal algorithm severity risk factor calculate premium rates for policyholders, insurances usually use predetermined algorithm based acquired data, their underwriters gauge the risk individual filing claim and claim size. the premiums are based several key indicators which finally dictate the price the policy. during this process everything from predictive behavior social media comprehensive analysis can used verifying proof someone's potential exposure claims. frequency risk factor per driver: frequency_rf >>> >>>> >>>> >>>> >>>> >>>> >>>> >>>> >>>> >>>> >>>> >>>> >>>> identity creation social proof identification token wallet creation insurance policy administration claims filing and management integration with insurance core system manage all insurance administration integration with credit card payment system and banking payment system finding social endorsers giving social endorsements make payments take photos and claim damages communicate with insurepal supporters and community enable access social proof trustscore scoring rating business business (bb) the insurepal platform will act global provider various insurance modules based social proof mechanics. that way all interested third-parties will able use the platform stand-alone providers their country level paying predetermined fee (to yet established) and growing their businesses re-selling social proof insurances. party insurance party telco party retail end user fee insurepal platform blockchain layer insurepal platform (ethereum smart contracts) module layer social proof modules for different isnurance segments concept layer insurepal patent distributed social proof insurance internet insurance are certain that underwriting technology will play significant role across the insurance value chain from acquiring clients, recording their requirements through the processing and adjudication their claims with quicker turnaround reducing recovery risks. thereby, have thoroughly considered each development step fully comply with regulatory demands and local jurisdiction and came with solution roadmap that will allow our users moderate transition fully tokenized model and the same time ensure the highest level safety, preserving the trust all stakeholder. that way, insurepal will lead the clients (bb and bc) fully decentralized service step step and the same time serve sample case how conduct insurance, harnessing the power blockchain technology. upon taking this approach, regulatory challenges will excluded the claims reserve will collected and stored fiat currency until can ensure with certainty the stability the proposed model and crypto currency the regulator. moderate transition into fully tokenized service will ensure the highest level quality, preserve the trust all stakeholders and intuitively lead the clients new, decentralized internet insurance." insurepal dapp(s) party insurance party telco insurepal api insurepal platform insurepal smart contract party retail bb, facebook, mail, twitter, payment services, jaxx ... insurepal service bus party apps finance accounting insurance core ethereum blockchain network fiat exchange service buy/sell exchange (smartcontract) exchange payment processor(s) ipfs distributed social proof insurance underlying technology android react ios java node.js web driver ipfs api ethereum blockchain distributed storage blockchain distributed ledger insurepal dapps and smart contracts will build top ethereum next-generation smart contract and decentralized application platform). ethereum blockchain insurepal first choice due its widespread acceptance within the blockchain community, carrying great future potential for our platform's scalability, flexibility and versatility the long run. front-end/ui all web and mobile applications supporting end-users and insurepal business operations will build upon most reliable and innovative technologies this date e.g. react (front-end) and node.js, combined with java (back-end). are dedicated put ergonomics and user experience (ux) top our priorities when building user-face applications. the dapps development will user-centric keeping "mobile-first" approach and responsive design mind, taking into account corresponding applications for android and ios systems well. important notice: web pilot demonstrating the handling processes from acquiring client and their policy them taking documents photos and inviting the endorsers via social networks and cashing-in discounts already operational and place poc (proof concept) application. back-end/business logic back-end (insurepal business logic) will require mixture node.js and java technologies, depending specific use cases. server business logic supporting react-built mobile and web interfaces will use node.js for its realization. both, react and node.js are proven fast, reliable and lightweight when combined. the more demanding business logic and complex implementations advanced variable business rules will handled java technology. distributed social proof insurance storage the insurepal platform will eventually migrate ipfs distributed storage layer perfect match blockchain network, ensuring fast and reliable storage e.g. documents and media files reporting loss cases, digitalized repository for insurance policies, scanned ids and endorsement letters etc. the meantime, the storage layer will handled classic manner using combination relational and/or nosql databases, all depending the transactions volume growth. integration layer modular and flexible integration layer will include service bus for in-platform integrations with insurance core systems. open api and restfull services will used enable quick scalability insurepal social proof model with third-party providers (bb). blockchain ledger integration will done via currently available and tested libraries e.g. webj webjs for (business logic for blockchain ledger integration), java-ipfs-api (ipfs integration) and json/rest (social media and payment services). due the fact the blockchain-related technologies rapidly advance, reserve the right replace any the mentioned services with more suitable solution. distributed social proof insurance ipl token insurepal (ipl) token insurepal token (ipl) will the fuel insurepal platform used clients and insurepal third-party business partners worldwide. for each new insurance premium conducted via insurepal platform, the ipl token will used. tokenizing property will allow insurepal uniquely identify insurance assets and transform the information other types businesses via digital record, containing information about one's social proof. insurepal platform will use different means incentivize participants use and tokens will listed different exchanges simplify the trading process and make the token available broad audience. ipl token for insurance blockchain business transactions the insurance blockchain business transactions with social proof will done ipl tokens solely, meaning that the client will have purchase the premium with ipl tokens. for each their endorsers, the incentive will have paid ipl tokens well, whereas their guarantee can done ipl lock-in differently (with the use credit card, credit note etc.). even more, all fees coming from the side possible participating insurance companies and other third-parties will have paid with ipl tokens well. for that, this kind insurance transactions will greatly grow the insurepal liquidity pool and importantly improve the trust and flow blockchain business transactions. ipl token insurance premium discount receive the insurepal insurance, clients will asked take and upload photo their existing insurance policy. the insurepal will then calculate and offer each client discount, proportionate the size their endorsers` guarantee. this way, every client will receive specific number tokens, representing the exact amount their estimated discount according current market value. the first phase, the client will also able opt out for the cash discount the form lower premium price. this case, the cash discount will account for approximately less than the value the estimated token discount. ipl token upfront incentive for each new social proof guarantee, the endorser will receive guarantee premium/ reward local fiat currency ipl tokens. the endorser will able sell the ipl tokens immediately speculate and wait for even higher market value save them buy insurance policy the future. ipl credit score and social proof score social proof endorsers will able make the guarantee with the credit card via smart contract. their social proof guarantee will consist relevant information the client (the insurance holder) and will serve them credit report. several endorsers will guarantee for the same person, their credit score will proportionally increase value. parallel token transactions, these information will stored the general ledger being partially encrypted and partially public. the encrypted part will only disclosed publically its holder approves. distributed social proof insurance ipl social proof identity the clients holding ipl will able identify themselves within the insurepal community. even more, the long run they will able sell their own social proof guarantee without revealing their identity institutions reinsurers order get the guarantee and proportionate share their insurance premium. ipl for claims adjustment the future, the insurepal may appoint some members their insurepal community process and report the claims, service that will have financial incentive. claims which beyond agreed threshold (exact amount decided) will decided professional claims adjusters who will report their recommendations insurepal before informing the client. essence, there insurance company involvement everything settled the community the bases blockchain and smart contracts. ipl liquidity pool discount conversion tokens will incentivised, therefore insurepal will have convert significant percentage (from for classical insurance segments and, for blockchain business transactions insurance) each new premium into ipl tokens and give the tokens back insurepal clients and their social proof endorsers. guarantee/endorser insured person ipl upfront bonus incentive (for endorser) ipl token/credit card guarantee ipl token/credit card down payment insurance liquidity pool continue, all third-party businesses (eg. retailers, telecoms etc.) selling their social proof insurance products via insurepal platform will obliged use ipl tokens and trade with them exchanges. the adoption insurepal social proof model will make obligatory for third-parties embed their client` social proof data insurepal platform. any fees for using insurepal social proof insurance platform will have paid ipl tokens well. selling more and more new policies, there will more and more demand for tokens, creating solid liquidity pool for exchanging tokens fiat and vice versa, supporting the growth ipl token price. insurepal model guarantees high liquidity ipl distributed social proof insurance tokens, enabling the token holders sell their tokens any time. case big ipl token price growth special token split/denomination processes will set motion. the estimate that not all the acquired tokens will sold immediately, meaning the demand will always higher than the supply. line with the mass adoption cryptocurrencies, the demand and usability ipl token will grow and consequently, ipl will become go-to currency arising alternate insurance industry. the tokens will bought solely exchanges from other token holders. ipl token crowdsale the issuance the ipl tokens will controlled smart contract deployed ethereum network. the token will conform the erc standard. the minimum target for the crowdsale set ether equivalent million while the hard cap will set million total. base token price upon the launch the crowdsale will set $.. insurepal doesn't support uncapped token crowdsales are able provide estimate how big investment need achieve our business goal. furthermore, uncapped token crowdsales turned out harmful for the tokenized economy they are often driven greed, taking advantage the hype. for that, insurepal token crowdsale will processed automatically and security measure for the contributors will included. the minimum goal not reached, insurepal will not able access the funds, and participating contributors will get full refund. this measure adequately protects the contributors and eliminates the need for escrow. the same time, are committed deliver our features comprehensively possible, which why made insurepal platform and its technical development priority our operations. total million non-mineable ipl tokens will issued during the ipl token crowdsale. contributions will made available eth (ethereum) only. each eth contributed for the entire duration the ipl token crowdsale will entitle the contributor approx. ipl tokens (the exact amount calculated and determined january depending the then value eth). role token utility token supply distributed the crowvdsale ipl symbol/ticker ipl decimals initial value blockchain ethereum distributed social proof insurance the eth/usd exchange rate will locked based the market exchange rate january and shall remain valid for the entire time the ipl token crowdsale. the process token crowdsale will open for days with the intention close early. the token distribution stated above simplification and does not mean that natural persons are getting this tokens. some tokens will distributed natural persons and some tokens other legal entities legal entities are entering the insurepal project. ipl token distribution out million ipl tokens: >>>> ipl tokens (%) will distributed the contributors the ipl token crowdsale; and >>>> ipl tokens (%) will distributed the founders and team; >>>> ipl tokens (%) will distributed the advisors and ambassadors; and >>>> ipl tokens (%) are intended for incentives for users contributors insurepal platform. the smart contract will generate ipl tokens immediately upon receiving eth its address. due time, after the token crowdsale reaches its hard cap closes after days, whichever occurs first, the ipl tokens will released the contributors and insurepal ag, according the split outlined above. each eth contributed will generate corresponding number ipl tokens (approx. ipl tokens for the contributor, plus potential bonuses and corresponding amount ipl tokens distributed insurepal ltd). bonus will allocated to: >>>> contributors who contribute within hours the insurepal token crowdsale launch; >>>> contributors who contribute over eth. please note: each contributor cannot receive bonus excess (even they contribute within hours the ipl token crowdsale launch with more than eth). other bonus any kind nature will offered subsequently. distributed social proof insurance insurepal however reserves the right introduce ipl token pre-crowdsale contribution period (by invitation only), where the bonus discount for the exclusive duration the ipl token pre-crowdsale contribution period may (at the discretion insurepal ag). ipl tokens, based the funds raised during the ipl token pre-crowdsale contribution period, will generated and distributed several hours prior the start the official ipl token crowdsale. the ipl tokens distributed during the token pre-crowdsale contribution period will not exceed all the available ipl tokens assigned the contributors (with other words, during the ipl token pre-crowdsale not more than ipl tokens out ipl tokens will distributed). all the investors the pre-crowdsale will whitelisted. case the ipl token crowdsale not successful (i.e. case less than equivalent million contributed), all contributed funds will returned the contributors. the ownership the ipl token does not include the right to: >>>> >>>> >>>> >>>> >>>> ownership the company ownership the company's intellectual property ownership the service's profits the service participate decision making, unless options are put voting token holders the insurepal founding team has complete control over the strategy well dayto-day decision making. the insurepal owns all intellectual property the service, which includes: >>>> >>>> >>>> >>>> >>>> insurepal brand name and domain insurepal patent insurepal source code the website insurepal platform algorithm database(s) distributed social proof insurance milestones the funds raised ipl crowdfunding will distributed the following manner: phase million *if the goal not reached, the funds are returned. insurepal platform: platform core blockchain integration (ethereum) social proof endorsement scheme modules social-proof for blockchain business transactions and for motor car insurance light insurance core integration usage worldwide patent filing completion and worldwide patent protection phase million insurepal platform: -additional modules: property, casualty, life, health -full insurance core integration and usage within the system -integration other, third parties payment/fee structure phase million motor car insurance pilot development: -mga insurance licence -outsourced claims -pr marketing campaign -legal compliances -celebrity endorsement -team cost eu: -eu motor car passport license erp system implementation and integration global: -pr marketing campaign(s) -legal compliance distributed social proof insurance team team founders matt peterman co-founder insurepal ceo has been insurance business and venture capital for over years, working executive and business developer for insurance fraud detection company salviol ltd for the last three years. with his help, the company acquired several blue chip insurance clients with leading position france and portugal. before, worked with different private equity companies investing and helping them grow. has made several successful exits, including one ipo. tom volk co-founder tom leader, experienced director and cosmopolitan who actively speaks languages with educational background physics, from which received several awards. has founded and currently co-managing adacta group. under his leadership, the company bootstrapped eur million annual revenue and grown network more than professionals different countries whilst developing proprietary insurance core system widely used european and russian insurances. executive managing team thomas manson chief insurance officer financial services and investment professional and prominent member the lloyd's syndicate with over years experience eastern europe and the former soviet union. renowned public speaker and lecturer advising strategy and business tactics. adam parker chief marketing officer (cmo) passionate brand-builder, innovator, and commercial leader with track record accelerated growth consumer-goods businesses. procter gamble, led startup and billion-dollar brands the and internationally. alexander solomonov business development russia experienced financial services professional and renowned public speaker, deeply involved developing and promoting new solutions and other know-hows financial industry, mainly oriented insurance sector. distributed social proof insurance robert kovacic chief compliance officer experienced tax advisor, exercising sound judgement and risk managing with more than decade working experience. specialized corporate and personal income tax, cross border taxation and transactional taxation. daniel bieusz general legal counsel practicing law zurich, with extensive experiences with finma and fnm (swiss and liechtenstein financial market supervisors). last two years has been actively involved blockchain legal advisor. maxim streltses chief financial officer previously worked with pairstech, oppenheimer and ubs advising high-net-worth institutional clients and managing portfolios. dedicated professional with strong track record investment and financial risk management. distributed social proof insurance advisors charlie shrem peter moricz business development strategy advisor connector advisor for the blockchain economy bitcoin pioneer. social economist and digital currency trader. his work this field legendary. the dawn the crypto era, founded bitinstant, the first and largest bitcoin company. founded the bitcoin foundation and serve its vice chairman. short, the ultimate insider the epicenter the cypto universe. strategy advisor the blockchain and regtech sector, conuseling numerous successful icos, including viberate. with background compliance and risk management, peter has over years comprehensive experience derivative trading and investment strategies. tomislav mucic corey cohen senion blockchain consultant marketing specialist pioneer blockchain with decades experience security and project development. true blockchain advocate focuses the architectural design and implementation global protocols that will lay the grounding foundation for the future business. experienced co-founder/operator adjector llp with demonstrated history working the online media industry. strong entrepreneurship professional skilled seo, customer acquisition, e-commerce, digital marketing and data monetization. euan king damian arnold senior insurance expert insurance operations expert former ceo insure, global provider software-led solutions insurers for policy management, claims management and analytics (owned the carlyle group). prior this, was instrumental the successful expansion innovation group (ftse:tig) the market. previous coo direct line (lon:dlg), which time oversaw the eur million sale mapfre (bme: map) overall has years' track record transforming business performance and enhancing value both, insurance and technology sectors. andrej plankar matjaz rakovec blockchain business chief operation officer (coo) consultant prolific entrepreneur and blockchain evangelist, dedicated cryptocurrency and technology innovation. sees blockchain the new digital alphabet that will rock the business world. has more than years experience the insurance industry, most recently the ceo triglav, adriatic region's largest insurance group with eur billion net written premiums. has been awarded the accolade financial manager the year and and currently the president slovene ice hockey association. distributed social proof insurance blockchain team netis group communications tomaz furlan tanja bivic blockchain and crowdsale communications project manager consultant rare example expert successfully translating ict into business language. visionary with entrepreneurial mindset and outstanding knowledge the fields project management, planning and management. tanja has years experience communications management, working editor-in-chief slovenia`s national tv. she`s providing strategic counsel and leadership key stakeholders, directing them relevant messaging and positioning within the crypto community. holds social work degree. melita gulja sebastjan pirih communications specialist digital marketing consultant content creator digital native with years agency experience public relations and content communications projects. she excellent developing and executing corporate strategy whilst manage messaging help building and supporting company's unique voice and reputation. with strong focus, strategic mindset and creative talent outstanding developing out-of-the-box digital approaches the fields content marketing, social media and creative digital communications. igor zgonc rok kunej blockchain business communications and marketing consultant specialist igor result-driven professional with exceptional entrepreneurial spirit and in-dept knowledge blockchain and crypto market. his company silver bullet risk developing innovative risk management solutions and consulting corporations ways achieve higher goals whilst reducing costs. rok skilled wordsmith, disrupting digital communications various roles for more than years. his deep understanding digital channels makes his messages delivered time and line with the user's expectations. matjaz sircelj community manager communicator, digital and social media strategist, consultant and public speaker with two decades experience tech companies and advertising agencies. freelancer consulting international brands, organizing conferences and local entrepreneurial events. distributed social proof insurance development jernej srebrnic tomaz vodisek lead blockchain software architect full-stack lead developer jernej software engineer, architect and developer with more than years experience and bsc degree. master java ee, lately focused exploring blockchain technologies. full-stack java developer with over decade experience developing business critical solutions the fields telecommunications and healthcare. blockchain and dapps development are next milestones his professional career. grega stritar blaz blokar software developer, ceo neolab blockchain developer software architect, entrepreneur and blogger with masters information sciences. the ceo software studio neolab, developing custom business solutions and business intelligence projects for various clients. young and promising developer, extremely passionate about blockchain and crypto related technologies. blockchain and lynux sys admin, capable handling challenging setup, configuration and system maintenance key components the chain. spela novsak sebastjan dimnik full-stack developer project management spela full stack developer, capable developing complex business logic and back end code, but with great affinity for front end development well. spela holds bsc degree from the faculty informatics and computer science the university ljubljana. when she not coding she teach kids ballet. sebastjan energetic and motivated professional with experience ux, business digitalization and project management. result-driven team-player, building collaborative relationships whilst demonstrating responsible leadership. larissa bobkova lagudin and web developer besides having vast experience programming and planning digital systems, websites information architecture and applications, larissa expert digital marketing, consulting planning, design, and implementation digital solutions and training users. support team: besides the listed team members the project backed strong and unified team business analysts, pm's and developers, all together counting more than individuals. distributed social proof insurance risks and disclaimers this whitepaper has been prepared insurepal for the sole purpose assisting prospective participants deciding whether participate the insurepal token. emphasize that this open-source initiative where everyone makes the decision independently. further note, that financial information contained the whitepaper and accompanying materials unaudited. the projections contained herein and the accompanying materials are based certain assumptions. assurance can given that these assumptions will prove correct, and, accordingly, assurance can given that actual results will conform the projected results. insurepal, the management and the development teams the project, expressly disclaim any responsibility for ensuring the accuracy completeness the information contained herein and the accompanying materials. accordingly, neither us, nor any other individuals entity, nor any our affiliates, representatives advisors will subject any liability for any inaccuracies any omissions from materials contained herein the accompanying materials any other oral written information provided with respect the insurepal token and express implied representations warranties will deemed have been made with respect the whitepaper any other matters. neither the project management and core development teams, nor insurepal ag, nor any affiliates, representatives advisors are under any obligation update, supplement correct this whitepaper accompanying materials any respect, otherwise provide any recipient reviewer these materials with access any additional information. addition, the project management and core development teams, insurepal and the development teams reserve the right, without prior notice any reviewer recipient this whitepaper any accompanying materials, terminate, any time, further participation until tokens are generated, reserve the right modify any applicable procedures, without giving advance notice thereof and without providing any reason therefor. emphasize the strongest possible terms that insurepal token does not represent ownership security interest insurepal any other entity. nor insurepal token related any other assets properties. the token does not represent debt owed the foundation any other entity, and shall not considered debenture. you determine that insurepal tokens may constitute security subject regulations any country, strongly advise you not acquire them and suggest you immediately notify any possible risks. addition, feel compelled advise you the following risks, and indicate that these and additional risk need factored your decision. token value risks due the very short history crypto tokens and crypto-economic systems, there are several challenges that token holders face when trying value these projects and underlying tokens. the short history crypto tokens has generally shown even shorter lifespan many the projects. this especially true because projects present big principal-agent problem. this different than startup that usually raises money series different rounds over several years. second, there some level systemic risk associated with the crypto markets that cannot really diversified away. the industry too nascent for that. therefore token-holders take both project-specific risk and market risk when they acquire tokens specific sector the systemic risk very hard predict, due the short time span, and unique the industry. everything from hard forks new crypto attacks are source systemic risk that traditional investments don't suffer from. many projects are interdependent, which causes dependency risk projects. for example, crypto project built ethereum will affected things happening ethereum, like bug found compiler, attack the ethereum network. distributed social proof insurance and further, layers the ecosystem build up, this dependency risk deepens. regulatory risks generally, the development blockchain tokens continues enable new business models, new legal issues come into focus. for developers, legal and regulatory uncertainty can one the main barriers building new blockchain protocols and applications. emphasize the strongest possible way that insurepal tokens not represent ownership security interest over any entity assets property. they not represent debt owed any entity and shall not considered debenture under any applicable law. for these reasons that believe that our tokens are not securities and may purchased anyone. you determine that our tokens may constitute securities subject regulation any country, strongly advise you from acquiring them and suggest you immediately notify the possible risks. distributed social proof insurance