webdollar cryptocurrency native the world wide web whitepaper draft alexandru ionut budisteanu webdollar.io github/webdollar abstract webdollar (webd) browser-based peer-to-peer cryptocurrency that aims significantly increase the worldwide adoption decentralized currencies. webdollar offers the possibility send and receive payments online any browser, directly from one party another, without going through financial institution, while the confirmations these transactions are secure the blockchain without passing them through potential vulnerable channels like web server rpc intermediary btc. cryptocurrencies have been very technical, requiring the installation specific terminal applications for running nodes and mining, downloading the entire blockchain before starting mine, and dedicated wallet software. solve the worldwide adoption challenge, webdollar focuses three core advantages: simplicity offering intuitive and non-technical user experience, addressing more than just it-savvy crypto-enthusiasts, but also the common citizens. lightness webdollar introduces trustless light node the blockchain for mining and verifying transactions without requiring download the entire blockchain history from genesis, but only the hardest proofs and blocks that distinguish attackers honest nodes (miners) who keep the correct blockchain. this breakthrough light version the blockchain called non-interactive proofs proofs work (nipopow) and was proposed some researchers. ease integration with the web integrating electronic crypto payments represent difficult challenge for web developers because the moment web applications have communicate with internet protocol that not native the browser the http layer. most web and mobile apps validate transactions communicating with intermediary web server (rest) that runs full node and communicates blockchain results through json rpc websockets opening the apps new security risks. browser (web) peer-to-peer solution would simplify the usage the entire cryptocurrency system because everything (wallets, blockchain, transactions, payments, api) are handled javascript trustless running every browser, node.js, and os. such, every browser the world can run and connect light node the entire webdollar blockchain network trustless seconds ii) mine instantly iii) open referral pools iv) store digital wallets browser iv) send and confirm payments. webdollar.io github/webdollar brief history money and cryptocurrencies: evolution, devolution, and revolution money responds primarily the need for indirect exchange. this need natural and emerges immediately economy grows past the most basic levels. soon the nexus exchanges becomes greater than few families and types goods exchanged, the problems non-coincidence wants and indivisibility directly exchanged goods become significant. when two individuals want exchange two goods and have one the aforementioned problems, third good the solution. the exchange becomes two-step process instead one-step process. first, you buy intermediary good with the good you want sell. then you exchange some the intermediary good (or medium exchange) for the good you want buy, now later. conceptually and historically, can see and understand how society selected money out the goods already produced. medium exchange that selected for its marketability out other means exchange and becomes accepted virtually all exchanges and for all goods can finally called money. what money can offer that less adopted means exchange cannot social calculability. this detail tremendous importance. when there constellation prices obtained facto exchanges intermediated type money, possible for people start thinking entrepreneurially terms that money and the possibilities for complex businesses are open. this generalized adoption process accompanied gradual increase the purchasing power money because more and more people demand for its monetary services until virtually everybody has some stock. there was long process selection out which the precious metals gold and silver were singled out for their qualities being easily standardized, checked for authenticity, divisible, fungible, relatively scarce sand has all the other qualities and, not take humans for less the emotional beings that they are, for their sound and esthetics precious metals are traditionally called sound money for this reason. commodity money was the money the free market. precious metals were extracted and minted merchants local rulers their effort establish their brands and gain wider circulation competitive process. later, was merchants and bankers that started issuing money substitutes such deposit certificates and banknotes help with long distance payments, clearing, safekeeping, and divisibility. parallel this evolution there was devolution money. the state has always hijacked, usurped and destroyed for its own interest what the market produced the interest people. happened with money, too. the king's monopoly minting, the royal branding coins, debasement, legal tender, exchange rate controls, fractional reserve banking, fiduciary substitutes and finally fiat money without any backing are all poisoned fruits this devolution. the juxtaposition the dire state money and banking, the one hand, and the technological advancements the internet, the other hand, prompted revolutionary webdollar.io github/webdollar step. the breakthrough came when anonymous programmer, known satoshi nakamoto, proposed new peer-to-peer proof-of-work blockchain coin []. the benefits include decentralization, anonymity, finite supply and matured blockchain infrastructure. the solidity the currency created stood the test time the last year, and despite few forks, bad reputation (unjustly associated with the dark web), and seeing wild fluctuations value, managed not only thrive but also provide model for host other cryptocurrencies that have followed. january there are over cryptocurrencies valued total market capitalization billion usd. unlike conventional currency, cryptocurrencies are not controlled/regulated authority, their value determined entirely the market. they are also impossible counterfeit thanks the complicated mathematical models that encrypt transactions with digital signatures, ensuring privacy and security for every user. the time writing this white paper, bitcoin the historical value usd, while the market capital value reaching the psychological value billion usd. however, put those numbers the context the world financial system, they seem meager the entire bitcoin capitalization just the total financial value the world. add all the other cryptocurrencies the mix, barely get the world total. this partly due the fact that cryptocurrencies are still fringe and technical topic, requiring specialized knowledge from their users. the usage cryptocurrencies very limited and this excludes the older generations and the less it-literate people. webdollar aims tackle this issue creating the world's first browser cryptocurrency, where mining, wallets, transactions and other features are all browser-based, providing level simplicity never achieved before. web blockchain bitcoin not web application, but desktop software that you have download and install your computer order run the bitcoin node connecting the network. without the internet, bitcoin can't used, but the same time bitcoin not www/web http application that runs the browser and requires one download the entire blockchain history that raw data. all these disadvantages make bitcoin hard integrated into real-life web applications for electronic payments. difficult development applications for bitcoin stopping bitcoin from reaching massive adoption the general public. bitcoin and all the altcoins to-date are still very hard use the mainstream. order mine bitcoin check transaction, you have manually install the full node software, which desktop software application; install your terminal, configure your miner pool (for mining) and then you need download the entire blockchain history (gb respectively for ethereum). webdollar's solution, convert the desktop blockchain software into web application, together with simple ui, devoid technical terms, will make the blockchain accessible everybody. research paper proposed aggelos, andrew and dionysis proposes new blockchain architecture called non-interactive proofs proofs work introducing webdollar.io github/webdollar interlinks pointers making the webdollar very light and the same time trustless. getting rid the necessity download the full blockchain also allows for smaller, portable devices used for mining, such tablets and smartphones, whose vast processing power lays mostly dormant. making the blockchain available single click the browser, the world wide web, will boost the mass-adoption individuals and disrupt current blockchain applications, making them real-time, and easy develop the world. webdollar web blockchain protocol allowing transactions directly browsers. include the webdollar library web page, you just need write one line: then, your website, with just single click, can mine, have wallets, send payments, check the balance etc. directly the browser, trustless using the nipopow light blockchain. include the webdollar user interface web page, you just need write one line: then, automatically your website will have the entire user interface functionality mine webdollars, verify transactions, send transactions, buy-sell webd, etc. the web scalable, while the desktop not. for mirc, took years get traction, and eventually, became obsolete because was desktop software that used the internet,while facebook messenger web application that runs online and easy use anywhere, any device. webdollar.io github/webdollar webdollar protocol solution this webdollar white paper proposes mini-blockchain scheme combined with light trustless blockchain based the non-interactive proofs proofs work [], and peer-to-peer scalable solution javascript that works directly any web browser using webrtc and websockets for signaling only. mining webdollar mining pools light nodes that use nipopow proofs verify proving the authenticity the last blocks without relying trusted party. the mining pools will have synchronize the main network every time they start operating their mining pool. mining nodes receive tasks new proposed serialized blocks mine from the mining pools light nodes). they just generate tons nonces and apply the pow hash function see the blocks' nonce respect the mining global target (difficulty) (block nonce) arget the mining pools manage and receive the puzzles generate the next blocks. peer-to-peer directly the browser for security reasons, even the year the websocket server not allowed initiated listen incoming connections any browser. moreover, the firewalls and routers make opening listening servers difficult challenge solve namely most machines will need use either stun (session traversal user datagram protocol) turn (traversal using relays around nat) connect each other directly case one them has symmetric nat. the only solution listen other connections the browser use the newly introduced peer-to-peer webrtc protocol alongside simple signaling protocol and list public stun/turn servers. peer-to-peer protocols for online payments couldn't done directly the browsers before the introduction webrtc protocol first introduction chrome) and their adoption other browsers (internet explorer and safari when satoshi proposed the bitcoin blockchain, was totally impossible enable browsers support peer-to-peer communication and now bitcoin cannot used directly the browser. signaling protocol facilitating webrtc peer-to-peer protocol work webrtc protocol establish peer-to-peer connections between two browsers requires that the two browsers connect first common signaling server for acknowledging (signaling) each other. webdollar proposing new solution this requirement making special compiled bundle called the "webdollar-protocol", that runs also the node.js servers. this bundle can open websocket server directly the terminal facilitating the browsers connect each other. after the signaling process done and the webrtc connection established between the two browsers, each peer will also become signaling server for the other web peers webdollar.io github/webdollar connected them order propagate. this will maximize the number webrtc peer-to-peer connections the browser. webdollar peer-to-peer protocol for using webrtc web blockchain facilitating for symmetric nat webrtc protocol has use stun and turn ice servers allow browsers generate ice candidates connecting the browsers each others because otherwise, wouldn't possible identify themselves automatically. here list with some computers connected through socket.io (client:), while the others (webpeer and webpeer) are using webrtc. some computers couldn't connect because turn ice server was provided. webdollar.io github/webdollar javascript the webdollar was developed ecmascript using babel and browserify, were able transpile the library into pure javascript bundle that can executed every modern browser the world. javascript enables every mobile, tablet, laptop, computer the world execute the blockchain library directly the browser with just one click for wallets, transactions, balance check, blockchain (full node), mining, and other applications. mini blockchain for accountant tree blockchain bitcoin using blockchain data structure order keep track all the transactions done the system involving valid bitcoin transfers []. the blockchain introduces the notation transaction, but doesn't have any specific notation for balance. merkle trees are built order keep public ledger all the previous transactions validating them and allowing spv (simple payment verification). the balance address done processing the merkle trees find and validate previous transactions associated with that specific address. this way, the balance address calculated every time when requested order validate the funds specific transaction. calculate the balance, the blockchain system requires have the entire blockchain downloaded and stored the drive and then for each transaction needs track down all the previous transactions involving the requested address, and on. this leads having access the same multiple blocks many times and check multiple merkle trees order calculate simple balance. webdollar.io github/webdollar the above diagram shows the proposed solution satoshi's blockchain concept and sample merkle tree that contains the hashes couple transactions. the challenge that comes with blockchain that over time, the size the blockchain increases exponentially due the fact that blockchains accept micropayments and each these transactions requires merkle trees which are also large data. for example, after just years, bitcoin blockchain size data, while ethereum data and they are still growing. because aim run the blockchain the browser, only full nodes (but not miners and light nodes) will have download the entire blockchain data, which will further promote webdollar viable solution for mass adoption the general public. mini blockchain scheme mini blockchain scheme different implementation blockchain solution that "eliminates" the concept unspent output transactions and introduces new concept balance. the mini blockchain scheme introduces new data structure called accountant tree order keep track balances all non-zero addresses. the accountant tree just radix (patricia) tree storing the balances for all non-zero addresses. so, instead storing the transactions and merkle tree transactions, the mini blockchain scheme stores radix (patricia) tree for the balances all non-zero addresses. radix (patricia) trees must combined with merkle tree allow spv (simple payment verification) for ultra-light nodes, that will only download the nipopow proofs and just logarithmic number hashes order validate balance validate smart contract. ethereum the most known blockchain technology that uses radix (patricia) merkle trees. webdollar.io github/webdollar the blocks the mini blockchain scheme contains header hashes for validations (like the normal blockchain scheme) and instead transactions, the blocks contain the changes that must done the accountant tree and the new hashes. pruning can also done after long period time when the mini-blockchain ensures safety prune very old blocks, but keeping long not-pruned blockchain. pruning the very old blocks, this will mean that some transactions can discarded maximizing little bit the anonymity the addresses. webdollar.io github/webdollar non interactive proofs proof work non interactive proofs proof work proposed aggelos kiayias, andrew miller, and dionysis zindros []. webdollar has two types nodes: full nodes (trustless nodes) have complete snapshot the blockchain (or the last blocks from the blockchain, where could year years), and they are required used the webrtc signaling process connect two browsers each others. term the name provers the full-nodes that are able generate nipopow proofs used the light nodes. light nodes (trustless nodes) receive the nipopow proofs from multiple provers and identify the honest nodes from attackers verifying the proofs and determine the most difficult and valid proofs given from all nodes. light nodes are known also verifiers. the first notion introduced nipopow that they extends the satoshi's blocks with new data structure called interlinks, vector containing pointers multiple previous blocks, including the hash the previous block. the interlink data structure contains pointers more blocks than just the previous block []. so, every block instead pointing only the previous block, the nipopow interlinks vector points some previous blocks with the property that algorithm presented can trace back the genesis block. given two hash functions and modelled random oracles, the hash known also block defined hash(block) h(nonce, block data interlink)) webdollar, and are proposed argond asic resistant and gpu not very friendly. valid blocks satisfy the proof-of-work condition: hash(block) are also )-superblocks. convention, for gen set hash and graphical depiction interlink levels data structure stored each block webdollar.io github/webdollar describe the security properties the blockchains that are equipped with the newly introduced interlink data structure, few new concept chain quality, inspired the definition this property called superchain quality were introduced. (locally good superchain). superchain level with underlying chain said u-locally-good with respect security parameter defined follows: local oodd u), |c| where |c| length (superchain super quality). the (d, super quality property chain pertaining level with security parameters and states that for all holds the following property. that is, all sufficiently large suffixes are locally good. local oodd (c|u [-m' c|u [-m' where, upchain defined level(b) '|c downchain defined [-] (multilevel quality). u-superchain said have multilevel quality, written multi oodd,k (c, with respect underlying chain c'| with security parameters for all then u-u' |u' case will not have the last property, then multilevel quality will not exist. (good superchain). u-superchain said good, written goodd,k (c, with respect underlying chain has both super quality and multilevel quality with parameters (d, nipopow verified algorithm for light nodes light node verifier full node prover the verifier starts connect the main network made provers and attackers noted via sockets and webrtc thee verifier starts ask the provers other light nodes for the nipopow proofs (p, kh) where the proof and last blocks the verifier collects the nipopow proofs (p, kh) and starts validating the proofs and will choose the that compares two different proofs and webdollar.io github/webdollar operator compares two proofs and returns which underlying blockchain longer from rovera from roverb >=m best arg (pa lca(pa best arg (pb lca(pa where lca(pa (pa )[-] best arg (p, maxum p|u where |p|u nipopow prover algorithm for full nodes the prover connects light node that may require nipopow proof (p, kh) and case already has the (p, kh) proof, will just send the light node. case doesn't have (p, kh) already calculated, will just generate the (p, kh) the following steps. takes u-superchain and the last blocks filling range blocks with blocks from the superchain level below that respects the goodd,m property, namely ultilevel quality and uperchain super quality all the u-superblocks which are within this blocks range will also )-superblocks and not want keep them the proof twice webdollar.io github/webdollar webdollar transaction the initial webdollar transactions will enable the moving funds from one address unlimited number output addresses. the input webdollar transaction just one address, while the output can multiple output addresses. the transaction must signed using elliptic curve algorithm elliptic curve digital signature algorithm (ecdsa). webdollar test net used the secpk elliptic curve used the original bitcoin implementation other remarkable ecdsa includes schnorr signatures that agrees group prime order with generator which the discrete logarithm problem assumed hard crack current computers (but not quantum computers). schnorr signature hash function hybrid mining webdollar the first browser hybrid mining with special mining design which composed with different mining algorithms. webdollar's hybrid algorithm includes .()% proof-of-work .()% proof-of-stake which increasing the security the network, especially avoid attacks. using two different difficulty targets, one for webdollar.io github/webdollar pos and one for pow, this algorithm decreasing the exposing risk for pow attack. the attacker cannot make using only pow power, even has the pow power the network, will also need .()% the circulation supply order have chance make attack, and attack where you're big holder doesn't have any logic. order achieve consensus the network webdollar using the cainhash, which represents the identity the main chain avoid the network splitting into forks betweenpos rounds. one round contains blocks. each round has only one difficulty target for pos respectively pow. our hybrid mining composed with repetitive rounds cycles pow round and pos rounds. one full cycle has rounds blocks). proof-of-work mining asic resistant and gpu unfriendly webdollar designed proof-of-work blockchain like bitcoin least the beginning. the only difference that propose the mining asic and gpu resistant, which will lead towards mass-adoption users, not promote hardware-intensive backbone. want avoid the clustering large mining farms because this will make the network and mining more centralized and profitable only few who invest large sums dedicated computers. using asic resistant hashing, want have more and more people involved the mining process, creating social layer the mining process. have analyzed couple asic resistant hash functions including scrypt, argon (argond) and cuckoo cycle. the moment, propose argond function for hashing, because argond probably the best asic resistant hash function, but little bit gpu friendly for the new video cards. the webdollar community should also consider adopting other asic resistant hash functions the near future for avoiding asic dedicated mining computers (quantum, etc.) including cryptonight that only cpu friendly because the high usage the cpu cache. avoid mining farms made gpu, webdollar community should adapt cryptonight other cpu cache intensive for the pow hash function. pow, each block contains transactions merkle tree, respectively, account tree/radix (patricia) tree for mini blockchain. the blocks are hashed through hashing function order validate and the previous blocks, making the network choose only the largest blockchain fork the network. "hash" injective and non-invertible function (x) usually where the message want hash, and salt random string hash has few more properties: determinism ii) defined range iii) continuity iv) collision resistance (injectivity) compression webdollar.io github/webdollar hash function h(x) asic resistant must memory intensive, where memory array must filled with compression function and indexing functions phi() [i] (b[ph(i)], b[ph(i)], b[phk(i)]) argon based internal permutation compression function with two inputs -byte, -byte output and internal lakeb hash function for avoiding parallelism, the function iterated times. memory intensive, the step block with index ph(i) described [], where clearly shows the memory intensive usage: [i][] g(b [i][ [i][]; [i][j] g(b [i][ [i][j]. where, and block may either for once the iterations have been done over the entire memory array necessary compute the final block inal xor-ing the last columns inal [][q [][q ][q obvious that argon memory intensive calculate inal order get the output the hash function. this property being memory intensive, the moment put great challenges for semiconductor manufacturers create fast and optimized application-specific integrated circuits and scale that memory every device. using argond the future other memory intensive hash functions, webdollar would mined the computers individuals and not mining farms. satoshi had this idea cpu vote". asics and gpus unbalance the mining, and this forces individuals acquire dedicated hardware for mining. this unbalance will push into centralized mining only controlled more and more the people who has accept acquire fast the best asics and best gpus the market. webdollar.io github/webdollar proof-of-stake mining instant reward sha(prevhash address timestamp) tps (low) tps (high) webdollar: sec/block, block size tps (low) tps (high) future settings the near future: block every seconds, block size tps (low) tps (high) block every seconds, block size tps (low) tps high) these are pure estimates based the current bitcoin scalability numbers. lowering the block time generator, will create longer blockchain forks the world. this can achieved over time, when the internet latency will lower. increasing the block size, will make light nodes download more data validate the nipopow (p, kh) proof. this can achieved over time, when the internet latency will lower. lightning network and off-chain transactions are also taken consideration increase the number transactions per second. monetary supply the medium-of-exchange function the primary function money. all others are secondary, such store value and unit account. for this primary function fulfilled, any quantity money sufficient. the pricing money (establishment the market its purchasing power, the formation the prices for virtually all goods) dependent its supply and demand. the case goods selected means exchange, the non-monetary use less and less important than the monetary use. the monetary use involves transfers and preservation substance, whereas the case non-monetary uses consumption involves substantive loss (from economic point view). thus, the physical destruction money through usage insignificant when compared with other goods and, even the case commodity money, increasing supply not necessary. this another reason why precious metals, whose supply naturally difficult boost, were considered suitable money. when discussing the monetary function, economists try understand the laws that apply monetary uses and ignore the non-monetary uses. economists have argued since david hume that any quantity money always optimal. increasing the quantity money does not increase the services rendered money. this observation was only qualified the fact that the non-monetary uses money justified increasing supply it. webdollar.io github/webdollar cryptocurrencies are closer being purely money this sense, because their intangibility makes them less suited for non-monetary uses. the age-old observation about the optimality any quantity money fulfilled even better their case. webdollar follows bitcoin adopting this model fixed supply with gradual release. cryptocurrencies are rather like commodity money the extent that their supply not discretionary. the case precious metals, production has compete with all other uses that its valuable factors production can service. this way impersonal. the case cryptocurrency, this impersonal character maximized with fixed supply. any inflationary model suboptimal solution, compromise from scientific rigor, because includes particular judgement about how the new coins should dilute the value old coins. cryptocurrency that allows for any degree discretion the future further compromised from the start. having fixed supply and continually changing demand established the market solves problem uncertainty and makes the price adjustment model simpler. bitcoin controlled supply based solely scarcity model. the rate block creation adjusted every blocks aim for constant week adjustment period. the number bitcoins generated per block set decrease geometrically, with reduction every blocks, approximately years. the result that the number bitcoins existence not expected exceed million. the block reward adjustment can approximately modelled the following equation: inf (blockheight height= the decreasing-generation algorithm was chosen because approximates the rate which commodities like gold are mined the real world. this decreasing-supply algorithm increases the value the coin based scarcity. emission scheme total supply: ,,, billion) webd named subunit: webcent webd smallest subunit: webd the coins will issued through mining over year time span, with billion) reserved for webdollar genesis. webdollar.io github/webdollar emission charts: webdollar.io github/webdollar genesis split: the webd reserved from the genesis will used for the further development the technology ecosystem and reward the development work done far. they will distributed follows, and released gradually according the funding needs the project. also, all the profits from mining with genesys will used for promoting webdollar form bounty campaigns and rewards for contributors. deflation and hoarding: there reason worry? people erroneously refer the model above deflationary model. here, need clarify that there are two uses the words deflation inflation: inflation deflation money supply, inflation deflation prices the classical and relevant use our case the first. so, technically speaking, the webdollar money supply fixed. less people would demand then its purchasing power would lower (prices expressed webd would increase), becomes price inflationary although early massive adoption would have price deflationary effects. markets can deal both with general high level prices and with general low one. price deflation does not lead depression. hoarding just emotionally charged name for demand for money and there problem with from economic point view. intensive demand for money during the first phases worldwide adoption process expected and welcomed, not countered. one particularity any cryptocurrency that infinitely divisible, because intangible. gold could minted small coins only point beyond which became impractical use. the reason silver was adopted times instead along gold fulfill the money role was its increased abundance and capability serve small everyday payments, despite its other disadvantages gold (e.g., tarnishing). such coexistence moneys impractical because introduces the need keep account the exchange rate between two metallic moneys. one major blight monetary history was the inability malevolence authorities that enacted fixed exchange rate between the two, also known bimetallism. this fixed bimetallism often engendered gresham effects overvalued money replacing undervalued money the market the great losses market actors. webdollar.io github/webdollar this flexible exchange rate between two moneys not confused with the definitions subdivisions the case one money that are always fixed, with the relation between one ounce gold and half ounce, grams and gram. likewise, banknotes and deposits emerged substitutes for metallic money, solve payment, security, divisibility and portability problems. the case honest issuers, the issue was perfectly covered money reserves and, again, there was fixed definition the substitute terms metallic reserves, not variable price. the arrival the blockchain solves portability, security, and payment, different degrees with different cryptocurrencies. moreover and the importance this fact cannot overemphasized cryptocurrencies not have the divisibility problem. can see the case bitcoin, technically possible divide one bitcoin into million satoshis, with intermediary bitcents, milibits and microbits. while not technical, the divisibility problem rather psychological. expectation very steep worldwide adoption curve, scale several orders higher than bitcoin, decided assign our one-time creation the fixed webdollar supply corresponding granularity. technical problem that bitcoin has not solved satisfactorily and webdollar designed solve the portability problem. the relatively low number transactions not caused hoarding, but the technical specifications bitcoin. consider that this the reason why see such low transaction numbers and high fees for cryptocurrencies from the bitcoin family. security concerns webdollar implementation using the mini-blockchain scheme for storing the accountant tree instead using transactions merkle trees. the security concerns for using the mini-blockchain are very similar satoshi's proof-of-work blockchain solution, and has been proven safe ethereum. webdollar full nodes are inheriting all the security advantages and properties from the blockchain pow solution proposed satoshi nakamoto []. webdollar light nodes that download only the non-interactive proofs will inherit all the properties and security concerns from the nipopow non interactive proofs proof work. having also main net full nodes (it required have node.js servers for webrtc signals), the attacker will also need attack the honest full nodes from the main network least either generate better nipopow proofs suspend (stop) the connections with honest full nodes. security blockchain ... change history attack webdollar.io github/webdollar hack the blockchain, the attacker needs build longer valid blockchain. build longer valid blockchain, the attacker will need considerable the main network hashrate. because this, case the attacker will fail have global hashrate, the attacker competition with other honest miners and will more profitable for him become webdollar miner instead remaking the blockchain from scratch even forking the blockchain keep the rewards for himself. so, change old history almost impossible for attacker because requires own more than global hash rate and sustain secret for considerable time make successful fork that changes significant history. this way, attacker could maximum create fork altering only recent events and keep the recent rewards from miners for himself. case the attacker doesn't posses next generation technological advantage (quantum computer), the attacker must have the network domination over similar ~timespan since the genesis block began. ... double spending attack attackers that dominates large percentage the main network, can try create some double spending attacks the blockchain technology creating and mining their own forks. thankfully, blockchain handles very well the double spending attacks making the attacks probabilistic and not guaranteed. actually, satoshi nakamoto did even some computer simulations calculate the probabilities some double spend attacks with different percentages the network dominance. in, reality the probabilities success for attacker are very small and, would way more profitable for him mine the coin and not try uncertain attacks that may lose money. nowadays, bitcoin more vulnerable double spending than never, especially because, the mining pools started become more centralized. the top mining pools (see diagram) are all from china, and they own over the entire bitcoin global hashrate. this means, collaborative attack from these four chinese mining pools could have significant probability launch successful double spending attack, but not guaranteed. webdollar allows the creation mining pools and referral link sharing other people who would like mine that mining pool. this way, webdollar will decentralize the mining pools, reducing considerably the risks for double spending attacks. addition this, mining with genesys funds will considerably improve the security against attack, considering genesys amount relation the global distribution. .... double spending attack solution tba webdollar.io github/webdollar quantum threat absolutely, but absolutely all cryptographic functions used banks, stock exchange, internet security communications and bitcoin are threatened years quantum supercomputers. although, quantum supercomputers are not today's' reality. d-wave quantum computer adiabatic annealing machine that can solve probabilistic only adiabatic equations are d-wave not general quantum computer. so, adiabatic annealing machines like d-wave can not used generate even crack either the private keys respectively the digital signatures cracking the the elliptic curves (ecdsa, schnorr) used bitcoin webdollar. the only solution, that very unlucky scenario the next years make the system more quantum resistance that instead working with bytes private public keys, bytes for public addresses, the protocol should work with way longer private keys and addresses. but this not ideally because high memory usage blocks, moreover also the moment there real threat from adiabatic quantum computers, but also for the next years ... reducing addresses' private key collisions from down the biggest issue bitcoin that although the total numbers private keys and public keys are the total number unique addresses the bitcoin system this exploit appears because bitcoin, early bitcoin programmer hal finney used the rip (sha publickey function reducing the length the addresses converting the public address keys from bits into bits addresses. ripemd hash function initial purpose was used backup case the sha could have been cracked. the problem that ripemd generating bitcoin addresses making lot collisions, that all addresses have multiple private keys attached. the birthday problem can applied estimate the probability addresses collisions given the size the hash function. the probability calculations hashing can used estimate the private key collisions public addresses follows: get all addresses, enough use: ln(k) keys. you use only private keys, you will have about all addresses although seams big number, using the ripemd, the system could attacked early and primitive quantum computer that can generate quickly and could crack all bitcoin addresses. extending the domain the addresses from this will give webdollar extra buffer time, case the near future years), real webdollar.io github/webdollar quantum computer will invented and able generate cracking the ripemd function, but won't able generate quickly cracking ... increasing quantum resistance replacing the ripemd with sha, the security exploit for future quantum computer still remains in. order solve this, propose that webdollar over the time should use more quantum resistant cryptographic functions. the advantage that the community can create hard fork replacing the obsolete ecdsa use post quantum cryptographic (pqc) functions use functions like winternitz signatures (~.kb) instead using bit elliptic curve cryptography. the moment, not very useful switch post quantum cryptographic functions, because all pqc functions use way much memory store the signatures than using regular bit elliptic curves. the advantages webdollar simplicity our goal create and foster the mainstream adoption cryptocurrencies. order make that vision reality, need address all kinds users, not just the tech savvy, like all the other cryptos do. for that, aim create the simplest possible user experience with regard using cryptocurrencies. and our quest achieve that, we've come the basic premise that while very few people know how mine bitcoin install software wallet, just about everybody knows how use browser. this why webdollar was designed from day one native browsers and the world wide web. written entirely javascript, webdollar will available directly your browser. that means: installation download mining directly the landing page. unlike any other crypto, you will able mine and create value for yourself less than seconds, just with simple click button. not only simple, but also fair. our hash function choice, argond the moment does not create preference for specialized hardware and you can run efficiently any pc. also, you can run many threads your hardware allows, having full control the impact your processing power. access your wallet fast and safe the browser. without going through the hassle installing dedicated, complicated software and generating private keys that you have save somewhere else, you can generate new wallet with single click and easily access from there, all the needed functionalities, while not compromising security: send receive payments see your transactions check your balance webdollar.io github/webdollar versatility mining hardware order make easy for everybody use it, anytime and anywhere, rely light blockchain structure, involving the usage mini-blockchain scheme and non interactive proofs proof work (nipopow) consensus building. that greatly reduces the size the data that has downloaded into the browser order able become consensus and start having mining pool the browser. turn, this created the opportunity mine any laptop, regardless disk space, and even mine mobile devices, tablets and smartphones. rethink mining from the bottom mining slang term for the verification transactions. have been using the term "mining" for long, that sometimes forget social act one that creates trust the network without the need centralized authority. the way the traditional pow cryptos were mined and the gpu/asic-intensive hash functions were used, over time, tended stimulate the centralization the network around large mining centers, where processing power and hardware have the ultimate say. this has created undesirable situation which the network dependent the political climate certain countries. for example, for bitcoin, the processing power the network based china, and over the network control lies the hands the mining farms. this goes against the vision that satoshi nakamoto himself had for the bitcoin decentralized coin. webdollar wishes return that vision, rethinking mining, from hardware intensive activity, social activity. that using hash function that does not create preference for specialized hardware (is asic-resistant) and creating referral system. everybody can easily earn from referrals when inviting friends create wealth together, mining pool. through this social network approach, both the "regular miners" and the pool owner gain value for each reward obtained people mining one's pool, the pool owner gains small percentage. this encourages strong stimulus create, expand and maintain mining pools, thus decentralizing the network. will also help create the initial awareness for webdollar, capitalizing the early adopters' social networks. create real value for content creators and monetize your social network you can this embedding script your webpage that harnesses the visitors' processing power create value for you, consensual, transparent way. more need insert ads into your website beg for support donation sites. you can directly capitalize your traffic easily inserting script that creates value for you based the frequency and duration visits your site, with users permission. webdollar.io github/webdollar smart contracts the primary purpose webdollar act currency the world wide web, truly become the currency the internet. expand this view, webdollar aims support smart contracts, which will allow decentralized organizations create their own tokens, taking full advantage the technological upper hand our protocol. anonymity using optional, off chain solution, will able provide our users the benefits full anonymity, far superior the level anonymity offered bitcoin ethereum. the speed transaction confirmation order scalable digital currency, any crypto has have fast transaction confirmation time. meet that objective, our protocol matches some the fastest transaction confirmation speeds, generating new block every seconds. logarithmic fees policy webdollar aims become widespread and very easy method transferring value the internet. order stimulate the flow webdollars, devised logarithmic function for calculating the fees. starting from very small value (we have implemented large numbers function, allowing for decimals), the value the fee, expressed percentage the transaction value, becomes smaller and smaller the value transaction gets larger. the fees for monetary transactions will considerably less than current digital services, like visa, paypal western union. integrated end-user app for money transfer using our peer peer exchange facility, you will able send money directly from your account someone the other side the globe, their own account crypto wallet, via automatic off-chain exchange service using webdollars. creating inclusive, healthy and diverse ecosystem with the funds reserved for genesys, aim further expand the crypto-community hardening the real economy behind the webdollar value integration for payments real online services and creating marketplace are two the top actions undertaken this direction. webdollar will build satoshi's original intention create truly decentralized coin, rethinking mining from hardware intensive activity social one. with webdollar, your time money. webdollar.io github/webdollar contributors: special thanks alexandru panait for helping with tech concepts and writing this white paper. adrian mihai stratulat for helping writing this white paper. prof. tudor smirna for including chapters about history, money, deflation. george alexandru sfica and patrick mccullough for reviewing the white paper. references: satoshi nakamoto bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system j.d. bruce the mini-blockchain scheme aggelos kiayias, andrew miller, and dionysis zindros, non-interactive proofs proof-of-work https://eprint.iacr.org//.pdf alex biryukov, daniel dinu, and dmitry khovratovich argon: the memory-hard function for password hashing and other applications bitcoin difficulty https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/difficulty bitcoin controlled supply https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/controlled_supply ethereum improvement proposal "homestead hard-fork changes", https://github.com/ethereum/eips/blob/master/eips/eip-.md bitcointalk https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. accessed ian rosa orellana, dartmouth college, probability calculations hashing https://math.dartmouth.edu/archive/mw/public_html/section-.pdf carl menger, the origin money, committee for monetary research and education, greenwich, conn., ludwig von mises, theory money and credit, liberty fund, indianapolis, pp. andrew atkeson, patrick kehoe, deflation and depression: there empirical link?, federal reserve bank minneapolis, research department staff january aggelos kiayias, nikolaos lamprou, and aikaterini-panagiota stouka, proofs proofs work with sublinear complexity, bitcoin scalability problem https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bitcoin_scalability_problem