wetoken project white paper [short video entertainment platform based block chain incentives] www.we.show version:.. team directory background introduction--------------------------------------------------------------- value transfer the internet ---------------------------------------------------- value escalation block chain ecology -------------------------------------- applications based block chain social morphology are moving towards pluralistic entertainment --------------------------------------- traditional centralized short video defects the live community ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ introduction items ------------------------------------------------------------------- what ------------------------------------------------------------------------- definition motivating community ------------------------------------------- introductionof the product programme ------------------------------------------- start and activate your own account ---------------------------------------- create your own short video space -------------------------------------------- content publishing and interaction ---------------------------------------------- short video functions&live functional economy system ------------------- finding more with community recommendations --------------------------- ecologically oriented application centers and open functions ------------ introduction incentive programmes ---------------------------------------------- incentive funds the community ecology ------------------------------------- incentive pool reward pool ------------------------------------------------- proof activity (poa) reward distribution method ----------------------- proof contribution (poc) reward distribution method ----------------- community ecological composition ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- weteam r&d management team ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- community content providers ---------------------------------------------------- community users ------------------------------------------------------------------ community developers --------------------------------------------------------------- community advertisers ---------------------------------------------------------------- business prospects ------------------------------------------------------------------- virtual gifts and reward for live broadcast ------------------------------------ transactions the content fees ----------------------------------------------- revenue from games and applications ---------------------------------------- income from advertising and distribution -------------------------------------- technical realization ----------------------------------------------------------------- architectural design ---------------------------------------------------------------- client(dapp) --------------------------------------------------------------------- video community service platform ---------------------------------------------- infrastructure -------------------------------------------------------------------------- wetoken allocation program ------------------------------------------------------- value and description ---------------------------------------------------------- wetoken application scenario --------------------------------------------------- wetoken allocation program ---------------------------------------------------- development plans -------------------------------------------------------------------- weteam core team ------------------------------------------------------------------- advisors ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- investment institutions -------------------------------------------------------------- contact ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- .background introduction value transfer the internet the continued warming the encrypted money market ush- ered burst growth, the history block chain, this year des- tined recorded the annals the year. not only the "first year compliance" the block chain, but also the "first year ap- plication" the block chain. have also witnessed lot block chain technologies applied finance technology, logistics e-commerce, artificial intelligence, cultural entertainment and other fields. though many people see encrypted money financial instrument and its un- derlying block chain technology payment system, this perception narrower. since the birth block-chain technology, thought the fifth disruptive innovation after mainframes, personal computers, the inter- net, and mobile social networks. the fourth milestone the histo- human credit evolution, after blood relatives credit, precious met- credit, national paper currency credit, transferred from the infor- mation internet era the value internet era. after recent years commercial practice, the industry has more thorough understanding the block chain. the same time, the com- mercial value and positioning the block chain have become clearer. with the further maturity the blockchain technology and the popular- ization wider range and more industries, will enable more enter- prises use block-chain technology reduce costs and improve col- laboration efficiency. value escalation block chain ecology after several years rapid development the mobile internet and the popularity smart phones, almost everyone knows what app(applica- tion) is. the twinkling time, new noun, dapp, has entered new era block chain.(decentralized application).ecology the collection the application. with the development intelligent contract, dapp has the advantages followings: can run distributed network, the information participants can stored safely, privacy better guaranteed, consensus mechanism cannot tampered with and on. the traditional model will complete- subverted. the popularity cryptokitties, etheria and other games verifies the urgent needs users for application scenarios consumer scenarios. the near future, dapp will surpass the traditional app and play increasingly important role people's social life. applications based block chain social patterns are moving towards multiple entertainment the essence the internet the interconnection between computers. early e-mail has solved the transmission remote mail, and also the starting point social network. bbs pushes the social network back the opposite point, makes the cost the communication cheaper. later instant messaging(im)and blogs(blog)are more like upgrade the two previous social tools. with the rapid development mobile internet, social applications such facebook, twitter, wechat, instagram have risen rapidly, and the active and realized value internet users have become geometric jump growth. the internet has been pushed new peak social networks, which are evolution from ecology demand hobbies. traditional social applications have skyrocketed into bloated bodies and ecological stagnation. the spiritual needs large number young users are growing, and social relationships are gradually changing from strong social pan-social. with the popularity mobile terminals and the increasing speed the network, the development short video industry has become important driving force social entertainment. short video has simple production process, low production threshold, strong participation, more dissemination value, short and fast content young people. the same time, the community with live broadcast and other playing methods, strengthen the communication with fans, but also better realization, promote the development the entire ecology. the rise block chain based community platform also evidence user acceptance more egalitarian and private social ecosystem. with the increasing demand the user spirit, the short video entertainment social platform based the block chain will more suitable for the young people's social forms. traditional centralized short video shortcomings live community the best way short video community's realization live broad-casting. should allow users pay and reward content producers transparently and openly, and should have clearer and more open rat- ings and incentive calculations for content producers. there need for "centralised" dictatorship. most the platforms that are now "centralised" work well, but all them are based exploiting the high reward fees more users and the opaque ratings premium ugc and pgc content producers. "centralization" platform operators can use their rights, private modifi-cation the partner account weight level for personal gain. this be- havior pays the high management review cost, which still cannot avoid this kind situation from the root. the "centralization" platform free modify the number viewers and the number broadcasts, and can give special recommendations. addition the short-term exposure can enhanced, long-term has been damage the fairness the platform, resulting large loss users. the "centralization" platform becomes the profit model with high draw, and the content recommendation centered around high profit, and the content recommended the user and really line with the user's desire. and more content providers order adapt the platform, order enhance the realization not win the sympathy fans, with more routine harvest fans crazily, not aban- doned the platform. the "centralization" platform has the core pricing power and control power, and can modify the proportion content providers and com- modity prices will. content providers teams that not accept the slave command use such means the number, because the plat- form's closeness and central pricing power, the content provider powerless. the communication and time costs migration are high and will not move towards brighter platform, resulting high-quality content paying for low-quality content. "centralization" platform order effectively manage the interests the goal, let more professional brokerage companies, brokerage com- panies order achieve their own interests, with variety reasons curb the revenue content providers. causes the content person swallow and even changes the job, affects the better program and the content appears. therefore, the short video community based "centralization" loses its fairness, fairness and openness, and increases the cost content providers and users. not good for the development the whole market obtain the extra income through the "overshoot" the virtu- currency. project presentations what wetoken new short video entertainment social platform based block chain and intelligent contract excitation(we). the digital cur- rency ensures that the entire community ecology completely fair, open, democratic and transparent. anyone can participate the "de- centralized" ecosystem. weteam concerned that not everyone has ability develop block- chain-based internet short video commu- nity, weteam offers one-stop solution which anyone who cre- ates zerothreshold account that can get through all the links and en- joy the benefits the block chain. the same time, through the we- token incentive mode effectively reduce the cost users, achieve rapid start and prosperity, and ultimately through the flow cash and ecological consumption achieve business returns. definition motivating community through wetoken motivate users participate the community, any form participants the we, including every short video, every comment and every live broadcast rules, will awarded the system token wetoken. the level block chain application experience, use block chain decentralization account book record the ownership information community products, solve the transaction problems products with intelligent contract, and ensure the openness and trans- parency community ecological economy. the application layer, efficient central development framework adopted ensure the high performance all kinds read and write operations, thus effectively avoiding the problems long confirmation time, high cost, easy con- gestion and on. maximize the guarantee community products smooth interactive experience. weteam support team members are made the core mem- bers the video community, wecasting community, tik tok, ka-xiu, meipai and on. the team good internet product operation and many times create more than million users the enter- tainment community, entertainment short video community has unique insights and rich operational experience. introduction the product program start and activate your own account entertainment short video community provides complete user account system, users only need choose according their own devices down-load the ios/android corresponding the dapp, through the mobile phone number registration, can quickly join the community platform. the system automatically assigns unique digital card the weto- ken digital wallet, and the data written into the block chain network node we. the user can use the unique digital card pass through the ecology freely the community, and quickly use the block chain community function and service provided we. create your own short video space short video entertainment interactive community platform based block chain motivation. we, users can easily create their own communi- space without any technical coding and deployment. users can con- tribute content through their own space, the ownership space and other content information will recorded through the block chain account book ensure fair and open can not tampered with. secondly, according the video likes, the number views, the number comments and other conditions obtain certain weight distribution, help participants quickly distribute content the community, can everything from the reward pool wetoken awards. content publishing and interaction functionality community channel supports video media-type content, uses wecut process video, automatically compresses and transcodes high-quality video through the system, and stores cloud services. users can choose dif- ferent community channels contribute content according their prefer- ences. more interactive features the community, including live broadcast, likes, comments, rewards, sharing, etc. live broadcast function: users the community can turn live broadcast anytime, any- where and share the live, share happiness more fans. click the like function: users the community consumption content, according their pref- erences support the content and publishers, meet the desire users express their feelings. comment function: users can make subjective objective self-impressions according differ- ent content, and can interact with creators other users through comments. reward function: for quality content, users can use their own wetoken reward creators, which need deduct small amount transaction costs from the block chain network. order enhance the reward function the excellent ex- perience transfer, the built-in wetoken wallet function achieve quick account. sharing functionality: community supports variety mainstream third-party social platform sharing function which can quickly distribute the content facebook, twitter, line, wechat, qq, instagram, for more friends consume. short video function live broadcast functional economy system participating the community and contributing the content, users can get the incentive wetoken every day, and the value the community will continue grow the scale the users involved the community in- creases. consumers who have the ability consume their content giving "virtual gifts" content producers. the amount these gifts equivalent "voting" the quality live broadcast while giving content producers. means balance weighting methods such rotation balance, random balance, hash hash balance, minimum missing, and fastest response, the impression how vote decreases with the passage time, which does not reduce the income anchorman the same time. try prevent users from "brushing tickets". users fans who have the ability communicate attract more consumers consume forwarding and sharing the relevant addresses producers, and these effective consumption, while rewarding disseminators and content producers, also equivalent "vote" content. professional flow dis- tribution team and single tributary disseminator get the percentage the revenue the content producers themselves set form certain competi- tive relationship order achieve decentralization. decentralized product, have also been following the way work- load proof. provide decentralized platform, determine not squeeze content providers and users with various fees and share fees, order en- sure long-term ecological stability. the video community needs procure large amount bandwidth resources. before users turn the live broad- cast function, they must firstly purchase live streaming packets reach their own accounts before they can broadcast livet normally. second, after the users turn live broadcast, they need invite more people join en-hance their popularity. get clearer and more transparent weight ranking. the above records are stored distributed account book and can viewed anyone. all transaction records are published all participants through distributed account the block chain ensure openness and fairness. the system will provide humanized query function facilitate user inquiry and analysis. use community recommendations find more content with the improvement the community, large number users will par- ticipate it. the weteam artificial intelligence team deeply develops and big data technology, optimizes the recommendation algorithm, and does lot autonomous learning transformation work the recommendation intelligence matching between people. users find their favorite content the same time. with the help behavior automatic learning and giving more preferences, the system pushes more fun and interesting community content for users, which greatly improves the user experience and efficiency. ecologically oriented application centers and open functions under the ecosystem, the application center can divided into official function application and third party developer function application. users can open their own application functions enrich play and reduce operating costs, and enhance user activity. official application center the official feature app will focus the user's data and operating tools, helping users increase the number and retention fans, and on. there will also more fun and interesting auxiliary products. third-party developer application center insist the idea "decentralization", while perfecting the ecological basic technology, the third-party developers can also use the application programming interface(api)to increase the functionality and resources the ecosystem, any developer with the ability create variety third-party applications, including games, entertainment, tools and on. introduction incentive programs incentive fund community ecology weteam sets ecological incentive fund for communities reward participants who contribute community building. the ecology adopts the community native wetoken the only incentive way, the platform passes through the poa(proof activity) poc (proof contribution)the algorithm establishes two-tier reward mechanism that continuously stimulates the productive capacity the community. according the system, the reward pool sets the automatic implementation scheme, the calculation incentive allocation every hours, and according the calculation results, the wetoken automatically distributed the participant's personal wallet. incentive pool(reward pool) the reward pool wetoken pool dedicated rewarding contributors ecological construction. the ecological incentive fund automatically replenishes the reward pool every day according the incentive elasticity coefficient. proof activity (poa) reward distribution method for all active users use anything will rewarded, the reward pool using the effective active degree poa award allocation algorithm for the first level award allocation, that is, the wetoken the reward pool according the degree activity assigned each user. every hours, the incentive pool will analyze, among other things, community indicators. specific subdivision indicators include valid dau(daily active number users)and the number effective releases, the number effective releases, the effective amount playback, the effective number play lists, the number valid likes, the number valid likes, the number valid comments, the number valid comments, the average number playback, the average length time online, the maximum number people online the same time was calculated. the reward pool uses team performance incentive model for the first level award allocation, assigning the wetoken the award pool each active user accordance with its contribution rate. the calculations are follows: the total number wetoken the reward pool assuming that there are users, with each user contributing each user gets the reward equal and the utility function: assume that each user can observe the contribution other users, and that each user can collaborate maximize utility levels, optimal contribu- tions and optimal reward allocation the optimal contribution each user e*=/ the optimal award allocation per user fact, difficult collude between users, and each user receives award allocation that remains, each user selects its contribu tion: replace the contribution nash equilibrium:=n=/ therefore, the difference between the optimal output state nash equi-librium state and the optimal output state follows: when used, the optimal degree contribution achieved. when the number users exceeds the contribution each user will lower than the optimal degree contribution. the more users are, the more seri- ous the free rider is, overcome the free riding phenomenon, de-sign mechanism:. after the user receives the poa allocation the reward pool every day, the resulting wetoken distributes the content provider and the contributor proportion the content provider, and the content provider has the right adjust and divide the contributor the participant according the effective activity poa. proof contribution (poc) reward distribution method content providers for active users(short video live content contributor)effective contributions are used motivate, active user content providers the second level the reward pool(short video live content contributor)obtained wetoken. the award section will follow the poc(proof contribution, effective contribution certificate)algorithm, as- signed the community content contributor contribution-(short video live content contributor). content contributor(short video live content contributor)the reward sec- tion will distributed differentiated incentive way, assuming that the community has only two users, after the content has been created and pub- lished the calculated user, according the creation dimension, vertical dimension, play dimension, interactive dimension, fan dimension and on, the system obtains the basic coefficients, followed browsing, likes, com- ments, rewards, retweets, etc. higher level contribution the commu- nity will result basic promotion: set the award assigned the promotion user be, the award assigned the user and and when two users contribute the same amount, each person has chance promotion probability distribution user promotions: give other user contributions, worker i(i=,)it will determine the extent his contribution, thereby maximizing his expected utility, that is: manual selection maximize make summary, concluded that: the community active users and content providers(short video live content contributor)given the same rewards the content provider(short video live content contributor)gets reward exceeds the portion the active user enough, both users will make the most contribution the community, when certifying that: when,whatever behavior they take, they choose make the greatest contribution, the only nash equilibrium. community ecosystem composition weteam management team good team often important guarantee geometric growth the value block-chain projects. project sponsor, weteam has clear re- sponsibility and obligation the firm guardian wetoken and the team has the most professional ability complete the design, develop- ment, application landing and interface with the exchange from the block chain project. the weteam team has experienced technical staff block chain develop- ment, well the participation well-known people the currency cir- cle. contrast, the teams many developers with short titles and the slightest lack approach ability are dwarfed. community content providers the community content provider also the operator the community. content providers have full authority over their own space and shall not violate the relevant laws and regulations the countries concerned. any individual organization can registered member through the mobile number. provider community content, you should responsible for the content and popularity your own space, but also assume the responsibili- gaining fans. weteam, the backup all users the ecosystem, will give users corresponding wetoken incentives according the poa(proof activity) mechanism. community users the value the user insurmountable, and also important ecologi- cal link we. the user can participate the construction various con- tent inwe and can also communicate and interact with the fans. the com- munity full the breath young people, ghost animals, brain holes, nervous annoyance and teasing ratio. community users are also the main force ecological consumption, including playing reward, paying for content, purchasing applications and services, participating games and on. addition, the user gets wetoken incentive reward for everything they we. community developers the most important thing the present era innovation and real-time. developers, the key position the ecological diversity we, are also the key factors the "inverse growth" this era. always join hands with more developers build the whole ecological integrity. any individ- ual organization with capability can participate ecological construction. community advertisers important part the commercialization we, with the increase the number users, the advertisers will gradually connect the eco- friendly advertisers provide better delivery services for advertisers. some the advertising revenue realized business and the other part used purchase the wetoken expansion incentive pool. business prospects nowadays, the boom short video still rising, the global mcn era begins, short video creation threshold low, social, interactive and other attributes, deeply sought after young users, has become way ex- press themselves. short video can widely spread and the core advantage short, the shortest time show users the most eye-catching content. become fast-food pastime, and can take place anytime, anywhere consume content. our vision become the largest short-video entertainment community the block chain digital world, with the following main ways realizing: virtual gifts and reward for live broadcast for the short video entertainment community the best way realize live broadcast and virtual gift reward users can establish channel live broadcast and fan interaction short video also has gift reward function. will charge certain transaction fee help more fans quickly realize the par- ticipants. the greatest characteristic and requirement virtual gift have per- sonality. weteam will continue develop and design virtual gifts and props, such "kisses," "flowers," "sports cars," "planes," and on. users can also pay web token according their needs, using images, text and make their own needs virtual gifts. transactions the content fees paying for content becoming fashionable, and with the development the community, many celebrities and experts various fields are joining in, and creating high-quality content pay for viewing. revenue from games and applications third-party developers can develop their own games and charge fee for the platform revenue. income from advertising and distribution provide more powerful advertising management platform for adver- tisers and combine advertising with community incentives maximize the benefits advertisers and participants. technical realization ..architectural design according the characteristics the whole system, the weteam designs how the components the system are divided and how the components interact. divided into three business modules around scalability, reliability, flexibility and overall performance. client tier, platform layer, underlying architecture. client(dapp) client the user presentation layer. order satisfy the vast majority users' different usage habits different terminals and regions, provide clients with ios, android and client services are independently decoupled according business logic and are designed modules: account module, wallet, video module and instant messaing module. wallet light wallet, the user manages own weitoken, implements the transfer account and checks the cash flow account. video module includes: ..video's automatic beautification (including face recognition, whitening, buffing, face thinning, special effect video, filtering functions) ..video coding and decoding: adopted video coding and decoding, and aac served audio coding ..video transmission: real-time video transmission utilizing rtmp protocol. ..this video integrates player function and can play the live broadcast and on-demand service well supports rtmp, hls and flv protocol. according the video multi-point distribution principle, the module optimizes and adopts the nearby load algorithm and pulls the nearest edge node away from user reduce the delay and ensure the real-time performance that user views the the video. module real-time interaction module provided user, which comprises the real-time message communication between the user and the server well real-time message interaction between users and users. platform layer the platform layer core service video service platform. video service set distributed, high-concurrency, big-customer, highavailability and real-time complex system, adhering the design principle high availability, expandable and low coupling for system, use microservice architecture adopted decouple complex system. weteam decomposes the video services into the modules follows: account services, gift prop services, room services, video services, communication, etc. the service between each system separate service, and the inter-system call implemented internally the rpc protocol. account services: account will combined with ethernet account optimal way, and all services can used rapidly under the conditions ensuring absolute safety user's funds. thanking the unified account, the users not only can browse the uploaded videos but also can initiate the real- time interaction with users their communities, such text voice video, etc. through unable falsification performance block chain, the users' basic information managed, the login authentication unified, and the service provided client through the restful api. gift prop services: the gift item service provides the information some basic items, and the user uses the item props reward the anchor increase the mutual interaction and also embody the user's favor forservice provided client via the restful api. room services: room the place for user interaction. each anchor may possess room for live and interaction with other users. the live contents and rewarding generated the room are also owned the anchor. room service place where video live contents are controlled. ..video services: video service basic implementation, this basic service includes such functions realization rtmp, flv, hls transmission protocol, audio and video transcoding well video compression and recording and storage. service: the service set communication interface provide socket and websocket allow users implement the communication services time between users well users and services. statistical analysis service: through mapreduce technology, real-time statistical analysis for system carried out record and save each core operation inside system carry out various data analysis.data analysis includes the user preference analysis and recommendation, video favor analysis, vitality computation user community, user's contribution degree computation well developer's gain sharing computation. microservice architecture: the interior each micro-service system designed the basis high concurrency, distributed, and expandable design. through load balancing technique and multi-level caching technology, distributed message queue service and distributed file system, the high concurrent access and expansibility are improved. open expansion we: will build third party's developer platform, and any developer can fabricate third party application that conforms ecosystem based sdk provided we. when the developer platform online, will provide perfect technical documents and sample programs facilitate the developer's quick operation. underlying architecture business model based video community will take block chain ipfs(interplanetary file system point point distributed hypermedia distribution protocol, providing globally xqlilhg dgguhvvdeohvsdfh khxqghuo\lqjwhfkqlfdodufklwhfwxuhri block chain some the core services are based block chain technology. block chain part currently based the etheric square common chain integration development. and plans introduce the future, more suitable for the social scene the exclusive block chain. account: user only digital identity(digital identity)marking; token token(wetoken)based erc standard. users can view their wetoken directly through our dapp any application that supports the erc standard. before the wetoken exclusive block chain online, wetoken will based the original token, and will migrated after the chain completed. the migration operation will not affect the use households and digital assets. ipfs technology interplanetary file system (interplanetary file system, abbreviated ipfs) network transport protocol designed create persistent and distributed storage and shared files. content addressable peer-to-peer hypermedia distribution protocol. the nodes the ipfs network will form distributed file system. have look the principle ipfs: each file and all its blocks are assigned unique fingerprint called encrypted hash. ipfs deletes the files with the same hash value through the network, and calculates which files can judged redundant and tracks the version history each file. each network node stores only the content its interest, well some index information, which helps figure out who storing. while searching for create file, you can find the desired file searching the network for the node where the file saved the hash value the file. use the called ipns (de-centralization naming system), each file can named the name the caller. searching, you can easily find the file you want view. can seen from the introduction ipfs, ipfs envisages that all network terminal nodes not only act the role the browser client but everyone can the operator this network and everyone can the server. compared http, ipfs has such features addressing based contents rather than addressing based domain name. the file (content) has the uniqueness that exists, file added the network ipfs, and unique encrypted hash value assigned the content based the calculation.this will change the habit using domain names access the network. provide historical version the file, such git, and allows multiple nodes use files that hold different versions. block chain running ipfs network, that is, used store the hash value table internet files. when the network accesses every time, that is, the address the contents (files) shall queried the chain. using the incentives tokens, the nodes are powered store data. filecin storage network driven encrypted currency. the miner obtains filecin providing open hard disk space for the network, while the user uses filectin pay for the storage the encrypted text the de- centralization network. using the ipfs technology, the video contents generated community distributed the user's computer, while the copyright reserved wetken's producer, and the users can authorized viewing related information each other let the video storage, distribution and copyright protection become simple. .wetoken allocation scheme value and description the long term ecological development achieves greater prosperity and effectively encourages community builders and participants release native token-wetoken the platform. ..web application scenario motivating community participants: motivate contributing participants and managers. reward: users can reward high quality content contributors. purchase paid content: buy paid content watch. purchase third-party applications: pay part the developer pay for the app service. purchase virtual props and value-added services: buy virtual items par- ticipate community games props. advertising: advertisers are smart. ..wetoken allocation scheme the total circulation wetoken and the distribution scheme follows: wetoken allocation scheme proportion quantity distribution mode issue foundation reservation ecological incentive fund founding team community issue: high-speed short video entertainment social platform, the issue wetoken mainly used for community platform technology research and development, bandwidth and hardware investment, product operations and marketing and on. the foundation reserves: maintain rapid prototyping and sustainable development the communi- and the ecology whole, the reserve funds will used the operat- ing fund the wetoken foundation attract talented people and attract more excellent partners. and continue motivate high-contribution team members and important business partners, together with peers. founding team early contributors: the birth and development wetoken cannot separated from the early team and other resource contributors, who gave strong resources and funds provide indispensable help for wetoken. reward the core staff the founding team, the relevant team that made the contribution the develop- ment process, the investor and the consultant team the way reasonable distribution. ecological incentive fund: the community ecological incentive fund, the wetoken part mainly used the community system reward pool, the system will determine the elastic coefficient according the poa activity index, and automatically distribute the corresponding wetoken the reward pool every day. community communities: entertainment community product, early users are the driving force community development. community communities are mainly used air drop and reward people who organize, promote, promote and contribute wetoken activities. development plans november project concept assumption and budding stage december completed the research the demand the short video community the block chain and the internet early january team gathering completed middle january the system framework technical investigation and determination was completed late january the project was formally named "we", and the product form was basically completed. february wetoken launched pre-sale raising march the development the underlying architecture was completed april completed the base product function our community may completed incentive system and related system, etc. started internal testing complete ios and android beta available online for all users weteam core team found er: sun zheng worked ku, guagua, wecasting and other video community. created number millions users short video community products and live platform. co-founder: fan zuwei founder wecasting. worked china's biggest entertainment center. was vice president datang telecom. acquired emba central europe. lse london school political science and eco- nomics. worked tencent wenchuang base and tencent mcn istri bu- tor. cto: bao wenke ten million user-level veteran server system architect. has many years experience java language practice and designing multiple frames. has worked the video community such ali, guagua, and we- casting. cmo: che hongyan worked international company have years experience marketing; has responsible for brand, business cooperation, social community and marketing activities and planning embracing abundant industry resources and marketing channel also have good sense market insight cpo zhao xin worked tencent interactive entertainment group, has responsible for planning and designing tencent's huayang live platform. focused short video entertainment live platform products for several years and have deep understanding the use[s, strong data-sensitive and remarkable project management capabilities. ued junwen worked for [ge internet companies developing management; has established complete proiect developing management system, accomplishing lots risk control management cases with jdmen control team, which responsxin for landing c[oss-departmental [ategy. wang zhicai [ked many netease companies, which responsible the design and inte [action product design. years experience focus products have deep understanding the user's psychology. also has [ong ability project management products coo wang feiyue designed the internet short video and major community products. has been the general manage china mobile communications pay-lm project. has worked product consultant for some projects, including tencent (qq), taobao, and youku. has been working launching billion use[ [oducts the field internet short video. cho: zhang xian management experience years. participated human resou [ce planning huge companies, conducted and managed the work. has worked mercer human resource consulting. cfo: tao ting years financial management experience. many years ipo listed fi- nancial management experience. she has background financial advisory firms such bearingpoint and atkearney. io.advisor founder manzi fund: xue manzi the first person invest chinese angels. representative case: pcpop, car house, snowball finance, huayi baichuang, china edu and on. tron https://tron.network/ ink chain: https://inkchain. qtum: https:/nvww.qtum.org autohome* httpsba vww.autohome.com.cn pop: http://www.pcpop.com/ xueqiu: https://xueqiu.com/ chinaedu https://www.chinaedu.com/ founder mejiu angel ventures: shichun focus early investment the internet representative cases: big head, fun shop, sing bar, key network, honey bud, car and home, mavericks electric etc wan xie :http://www.playcrab.com/ dian (nyse:qd):http://www qufenqi.com/ chang http://changba.com/ diao wang wang luo http//www.tingyun.com/ che che jia :https://www.chehejia.com/ you qia che che :https://www.fuyoukache.com/ yue dong quan :http://www. yund.com xiao niu dian dong :http://www.niu.com/ ying :https://www.mia.com/ mmc:http://www.mmcuav.com/ fiil:https://fiil.com/kou founder fao fund minghua have successfully funded over companies china. portfolio: wifi-master key, qazing tong, great wisdom, credit card, miao pie, hello bike, weiwei, goufu, etc. ceo nper: daniel nam the ceo the nper project, which charge blockchain business. early investor cryptocurrency and has been conducting the nper project based his many years block-chain market experi- ence. partner (c)yi ojlrb bkou ecim/\l ling \i, it', luan zao capital xiang xiang jin imagination fund greatvoyagecapital it}.@q h.brothers wecastfng wei (r) nian function duo niu shi cai jing foundation cashierest hongkong tokenbank hufiyi invzhu tl'ient slow mist coinrail contact website:https://www.we.show e-mail :contact@we.show telegram:https://t.me/wetoken twitter:twitter:https://twitter.com/weshowgroup