natmin pure escrow escrow services powered blockchain technology natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn table contents introduction our vision what decentralized escrow service? industry statistics what natmin? why use natmin? how does natmin work? the natmin token the token economy the natmin node natmin transaction fees the node voting process the node points system aml/ctf policy fund distribution token distribution referral bonus structure roadmap senior team leaders contacts natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn introduction it's hard trust anyone these days, especially world where everything happens online. the days meeting people, shaking their hand, doing deal long gone. need feel safe when doing transactions online. this where natmin pure escrow comes into the picture. aim revolutionize the escrow industry with secure transactions backed blockchain technology for fraction the price conventional escrow service. the natmin token built the erc standard using the ethereum blockchain, making widely used and accepted standard. natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn our vision our vision develop secure and trustworthy platform where buyers and sellers can transact, knowing their money safe. want provide effortless experience with low transaction fees. want inspire confidence the platform with the use node voting system. only valid and honest votes will rewarded, thus promoting the truthful assessment documentation provided. points will given these nodes, which will increase their reputation within the natmin platform. natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn what decentralized escrow service? conventional escrow world, the escrow company facilitates everything about the transaction: receiving the money, confirming the buyer has received their items, and releasing the funds the seller. processes like this can take lot time. decentralized escrow world however, the major difference the blockchain and smart contracts are the escrow company. this makes the transactions exponentially quicker, much more secure and can cost fraction the price. there corruption and officials can't bought. for example: conventional escrow world, simple domain transfer can take days for the seller receive their money, but decentralized world that process could take matter hours. natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn industry statistics there has been influx online transactions between buyers and sellers over the past several years, but unfortunately there has also been influx fraud online transactions. the chart below shows the increase "buying and selling" related fraud transactions recorded australia alone over the past years. $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, recorded fraud transactions six months into and the number recorded fraud transactions has already reached staggering $,,. that the total amount recorded this fraud could have been avoided secure and trusted escrow service was used facilitate the transactions. natmin pure escrow prides itself providing secure service help prevent the losses consumers otherwise would have faced due fraud. https://www.scamwatch.gov.au/about-scamwatch/scam-statistics?scamid=&date= natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn what natmin? natmin pure escrow decentralized application that provides pure escrow services built blockchain technology. aim revolutionize the escrow industry utilizing blockchain technology facilitate escrow transactions for fraction the price conventional escrow services. natmin self-regulating system that provides secure transactions between the buyer and seller with extremely low fees. natmin utilizes smart contract technology implement and regulate escrow transactions. this removes the need for middleman, thus reducing transaction costs and the possibility fraud. the natmin token (nat) ensures utmost security and peace mind between the buyer and seller. built the widely used and accepted erc standard using the ethereum blockchain. natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn why use natmin? live world where convenience has become the great commodity. our time precious, and anything that cuts down wasted time seen boon. unfortunately, sometimes this convenience can lead degradation quality. it's all well and good offer wide variety products, but it's vastly different matter have everyone involved knowledgeable all products. sometimes the quality care you receive not extensive what you would get from someone who specializes the product you are after. would you buy big-ticket item like car from grocery store, from dealer whose job know everything about the product they are selling and compare others the market? natmin pure escrow, believe superior quality service. how deliver this you simple: our sole focus and specialty escrow services. don't need tie you down with unrelated offers find other ways grab your business, because our sole concern escrow services. don't need insert non-escrow related services into our platform make more appealing, because that not why you need us. you need for escrow services, and that what deliver. gimmicks, loopholes, wasted time. all our time and effort goes into escrow services. believe this commitment and superior quality service what sets apart from our competition, and what makes the wiser choice all escrow related services. some key aspects where outperform others: lower transaction fees. the easy navigation our platform. enforce aml/ctf regulation, which provide peace mind for our customers. voter reputations inspires confidence our dispute system. natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn how does natmin work? natmin has minimum steps the transaction process depending the outcome the transaction. normal transaction step create transaction either the buyer seller can create the transaction. step agree terms both parties are presented with the terms the transaction and both need agree. step buyer funds the account once the terms are agreed upon, the buyer will fund the escrow transaction account. step seller sends the items once payment confirmed, the seller will notified send the items. step buyer receives the items the buyer confirms receipt the items has the option open dispute. step seller funds are released once the transaction settled, the funds are released the seller. natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn how does natmin work? (continued) dispute transaction step dispute raised either the buyer seller can initiate dispute. step provide supporting documents parties are required provide supporting documents about the dispute. step supporting documents validation nat nodes vote the sufficiency the supporting documents. step parties can appeal either party has the option appeal the decision. step second round voting the dispute transaction subjected second round voting appeal was made. second round decision final. step complete transaction funds are either released the seller refunded the buyer. natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn the natmin token the natmin token (nat) digital token that powers the escrow platform. will used fund transactions between buyers and sellers. also ensures utmost security and peace mind between the buyer and seller. nat unmineable token built the erc standard using the ethereum blockchain, which makes widely used and accepted standard. the upcoming token generation event (tge) will the only time natmin tokens will created. nat has fixed supply and platform users will able acquire the nat token directly from the platform from various exchanges after the token generation event. natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn the token economy just like any other cryptocurrency, expect listed various cryptocurrency exchanges provide the best possible liquidity solutions for our clients. with the increased popularity cryptocurrencies, tokens and decentralized applications conjunction with our marketing strategy, aim increase the popularity the natmin platform and in-turn increase the value the natmin token (nat). will achieve this few different ways, which includes acquiring business partners, our future development strategy and our token burning strategy. our future development strategy includes the implementation currency conversion from fiat tokens (for the buyer), well the conversion from tokens fiat (for the seller). this will give the natmin platform the ability and means widely accepted and thus increasing the popularity and value the nat token. our token burning strategy include the instant burning all unsold tge tokens. token amount equal the unsold tokens will instantly burned, decreasing the total supply. all referral bonus tokens, airdrop tokens and tokens assigned the team will vested for days. natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn the natmin node any person can register the platform and apply become natmin node. natmin node physical user that can stake nat tokens within the platform eligible participate dispute transactions. natmin node can earn tokens for assessing the supporting documents dispute transaction and then cast vote accordingly. natmin node will only able earn tokens for doing work the platform. natmin node will not able earn tokens for purely holding natmin tokens (nat). natmin node will earn tokens equal the allotted transaction fee. natmin node will automatically receive tokens when the transaction ends successfully and the node's vote counted towards the success the transaction. please see the section "the node voting process" for more detailed explanation. dispute transaction will have votes and needs success rate least that means voters needs favour successful transaction. natmin nodes will earn points their contribution the voting system. this inspires confidence the voting system and increases your earning potential. natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn natmin transaction fees successful uncomplicated transaction transaction without dispute) will subjected fixed transaction fee. this payable the seller and will deducted from the seller amount the successful completion the transaction. this fixed transaction fee will paid back the natmin system cover related blockchain transaction costs and system operating costs. disputed transaction will carry cost additional fixed fee which payable the party fault. this fee will determined the system and according the feedback from the platform users. this fee can always change any time without prior notice. the dispute fee will distributed according the table below. for example: dispute made relation transaction, the dispute fee will the will distributed set out below. beneficiary transaction fee amount natmin (operating costs) node (voting payment) node (voting payment) node (voting payment) node (voting payment) node (voting payment) the natmin node must qualify receive the "voting payment". please see the section "the node voting process" below for explanation how qualify for payment. natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn the node voting process all voting will done anonymously, and nodes will not able see what other nodes voted. nodes will paid the allotted dispute fee. eligible receive payment for the vote, the vote needs the majority side the decision. when the node needs assess the supporting documents and vote, the following question will asked: was the supporting documents sufficient complete the transaction successfully? the nodes will then need vote either yes after they assessed the supporting documents. (these are some example votes). example node vote result will node paid? node yes yes node node yes yes node yes yes node yes yes this example will end being successful transaction and the payment will released the seller. example node vote result will node paid? node yes node yes node yes node yes node yes this example will end being unsuccessful transaction and payment will returned the buyer. natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn the node points system when node qualifies receive payment for vote made dispute transaction, that node will also receive points accordingly. these points will viewed the node's reputation within the natmin platform. node will awarded points for completed transaction the vote qualified the node receive payment for that vote. this means the vote result was the majority side the decision (please refer the explanation and examples under the section "the node voting process"). node will deducted point for completed transaction the vote disqualified the node receive payment for that vote. this means the vote result was the minority side the decision (please refer the explanation and examples under the section "the node voting process"). node deducted total points, their rights act node will revoked and will not able apply again. this points system designed inspire confidence the voting process and promote truthful assessment the documentation provided dispute transaction. natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn aml/ctf policy anti-money laundering (aml) counter-terrorism financing (ctf) anticipation being regulated under the aml/ctf act, natmin pure escrow pty ltd will abide all rules and requirements the reporting body today. our customer due diligence requires know our customers (kyc). kyc requires record the name, residential address and date birth for every customer. will enforce this policy prove our desire prevent money laundering and terrorist financing. kyc will required for all customers (buyers and sellers) using the natmin platform. will also required for all participants the token generation event (tge). incorporation details country australia date jun abn acn links https://abr.business.gov.au/abn/view?abn= https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/registrysearch/faces/landing/searchregisters.jspx?_adf.ct rl-state=gyleaqo_ natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn fund distribution research and development (%) marketing (%) administration (%) operations (%) legal (%) unforeseen expenses (%) research and development this includes all research and development for the smart contracts, web app and both mobile apps (android and ios). marketing these funds will used for sales and marketing, brand development and awareness, advertisements and seo. administration this used for company expenses including (but not limited to) office space, equipment and recruitment expenses. operations this will cover the running costs all platforms not the blockchain well the expansion the natmin community. legal all costs involved regarding the legal processes and licensing operate various countries around the world. unforeseen expenses this will cover all expenses not mentioned already. natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn token distribution total supply tokens will created and tokens will made available for sale during the initial token sales. public sale (%) pre-sale (%) private sale (%) team (%) advisers (%) long-term operations (%) future development (%) all referral bonus tokens, airdrop tokens and tokens assigned the team will vested for days. there will softcap, meaning the project will continue despite the amount raised. the token price usd per nat eth nat. also offer bonus purchases. there significant movement with the price eth, the pegged price eth nat will adjusted keep the balance per nat. natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn roadmap late demo platform launched private ethereum blockchain q/q token generation event (tge) team expansion after successful tge closed alpha the web app and smart contracts will launched for testing beta release the web app platform and smart contracts production release the web app and smart contracts platform client integration api the natmin marketplace where buyers and sellers can use our escrow mobile app release for android mobile app release for ios adding fiat conversion the platform increase wider popularity onwards additional features added increase functionality natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn senior team leaders jaco swanepoel founder ceo for the past several years have been the owner successful cloud application development company. specialize the blockchain decentralized applications, smart contract development and conventional cloud applications. profile rebecca swanepoel co-founder cmo have background social media marketing and bachelor education degree from une. enjoy creative writing and dabble javascript, html and website design. profile frederik lund legal advisor attorney law have significant experience within company law and general business law. help international companies establish and business norway. profile natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn lisa cashen community director for the past two decades have had extensive experience various aspects customer service, and genuinely enjoy helping people with any questions problems they may have. have also been involved content writing and editing for the last five years. profile monika shaw head accounting being registered tax agent and also member the national tax and accountants association, allows share business advice that can help take the stress out accountancy. profile jason jones senior developer the last five years have been predominantly involved the full microsoft stack, developing using windows forms, wpf, asp.net webforms (mvc with web api more recently) with and wcf application/middle/top layer technologies and microsoft sql server variants the data tier. profile natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn ong jun hao strategy advisor founder blockconnectors.io top advisory for blockchain and cryptocurrency firms singapore. consulted for more than initial token offering (ito). build total community more than across multiple token sale projects. raised more than million for all projects collectively. passionate about cryptocurrency and the underlying technology, blockchain. deep understanding the cryptocurrency market. amassed over followers telegram (https://t.me/cryptoanalysistm). profile olga kuznetsova marketing specialist olga has over years marketing experience various industries. she has directed number marketing teams and implemented many national-wide marketing strategies, using both traditional and digital tactics. olga has extensive experience implementing customer relationship management (crm) systems, including customisations, user training and adoption. profile darrell emmanuel investment asset management mr. emmanuel has more than ten years' experience the financial industry, was introduced venture capital worked associate for brooklyn capital. also has deep knowledge the tech world the height the dot.com era co-founded company called internet buying guide.com. has worked for global maxfin investments the district manager for the city vancouver. has also worked for rbc royal bank, investors group and freedom, before starting asset management. profile natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn boris otonicar blockchain advisor boris otonicar has master's degree psychology and economics from university zurich. has also certificate blockchain specialist bvs. consults companies blockchain issues and ico advising for different projects like coinlancer, districts, bitxoxo etc. listed expert and advisor different platforms like ico bench, idacb etc. profile timo trippler investment advisor timo trippler ico advisor and entrepreneur with fintech and insurtech industry background. expert financial market and risk management with years experience financial transactions. advised various successful ico projects and manages multiple crypto fund portfolios. has been working blockchain field since and had large number various icos under his advice. profile miikka saloseutu strategic marketing advisor miikka ico strategic marketing advisor. also ico bench ranked advisor. founder icotokennews.com and cryptocoinjudge.com websites. experienced marketing professional with demonstrated history working the internet industry with many challenging projects relating search engine optimization (seo), venture capital investments, angel investments, e-commerce optimization, sales, initial coin offerings, crypto currencies and pay per click (ppc) marketing. profile natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn sydney ifergan ico advisor sydney has years commercial experience and has spent the last years working the online marketing arena and was the cmo for large brokerage. profile natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn contacts website www.natmin.io email support@natmin.io telegram https://t.me/natminpureescrow facebook https://www.facebook.com/natminpureescrow/ twitter https://twitter.com/natminpe github https://github.com/natminpureescrow medium https://medium.com/natmin-pure-escrow bitcointalk https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic= reddit https://www.reddit.com/user/natmin bitcoin forum https://forum.bitcoin.com/post.html youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmqvqwiqy&t natmin pure escrow pty ltd acn abn