disclaimer this document, called white paper from now onwards, has been prepared introduce the innovaminex project potential participants and all those interested contributing its development. possible that the following information might not complete. neither does represent any contractual relationship. sole purpose provide information innovaminex. part this white paper shall considered commercial leaflet collaboration request. neither shall considered, any way, offer purchase shares any jurisdiction whatsoever. this document has not been written according to, nor subject to, any law regulation from any particular jurisdiction with the purpose protecting the interested parties. certain statements, estimates and financial information contained this white paper constitute ante report. such statements ante report imply risks and uncertainties that may cause that the real events results materially differ from the estimates the implicit results expressed such statements. the spanish version the white paper the main and only official source information related the innovaminex project and its issue minx. the information contained this document could translated into other languages might used establish verbal written communication channels with potential partners members the project. result its translation, part the information contained this document might omitted, corrupted distorted. the event any inconsistency between the official white paper written spanish and any its translations communications, the provisions the original document spanish shall have priority and shall prevail. innovaminex reserves the right make changes the white paper. the event any difference differences between the different versions the document, the last version the white paper published the www.innovaminex.com web site shall prevail, and any other version previously published shall deemed invalid all its iterations and representations. the applicable jurisdiction for anyone willing purchase minx shall the one established the spanish territory, not being innovaminex responsible for the regulations the country origin the buyer. the information contained this white paper and https://www.innovaminex.com has purely descriptive character, non-binding and not part the terms and conditions for the generation minx (henceforward, the "terms"). notably, the concerned party should aware that the purchase innovaminex minx could entail high risks. please, consult the section risks the terms obtain further information. any interested party does purchase minx, innovaminex might request him/her personal information information about the procedence the perceived funds. whitepaper updated: market industry precious metals investment gold ore the price gold silver ore the price silver what mining? mining methods the mining life cycle important concepts green mining mining concessions hat innovaminex mining project vereda guayaquil gold deposit polymetallic mine why this mine? situation our first exploitation production costs security controls companies and licenses technical timing and timing for the commencement works other mining projects e-commerce atms gross margin projects minx: our cryptocurrency minx utility loyalty program minx value minx details minx distribution whitepaper updated: roadmap team advisors ambassadors partners social project whitepaper updated: market and industry precious metals investment precious metals are unique assets: they are scarce, albeit highly liquid. they not only have financial value, but they also have emotional and cultural value attached them. investors range from individuals pension funds and sovereign wealth funds, located both, developed and emerging markets. gold: the most precious metal "the modern gold market picture diversity and growth. since the early the volume gold produced each year has tripled, the amount gold bought annually has quadrupled and gold markets have flourished across the globe" key facts that investors should know: gold main asset driven many factors, not just investment demand. gold one the most effective diversifiers. gold provides competitive returns compared other important financial assets. over time, fiduciary coins, including dollars, tend lose value compared gold. hence, the combination these factors means that adding gold portfolio can improve risk-adjusted returns. ttps://www.gold.org/about-gold/gold-demand whitepaper updated: demand for gold presently gold being purchased cluster consumers and investors that much more diverse than any given time history. annual average gold demand: tons us$ billion demand estimates sector the different uses gold jewellery, investments, technology, the reserve central banks make different market sectors reach prominence different times the global economic cycle. this diversity demand and the self-balanced nature the gold market sustain the solid qualities gold investment asset. (*) based -year average demand estimates ending figures may not add due rounding. source: thomson reuters gfms, world gold council whitepaper updated: silver: another precious metal investment silver considered the small sister investment gold, much that silver follows the movements gold very closely. facts and data investors should consider: even though silver follows the movements gold, moves much faster. for every variation the price gold, silver does silver together with gold safe investment, since throughout history has always maintained its status precious metal. offers competitive returns, only behind gold. annual average silver demand: tons over was destined for industrial use. over was converted into coins and bars. over was used jewelry. the remaining was used for cutlery. (*) source: the silver institute. can see, silver metal with very diversified demand, which plays positive role maintaining its value precious metal. the photovoltaic and electronic industries constantly use silver due its unique properties. whitepaper updated: gold ore gold one the minerals most exploited since ancient times humankind. the uniqueness this material, its beauty and its ability remain unchanged over time, has served maintain its great value since the dawn time. among the physical properties gold are its remarkable conductivity electricity and heat. also highly resistant almost virtually all existing chemicals, except regal water (mixture hydrochloric acid and nitric acid), and substances such potassium sodium cyanide, the latter being used industrially release gold (known "gold cyanidation"). this material's inalterability and ease manipulated have allowed jewelry and ornamentation industries utilise multiple shapes and for different uses. the price gold undoubtedly, gold precious commodity the stock market. fact, there have been times when price increased significantly, occurred the decade that began with price per troy ounce which rose i.e., over just years. experts point out that are presently living very similar environment the one existing the fact, the pattern behavior very similar. therefore, are facing positive outlook where experts, such etf securities, suggest that inflation can take place whereas negative real interest rates are positive for gold. whitepaper updated: silver ore silver has been considered precious metal for over years. was used for the first time currency the greeks about b.c. here what makes silver the perfect metal for many sectors boosting its global demand: its malleability and ductility. its characteristic brilliance due its capacity reflect light. its very high electrical conductivity, making silver the favorite metal the technological industry, along with gold. its medical applications, being able, for example, cross the cell walls bacteria without damaging human cells, while destroying the reproductive capacity the former. the price silver the last fifty years, the price silver has quadrupled, from just over per ounce the early almost per ounce today; exceeding two occasions the amount per ounce. what mining? mining defined that activity that focuses the search, exploitation and extraction minerals, constituting one the most important tasks within the primary sector the economy worldwide. fact one the oldest existing activities. the interest finding and extracting minerals has remained unchanged through the centuries our present day. depending what type mineral the mining activity focuses on, one can differentiate between metallic mining gold, silver copper, for instance whitepaper updated: non-metallic quarry mining, where materials such marble mica are extracted; energy mining, which extracts fuels such oil natural gas. there also what called green mining which, while carrying out extraction activities, minimize environmental hazards. mining methods mining activities are divided into open-pit and underground mining. open-pit mining they focus the exploitation minerals through the stripping removal vegetation and upper layers the surface. i.e., part the soil removed order access deposits buried under it. this type exploitation can divided into open-pit mining per se, which consists extracting minerals great depths, and strip mining, where these are closer the surface. underground mining our mines underground mining, subsoil mining, based the construction tunnels and underground galleries which allow better access the minerals. galleries are accessed through what known pitheads underground mining much more environmentally friendly activity than open-pit mining. underground mining can divided, turn, into drift mining, performed horizontal galleries; slope mining, where the galleries are inclined; shaft mining, where the work carried out vertically. further division can done depending the technique extraction performed the galleries, which can sinking what known room and pillar. whitepaper updated: the mining life cycle mining there are several work stages. discovery, prospecting and exploration work mine begins with its discovery. prospecting and exploring focus finding out there any mineral extract, how much there and where located. this work carried out geologists and engineers, well other specialists different subjects. they must carry out exhaustive study the deposit probability success, taking into consideration its size and grade, the initial investment, its risks and the project's strength exploitation once the mining company has evaluated the studies and the probabilities the project, the deposit found viable, begins plan the extraction, reaching investment agreements and looking for possible buyers investors, among other issues. other factors take into consideration are the kind engineering used, its costs, the local legislation and environmental regulations force. important concepts when making estimate resources order establish the economic viability mining deposit, the more samples obtained within the deposit, the higher the reliability the estimate. resources are classified according their degree reliability, being the the measured resources the most reliable ones. these are defined through samples that are very close each other, allowing confirm with the utmost certainty that the intermediate resources between the samples really exist. whitepaper updated: samples are further detached from each other, the degree certainty about the presence minerals between samples reduced, although can still estimated with some certainty. these are known ndicated resources inferred resources refer those resources for which there are quantitative estimates based the geological knowledge the deposit question but for which there are still measurements samples, these are scarce and far apart. hence, the continuity the deposit between both samples cannot ensured. nonetheless these resources can used carry out preliminary economic study. mining reserves are those mineral resources whose exploitation can truly demonstrated through feasibility study performed within mining project. when talking about underground mining, only those mineral resources within the measured and indicated category and which can exploited through specific mining method, should included. probable reserves are those resources the indicated category that has been demonstrated that can extracted using determined mining plan. green mining mining not performed correctly, can cause significant environmental impact and lasting damage over time. mining involves three basic tasks: extraction, transport and processing minerals. these are divided into sub-tasks such surface and underground operations, the use fertilizers and the construction structures. this not only affects the environment negatively, also affects nearby communities, causing negative impact (pollution, noise, etc.) the well-being and health its inhabitants. order prevent all these activities from negatively impacting the environment, green mining has been developed. the case colombia this type exploitation becoming the main concern for companies engaged the country's mining. whitepaper updated: green mining focuses mainly five different aspects: seeking community development. concern for the well-being the local population the mining areas essential. thus, worthwhile employment promoted, appropriate public structures are developed and communities are offered education and training. preserving the water. companies are responsible for not spilling any polluting substances into rivers, aquifers, seas oceans. protecting the environment. maintaining the landscape was before the mining activity through the use techniques such reforestation. performing efficient mining activities. taking full advantage all available technological and human resources. using renewable energy. taking advantage this type sources that aim preserving the environment. this kind mining proves that this activity does not necessarily mean the destruction everything that surrounds it, but rather, when developed properly, beneficial for everyone. mining concessions mining concession can defined "the set rights and obligations that the state which the mine located grants and confers natural legal person the nation itself, that can carry out activities exploration and exploitation the land that has been requested." the case colombia, its law includes the mining code, which establishes that the concession contract signed between the state and another entity also includes the phases technical exploration, economic exploitation the mineral benefit, among other issues. this concession, established article the aforementioned law, addition allowing the exploitation the minerals indicated the contract, offers the possibility obtaining benefits from those others that are intimately linked associated with them, are obtained byproducts the exploitation. whitepaper updated: for its duration, concession contracts are granted for year-term, from the date registration the contract. this duration can extended order continue with the exploitation phase. within this period, different stages are established: the exploration phase, spanning three years following the registration the contract; the construction and assembly phase, for the following three years; and the exploitation phase, the remaining time. however, extension two years may requested order complete add research and works aimed establishing the existence the minerals and the technical and economic feasibility their exploitation. further one year extension can requested for the construction and assembly period. whitepaper updated: hat nnovaminex innovative business model that uses blockchain technology guarantee the traceability precious metals. applying set procedures, possible certify the whole process, from its origin the mines, the refinery and the commercialization the end consumer. this commercialization done through our e-commerce, partner stores and our own atms. this will allow buyers verify the origin the metal they have acquired, insuring that the extraction legal, that the environment has been protected all times, that cannot used for money laundering, since all transactions are registered and the whole community has access them. our ultimate goal making gold and other precious metals more accessible all the people through our cryptocurrency, minx, obtaining the best possible price both for our clients and for our community, with emphasis being placed the transparency and safety our transactions. mining project far have mining projects known internally guayaquil, vizcaya, bolivar antioquia minex minex and tolima, which will begin operate gradually. the guayaquil processing plant already the construction and assembly stage, and gold ore being collected for further washing and processing. the start operations will take place the first months the tolima project will the last one begin, starting with the processing minerals all these projects are underground vein mining kind, i.e., they will extract minerals deposited fissures, cracks crevices rocky body. these minerals are different nature the rocks where they are embedded. hence, the mineral commercial interest thus extracted directly, causing minimum impact the surface where the mine located. mining titles are concession contracts with initial duration years, renewable for another years. since the oldest title began can whitepaper updated: renewed until the exploitable underground area granted the titles range from has. has. the surface the average maximum area affected only has. the first stage the project the exploitation mineral resources the beginning productive process that will generate real wealth. gold, silver and, some cases, zinc, will extracted from the earth along with other non-commercially interesting minerals. then they will processed beneficiation plant; refined (acquiring their highest purity) and later transformed into coins and bullions, thus reaching the utmost value. ereda guayaquil gold deposit currently, minexcorp working the vereda guayaquil project, the municipality pensilvania, department caldas (colombia). the importance mining this region that many international leading mining companies are settled here. therefore, with this project the corporation called wealth generator mining based (with the responsible environment, citizens and all stakeholders involved the project). whitepaper updated: thus, minexcorp, with the support innovaminex, plans create more than direct and indirect jobs around this project's area, having strong impact, not only the country's general economy, but also the economy and employment the local rural population. addition, this mining company, aware the need protect the environment, defends green mining. therefore the techniques uses the extraction minerals produce minimum impact the environment. polymetallic mine the vereda guayaquil mining project, colombia, focuses polymetallic mine, that is, deposit where, addition gold, other materials great value, such silver and zinc, can found. consists three veins: guayaquil, morena and vizcaya, which inferred resources around troy ounces gold are estimated. the initial exploitation target will carried out three sections the guayaquil vein, with proved reserves approximately troy ounces. why this mine? everyone knows that colombia has gone through difficult years due the presence guerrillas and paramilitary groups its territory. however, the recent peace agreement signed with the government has opened the opportunity recover mining areas that could not exploited with guarantees since the (or even before), due the presence these groups outside the rule law. with the signing the peace process, these mining titles are now optimal conditions for large-scale exploitation. coinciding with the new climate peace and the final completion previously granted mine license, has been possible unlock the exploitation and mining extraction this particular project. situation our first exploitation geological reports made independent professionals have determined proved reserves around troy ounces measurements made has-. this calculation has been made analyzing control samples taken only from small portion the entire deposit. whitepaper updated: within the entire territory while there necessary explorations find out the total reserves that really exist are still missing- inferred resources troy ounces gold have been estimated the three main veins the mine. should noted that these estimates have never been performed below the altitude above sea level. may very well that some parts the gold vein extends deeper, and that other sub-veins and derivations that could also contain some more gold reserves have not been considered. production costs order start mining, infrastructures are needed, both for the exploration and exploitation periods. however, investments this aspect can considerably reduced due several factors. processing plant with capacity tons per day that can increase tons has been planned. revenues are obtained during exploitation, the size the plant will increase and, consequently, the volume material that can processed per day. another factor that will reduce initial investment costs the decision leave the development certain studies, analysis and sampling for later, when gold already mined and produced. only making decisions like will allow for the reduction the initial investment and for this project generate greater benefits that will shared with the innovaminex community. security controls security, both individuals and goods, governed what has been set out the colombian mining law, article the construction the works and the execution the exploitation works, measures must adopted and maintained, and personnel and material resources must available preserve the life and integrity the persons linked the company and possibly third parties, accordance with current regulations safety, hygiene and occupational health. added value, innovaminex will commission, whenever necessary, external audits comply with these regulations. whitepaper updated: companies and licenses innovaminex participates minexcorp, this being the majority shareholder minera guayaquil sas, the colombian company that carries out all exploration and exploitation work. this company has the rights over the concession mining titles if-, iib-x and iib-, which make deposit slightly over has. technical timing and timing for the commencement works currently exploration work has been completed, hence time start the exploitation phase. presently, the working and exploitation plan the the area has already been granted, and resources such electricity running water are readily available. whitepaper updated: estimated that production will start the first quarter initially between and tons will processed per day, steadily growing reach tons. other mining projects the vizcaya, bolivar antioquia minex minex and tolima projects total more than has. explored. the next years, the rehabilitation and construction the guides will start, well the beneficiation plant for the extraction minerals. whitepaper updated: e-commerce e-commerce consists mainly the development market actions, sales, customer service, portfolio management, logistics management and, general, any commercial event exchange information carried out through the internet. nowadays, e-commerce has become very successful tool for the business world thanks the openness and ease access the internet. the advantages obtained well-developed virtual businesses are, the one hand, the globalized market expansion that achieved and, the other hand, the speed with which businesses are handled. the innovation and use new technologies have given way changes that have improved communications with clients and the company. strengths electronic commerce: creation business opportunities and new ways distributing products and services. unlimited access customers any geographical area. opening new markets and expansion within them. increased competitiveness and quality service. rapid response needs and shorter non-existent delivery chains, which can turn lead final price reduction. better control clients and orders. thanks e-commerce anyone can make almost any transaction without leaving home. that why want display catalog various gold, silver and platinum products, aimed large cryptocurrency communities. will offer and even ozt coins and ingots order improve and diversify the investment portfolio. the purchase process goes like this: the client selects the currencies he/she interested and initiates the payment process which, for consistency and convenience purposes, must also done with cryptocurrencies. although the most relevant part this purchase process able with minx obtaining discounts. finally, the order arrives the client's home. whitepaper updated: atms atms will designed and manufactured for the purchase and sale cryptocurrencies, including minx. besides cryptocurrencies, gold coins from our different collections can also purchased, being later delivered the address the client desires. software the software that will created for atms will also used create modules, extensions and plug-ins that will used payment method online stores well physical sale points usi. they will use minx and bitcoin among other cryptocurrencies means payment, thus providing high added value our project. want commercialize two atm models equipped with the latest technological advances regarding physical security against thefts and computer security. being identical software functionality and bill processing capacity, they will only differ their physical appearance. these atms are equipped with double-track bills recycler that will allow users obtain cryptocurrencies exchange for their fiat money and exchange their cryptocurrencies for regular bills. this recycler will accept and dispense banknotes the world's main currencies. advanced telematic system will allow our atms configured, managed and monitored from any place the internet, but always keeping the maximum guarantees computer security. this will allow control all atms remotely, and connect them any time order repair any abnormality their functioning. business profitability based the commercial margins applied the purchasing and selling prices the different cryptocurrencies. whitepaper updated: with the help the community and our atms intend have least one cash machine per major city, where will possible buy sell minx, well deliver our gold and silver coins everywhere. gross margin projects the generation resources starts with the extraction minerals from our mines and their purchase from other external mines, well their subsequent refining and commercialization, providing with estimate the following financial data the next five years: estimate ross margin sales billion illion billion estimated total: billion the benefit for innovaminex from the mining project would the profits minexcorp, our mining partner. whitepaper updated: minx: cryptocurrency minx utility using our cryptocurrency you will get the following benefits: mines: encourage our clients purchase with minx, offering them more benefits and discounts. e-commerce: minx will the preferential currency our on-line store. the best discounts and fees precious metals will obtained here. exchange: minx will present several exchange platforms, where will possible buy, sell exchange for other digital currency fiat money. atms: will also possible purchase sale minx our points sale and atms. participant stores: minx will able used for payments major platforms and small partner stores. loyalty program offer our clients highly attractive and distinctive advantages and incentives. this way will manage maintain long-term relationship with them while increasing our community, thus enabling become the leading e-commerce gold and precious metals worldwide. innovaminex will reward the loyalty our clients quarterly investing their benefits the loyalty program. exclusive information: our clients will receive exclusive information the interest rates the gold and precious metals market, and their relationship with the world cryptocurrencies. will also produce information materials such guides, tools and exclusive contents related our products. promotions: clients will receive discount vouchers exchangeable our e-commerce for any gold and precious metal products present our catalogue. whitepaper updated: discounts: sers who make use minx any our business chain points (mines, refinery, e-commerce crypto-cashiers) and participating businesses, will enjoy important discounts, well other possible advantages. will create large minx community, will able offer what can call early catalog offer (promotions), eliminating the costs intermediaries and, therefore, offering more attractive prices (discounts), thanks the control the entire business chain precious metals, well the implementation the flow all processes through our blockchain, which addition will serve certify and guarantee the whole process exploitation and commercialization our precious metals. therefore, will stand out one the most attractive "utility token" within the wide universe cryptocurrencies. minx value just like any digital asset that takes off, want strengthen the value our cryptocurrency, i.e., want generate demand and work such way that will enjoy constant growth stable and secure way. here are the main keys minx that will allow reach such objectives: through our fidelity program, innovaminex will distribute discount coupons exchangeable for our gold and precious metal products among the owners minx that have supported the project. this means that minx already has value all itself, opposed many other cryptocurrencies that not offer anything extra when keeping them portfolio. gold demand already exists! thus, not need generate any demand. other crytpocurrencies need inform and convince investors that they are interesting investment. gold does not need convince anyone. gold means security and its demand increases steadily, independently the economic scenario. this demand have add the fact that offer important discounts whomever purchases our precious metals with minx large corporations, financial institutions and governments, small companies and final clients alike will acquire gold the best possible price besides being the purest and the highest quality they through minx. whitepaper updated: all this turns minx into very sought-after digital asset both consumers and savers. minx details innovaminex has created decentralized cryptocurrency stemming from technologically thriving concept, and experienced team that actively contributes the development the currency. these two factors are already attracting many users around the world. type: utility token. symbol: minx. decimals: minx). volume: million minx. circulating: minx. technology: erc. during the minx launch kyc and aml processes were strictly followed, order purchase the minx. all participants had provide their personal information receive their minx their personal wallet. minx token not represent company shares grant rights over the distribution income voting rights. from the point view symbolic economy, minx payment cryptocurrency, therefore, there guarantee future value the innovaminex token. minx distribution the total number minx issued minx. the total circulating minx, during the first year, minx, distributed follows: sold minx innovaminex (team, partners) minx whitepaper updated: marketing (bounty) minx marketing (affiliates) minx marketing (win wheel gifts) minx the initial minx tokens distribution has been follows: innovaminex project million coins the project, distributed among marketing and legal departments, and partners. will unblock this amount every year, for years. development million coins for the project development team, from the initial phases the completion the minx sale. this team includes advisors and external companies that have bet our project. minx tokens unblocked every year, during years. sale: million coins have been put sale. minx tokens will unlocked each year, the way described above. the minx tokens distribution january will follows: annually, the minx will released the non-circulating volume, provided that the following conditions are met: minx token price must higher than usd (reference value coinmarketcap.com). the monthly volume must minimum usd. the unlocking will done pro-rated between the months each year, thus trying not damage the market price. any the two conditions indicated point not met, the minx tokens that should the market will burned, therefore making the value the tokens reinforced, for all the users the minx community. the revision these conditions will carried out monthly. the amounts minx tokens that each monthly delivery correspond the team, the partners the developers, any the described conditions not met, they will not delivered and they will also burned. whitepaper updated: part the profits generated the sale minx these new phases (up for minx), will allocated our social projects (%) and our minx club (%), for the benefit all users with minx their wallets. whitepaper updated: road map our great project already underway, which implies the completion many tasks and many human resources involved, which will vary and increase the project grows. due this dynamism, and with the intention providing more accurate information works and deadlines, special roadmap has been developed accessible directly our website, show the forecasts all the milestones and all the advances that are being made, more reliable and updated way the day day. this roadmap can check at: www.innovaminex.com/en/roadmap whitepaper updated: team our team has created several successful companies, made profitable investments and managed fund with high returns for the investors. fernando garcia sanz hief executive officer david olaya betancourt egal director rafael enriquez irector innovation paco benito ommunications and social activity francisco montero trategy director whitepaper updated: julio perez-tome roman arketing director jaime krahe rade manager raul berlanga inancial director jaime valero hief administrative officer vincenzo giorgioni nstitutional relations director ivan garcia hief information officer whitepaper updated: ignacio naveilhan ull-stack developer rafa paez rand manager richard o'rourke esponsible english market jhon fredy garcia ramirez ining specialist jose david perez castrillon ining specialist andreas oti nilsson arket analyst whitepaper updated: manuel del palacio ata protection delegate nestor pavon cercas usiness analyst samantha aranda bendicho enelux ambassador advisors ambassadors kate bublik arketing advisor mohammed alsehli lockchain advisor mauro andriotto undraising advisor whitepaper updated: partners whitepaper updated: social project innovaminex are strongly committed the development the communities neighboring the mining project. the coming years will work closely with the community for them obtain short and long-term benefits. innovaminex are strongly committed the development the communities neighboring the mining project. much so, that the coming years will work closely with the community for them obtain short and long-term benefits, and not only the people from those communities who will offered job. currently, already have some these activities underway positively affect the communities. you can have look at: https://innovaminex.com/en/social whitepaper updated: