botxcoin future token for financial freedom white paper future token for financial freedom first release november www.botxcoin.com botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom table contents background ....................................................................................... what are cryptocurrency really .................................................... what botxcoin ........................................................................... algorithm botx app.................................................................. token issuance details ............................................................... token distribution ration ......................................................... initial token sale (its) .................................................................. pre-ico ......................................................................................... ico phase- ................................................................................. ico phase- ................................................................................. botxcoin token reserved company ................................ token usage ..................................................................................... affiliate marketing program ................................................... bounty program ............................................................................ botxpro exchange ........................................................................ trading fee discount ..................................................................... roadmap ............................................................................................. the motivated team ....................................................................... the advisors .................................................................................... disclamer .......................................................................................... botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom background nly few peoples known that satoshi nakamoto, the unknown inventor bitcoin, the first and still most important cryptocurrency, never intended invent currency. his announcement bitcoin late satoshi said developed peer-to-peer electronic cash system." his goal was invent something; many people failed create before digital cash. the single most important part satoshi's invention was that found way build decentralized digital cash system. the nineties, there have been many attempts create digital money, but they all failed. after seeing all the centralized attempts fail, satoshi tried build digital cash system without central entity. like peer-to-peer network for file sharing. this decision became the birth cryptocurrency. they are the missing piece satoshi found realize digital cash. the reason why bit technical and complex, but once get it, will know about cryptocurrencies than most people do. so, let's try make easy possible. realize digital cash need payment network with accounts, balances, and transaction. that's easy understand. one major problem every payment network has solve prevent the so-called double spending: prevent that one entity spends the same amount twice. usually, this done central server who keeps record about the balances. botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom decentralized network, don't have this server. need every single entity the network this job. every peer the network needs have list with all transactions check future transactions are valid attempt double spend. but how can these entities keep consensus about this records? the peers the network disagree about only one single, minor balance, everything broken. they need absolute consensus. usually, take, again, central authority declare the correct state balances. but how can achieve consensus without central authority? nobody did know until satoshi emerged out nowhere. fact, nobody believed was even possible. satoshi proved was. his major innovation was achieve consensus without central authority. cryptocurrencies are part this solution the part that made the solution thrilling, fascinating and helped roll over the world. what are cryptocurrencies really? take away all the noise around cryptocurrencies and reduce simple definition, find just limited entries database one can change without fulfilling specific conditions. this may seem ordinary, but, believe not: this exactly how can define currency. take the money our bank account: what more than entries database that can only changed under specific conditions? can even take physical coins and notes: what are they else than limited entries public physical database that can only changed match the condition botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom than physically own the coins and notes? money all about verified entry some kind database accounts, balances, and transactions. general and simple explanation, nowadays cryptocurrencies devide become types, coin and token. each them has different functions and features. many people believed that coin able mined and token not able. october market value the global cryptocurrencies base cmc (www.coinmarketcap.com) has reached billion usd and the worldwide daily exchange volume has reached billion usd. bitcoin (btc) the pioneer the cryptocurrency world dominances around and the remain occupied the new cryptocurrencies (around cryptocurrencies) with new technologies, new concepts, new functions and features have been emerging vigorously recent years. currently, there only cryptocurrencies who has market cap more than billion usd and their daily exchange volume each has reached around million usd until billion usd. one study claims that nowadays there more than millions active cryptocurrency users. comparing with more than billions population the world. still big room for cryptocurrency develop and increase the active users. botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom otxcoin token our cryptocurrency solution human limitation. using cutting edge technologies and partnership program, botxcoin token enables give passive income for the token holders our loyalty program. treat every single botxcoin token holder more than our investor, but also our partner. our partnership program, botxcoin token holder can utilize our trading robot application named "botx app" that able running major cryptocurrency exchanges all over the world. botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom algoritm botx app there are methods algorithm will used the robot development three pairing combination one exchange. robot calculate and find the gap pairing (market) one exchange. for example binance exchange bnb/btc eth/btc bnb/eth below data from real market november st, bnb/btc eth/btc bnb/eth buy btc with bnb, will get btc. buy eth with btc, will get eth. buy bnb with eth, will get bnb this transaction make profit deduction the transaction fee (transaction fee for bnb .%x and eth/btc .%) so, net profit can taken from this transaction .%. look the details, there always pricing gap between those three pairing the same time. robot will comparing and robot found profitable gap (include transaction fee), then robot will execute the transaction and token holder will get profit. the gap too small not profitable, robot will not execute the transaction. this method, there chance for loss. always profit. the robot will running every seconds for hours day. means while you sleep, the botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom robot never sleep and still working for you. token holder can make their own selection for these pairing major exchange. token holder can switch the robot from one exchange another exchange. very flexible system. token holder has their own freedom choose what exchange they want running this robot and for which cryptocurrencies pairing. the future botxpro (our own exchange) will inform token holder where the pairing and exchanges with the larger potential profit. pairing between two more exchanges. this method, robot will make comparison between the same pairing more exchanges. the requirement for running this method token holder must have balance each pair every exchange. having balance each pair and exchange, the robot can directly execute the transaction (if the comparison calculation show profit) without waiting for arbitration delay. for example eth/btc binance eth/btc hotbit. there profitable gap between both exchange, then robot will execute the transaction both exchange, one buy and one sell. this method, the token holder will get additional coin from that pairing, whether eth btc. this method always making profit whatever condition market, bullish market bearish market. botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom pairing between two more exchanges with arbitrage. this method almost same with above method but there additional process; balance asset zero than robot will execute the arbitrage process. this method will not applicable for token holder, but will use our botx server for getting profit support the loyalty program. (please see the loyalty program chapter token usage). bidding botxpro comparing top exchanges. this future methode which planned will running our own exchange botxpro (bot exchange pro). this method, robot will get the pricing data from top exchanges and make bid price (with profit and fee) botxpro exchange. the result robot guarantee the traders botxpro can get the competitive price botxpro compared with others exchange. this how our robot give win-win solution for trader and botxpro. base the our survey data, many new exchanges has low volume transaction and not competitive price, but different with our botxpro exchange that will high volume transaction and competitive price because has robot the guard the market. botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom otal issuance volume botxcoin million billion) botx. decentralized cryptocurrency issued the basis ethereum, also standard erc token based ethereum blockchain, botxcoin supports all the ethereum wallets. from this billion botxcoin total supply will divided billion botxcoin (%) for initial token sale (its) billion botxcoin (%) reserved company botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom token distribution ratio initial token sale (pre-ico ico) developing botpro exchange affiliate incentives, loyalty program, airdrop, bounty founders advisors team percentage botxcoin token for pre-ico percentage botxcoin token for ico phase percentage botxcoin token for ico phase percentage botxcoin token for developing and managing botxcoin exchange (botxpro) percentage botxcoin token for community initiatives, affiliate commission, loyalty program, airdrop, bounty program and long-term alignment interests percentage botxcoin token for founders reward percentage botxcoin token for advisors and team reward botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom initial token sale (its) its event which new cryptocurrency project sells all part its cryptographic tokens early adopters and enthusiasts exchange for funding. some peoples familiar with ico (initial coin offering) which exactly same meaning with its. this its has recently become well-documented way raise funds upscale existing product service. quick way bypass traditional funding routes gain access funds order speed development, which are much slower. the its botxcoin devide stages pre-ico (pre-initial coin offering) from total supply. pre-ico starts december st, singapore time (utc +). the details are follows: with eth, you get botxs there are only botxcoin available for sale the minimum purchase for botxcoin (five) eth there maximum purchase for botxcoin long the botxcoin token are still available for sale pre-ico starts from december st, singapore time (utc pre-ico ends december th, singapore time (utc token will distributed about february pre-ico can closed earlier incase the token sold out. botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom botxcoin tokens may purchased with eth the following website: www.botxcoin.com special condition for those who wish buy botxcoin tokens with btc: the applicable exchange rate (as the time conversion btc eth) derived from www.coinmarketcap.com will applicabled the conversion btc eth for the purposes determining botxcoin token entitlement. ico (initial coin offering) phase from total supply. ico phase starts december th, singapore time (utc +). the details are follows: with eth, you get botxs there are only botxcoin available for sale the minimum purchase for botx (one) eth there maximum purchase for botxcoin long the botxcoin tokens are still available for sale ico phase starts from december th, singapore time (utc ico phase ends december th, singapore time (utc token will distributed about february botxcoin tokens may purchased with eth the following website: www.botxcoin.com special condition for those who wish buy botxcoin tokens with btc: the applicable exchange rate (as the time conversion btc eth) derived from www.coinmarketcap.com will applicabled botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom the conversion btc eth for the purposes determining botxcoin token entitlement. ico (initial coin offering) phase from total supply. ico phase starts january th, singapore time (utc +). the details are follows: with eth, you get botxs there are only ,,, botxcoin available for sale there minimum purchase there maximum purchase for botxcoin long the botxcoin tokens are still available for sale ico phase starts from january th, singapore time (utc ico phase ends january th, singapore time (utc token will distributed about february botxcoin tokens may purchased with eth the following website: www.botxcoin.com special condition for those who wish buy botxcoin tokens with btc: the applicable exchange rate (as the time conversion btc eth) derived from www.coinmarketcap.com will applicabled the conversion btc eth for the purposes determining botxcoin token entitlement. the unsold botxcoin token during pre-ico, ico-phase ico-phase will burned automatically the end each period. botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom botxcoin token reserved company otal botxcoin tokens reserved company from original total supply billion botxcoin tokens. the purpose reserved used for developing and managing the botxcoin exchange named botxpro. held reserved botxcoin order fund future transactions and expand liquidity; partnerships required for future growth and expansion. commision for affiliate program. airdrop and loyalty program. founders and advisors reward for the development the botxcoin and their continued long-term involvement with the project. used for bounty programs and community initiatives reward developers, entrepreneurs, strategists and community members. availability: billion botxcoin tokens making and running botxpro exchange will locked for months. million botxcoin tokens will released immediately for affiliate commission, botdrop, bounty programs and community incentive. million botxcoin tokens founder reward will locked for months. million botxcoin tokens advisor and team reward. botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom token usage here are main utilities botxcoin tokens. these are all intertwined with the services provided botxcoin, meaning that botxcoin serves critical part the whole ecosystem: running trading robot application (botx app) botxcoin token can used for using the trading robot application (botx app). there sharing profit partnership program will applicabled this function. token holder will get from the trading profit and the rest will contributed company. loyalty program rewards airdrops for token holders (max million botxcoin tokens) botxcoin token can used the loyalty program get reward which same airdrop for token holders. this program will running until max million botxcoin tokens used up. the number token botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom rewards for each botxcoin will depend how big the profit raised botx app. this program able extended company using the profit which raised from the development the project. trading token botxcoin token will the main trading pair for all tokens and cryptocurrencies botxcoin exchange platform (botxpro). beside that the botxcoin token also can traded the major cryptocurrency exchanges the near future. botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom affiliate marketing program otxcoin has affiliate marketing program for its step initial coin offering that commences december st, singapore time (utc +). user refers another person (the "new purchaser") purchase botxcoin tokens using the aforementioned user's referral code, the said user will receive commission the form the botxcoin tokens purchased the new purchaser. botxcoin tokens received commission hereto will accorded the same rights other botxcoin token. botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom bounty program dditionally, botxcoin also has bounty program that open publicly order promote our community and token sale. users who apply for this program will receive botxcoin tokens for free exchange their effort running our campaigns, such as: telegram campaign, twitter campaign, written contest, etc. the botxcoin token crowd-sale runs between december st, until january th, and the bounty program will run throughout the crowdsale. for completing each activity, users will receive certain botxcoin tokens. the number all botxcoin tokens given out will calculated after the token sale ends. total max million botxcoin tokens will distributed the approved participants bounty program according the stakes accumulated against the total amount after february further details about this program will updated and can seen the website www.botxcoin.com botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom ithin one and half year from now on, this project will completed launching multi-cryptocurrencies exchange name botxpro. the underlying technologies supports infinite cryptocurrency trading pairs. the early phase, botxpro provides btc, eth, and usdt markets, which includes the trading pair botxcoin and various highly negotiable erc tokens. the support list will enlarged shortly the future. part our plan release unique feature and another revolutionary stable token which can help trader trade their assets larger exchange all over the world. transaction fee (trading fee) will .%. trading fee discount for botxcoin token holders with certain amount, will get discount trading fee. botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom roadmap quarter january platform idea the origin botxcoin platform idea. development the concept and business plan. quarter april elaboration platform elaboration botxcoin platform legal model various jurisdictions. quarter july attraction advisors botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom attraction advisors. development the botxcoin platform mock-up. technical audit. quarter september preparation for ico preparation for ico. development smart contract for botxcoin token release. continue the development the platform. ecosystem formation continuation. november official launching declaration the botxcoin ico plan, releasing official website www.botxcoin.com and publishing white paper public investors december ico conducting start the marketing campaign. pre-ico and ico conducting for months. quarter february botxcoin distribution distribute the botxcoin the wallet address purchasers. march loyalty program start the loyalty program for token holders. quarter may trading robot (botx app) beta version release launching the beta version trading robot (botx app). selected investor will invited try this beta version. botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom quarter july trading robot (botx app) full version release android/ios app token holders can start utilize the trading robot (botx app) their own trading account selected major exchanges. quarter november botxpro closed market launching the alpha version botxpro and start the trial for closed market. december botxpro beta market launching the beta version botxpro and start the trial for beta market. selected investors will invited try this beta version. quarter earlier june earlier botxpro full market launching the final version botxpro exchange and start the full trading function. selected major cryptocurrencies will traded and paired with botxcoin the main currency this exchange. botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom the motivated team agusman surya chief executive officer founder more than years experience various fields manufacturing, palm oil plantation, coal mining and blockchain. randi setiadi chief operation officer founder years experience development automation application and more than years experience property investment and various business. botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom ignatius aris chief technology officer more than years experience internet business, search engine marketing, social media marketing, digital ads, and blockchain technology. toguan wong head community toguan known successful entrepreneur with more than years experience product creation, product innovation and product branding. botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom advisors reinhard scholle strategy advisor more than years experience multinational company with remarkable career path that took reinhard scholle various executive positions diverse locations europe and asia. stephen moore business advisor experience prosecutes and manages international patent portfolios for corporations, and start-up ventures; handles investor remuneration, licensing, and competitive landscape analyses. smriti singh technology advisor currently pursuing masters information the university waikato, new zealand. work experienced blockchain technology along with cryptocurrency several cryptocurrency developers. juan luca international advisor experience one the leading international cryptocurrency exchanges advisor, helping investors who want invest digital assets such bitcoin, ether and litecoin. botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom important notice preamble this white paper current form being circulated the issuer for general information and invite investor feedback only the botxcoin platform (the "botxcoin platform") presently conceived and subject review and revision the directors the issuer, the advisers, and/or legal advisers the issuer. please not replicate distribute any part this white paper without this note accompaniment. part this white paper intended create legal relations between recipient this white paper, legally binding enforceable such recipient, against the issuer. botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom updated version this white paper may published date determined and announced the issuer due course. please read this section and the following sections entitled "preamble", "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forwardlooking statements", "third party information and consent other persons", "terms used", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer investment registration", and "risks and uncertainties" carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). while make every effort ensure that the material this white paper accurate and date, such material way constitutes the provision professional advice. the issuer does not guarantee, and accepts legal liability whatsoever arising from connected to, the accuracy, reliability, currency, completeness any material contained this white paper. investors and potential botxcoin token holders should seek appropriate independent professional advice prior relying on, entering into any commitment transaction based on, material published this white paper, which material purely published for reference purposes alone. botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom the botxcoin tokens are proprietary erc token standard cryptographic tokens developed and issued the issuer function the native utility token used the botxcoin platform network the means value exchange, power the botxcoin platform and incentivise the keeper nodes the botxcoin platform network. "erc token standard" means the set criteria, (including criteria relation functions and events) developed the ethereum community, which has met smart contract blockchain order enable inter-operability across multiple interfaces and distributed applications. the botxcoin tokens are not intended constitute securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment any jurisdiction. this white paper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment, solicitation for any form investment any jurisdiction. this white paper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice acquire, sell, any solicitation any offer the issuer acquire any botxcoin tokens nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. the issuer will deploy all proceeds from the sale the botxcoin tokens support ongoing development and growth the botxcoin platform, marketing, human resources, sales, and other operational activities. botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the acquisition botxcoin tokens and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this white paper. any agreement between the issuer and you participant the sale the botxcoin tokens the issuer (the initial token sale "its"), and relation any purchase botxcoin tokens governed only separate document setting out the terms and conditions (the "its terms") such agreement. the event any inconsistencies between the its terms and this white paper, the former shall prevail. the its (as referred this white paper) intended for, made directed only persons outside the united states america, and/or the prc and may acted upon only persons outside the united states america and the prc. accordingly, you are not eligible and you are not purchase any botxcoin tokens the lts you are located the united states america the prc the time your intended purchase purchase botxcoin tokens the lts. you are also not eligible and you are not purchase any botxcoin tokens the bxs you are citizen, resident, domiciled in, green card holder the united states america citizen, domiciled in, resident the prc. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this white paper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom distribution dissemination this white paper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. the issuer this white paper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice purchase, sell otherwise transact with botxcoin tokens and the fact presentation this white paper shall not form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. there are risks and uncertainties associated with the issuer and its business and operations, the botxcoin tokens, the bts, and the botxcoin platform. please refer the section entitled "risks and disclosures" set out the end this white paper. this white paper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this white paper prohibited restricted. part this white paper reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "third party information and consent other persons", "terms used", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer investment registration" and "risks and uncertainties". botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom disclaimer liability the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, botxcoin issuer and/or the distributor shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this white paper any part thereof you. representations and warranties botxcoin issuer and/or the distributor does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this white paper. botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom representations and warranties you you acknowledge that connection accepting and accessing all material and information this white paper, you hereby represent and warrant botxcoin issuer and/or the distributor following: you acknowledge and fully aware that the botxcoin tokens not constitute securities any form any jurisdiction; you agree and acknowledge that this white paper does not constitute and/or designed prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any jurisdiction solicitation for investment securities. you are not bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this white paper; you agree and acknowledge that regulatory authority has examined approved the information set out this white paper, action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution dissemination this white paper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with; you agree and acknowledge that this white paper, the undertaking and/or the completion the botxcoin token sale, future trading the botxcoin tokens any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not construed, interpreted deemed you indication the merits the botxcoin botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom issuer and/or the botxcoin tokens, the botxcoin token sale and the botxcoin's wallet (each referred this white paper); you understand that the distribution dissemination thus white paper, any part thereof any copy thereof, acceptance the same you, not prohibited restricted applicable law, any regulations rules your jurisdictions and any place where restrictions relation possession are applicable; you acknowledge and agree that order purchase any botxcoin tokens, the botxcoin tokens are not construed, interpreted, classified and/ treated as: any kind currency (in form fiat currencies) than cryptocurrency and/or digital money; any form investment instruments such debentures, stocks and/or shares that issues person and entity (whether botxcoin issuer and/or distributor); any rights, optional choices and derivatives respect such debentures, stocks and/or shares; any units collective investment scheme; any unites business trust; any form derivatives unites business trust; any other security class securities you understand and fully aware that the citizens, residents (tax otherwise), green card holders, the united states america, people's republic china botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom and the republic singapore are ineligible purchase botxcoin token referred this white paper; you acknowledge and fully aware term basic degree understanding any operation, functionally, usage, storage, transmission mechanism and/other material cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanism, blockchain technology and smart technology; you are fully aware and understand that the case where you wish purchase any botxcoin tokens, there are risks associated with botxcoin issuer and/or the distributor and their respective business and operations the botxcoin tokens, the botxcoin token sale and the botxcoin's wallet; you agree and acknowledge that neither botxcoin nor the distributor liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential and/or other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits and loss use data) which arising out and/or relating any acceptance reliance this white paper any part thereof you; all above statements are true, complete, accurate and/or acceptance and non- misleading from the time your access and/or acceptance possession this white paper such part thereof (as the case maybe); botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom cautionary note forward-looking statements all statements the white paper (both made ores releases oral statements that may made botxcoin issuer and/or distributor) include forward- looking statements which reflect the distributor's current views with respect execution roadmap, financial performance, business strategy and future plan, both with respect the distributor and the sectors and industries which the distributor operates. statements which include the words "intend", "estimate", "intend", "if", "probable", ''expects'', ''plans'', ''believes'', ''projects'', ''anticipates'', ''will'', ''aims'', ''may'', ''would'', ''could'', ''continue'' and similar statements are future forward- looking nature. all forwardlooking statements address matters that involve risks and uncertainties. basically, all forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and many factors that may cause any future the results, performance achievements botxcoin and the distributors. the factors include follows: the change and/or alteration term social, politic, economic and stock cryptocurrency market condition instead the regulatory environment the countries which botxcoin and/or the distributor conduct its respective business and operations; the risk that botxcoin and/or the distributor may unable execute implement their respective business strategies and future plans; botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom change interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; growth strategies and expected internal growth botxcoin and/or the distributor; special and urgent condition such war act international domestic terrorism force majeure such occurrences catastrophic events, natural disaster and act god that affect the business and/or operations botxcoin and/or the distributors; other factors beyond the control botxcoin tokens, botxcoin and/or the distributor; any form risk and uncertainties associated with the botxcoin and the distributor and their business and operation, botxcoin tokens, the botxcoin tokens sale and the botxcoin's wallet (each referred this white paper) market and industry information and consent other persons order support the activity and operations, this white papers completing with several information includes market and industry information and also forecast that have been obtained from internal surveys and deeply research botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom based market research oriented. genuine believe all the research such surveys, report, studies, market research and publicly available information that designed and prepared from sources believed reliable. although the source reliable, but there can assurance and/or guarantee the accuracy completeness those information. case you save for botxcoin, the distributor and their affiliates has provided his her consent the inclusion his her name and/or other information attributed perceived attributed such person connection therewith this white paper and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information such person and such persons shall not obliged provide any updates the same. due botxcoin and/or the distributor make sure reasonable actions the information extracted with accurately and proper, hereby botxcoin and/or the distributor have not conducted and affiliated any independent review the information that extracted third party sources instead verified the accuracy completeness information. because those reason, botxcoin and/ the distributor nor their affiliates action behalf makes any representation warranty the accuracy and/or completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom mechanism and terms used order facilitate better understanding and the meaning the botxcoin tokens being offered for purchase the distributor, and the businesses and operations botxcoin and/or the distributor, certain technical terms and abbreviations, well as, certain instances, their descriptions, have been used this white paper. these descriptions and assigned meanings should not treated being definitive their meanings and may not correspond standard industry meanings usage. the limitation and scope for words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. references persons shall include corporations. advice/recommendation/guidance botxcoin and/or the distributor strongly urges and remind that none information this white paper should considered and/ construed business, legal, financial tax advice regarding botxcoin, the distributor, the botxcoin tokens, the botxcoin token sale and the botxcoin's wallet (each referred the white paper). matter with this section, botxcoin and/or the distributor has recommended you consult your own legal, financial, tax other botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom professional adviser regarding botxcoin and/or the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the botxcoin tokens, the botxcoin token sale and the botxcoin's wallet (each referred the white paper). you should fully aware and understands that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase botxcoin tokens for indefinite period time. further information update person authorised does not provide information representations not listed this white paper respect the botxcoin tokens, the botxcoin token sale and the botxcoin's wallet (each referred the white paper) and, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorized behalf botxcoin and/or the distributor. the botxcoin token sale (as defined white paper) shall not under any circumstances continuous representation make suggestions implications that changes, developments are likely involve material changes the affairs, conditions and prospects botxcoin and distributor any statement fact information contained this white paper since the date this agreement. botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom restrictions distribution and dissemination the distribution dissemination this white paper any its parts may prohibited restricted law, any regulatory requirements and regulations any jurisdiction. the event that any restrictions apply, you must notify yourself, and observe, any restrictions applicable you have this white paper any part thereof (at issue) your own expense and without obligation botxcoin and distributor. duplicate cases, persons who have copies this white paper have been distributed disseminated, given access who owns the white paper owns may not share with others, reproduce distribute this white paper information contained herein for any purpose not allowing causing the same happen. risks and uncertainties prospective purchasers instead buyers botxcoin tokens (referred this white paper) shall consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with botxcoin, the distributors and businesses and their respective operations, botxcoin tokens, botxcoin token sale and botxcoin's wallet (respectively mentioned this white paper), all the information contained this white paper and prior the purchase botxcoin tokens. such risks and uncertainties develop into actual botxcoin white paper rev. botxcoin future token for financial freedom events, businesses, financial conditions, results operations and prospects botxcoin and distributors may materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all any the botxcoin token values. botxcoin white paper rev.