now token whitepaper changenow.io table contents now token table contents abstract common problems and changenow solutions centralization security issues lack transparency poor customer service usability changenow instant exchange development roadmap changenow token (now) erc token issuing bep token issuing allocation gradual airdrop for exchange users for affiliate partners private sale allocation schedule bounties bug bounty content production now token value why use changenow why use now tokens vesting plan for the team decentralized service ecosystem abstract changenow platform consisting various products aimed making interactions with the crypto world easy and smooth possible. changenow's main goal advance cryptocurrency mass adoption and help the crypto community work with crypto wherever they want, however they want. common problems and changenow solutions the world cryptocurrency projects changing high pace. keeping with the times, changenow was created with goal bringing the cryptocurrency industry new level resolving its common problems. centralization currently are counterintuitive situation where industry focused decentralization includes many centralized services dominating users' share. while cryptocurrencies give their possessors freedom from regulations and authorities, centralized exchanges and hosted wallets accumulate users' funds, keeping the holders risk. our team has major focus decentralization. are building our ecosystem way that users have much control their funds possible. security issues centralization followed closely security problems. hundreds projects that store user funds are risk being hacked. moreover, even being attentive procedures possible and very precautious general, these projects can still suffer from the human error technology failures. despite all the efforts there lot space for potential breaches and issues that can lead loss great amounts money. changenow built with perfect security goal and has gone through multiple penetration tests. plus, seek minimise the possibility human error engaging the best technologies decentralized world. are intent continuing this way while keeping our standards high possible. lack transparency while cryptocurrencies strive improve transparency operations and transactions between users, most services still lack transparency their internal operations and mechanisms. even more so, most them keep their implementation details and inner operations secret which leads major distrust, possibility fraud, and alarms newcomers. concerning security measures and precautions, changenow takes all necessary steps transparent its operations and implementation details possible. poor customer service pursuit optimisation support teams often grow detached from developers. leads the most painful problems customer service, mainly, long response times and canned responses with real help the end user. yet, when comes the financial sphere, amount service and attention users should enough. our support team has already done significant job making our customer service smooth and efficient possible. support integrated into our daily activities and users always get high-quality and thorough answers hours day, days week. usability cryptocurrencies and services around them are relatively young and have lot usability issues. the necessity deal with keys, addresses, hashes and verifications can very stressful, especially for inexperienced users. cryptocurrency platforms require intuitive user interfaces order easily adopted customers. technology should serve them, optimizing their lives and improving their experience. this trend the cryptocurrency world that strongly support. changenow not only technology but also user experience. every small detail that can simplify the exchange process and make more pleasant for the users our priority. changenow instant exchange changenow wide product ecosystem aimed making our clients' user experience while interacting with cryptocurrencies easy, efficient, and pleasant possible, including array services such instant crypto exchange service, lightning node, token swap service, crypto payment system, and much, much more. changenow stays honest with its customers and collects hidden inflated fees. the timing the transaction remains rather short. depending the transaction volume, the processing speed can take little minutes. development roadmap september initial instant exchange platform launch; complete march api for developers release; complete march official affiliate program launch; complete may now token issued the ethereum blockchain; complete may extended instruments for partners affiliate program: widgets, buttons, api libraries; complete july, fixed-rate exchanges for partners; complete july, present integrations with multiple partners and service providers september improve mobile user experience: android app launch october fixed-rate exchanges available publicly; complete april new infrastructure services introduction: lightning now, nowpayments, now nodes, asset listing campaign, premium lounge, now swaps; progress april binance chain token issuing complete april, binance dex (bep now) and other exchanges (erc now) listing progress new feature introduction and now token use cases changenow token (now) may st, changenow has issued the changenow token. now had been launched the ethereum blockchain using the erc standard, with the emission migrated onto the binance chain april rd, now token (erc/bep) circulating supply: type: erc token ticker: now full name: changenow token decimals: total supply: now* type: bep token ticker: now-e full name: now token decimals: total supply: now april now tokens the initial erc emission) have been burnt the ethereum blockchain sending them the address. transaction ids the token burn: https://etherscan.io/tx/xbcebdaeedaabcaff aab https://etherscan.io/tx/xeccfbbcacebfcfedad ddbdcaa erc token issuing launch, smart contract based the ethereum network had been written and deployed for the implementation the now token, with the smart contract source code published openly our github account https://github.com/changenow-io the contract controls the following functionality: now tokens issuance now tokens transmittance bep token issuing april half the now erc token emission has been burnt and released the binance mainnet under the bep standard (now-e ticker) with total supply now. link now token the binance chain: https://explorer.binance.org/asset/now-e allocation after now token has been issued the binance chain and burned the ethereum chain, token allocation remains the same. proportion, amount purpose gradual airdrop for exchange users and affiliate partners available for purchase private investors advisors and evangelists reserve fund for development needs reserve fund for marketing needs reserve fund for risks prevention founding team bonuses gradual airdrop now tokens erc equivalent are being distributed gradually among the users and affiliate partners changenow. for exchange users every week until the limit now tokens reached will distributing tokens among all exchange users who wish participate the distribution. order participate, users should provide with their eth address during the exchange process. amount tokens allocated will determined proportionally the amount funds exchanged btc equivalent. proportion will derived the following way: before the now token listed centralized exchanges: btc equivalent exchange leads now (erc) airdrop after the now token listed centralized exchanges: btc equivalent exchange leads now (erc) airdrop for affiliate partners every week until the limit now tokens erc equivalent reached have been distributing tokens among all active affiliate partners, proportionally their turnover. order participate, partners should have provided with their eth address through their affiliate account. amount tokens allocated had been determined proportionally the amount funds exchanged btc equivalent. proportion had been derived the following way: btc equivalent exchange leads now airdrop december the gradual airdrop tokens for our affiliate partners have been paid out. private sale after the launch the now tokens, are inviting potential investors pass the investor questionnaire consisting the following items: description the investor's objectives, which they hope achieve taking part the sale information the source invested funds contacts amount planned investments based the acquired data, will compile white list, consisting persons allowed invest. are open all investors ready contribute least $,. order prevent the possible centralization tokens single hands, the maximum investment threshold has been determined. investment limits are subject change case significant market changes and drastic increase/decrease interest from potential investors. private sale will available only individuals and companies who have passed kyc procedure allocation schedule dates activity may, erc token smart contract deployed may, gradual airdrop for exchange users and affiliate partners starts june, bounty campaigns start july, private sale starts january, bounty campaign and airdrops continuing march, bounty campaign and airdrop partial wrap april, binance chain partial migration dates are subject change case significant market changes. bounties doing bounty campaign, changenow strives achieve number goals, such brand-awareness, testing, development community involvement and security improvements. bounty program and airdrops are integral part marketing and promotional strategy for changenow. bounty hunters will required apply the program. once confirmed, applicants will added bounty communication channel for further support and discussion. bounty starts together with the launch now tokens, and finishes when all allocated tokens are spent. bounty program will include the following tracks bug bounty changenow team will looking for bug and security reports clearly and concisely identifying problematic issues with the platform. receive the reward tester should: part the testing team report the found bug the changenow team over e-mail. not disclose publicly any other way the bug third parties wait for the development mitigating the bug released into production claim the reward. tokens allocated program: now (erc) content production audio, video and text content will granted with bounties case they meet several requirements: content unique content created for changenow only content has received minimal traction content can submitted any language. non-english content will kindly welcomed. tokens allocated program: now (erc) now token value basically, there are main points focus on: strengths the company and possible value the tokens. why use changenow let's take closer look changenow. changenow team constantly enhances and improves the service adding new features. our users can easily exchange more than coins and quickly purchase them with fiat currencies. changenow has such amazing features as: wide array partners, including trezor, ledger, exodus, edge wallet, atomic wallet, guarda and others; both fixed-rate and standard flows available; great rates; support; android app. changenow more convenient and user-friendly among our competitors. are focusing our clients' needs, that how manage grow extremely fast! changenow strictly follow the fundamental blockchain principles: anonymity, transparency, and decentralization. why use now tokens the now token granted our customers out our utmost respect them for appreciating our service; allows our clients access wide array special benefits: special rates accelerated support special offers all now services; ability vote for asset listing changenow; prizes, raffles, and other promo campaigns; and much more! more than that, consider burning total amount now tokens the course years, leaving remaining the ratio erc/bep. order implement it, we'll destroy all now tokens spent for services changenow. ultimately, now tokens already are great demand among both changenow's users and partners. vesting plan for the team our team has extensive experience building great software projects cryptocurrency field. preserve team dedication the project developed vesting plan for our key team members comprised the total now supply. each portion tokens will released only after fixed period time. initial release (out the vesting plan) after year (out the vesting plan) after years (out the vesting plan) after years (out the vesting plan) after years (out the vesting plan) april the tokens allocated vesting have been transferred the changenow team token storage for -year lockup. erc dev xcdceddbafdaf erc dev xcaeaacdbafaefaaeeea bep dev bnbffjptkkrqcvmqxfpnkfqefzcx bep dev bnbkhndmuzgmhrsutdgpjcpaddkge decentralized service ecosystem centralized exchanges have lot potential drawbacks and risks. meanwhile, decentralized exchanges allow users trade their tokens completely trustlessly and without having move their funds centralised exchange. when centralized exchange compromised, millions dollars and thousands users are impacted all once. decentralized system, any attack failure impacts only single user and their funds. users are control their own security, which can much better than any centralized entity. with the development new technologies, plan build fully decentralized exchange products, striving for fully decentralized service ecosystem with the now token means payment for various goods and services within.