crypto made easier than cash menapay whitepaper legal disclaimer.................................................................................. abstract............................................................................................. introduction........................................................................................ vision and mission menapay definition menapay ... what mena? ... what menapay? what the difference between menapay and menacash? governance structure ... menachain solutions dwc llc trust structure for menacash need for menapay............................................................................... payment problems mena and solutions menapay stable cryptocurrency for transaction: menacash easy cash-out for merchants products menapay............................................................................ kyc for profile verification business dashboard for merchants and resellers title text business application for merchants and resellers mobile desktop payment app (wallet) menapay card menapay ecosystem............................................................................. merchants ... merchant approval ... merchant and wallet matching ... business application for merchants individual users ... user approval reseller network (peer peer) transaction (peer merchant) transaction (merchant foundation) transaction technical design.................................................................................. why menapay choose ethereum? menacash technical details ... permissioned blockchain: menachain .... federated byzantine agreement stellar consensus protocol (scp) .... quorum and quorum slices what green mining? innovative reward system menapay green mining ... menapay token chance for each transaction ... staking model for menapay token holders security business............................................................................................. how develop the most commonly used cryptocurrency initial exchange offering (ieo) details and timeline token distribution timeline and growth plan business and revenue model financial projections board members, advisors and team members............................................. executive board members selected board members selected advisors selected team members data protection..................................................................................... references........................................................................................... figures, table and aphs: figure mena region ............................................................ table mena currencies ....................................................... table platform examples ...................................................... figure kyc steps .................................................................. figure menapay dashboard ...................................................... figure user wallet ................................................................. figure menapay card ............................................................ figure pay with menapay ......................................................... title text figure wallet matching ................................................... figure business application for merchants................................... figure reseller dashboard ...................................................... figure reseller dashboard-commission rates screen........................ figure payment via code ................................................... figure menacash possible flows ................................................ figure federate byzantine agreement .......................................... figure menapay permissioned blockchain .................................... figure transaction steps blockchain ....................................... figure mnemonic phrase screen ................................................ figure current payment steps ................................................... figure payment steps with menapay ............................................ table menapay ieo info ......................................................... graph allocation foundations ................................................ graph token distribution ......................................................... figure timeline ..................................................................... figure menapay platform revenue models .................................. graph .a: menacash user target ................................................ graph .b: menacash transaction ................................................. legal disclaimer menachain solutions dwc llc organization which aims help the digital transformation starting from middle east and africa region. committed invest areas which encourage the use digital currency daily life. the phrases "foundation" and "menapay foundation" this whitepaper, including index pages, represent menachain solutions dwc llc. the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent menapay. investing cryptocurrencies involves high degree risk and the potential for significant losses. not invest money you can not afford lose. abstract this whitepaper written order inform the reader about how and why menapay project started and will continue. menapay the first fully blockchain based payment platform which focuses the middle east and north africa region (mena) preliminary. main reason for the initial market decision the high amount unbanked population the region traditional financial institutions cannot transform that population due islamic finance requirements while menapay the first non-bank mobile payment platform entering the region the power blockchain technology. menapay platform that allows transactions blockchain with very low transaction fees, not affected fluctuation cryptocurrencies, faster and more secure than any traditional payment gateway. addition all these benefits, menapay also assures instant transaction blockchain which enables the daily life use cryptocurrencies. menapay aims reach maximum user base hence has been designed comply with islamic finance requirements which have big importance for mena. the menapay platform does not use give interest and each transaction performed under least witnesses thanks the blockchain technology. menapay token holders get benefits long the platform gets more popular which also encouraged the islamic finance approach. menapay whitepaper menapay has its own stable coin "menacash" which designed used any online and offline transactions for the intention daily usage. stable dollar value which warranted the same amount usd kept multiple banks fiat currency equal the amount menacash circulation. menacash solves one the huge problems use cryptocurrencies daily life for users; fluctuation. the main objective the project make possible, easy and secure transfer money for each user using the advantages today's high-end technology. you can see the following parts; obvious that there need mena region for revolutionary payment system which can solve many problems that current old-fashioned banking system brings; such security, difficult transaction process, highly expensive transaction fees. menapay's products are also designed with excellent user interfaces with the local languages, advanced data tools for both users and merchants disrupt not only cash dependent payment system but also old-fashioned banking tools. introduction vision and mission menapay menapay aims become the most commonly used cryptocurrency the world, starting from mena region. focusing country and million people starting point, menapay carries the mission becoming the largest non-bank payment solution using blockchain technology while generating significant returns for the investors. the business model that you can review detail this paper will create whole new standard crypto industry creating infinite "green mining reserve" using the the majority (%) the revenue buy-back the menapay tokens from the market and fill the reserve. menapay token holders will the nucleus huge community disrupt traditional banking system mena and will create the most advanced financial system which will cover the entire region with its islamic compliant, transparent and decentralized structure. today, traditional financial system instruments such banks, credit cards, debit cards and cash suffer from the lack security, slow and inconvenient ways transaction. these traditional financial institutions spend huge amounts money and resource prevent fraud but none them fully succeed. blockchain the only way solve all these problems that current banking and payment systems have, till better technology comes out. menapay whitepaper mena does not have similar non bank payment system while other leading players such china already has. just like any other revolutionary dynamic; technology grows with the power people who believes it. developing the menapay platform with community support the futuristic way finding the opinion leaders and securing necessary funds. this futuristic way now possible thanks one the last milestones technology called "blockchain". since the internet came out blockchain the first tech wave, which shook the whole world with similar impact. will disrupt every single business and destroy them they not keep pace with it. now time create new structures that really belong public, not certain central authority. definition menapay order understand what menapay is, first, important and priority understand mena. ... what mena? the middle east and north africa region includes countries and approximately population. the region officially speaks two languages. the region) people speak arabic and people speak turkish. the region practice islam religion. figure mena region menapay whitepaper even though the region looks harmonized terms language and religion, has extremely fragmented structure terms geography, politics, economic power and currency. turkey plays bridge role between the middle east and europe. the republic turkey governed full democracy and people practice islam. .[] it's the largest economy globally has developed and broadminded banking and financial system while having million unbanked population. the state fintech report says startups mena raised million funding percent increase the million disclosed investments gcc (gulf cooperation council) region the shining star the middle east. gcc formed from saudi arabia, kuwait, the united arab emirates, qatar, bahrain, and oman. average gdp per capita these countries usd. all the middle east considered oasis for digital industries. especially gcc region the target many global companies, while they all face difficulties while entering the region. payment collection one the biggest challenges especially for online businesses. more than the gcc region unbanked while total mena region unbanked. gcc region where islam religion practiced the most conservative way. the fact is, traditional financial institutions not comply with islamic practices huge amount people prefer use cash everyday transaction since more safe way than using banking tools terms their beliefs. that the core reason the high unbanked population ratio such rich region. poor banking systems also not make people's lives easier. most the population the mena region prefers cash-on-delivery primary payment method for e-commerce. interest forbidden islam and any payment method developed banks are not welcomed their major revenue stream from interest gains. any transaction should witnessed parties order comply with islamic jurisprudence prove that there interest gain. the nature blockchain and the menapay revenue structure perfectly meets islamic tenets. when analyze the rest the region, see many crowded but unstable economies. traditional financial institutions cannot provide trust the public they are fully controlled the governments. some countries such egypt, not possible withdraw make cross border transactions foreign currency. meanwhile, keeping the money the local currency became very risky terms consistent devaluation. there are different currencies the region which menapay wants interconnect creating one common currency instead; menapay whitepaper country abbreviation currency currency algeria dzd algeria dinars bahrain bhd bahrain dinars egypt egp egyptian pound iraq iqd iraqi dinar jordan jod jordanian dinar kuwait kwd kuwaiti dinar lebanon lbp lebanese pound libya lyd libyan dinar morocco mad moroccan dirham oman omr oman rial saudi arabia sar saudi arabian riyal syria syp syrian pound tunisia tnd tunisian dinar united arab emirates aed emirati dirham yemen yer yemeni rial sudan sdg sudanese pound turkey try turkish lira qatar qar qatar rial table mena currencies menapay whitepaper along with the challenging environment, the region has the total oil reserves the world.[] countries like turkey and egypt are top tourism destinations with their deep history and natural beauties. uae also became one the top tourist destinations and one the financial capitals the world with their visionary government. dubai the first city using blockchain their government operations. countries like uae, turkey, qatar and kuwait are leading the technology and innovations the region. uae the number one country terms smartphone penetration the world. digital adoption the rich arabic public impressive. both bahrain and uae are competing the capital blockchain projects solid legal framework preparation and open-minded authorities. the average gdp per capita the gcc region bigger than world average. other countries sometimes counted part mena. including the populations afghanistan, armenia, azerbaijan, chad, comoros, cyprus, djibouti, eritrea, georgia, mali, niger, pakistan, somalia, sudan, palestine and sahrawi arab democratic republic; wide mena region has population total. ... what menapay? menapay the first blockchain based non-bank digital payment gateway for building the biggest cashless society the world. focuses the mena region primarily. menapay allows users transfer money within daily life secure, fast and decentralized way. menapay focuses mena its primary market fully compliant with islamic finance rules which are very important specifically gcc region provide convenient and trustable digital payment solution. users who most probably care about islamic finance will see that blockchain technology meets the requirements islamic finance rules about money transactions between parties and earnings from the investments. menapay whitepaper three major statements islam are highly important the region; interest prohibited. people cannot generate profit via interest. there should least witnesses approve any debt transaction between parties. earning money via money allowed and only people invest real working business and/or asset. blockchain structure, least parties are needed confirm the transaction. cannot deleted rearranged any individual central authority after transaction has been confirmed. menapay focuses building large community consumers and merchants who prefer menapay their primary method payment for any digital business such ecommerce, and any online/offline traditional transaction for each aspect daily life, including cross border transactions. menapay can used various places, restaurants, coffee shops, shopping malls, gas stations, vending machines; shortly every possible money transaction activity. basically, menapay aims integrated every possible industry. what the difference between menapay token and menacash? the menapay platform creates token and coin which you will see clearly and detail through this whitepaper. the blockchain ecosystem, token represents fungible tradable asset utility blockchain. menapay token utility token which will issued with limited number million. million) the total tokens will owned the public. menapay token used for mining purposes from the reserve ways, getting via peer merchant (pm) menacash transaction and menapay token staking. apply this process via "green mining". menapay token holders have the option staking their tokens and earn tokens according the amount staked menapay tokens and the time they keep their wallet. menapay will able purchased (buy-back) from exchanges after the ieo fill the green mining reserve. during the ieo period, only the confirmed users the whitelist who completed the kyc process can purchase menapay tokens from www.menapay.io using various payment methods. menapay whitepaper menacash; stable cryptocurrency the menapay platform which will used for daily transactions between dynamics the system; users, merchants and foundation. transactions between users (peer peer), transactions between users and merchants (peer merchant) and transactions between approved merchants and menapay foundation for conversion their menacash fiat currency purposes (merchant foundation) will possible using menacash. menacash will generated the menachain permissioned blockchain assure secure and fast transactions between the users. circulating supply menacash will always equal the dollars the bank accounts the menapay foundation. menacash usd platform paypal wechat pay alipay menapay currency money yuan yuan menacash table platform examples governance structure defining the governance structure the key point assure the trust the community and integrity the team whole. we've defined governance structure menapay foundation and management menacash order have trust our entire ecosystem. menachain solutions dwc llc menachain solutions company which act foundation its philosophical approach its business, preliminarily menapay. menachain solutions does not carry profit motivation for the company itself this whitepaper "menapay foundation" "foundation" describes menachain solutions dwc llc. the main goal the company create total new payment and money transfer solution with its blockchain based technology which will belong the community and bring significant solution the everyday problems that payment systems currently have. menapay whitepaper that why, menachain allocates its total income buy-back menapay token order fill its green mining reserve for the users. shareholders the company assign the executive board members. executive board members lead the company with full integrity. they consider benefits the menapay community and all stakeholders menapay ecosystem; including users, merchants and resellers. executive board acts according the vision menapay. since the priority sustainable growth, executive board has right make strategic decisions change transaction fees, cash out fees, allocated revenue buy-back the menapay tokens fill the green mining reserve and the distribution ratio the reserve. obviously, those token purchase activities would positively affect the token prices the market. executive board responsible implement effective security measures and ethical standards avoid fraud, insider trading and misuse information. the entire company team works full time, dedicated menapay operations. the management team prepares the annual budget for marketing and operations. the managing director menapay has the right spend within the budget and has limited authority the power attorney. for the payments over the limit, signature authorities are required; one from the managing director, and the other; from executive board member. cfo directly reports the executive board with respect reporting, audit and internal control purposes. every quarter, least one board meeting should performed. executive board responsible with controlling the management team. all strategic decisions such investment, acquisitions, budget revision, etc. requires board approval. trust structure for menacash trust structure menacash good use case blockchain. instead using traditional audit methods providing periodical financial documents, blockchain gives the freedom for instant audit. our party audit and escrow partners are announced the www.menapay.io assure the safe and trustworthy structure for menacash. the total circulating supply menacash should equal the dollars the bank, there will not moment where the dollar amount less than menacash the circulation. order assure that structure, bank accounts menacash will separated from the menapay foundation. any cash that will able release only with the approval menapay foundation cfo and the reputable party audit company. menapay whitepaper minimum menacash reserves hold calculated based the usd equivalent total assets and cash amount the banks. total provision should equal the menacash the circulation after deducting the commission and cash-out fees that menapay deserves. order explain the instant audit process clearly, it's better explain chart below with the assumption that have million menacash the circulation. status moment menacash circulation usd the bank accounts merchant sends menacash convert fiat currency status menacash circulation usd the bank accounts control audit menapay confirms that, wallet belongs approved merchant party audit makes instant audit from the node established their facility fund release usd fund released the merchant hours after double confirmation from menapay foundation and party audit our policy keep maximum dollar single bank account. bank accounts and the locations the banks will distributed worldwide. interest profit will generated based reserved money. instead keeping all the money cash reserve the bank, will kept different assets such other islamic finance compliant tools such real estate, low risk venture capital funds, etc. executive board holds the right change the type the reserved currency any currency which acceptable the regional merchants. the dollar has been chosen for the convenience merchants gcc countries use local currencies fixed the dollar and the oil price determined with dollars. the future, foresee that euro yuan may become more popular. the fiat currency expectation the majority changes, executive board can decide shift another currency which globally reputable and acceptable. menapay whitepaper need for menapay the new digitized world requires using technology each single area. the countries which inspired the others with their game changing steps such china had readily been aware about the importance the need the fintech market. today, the total amount people who use alipay and wechat pay month around million. can clearly say that they already started live digitalized, cashless future. even though banks worked well enough till now, the system designed according the antiquated economy and just like any other industry; will disrupted the new technology. the issue with banks had and has been problem regions like mena. despite the high penetration rate smartphones and internet connectivity, more than the adult population the region unbanked, while three four gcc bank customers are ready switch banks for better digital experience. with the population mena getting younger, better educated and more demanding, need for massive overhaul financial services occurred. menapay has been designed solve the lack problems that traditional payment/ banking system has, besides creating chance get rid the obligation carrying cash and recognition fake cash. menapay also the way have easy, fast and secure payment opportunity for those who does not prefer banks and bank products--debit credit cards--due their religious beliefs whom contain million people. with this chance digitize payment all areas daily usage; life will easier for menapay holders while merchants who not use credit and debit cards will available for shopping. payment problems mena and solutions menapay single payment method for online shopping result the poor banking system and lack proper applications islamic finance, the only way shop online using the most common method; cash delivery (cod). but also brings some other risks and problems such high costs and uncharged deliveries. also, cod method can only used for physical goods. proper monetization digital goods and services still big challenge. menapay introduces fully islamic finance compliant digital payment system users along with its stable currency menacash. menapay whitepaper obligation carrying cash apart from security problems, this brings despair users since this payment method the only way. people are not happy carry large amounts cash but they love shopping. there solution the user loses that high amount money the way buy valuable good. one the goals menapay get rid cash with the ease digital payments and security blockchain technology. menapay brings digital, single and stable currency the region which people can carry within their smartphones. cross border money transaction due the extreme conversion rates banks, very costly make cross border transactions online payments various currencies. menapay aims make this process easy sending message any online platform. after completing the kyc process that menapay requires from the users, money transfer between countries will take seconds, necessity the digital age live in. dependent central authorities because there are trust issues and high inflation risks, people mostly not prefer hold their money the national banks their countries. blockchain technology, solves any trust dependency problems that might occur its nature. all savings are recorded the blockchain and can't changed anyone. the menapay platform also belongs the community, it's designed sustain forever. counterfeit money problem counterfeit money serious problem especially north africa and the north part the middle east, where people have plenty concerns about fraud. digitalized and stable currency menacash the menapay platform will also solution for this common concern. stable cryptocurrency for transaction: menacash digital blockchain based payments are typically much faster than today's classical financial tools, since there are intermediaries. the major obstacle for the crypto-payments could the unexpected fluctuations the currencies. solution this problem, menapay offers its own usd backed stable coin, menacash. menapay whitepaper another problem could the wrong addressing the wallet while sending money. menapay offers useful way preclude this problem with solutions such code and ui/ux design which shows merchant's name the screen during the payment. menacash, will easily reachable through menapay app via all current payment systems such credit debit cards and our offline reseller network the region. menacash will always equal usd, user will not worry about the value the money. the exact amount of, circulating menacash will held several banks the users can always sure that their wealth under protection and available fiat currency form. this will reputable and trustworthy specifically and for the approved merchants the system since they will easily able cash out menacash from the foundation. only approved merchants will able convert their menacash fiat currency with minimum amount restriction. will not let the users cash out through the foundation, due money laundering concerns. users can cash out their menapay tokens from exchanges. easy cash-out for merchants menapay foundation will give the right cash out only the approved merchants the system. they will able convert menacash their wallets fiat currencies any time. merchants will entitled convert their menacash easily from the company with the minimum limit menacash. the foundation will take commission the average. the ratio could change sector and the amount dependently. when merchants cash out, they will receive the exact amount excluding cash out commission menacash usd. detailed information the cash out system given section products menapay with its ease use and blockchain infrastructure, menapay aims the ultimate platform for users carry out their all and every payment operation, while enabling merchants simpler reach out their customers and faster mean payment. the menapay platform offers comprehensive payment solution used every aspect the daily lives the cash using mena region community with its blockchain-based payment infrastructure, mobile and desktop applications, its specially-designed dashboards for merchants and reseller applications. menapay whitepaper after quick registration process, menapay enables its users store menacash using global and/or regional payment methods using cash through its wide reseller network across mena region. once menacash stored, the user can transfer menacash his/her peer, he/she can shop from thousands merchants within the menapay system effortlessly using codes, e-mails and phone numbers. kyc for profile verification ensure illegal activities are performed the menapay platform and serve our customers secure network, the platform conducts kyc (know your customer) procedure. all users, merchants and resellers who reach accumulated process volume menacash are subject detailed kyc process. figure kyc steps the process pursued with steps; the user completes the mandatory and optional profile information and confirms his/her email address. any officially recognized identity document (national id, drivers licence passport) uploaded the platform. -second video record which clearly shows the document and the face the person uploaded the platform. approval the information menapay foundation. menapay whitepaper kyc process held include firm information including legal documents, firm's financial history and business licenses for institutional users. user data collected the kyc process kept off chain secure database and all general data protection regulations (gdpr) are met. information gdpr found section business dashboard for merchants and resellers data oriented decision making crucial for merchants. the most important advantage highly competitive sector the e-commerce business know your customers closely, observe their purchasing tendencies and take actions improve sales according these data. the other hand, offline commerce businesses cannot aggregate this type data due the shortcomings their existing payment tools. businesses which add menapay payment method and sell menacash for additional revenue can use its detailed dashboard get important insights about their business and make decisions comfortably take the necessary actions. figure menapay dashboard menapay whitepaper merchants using menapay dashboard can; track the number transactions, transaction volume and transaction id, customer id, revenue, payment status, date, etc. processed over the menapay platform and get detailed reports within seconds. reach their retrospective transaction details using the transaction ids which are produced uniquely for every transaction. reach the payment history, payment frequency and shopping tendencies data their customers user base. join the "approved merchant" network and cash out their menacash. dynamically change their exchange rates even for different currencies their sales and build risk management system according price ranges. refund their customers individually group. offer secure shopping experience with its kyc (know your customer) property. business application for merchants and resellers businesses that would like receive payment menapay alternative cash other payment methods can start receiving payment just seconds downloading the menapay business app right after signing via the business dashboard and completing the profile verification steps. with the menapay business, member businesses can settle their own exchange rates when determining the amount menacash that corresponds the local currency they use. they will able calculate the value the amount menacash their local currencies and receive payment seconds. detailed information can found the section order provide easy menacash purchasing experience its users, menapay foundation authorizes some enterprises other than itself, which can sell menacash. these enterprises are called "resellers" the system. the reseller application designed especially for the menacash sales. enterprises who are entitled resellers and who are listed the reseller app can easily conduct menacash sales. more information can found under the section mobile desktop payment app (wallet) the menapay application also has the digital wallet features. every individual register with their phone number thereby creates unique wallet. they can add wallets afterwards they like. menapay whitepaper through their wallets, users can; buy menacash from resellers the menapay foundation. send /receive menacash to/from another user any time. see the reseller network map choose where buy menacash. shop using the code, phone number, barcode the wallet the merchant has provided within seconds. (detailed information given under the headline see the retrospective transactions report. figure user wallet taking any problems into account, menapay foundation, offers "customer relations" support where customers can easily reach for support next its actively handled social media accounts. menapay card for the users which not prefer banking tools such credit debit cards, menapay offers prepaid card besides reseller points. users will able use menacash even there reseller point around. menapay whitepaper menapay cards will purchasable around different points after the launch date march that taking place menapay ecosystem will easier than ever. figure menapay card menapay ecosystem merchants merchants are the building blocks the menapay ecosystem along with individual users. enterprises which accept menacash payments return their service products are called merchants the menapay system. menapay foundation has readily signed contracts with large establishments. merchants who register with the platform and start menacash acceptances can use advantageous features menapay. menapay presents easy-to-register platform where they can execute their sales operations and keep track the relevant sales data. develop the largest cashless society the world, menapay presents easy-tointegrate software development kit (sdk). any seller can accept menacash payments after they download and setup the sdk. menapay whitepaper figure pay with menapay all merchants can take advantage the menapay payment system. they can accept payments and spend the menacash they received they wish. merchants who use menapay solely payment intermediary and whom will not cash out their menacash are named "standard merchants". otherwise, needed get approval for the cash out privilege terms anti money laundering processes. when the approval process successfully finalizes, merchants who fulfill the necessary requirements are badged "approved merchants". ... merchant approval every merchant integrated with the menapay platform should submit below documents and get the "approved merchant" badge able cash out the menacash their accounts. certificate incorporation certificate registered address certificate shareholders passport copy the signing director(s) after the application received, menapay team assesses the applications. the requirements are met, the merchants are accepted into the menapay "approved merchant network". menapay whitepaper ... merchant and wallet matching all merchants and users can add more than one wallet into their applications. every wallet has unique and they are matched with users. wallets that are held merchants are matched with their identities company also and are shown the customer during the payment transaction. this assures the customer the address he/she transferring menacash to. menapay matching process designed transfer menacash with top security measures. every user's information matched with the ones that are kept the off chain. during every transaction request which comes over the menagateway, validity these informations are confirmed the user. during menacash transfer, receiving side's app produces code encoding its public key. when the sending side's app scans this code, gets this public key which enough for performing the transaction. but ensure receiver's real identity, sender additionally requests supplementary identity information using receiver's public key. the public key matched with the identity the receiver menapay servers and masked identity information returned the sender side identity hints. figure wallet matching menapay whitepaper ... business application for merchants merchants can take in-store payments mobile via menapay business application. this mobile application will synchronized with merchant's dashboard and merchant can specify exchange rate, refund check the total sales. figure business application for merchants individual users since menapay preliminarily focuses the mena market, each product menapay designed fully meet user habits and expectations the region. menapay users will able login the platform with well-designed fast onboarding process. when the transaction volume become more than menacash cumulatively with the previous transactions, the user will need complete the kyc process. menapay whitepaper ... user approval the user can sign the menapay platform with his/her phone number after downloading the app from app stores the website www.menapay.io. he/she completes the signup process after entering the verification code sent his/her phone. anybody who provides necessary information menapay can become registered the menapay platform upon confirmation. menapay app download phone number sms code successfully signed the users might use theirpin code during login request additional password security well activating two-factor authentication feature. the menapay platform has age limit for the use menacash; become menapay token holder and related menapay token attributes the user must older. october "parental control" feature will added the menapay platform enable users under use the platform safely. detailed roadmap given under above the cumulative menacash transaction limit, kyc process initiated prevent fraud and fake account possibilities. this process, mentioned detail, prevents security breaches without compromising transaction speed. phone confirmation information upload seconds video upload with reseller network users joining the menapay ecosystem should able purchase menacash with ease. for this purpose, there exists contracted enterprises sell menacash other than the menapay foundation. these establishments are named "menacash resellers" the ecosystem. reseller application designed especially for menacash sales. menapay whitepaper menapay reseller network would the greatest strength menacash the mena region. believe crucial for users reach menacash through cash easily possible transfer money into the digital medium and start the digital transformation this mainly cash using region. jewelers, internet cafes, exchange desks, markets, etc. can apply for the reseller status under the condition providing the necessary documents. accepted enterprises would able add another income channel their existing business and expand their customer portfolio. corporate businesses who apply for the reseller status should fill the application form along with the necessary documents. these documents are listed below; copy the certificate incorporation registered name registered address shareholder list passport driving licence the director. menapay foundation reviews the applications businesses who want become reseller considering attributions such location, need, prolificacy, customer potential, etc. establishments who are accepted the reseller network can; buy menacash from the foundation through credit cards wire transfers. decide the commission rate over their sales and make rate updates customer base. share the sales document with the customer which issued the time the sale. track sales records and produce reports over their sales with the dashboard provided for them. menapay whitepaper figure reseller dashboard figure reseller dashboard-commision rates screen menapay foundation, reserves the right interfere with the exchange rates service fees that could harm the menapay ecosystem. users can see the nearest resellers through the reseller network from their web and mobile applications. they can purchase their menacash from these points. menapay whitepaper (peer peer) transaction transactions performed between the users. details the receiving party (phone number, email, nickname, public key code) are requested from the sending party. following menagateway and the menapay platform approvals the transaction realized the user approval. menapay foundation presents this innovative and fast payment system with lower costs transaction compared existing payment methods. menapay takes commission for each transaction. (peer merchant) transaction transactions made the customers the merchants. during this process, unique transaction code produced for every purchase from the merchant. within this code, there exists information the purchased product service and the cost. this code reflected code the merchants' screen. the code scanned the customer's app and the payment realized after system approval. figure payment via code menapay whitepaper (merchant foundation) transaction menacash easily converted fiat currency for approved merchants. merchants can use the collected menacash for their own purchase purposes, they can also join the approved merchant network and cash out from menapay foundation. cash out requests opened approved merchants are closed the foundation returning the fund, keeping menacash usd equality. the minimum limit for cash out menacash. menapay foundation claims commission average over the amount cashed out. the rights change the commission rates are reserved the menapay foundation. net dollar received merchant received menacash commission fee (avr. transaction cost the traditional financial system figure menacash possible flows menapay whitepaper introduction technical design the problem with public blockchains such bitcoin day-to-day payment systems that they are not easy use credit cards cash. you cannot expected wait your favorite coffee shop for half hour few minutes for bitcoin for your payment transaction through. most blockchain based currencies are slow compared traditional payment methods. both consumer institutional wise privacy problem when blockchain considered day-to-day payment system. users, companies may not want their transactions occur public platform, that all transactions and payments can traced publicly. privacy problem (for now) payment system daily basis. today payments systems such visa have the capacity handle thousands transactions per second (tps). when tps considered, most blockchain platforms fall short. bitcoin can handle tps, whereas ethereum can handle tps. these limits are probably going increase the future with layer technologies like lightning network, sharding, etc. menachain designed support over tps initially but will scaling support thousands the following years. important remember that tps does not mean clear explanation the transaction terms speed. today, while visa finalizes entire transaction seconds cemea (central europe, middle east and africa) region.[] menapay platform requires less than seconds finalize transaction. the technologhy behind platform makes menapay least faster than current common payment system such credit cards. why menapay chose ethereum? menapay utilized the ethereum platform using erc- technology which public, easy-to-use, and one the biggest and widespread blockchain platforms the world. ethereum has the most widespread-use utility tokens. whether stock exchanges transactions between two dynamics, all operations are held much faster than the existing banking system the blockchain technology. ethereum decentralized network computers with two basic functions. these functions are blockchain that can record transactions, and virtual machine that can produce smart contracts. menapay whitepaper thanks these two functions, ethereum can support decentralized applications (dapps). these dapps are built the existing ethereum blockchain, piggybacking off its underlying technology. return, ethereum charges developers for the computing power their network, which can only paid ether, the only interplatform currency. depending its purpose, dapps might create erc- tokens function currency, share the company, for points loyalty program, even proof ownership, say, amount gold the deed house. smart contract computer protocol the blockchain which technically orders projects. our use, smart contracts are the unchangeable agreements how transactions are approved according the rules written within them. they are responsible for the autonomous ruling the system. smart contracts basically act objective escrow mechanisms. since smart contracts can written define rules for token uses and for decision making processes, central authority disintermediated. the tokens follow list standards that they can shared, exchanged for other tokens, transferred crypto-wallet. ethereum community has created these standards with three optional rules, and six mandatory ones: optional token name symbol decimal (up mandatory totalsupply balance transfer transferfrom approve allowance menacash technical details ... permissioned blockchain: menachain menachain the blockchain platform designed build menapay's scalable payment system. menacash the default and only cryptocurrency menachain. menacash stable coin backed usd. all created menacash will backed where menacash usd. menapay whitepaper menachain designed support over tps initially but will scaled support thousands the following years via parallel blockchain. parallel blockchain structure creates basically alternative way overlocked blockchain. the important part for speed transactions transaction finality which measures how long one user must wait for the confirmation transaction from the starting moment. after least confirmation the transaction recorded the blockchain and. this significant property for business, because waiting hour blockchain network can have significant repercussions for businesses. menapay, time for transaction finality measured seconds; not minutes, hours, days. that means user will not spend longer time than current payment process with any common credit/debit card cash usage. menachain decentralized and borderless. there are leaders, miners coordinators with special influence towards consensus. every node equal. menachain designed permissioned blockchain platform, therefore identity authentication service required. rather than providing unknown entities like open networks participants are known, but all the participants can hide sender, receiver addresses well the amount that being transferred from other merchants the chain. menachain also supports multi signature wallets for its corporate users. the transactions the chain can configured require the signatures multiple users when the use case calls for it. menachain built standalone installation stellar nodes. since approval menapay foundation needed order join the menachain network node, all nodes assumed safe participating the menachain network. menachain platform will start with small number nodes during the testing phase. then will expand have nodes run approved organizations which meet certain requirements. the real-life identities all the participants are known. these participants have common goal--they want business together--but they not necessarily trust like each other. nevertheless, knowing the identities the participants allows permissioned blockchain use the scp (stellar consensus protocol), federated byzantine algorithm. menapay whitepaper .... federated byzantine agreement stellar consensus protocol (scp) figure federate byzantine agreement consensus means achieving agreement across validators network. the validators must each agree transaction network and the network must also tolerate faulty incorrect messages from misbehaving validators. there are several protocols achieving consensus network, such bitcoin's proof work, where the consensus mechanism relies the computing power the nodes competing with each other solve cryptographic puzzles, and thereby reach consensus. another widely known practical consensus mechanism proof stake, where nodes are not associated with computing powers and electricity consumption, but instead the creator the next block chosen via various combinations random selections. odds block discoveries are parallel with the amount held individuals' wallets. simple selection account balance would result undesirable centralization, the single richest member would have permanent advantage. federated byzantine agreement (fba) was pioneered ripple and refined stellar. fba, each participant knows others considers important. waits for the vast majority those others agree any transaction before considering the transaction settled. turn, those important participants not agree the transaction until the participants that they consider important agree well, and on. eventually, enough the network accepts transaction that becomes infeasible for attacker roll back. menapay whitepaper stellar consensus protocol derived from the concept byzantine agreement that functions provably safe construction federated byzantine agreement. achieves robustness through quorum slices, since all the nodes the network are assumed safe and trusted. individual trust decisions made each node that together determine system level quorums. .... quorum and quorum slices quorum the minimum number votes that distributed transaction has obtain order allowed perform operation distributed system. distributed system, transaction could executing its operations multiple nodes. since distributed transactions are required atomic, the transaction must have the same fate every node, even when nodes are partitioned and the partitions may not able communicate with each other. this where quorum-based technique comes in. the fundamental idea that transaction executed the majority nodes vote execute it. traditional non-federated byzantine agreements require every node involved with every transaction reach quorum. this waste time and resources. federated byzantine agreement, quorum slice the subset quorum convincing one particular node agreement. node can rely multiple set nodes asserting statements. each node chooses one more quorum slices, which are sets nodes including the node itself, resulting more federated and decentralized environment. quorum slice represents sufficient set peers that the node selecting the quorum slice believes the slice collectively speak for the whole network. compared decentralized proof of-work and proof-of-stake schemes, scp has modest computing and financial requirements. scp works through the use quorums, which are set nodes used reach agreement. this gives the ability process larger number transactions quickly and cheaply since there expansive mining operation involved. the reason that menapay choose scp compared decentralized proof of-work and proof-of-stake schemes, scp has modest computing and financial requirements. scp works through the use quorums, which are set nodes used reach agreement. this gives the ability process larger number transactions quickly and cheaply since there expensive mining operation involved. menapay whitepaper scp provides advantages such decentralized control, low latency, flexible trust and asymptotic security. nodes can reach consensus couple seconds which within typical human expectation for web payment transaction. safety rests digital signatures and hash families whose parameters can realistically tuned protect against adversaries with vast computing power. users also have freedom trust any parties that they see fit. [][] there fee for each menacash transaction between individual users. the fees will gathered special decentralized address. menapay secures its menacash transfers and intakes with the menagateway technology. menagateway technology again offers transparent substructure for both menapay users and the merchants. figure menapay permissioned blockchain menapay whitepaper what green mining? order understand the mining system menapay let's take look the blockchain technology first. theory: cryptocurrency system such bitcoin possesses state information enabling users derive their balances. for bitcoin, the system state collection unspent transaction outputs (utxos), with each output cryptographically locked, requiring the user provide proof ownership spend utxo. instead explicitly storing the balance, bitcoin and other digital currencies maintain complete history users' transactions, which can used infer the current state and all past states the system. transactions represent atomic changes the system state. transactions are grouped blocks; blocks form ordered collection called the blockchain. organize the blockchain, each block contains reference the previous one. the first block the chain the genesis block; does not have previous block and usually hardcoded into the protocol. new blocks are discovered according the specified set rules set the cryptocurrency protocol. important function these rules protect against attacks the blockchain and reach consensus case multiple instances the blockchain appear. proof work and proof stake refer two kinds restrictions valid blocks and imply two different consensus mechanisms. definition say that user works top block attempts discover block that references the previous block. note that uniquely determines the entire blockchain can denote blockchain with its latest block and say that blocks are discovered top blockchain cryptocurrency system can viewed distributed database, with copies the database belonging infrastructure providers for the currency communicating via peer-to-peer internet protocol. terms the cap (consistency, availability and partition-tolerance) theorem, cryptocurrency systems are available (every request receives response) and partition- tolerant (the service still performs even some nodes fail) but are not consistent. from time time, different users the system will see different states the system current. some cases, the inconsistency corresponds the situation when new block has been discovered but has not yet been relayed all users the system. obtain eventual consistency, sound consensus protocol should impose the following requirement: menapay whitepaper condition user who discovered block should encouraged broadcast over the network immediately and not hold for himself. other cases, system inconsistency caused the blockchain splitting into several branches. there are various causes blockchain branching (forking): two users discover new blocks about the same time attacker attempts reverse completed transactions forking the blockchain order discourage deliberate branching, sound consensus protocol should add the following requirement: condition user should discouraged from discovering blocks top intermediate chains. more precisely, there known block referencing the block the user should have reason build with the situation depicted figure only three blocks can used base for extending the blockchain according conditions bi+, b'' i+, and i+. there are further restrictions imposed valid blockchains; most cases, these conditions amount selecting chain with the maximum number blocks (which excludes b'' from blocks rational user could build his own chain). the goal consensus rules assure selection single chain; however, usually the case that some rules depend the user. e.g., there are multiple bitcoin blockchains with the same length, users should select the one they received first. thus, there way enforce the selection the same blockchain for all users (as very difficult impossible ensure that user-specific rules are followed). order for the system eventually consistent, its consensus protocol should satisfy the following third requirement: menapay whitepaper condition consensus rules should constructed way that results resolving blockchain forks, i.e. one the competing branches should take over all other branches reasonable amount time. will use separate terms for discovering blocks using proof work and proof stake algorithms: definition the process solving computational challenge imposed proof work protocol called (block) mining. proof work (pow): pow systems need computing power and electric consumption approve the operations the network. (ex: bitcoin) consider bitcoin example cryptocurrency systems secured with proof work algorithm. each block bitcoin consists two parts: block header key parameters, including block creation time, reference the previous block and the merkle tree root the block transactions block list transactions. reference specific block, its header hashed twice with the sha- function; the resulting integer value belongs the interval account for different possible implementations, will use generic hashing function hash with variable number arguments and range m]. for example, arguments the function can treated binary strings and merged together form single argument that can passed the sha- hashing function. the block reference used the proof work protocol; order for block considered valid, its reference must not exceed certain threshold; hash(b) m/d, where the target difficulty. there known way find satisfying other than iterating through all possible variables the block header repeatedly. the higher the value the more iterations are needed find valid block; the expected number operations exactly menapay whitepaper the time period t(r) for miner with hardware capable performing operations per second find valid block distributed exponentially with the rate r/d: p{t(r) exp(-rt/d) consider bitcoin miners with hash rates ..., rn. the period time find block equal the minimum value random variables t(ri) assuming that the miner publishes found block and reaches other miners immediately. according the properties the exponential distribution, also distributed exponentially: def min(t exp the last equation shows that the mining fair: miner with share mining power has the same probability solve block before other miners. can shown that proof work used bitcoin satisfies conditions proof stake (pos): the contrary proof of. work (pow), proof stake networks are not associated with computing powers and electricity consumption. odds block discoveries are parallel with the amount held individuals' wallets. proof stake algorithms, inequality modified depend the user's ownership the particular pos protocol cryptocurrency and not block properties. consider user with address and balance bal(a). commonly used proof stake algorithm uses condition hash(hash(bprev), bal(a)m/d, where bprev denotes the block the user building on. the current utc timestamp. for various reasons, some cryptocurrencies use modified versions which discuss the corresponding sections. menapay whitepaper unlike (), the only variable that the user can change the timestamp the left part equation (). the address balance locked the protocol; e.g., the protocol may calculate the balance based funds that did not move for day. alternatively, pos cryptocurrency may use unspent transaction outputs bitcoin does; this case, the balance naturally locked. proof stake protocol puts restrictions possible values for example, must not differ from the utc time network nodes more than hour, then user can attempt more than values thus, there are expensive computations involved proof stake. together with address and timestamp satisfying (), user must provide proof ownership the address. achieve this, the user can sign the newly minted block with his signature; order produce valid signature, one must have private key corresponding the address the time find block for address exponentially distributed with rate bal(a)/d, the implementation proof stake fair: the probability generate valid block equal the ratio user's balance funds the total amount currency circulation. the time find block for the entire network distributed exponentially with rate bal(a)/d. the currency bal(a) fixed grows thus, the monetary supply predictable rate, the difficulty should known advance: tex bal(a), with tex denoting the expected time between blocks. practice, needs adjusted based recent blocks because not all currency owners participate block minting. innovative reward system menapay green mining menapay introduces approach via green mining explained below: ... menapay token chance for each transaction first one comes with the chance earning menapay token. each individual who uses the menacash for the transactions the merchants (peer merchant transaction pm) has chance getting menapay token reward via the system calls proof menacash transaction (pomt). when transaction happens between user and merchant; users qualify for chance earn menapay token regarding the following formula: menapay whitepaper total value divided between participants for month number participants month sim total amount share that participant receives month xim share coefficient participant month yinm value nth transaction participant month zinm random number, zinm [,] and zinm can have different probability distribution function every month. cumulative distribution function for transactions. returns constant number for each transaction depending its value. major revolution, the reward independent from the volume each transaction and reward make the user menapay community members even they had never purchased menapay token before. ... staking model for menapay token holders second and the most reformist way generate additional revenue apart from the price increasing staking the menapay tokens. menapay whitepaper since menapay platform nonprofit organization must use majority its revenue fill green mining reserve. this amount calculated menapay platform's revenue and will used buy menapay tokens from the exchanges order feed green mining pool. creating new standard the crypto industry for the level participatory returns, beyond the regular incentives for users and investors. each staked menapay token considered mining token and has chance win additional token based the smart contract designed the criteria mentioned below; total tokens staked daily basis total tokens the green mining reserve the users who stake their menapay tokens will have right earn tokens from green mining pool according the number staked tokens. order take advantage this model, user must stake minimum menapay token with the minimum time limit days. users who decided get back their tokens before the minimum period may not take any share from the green mining reserve. only staked tokens holded the native menapay wallet menapay payment application will considered. summary; staking income menapay tokens will distributed the (n+). day where the first day staking for the individual. important highlight that menapay token utility token since menachain solutions dwc llc does not issue dividends and/or voting rights the token holders. menapay foundation will distributemenapay tokens from green mining reserve with holders according the amount their staked menapay token their wallets mentioned above. menapay foundation keeps the right adjust the model according the needs the market and community. menapay whitepaper security today, existing payment systems and solutions are open data breaches, hacks, malignant uses. according ibm, data breaches have increased and have reached financial service records with respect the previous year.[] financial services spend multibillion dollars prevent this kind malicious cases. another control mechanism added the system for each added control mechanism inhibit the added control mechanism.this process endless chain reaction which reflected inefficient time and money both internal processes financial institutions and user experience. the technology environment live in, this system still used while has continuously given deficits which has ended with great amounts labor and money thefts. the seven-year fraud which has reached volume india example from hundreds.[] for credit card purchases, mostly the information the card sufficient. card left the table open used outside the owner's knowledge. menapay developed with fa, payment passwords approval processes considering this kind possibilities. every transaction step written block the blockchain and menapay, which permissioned blockchain, keeps records these transactions. records cannot tampered with, since the blockchain fully closed outside interventions. figure transaction steps blockchain menapay whitepaper menapay uses technology create innovative and maximum-safety-platform against below possible safety problem scenarios; someone else obtaining the private key: the private key belonging the user and the password the user enters login menapay encrypted together. algorithms which encrypt these are tested that third parties cannot possibly decrypt the key and password combination. attacks menagateway: will request menagateway over https, which will prevent dns attacks, ddos attacks, ssl certificate attacks, etc. the server side. party integrations: all libraries and sdks used within the application are controlled menapay developers. only the versions which have safety approvals exist the platform. login: factor authentication security process where two methods identification are needed. the password and the special code produced the identification readily embedded your application forms the two steps the process. mnemonic phrases are used: use -word phrases for retrieval accounts case forgotten passwords. users will keep their -word auxiliary passwords elsewhere which are given during the sign-up period. what mnemonic phrase? mnemonic phrase the name given the -word password which enables users retrieve their wallets case password loses. this -word password unique for every user and shared during the signup process. figure mnemonic phrase screen menapay whitepaper detection private keys: private keys are encrypted within the application and are only decrypted during transactions. payment/transfer approval: users will able see transaction summaries including the counter party and amount information the last step the payment/transfer that they can pay safely and transparently. except private keys, -bit advanced encryption standard will used for the data within the application. cases menagateway use, different data centers will assigned regarding any possible technical problems that might occur the existing datacenter. such problems occur, cdn service will used direct traffic the other data centers. this will ensure uninterrupted user experience. all users, merchants and resellers who reach accumulated process volume menacash are subject detailed kyc process order prevent fraud and fake accounts. this process told detail under and doesn't compromise speed while preventing security breaches. menapay, presents permissioned blockchain cleared from attack possibilities rather than public blockchain which are usually under attack menapay not responsible for the theft information from individual users from their own devices. this situation under user's own risk. business we're building the menapay platform untapped region within the fintech industry with the power blockchain technology. one the other reasons why menapay focuses mena the power well networked founders and investors who are highly reputable and well known the region. mena will very strong "hometown" grow fast, dominate first mover and then move the global scenery. menapay whitepaper how develop the most commonly used cryptocurrency menapay brings first-time solution for crypto currencies ease and practical daily life. such practical and robust solution will naturally attain top ranking market cap. today, current steps commonly used payment systems the mena region mostly like below: menapay aims become the most commonly used payment platform replacing the banks with resellers and/or menapay foundation itself transaction process. instead this flow which requires bulk bureaucracy get in; figure current payment steps menapay offers below process replacing the banks with resellers: figure payment steps with menapay menapay whitepaper you look the leaders technology which disrupted conventional ways, one the most common specialty them being distributed. airbnb distributed the accommodations, uber distributed the vehicles and any online market place website distributed one store hundreds them. our major strategy distribute one single money source (bank) hundreds them (resellers) for the menapay users. this way comes with the chance defaecating from whole bulky requirements traditional payment system which includes banks. distribution method will work easier than ever with the power decentralization blockchain technology. besides this method, integrating merchants starting from the ones which has biggest customer databases will bring millions users short period time the menapay platform. menapay follows certain plan for the exponential growth the region with being data driven, adaptive and solution-oriented. menapay will follow the channels below for marketing and business development purposes; discount premium merchants for menapay users (discount amount will covered menapay foundation) very low commission offers merchants compared current payment gateways significant online and offline marketing actions data oriented performance marketing influencer marketing social media channels offline events and organizations regional partnerships with brands bounty referral program media relations, business development team located uae, ksa, turkey and bahrain business network the founders and investors menapay's most important customer segments are merchants and the individual users. therefore, its marketing strategy comes two steps; reaching merchants and acquiring users. menapay whitepaper when comes merchants, have already started make deals with merchants from the region, using our previous experience and network. currently, managed make deals with merchants from the region. with the aim reaching merchants within year, will build two-way communication with our potential and existing merchants using well-designed, data-driven, problem solving sales strategy create sustainable and satisfied ecosystem. have designed simple and fast user interface our product, users could easily get used the system. user will have different language options including arabic, english, turkish and on. have built strong digital marketing strategy for our social media channels which will fully and constantly active connect and communicate with our community. fully understand the culture and the needs the region, will build experienced, strong sales team get touch with the merchants and resellers the field. set our purpose become the most commonly used cryptocurrency mena, menapay will spread effectively the region. menapay will gladly share tokens make sure that they have privileges the community discounts, priorities, private events etc. tokens separated for bounties and airdrops which equal ratio for team members and founders. initial exchange offering (ieo) details and timeline while creating mena region's first blockchain based common payment system, menapay foundation will collect the necessary funds with ieo, public token sale will done with initial exchange offering, which safe and innovative way fundraising. total number tokens million tokens available million soft cap million hard cap million payments method accepted eth,btc,ltc,bch,waves,usd,euro,won token format ethereum erc- standard table menapay ieo info menapay whitepaper collected funds will operated respectively: graph allocation funds further tokens will created. within weeks after the ieo finalizes, investors' tokens will sent their digital wallets using smart contracts along with their bonuses. token distribution graph token distribution menapay whitepaper the tokens reserved for founders, team, bounty, airdrops, advisors and partnerships will have months lock periods and will only released brackets the assigned token amount) each month after lock-up period. green mining reserve, the portion provide menapay tokens earned menacash transactions and staking model. timeline and growth plan when the ieo finalizes, the menapay platform will start operate with the existing merchants the system. menapay users will able pay these merchants with menacash over the platform. july there will least merchants the platform. relevant information could found under the headline figure timeline face recognition: order increase security measures and provide user convenience, face recognition feature will added september our r&d team also working the integration mnemonic passwords and face recognition which will create unique solution the industry. offices mena countries: we've already opened offices dubai (uae), istanbul ankara turkey and manama (bahrain). our plan open ksa (kingdom saudi arabia) and egypt offices the short term speed penetration the region. menapay whitepaper merchant integration: we've already signed "loi letter intent" with more than merchants who are willing integrate menapay payment gateway and become the grand launch partners menapay platform. our business development team has already started participating the international exhibitions present the menapay solution and acquire new merchants. all events can followed https://www.menapay.io/#events million menapay users: when the critical milestone million accumulated users reached mid-, will have more than million monthly active users which will make menapay one the most commonly used cryptocurrencies the world and distinctly the crypto currency mena region. accordingly, expect enter into the top cryptocurrencies market capitalization. smart contract menachain: the third quarter menachain will also have smart contract will have the securest way transact money between two parties. specifically companies which have security concerns will able define party control the transaction money and/or goods. whitelabel menacash wallet: since requires long, detailed process develop wallet for merchants; menapay will offer whitelabel wallet the merchants the platform. merchants will able name and use their own digital currencies menapay ecosystem. cash register integration: order propose another useful experience menapay user, the second half menapay will apply cash register integration. merchant integration: menapay business development team focused the integration premium online merchants phase together with the increasing trend active users, many merchants will willing integrate menapay their primary payment method. parental control for family accounts: family account feature will activated. parents will monitor and control their children's accounts. supporting languages: since our priority mena region, all products will launched with arabic, turkish and english languages firstly. after reaching over million users, menapay community will willing use menapay overseas well. expect significant request from the merchants located the countries such and usa where mena-region-people frequently visit. also, merchants and users the other islamic countries (extended mena region) will willing use menapay and we'll support the community adding more languages. menapay whitepaper expansion asian countries: menapay expansion plan especially covers the islamic asian countries such malaysia and indonesia. we'll take islamic asian countries our base point penetrate the large and promising asia market. the same time, asian digital companies are aware the monetization problems the islamic regions and they are willing integrate solutions help them better monetize their businesses. plan open offices asia reach the potential merchants with local teams. advanced features, lending and payment installment: menapay the future finance. menapay platform collects user data and analyses them with advanced machine learning and features. the end menapay data platform will reach sophisticated level calculate proper credit score for the users. credit scores can shared with the merchants upon approval from the users. then, merchants can decide whether allow users pay installments start payment after certain period time according their credit score. dubai, istanbul, bahrain, riyad and kahira will the places welcoming menapay's first offices the region. during the ieo, menapay plans listed the top exchanges. after the ieo, since the key part for cryptocurrency take place any exchange the number users and the volume. menapay aims reach users very short period time and users months which would make menapay globally cryptocurrency terms number users. the main reason for menapay's development serve any person who wants use digital payment system their daily life. alipay and wechat pay examples which dominate the payment system industry the asia region are guarantees for the success menapay within the mena region easily gaining users where the internet and mobile penetration rates are extremely high. business and revenue model menapay eliminates major cost channels pos machines, monthly fixed fees, expensive credit and debit card fees integrating barcode and code technologies, which are usable every smartphone, into the system. this opportunity highly intriguing for the merchants. built with these advantages and the blockchain technology, which eliminates intermediaries, menapay aims create its own ecosystem without depending other dynamics. menapay whitepaper menapay foundation, generates the revenue distributed menapay token holders through channels; transaction fee transaction fee (from merchant) cash-out fee transaction fees for will average and cash-out fee will average. figure menapay platform revenue models all transactions are transparent and secure whether guaranteed the technical structure the blockchain technology the nodes that will given the party audit companies. revenue generating methods menapay not include any interest methods. menacash equivalent usd kept accounts menapay. this money never subjected interest. the accounts are interest-free. case large sums money, money will held baskets gold, different fiat currencies and liquid real estate assets. any transaction witnessed parties considered compliant with islamic jurisprudence, long there financial interest within that system. menapay whitepaper menapay foundation also assures not generate any interest gain from the cash reserve menacash. menapay foundation uses its total revenue fill the green mining pool which will use for staking and rewarding models. detailed information can found under section financial projections from the merchants will reaching the end year there will users acquired the average for each. this will bring our user number today, the mobile payment penetration wechat pay around china. wechat pay first arose september this high percentage achieved wechat pay and mena region's digital transformation rates are taken into account, the number users solely within the mena region would become million year the average money transfer per person made within the year through digital pos machines usd. even the exponential increase the transfer amount disregarded, with users, menacash transaction volume would usd. research produced the university cambridge estimates that there were million unique users using cryptocurrency wallet, most them using bitcoin. considering bitcoin the most used cryptocurrency even with the fast-paced volatility accustomed with, can predict that menacash would become the most used cryptocurrency with its stable usd backed value the region and the world. graph .a: menacash user target graph .b: menacash transaction volume target menapay whitepaper board members, advisors and team members executive board members baris ozistek top executive multinational companies for more than years ceo netmarble emea chairman bogazici ventures founding board member startershub board member turkish informatic foundation board member tech ventures; protranslate, biznet, eguven, metamorfoz, sadeceon ngos; turkish blockchain platform, tusiad, fenerbahce club, girvak https://tr.linkedin.com/in/baris-ozistek-b burak balik previous large exits mena region; paygo and joygame co-founder the leading firm; bogazici ventures co-founder tech-ventures protranslate.net, hugent and ccmedia online gaming veteran blockchain and cryptocurrency enthusiast https://www.linkedin.com/in/burak-balik-a/ lawrence pre group vice president and group ceo medina turgul ddb managing director ddb tribal worldwide amsterdam years advertising experience starting with the first advertising agency turkey; manajans https://www.linkedin.com/in/lawrence-du-pre-/ menapay whitepaper bora cetinoglu co-founder the leading firm; bogazici ventures chairman electricity trading company 'see power trading' eastern europe, general partner tech-entrepreneur and serial investor technology and internet focused businesses lover coding, crypto trader board member tech-ventures; protranslate, media, sadeceon https://www.linkedin.com/in/bora-cetinoglu/ zeynep aga tevetoglu attorney successful law office; tevetoglu legal diversified area expertise; it, online gaming, e-commerce, new media, payment systems and more more than years experience lawyer digital economy extensive experience blockchain and cryptocurrencies kazim akalin fintech gaming exits mena region; paygo, gamesultan and joygame co-founder the leading venture capital firm; bogazici ventures co-founder successful tech-ventures; ccmedia and sadeceon visionary investor tech and media industry with excellent track record crypto hodler https://tr.linkedin.com/in/kazim-akalin- menapay whitepaper fusun nebil author the book "bitcoin and cryptocurrencies" founder and information technology consultant tech consultant firm sane communications ceo co-founder incobiz and intervizyon ltd. expert telecommunications https://www.linkedin.com/in/fusunnebil/ aykut sanver investor image and company starelya, apparel retail company modgrey hugent human resources firm managing partner large mena exits; gamesultan gaming company paygo payment initiative founder reputable production firm mavi baykus film studios https://tr.linkedin.com/in/aykutsanver burak gunsev leader game changer esports gaming entertainment years graphic design advertisement managing partner wanda digital graphic design founding partner wanda socialist and mobiwan mobile more than award-winning advertising campaigns carry his signature. https://www.linkedin.com/in/burakgunsev/ menapay whitepaper selected board members h.h. hanadi ahmad khadher princess kingdom saudi arabia chairman the board directors siam gulf chairman the board directors siam khaleej for organizing and organizing exhibitions and conferences tech industry enthusiast has active role the digital transformation ksa advising menapay government relations hasan aslanoba founding chairman venture capital firm aslanoba capital and webnak transportation ceo, local shareholder, and board member erikli and nestle waters, turkey joint venture active technology and entrepreneur supporter with great know-how turkey's first true angel investor with million investment domestic and foreign enterprises. https://www.linkedin.com/in/hasanaslanoba/ kamal borno associate director, strategic partnerships king abdullah economic city former head sustainable development king abdullah economic city former head the entrepreneurship platform the national commercialbank (ncb) https://www.linkedin.com/in/kamalalborno/ menapay whitepaper erol ozmandiraci ceo successful art media company artful living board member and founding partner home textiles firm eralteks rice trading company bay gida food enterprises board member real estate firm kendo successful construction firm bay insaat board member serial entrepreneur several industries https://www.linkedin.com/in/erol-ozmandiraci-aa/ billy sungwoo coo worldwide recognized billing system payletter inc. for years team member gaming venture gameflip team advisor decentralized gaming network yumerum blockchain cryptocurrency enthusiast https://www.linkedin.com/in/billy-sungwoo-lee-ba/ kenan colpan ceo one the leading accelerators turkey; itu ari teknokent board member technology firm itunova teknoloji general manager r&d worldwide corporation board member swiss chamber commerce true supporter entrepreneurs their journey becoming global https://www.linkedin.com/in/kenan-colpan-aa/ menapay whitepaper amin husseini mobile business development senior product manager middle east broadcasting center years experience middle east media sector great knowledge marketing, sales and product development has wide network the middle east https://www.linkedin.com/in/husseiniamin/ onur topac ceo gedik investment securities inc. vice chairman the board one the leading accelerators; startershub certified angel investor for more than three years serial investor with true support for entrepreneurs https://www.linkedin.com/in/onur-topac-ab/ alemsah ozturk chief happiness officer ceo gray marketing firm cofounder grupanya and dijital buro istanbul angel investor for five years ico marketing adviser pillar marketing adviser daostack, powering decentralized companies strategic adviser and founder icoswat.team chief marketing officer colendi years marketing experience https://www.linkedin.com/in/alemsah/ menapay whitepaper deniz devrim cengiz ersin pamuksuzer years banking experience fintech expert general maneger, group chief digital officer national bank kuwait previous group director digital banking teb (bnp paribas jv) head cepteteb, business line p&l owner columnist fintechtime magazine played active role the digital transformation banking industry https://www.linkedin.com/in/denizdevrimcengiz/ co-founder turkcell, the leading telecommunications firm turkey chairman and head the basaksehir living-lab project founder one the leading accelerators; starter hub founder the well-being companies "the lifeco" and "saf" brands well-known mentor the turkish startup ecosystem https://www.linkedin.com/in/ersinpamuksuzer-/ seyit ozgur cto one the leading gaming firms; netmarble emea founder peerguess, collaborative cryptocurrency ticker master skills network and internet security products experience information technologies strong know-how blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies https://www.linkedin.com/in/seyitozgur/ menapay whitepaper selcuk sarac founder inc., major player the e-commerce world board member, investor sendloop, gtech gaming tech, online mobile payment a.s., scorp, mobilus and ngx storage board member radore data center services inc. founder cloud bitcoin mining services and turo group, bitturo crpyto coin services https://www.linkedin.com/in/selcuk-sarac-/ oguzhan ozturk bod the leading firm; bogazici ventures chairman aron tourism entrepreneur crypto investor mena region veteran https://www.linkedin.com/in/oguzhan-ozturk-ba alper kulak partner maven partners partner maven insights and solutions years experience telecommunications and media, real estate and financial services expertise expanding and growing customer bases with professional strategic planning https://www.linkedin.com/in/akulak/ menapay whitepaper serkan sevim ceo content delivery network company medianova internet business veteran exits online flower business, cicek.com and online media business, mezun.com technology supporter with several enterprises and investments expert e-commerce with inner understanding merchants and customers https://www.linkedin.com/in/serkansevim/ selected advisors mahmud merali member institute taxation (uk) executive partner meralis group regional head emea meralis group vice chairman largest listed retail company turkey, bim fellow the institute chartered accountants england and wales provides training and consultancy for the dubai real estate institute minwoo kim ceo mobile game publisher consultant firm specialized mena region, kbm connect director strategic planning barunson e&a former director global business netmarble games gaming veteran blockchain enthusiast menapay whitepaper tugrul sevim partner one the biggest information law firms, bts partners law firm lecturer istanbul bilgi university provides professional consultancy services the fields electronic commerce, electronic signature, information security, nonmaterial rights, drm, information and communication technologies, law policy and strategies. https://www.linkedin.com/in/tugrulsevim/ selin beceni partner and attorney-at-law bts partners, one the biggest information law companies former partner koksal attorney partnership more than years whole range corporate and m&a work experience specialist public procurement law, employment law and property law legal advisor for startups and investors https://www.linkedin.com/in/selin-beceni-b/ mete tevetoglu legal counsel turkey game developers association assistant professor maltepe university phd from marmara university rewarded with the unal aysal thesis prize from the economic research foundation research the london school economics and political science (lse) and university london institute advanced legal studies https://www.linkedin.com/in/mete-tevetoglu-phd-b/ menapay whitepaper frankie cheung global lead entertainment former beijing wali network technology, acquired xiaomi, largest chinese smartphone manufacturer co-founder trend design limited for more than years former advisor peterson gibbs consulting limited, magic star engineering limited, efj marketing limited https://www.linkedin.com/in/trend/ elsie habib founder ambition legal consultancy speciality international law, uae laws and international corporate law years legal experience expert mena laws and regulations strong knowledge corporate law and governance https://www.linkedin.com/in/elsie-habib-/ serkan omerbeyoglu co-founder decentralized credit scoring microcredit company, colendi former business development sales mastercard former co-founder successful fintech company, ininal cco provus informatics years experience fintech excellent knowledge and opinion leader product management and mobile payments https://www.linkedin.com/in/serkanomerbeyoglu/ menapay whitepaper kerem kalkanci shareholder tech-venture, freelancer startup, sadeceon.com co-founder professional translation service, protranslate.net years software experience former consultant for fortune companies improve their software systems mba olin graduate school business alumni northeastern university https://www.linkedin.com/in/keremkalkanci/ selected team members tolga odoglu managing director menapay years finance experience years management experience years funding management blockchain cryptocurrency enthusiast https://www.linkedin.com/in/tolga-odoglu/ tuna orbay cto menapay metu alumni former cto co-founder nokta.com media nokta domains co-founder barakatech solution partner ideacoaching interested blockchain technologies icos https://www.linkedin.com/in/tunaorbay/ menapay whitepaper ilker cikrikcili chief marketing officer menapay years experience marketing years experience software engineering years experience project management https://www.linkedin.com/in/ilker-cikrikcili/ orhan bayram chief product officer menapay managing partner qec secretary general mentor effect founder quick execution business development and partnership manager startershub https://www.linkedin.com/in/orhanbayram/ cagatay karabulut project director menapay metu alumni former coo co-founder nokta.com media co-founder barakatech solution partner ideacoaching serial entrepreneur innovator https://www.linkedin.com/in/ckarabulut/ menapay whitepaper burak erdir business development director menapay years experience business development years experience account management years experience product management https://www.linkedin.com/in/burak-erdir-/ khawla benbennasser business development specialist menapay years sales experience years experience business management arabic, french, spanish and english speaker https://www.linkedin.com/in/ms-benbennasser/ polina ercin vinokurova business development manager menapay years experience business development years experience project management english, russian and chinese speaker. https://www.linkedin.com/in/polinaercin/ menapay whitepaper data protection general data protection regulation (gdpr), which covers the protection customers enterprises, has been regulated the european union with the number gdpr compliance mandatory for any enterprise that has been validated after may and that processes the data people living within the european union borders, regardless the enterprise whereabouts. the menapay platform keeps the privacy and security the user maximum level and fulfills the gdpr compliance requirements. all personal (sensitive) data obtained from the user kept the off-chain. wallets and users the blockchain are matched the off-chain. data held the blockchain are the executed transactions. these transactions are kept anonymous and matched with the off-chain database necessary. menapay whitepaper .references https://www.wikizero.pro/wiki/en/mena http://www.worldometers.info/ https://www.wikizero.pro/wiki/en/list_of_countries_where_arabic_is_an_official_language https://www.wikizero.pro/wiki/en/religion_in_the_middle_east https://www.wikizero.pro/wiki/en/list_of_countries_by_gdp_(ppp) https://gccstat.org/en/statistic/economic/ https://www.worldenergy.org/data/resources/region/middle-east-north-africa/oil/ https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.cd?locations=zq&year_high_desc=false https://www.wikizero.pro/wiki/en/payment_gateway https://www.businessinsider.com/alipay-wechat-pay-china-mobile-payments-street-vendorsmusicians-- https://globalfindex.worldbank.org/ https://www.ey.com/em/en/newsroom/news-releases/news-ey-three-out-of-four-gcc-customers-would-beready-to-switch-banks https://www.wamda.com///m-invested-in-mena-fintech https://gomedici.com/overview-of-the-payments-industry/ https://cointelegraph.com/explained/erc--tokens-explained https://bitfury.com/content/downloads/pos-vs-pow-...pdf https://www.businessinsider.com/bank-data-breaches-are-up-and-its-an-insider-job-- https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/--/how-an---billion-indian-bank-fraud-lasted-sevenyears https://www.wikizero.pro/wiki/en/demographics_of_turkey https://newzoo.com/insights/rankings/top--countries-by-smartphone-penetration-and-users/ https://www.statista.com/outlook///digital-payments/africa-middle-east#market-arpu https://www.wikizero.pro/wiki/en/bitcoin https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-mazieres-dinrg-scp/ https://www.stellar.org/papers/stellar-consensus-protocol.pdf https://www.visa.de/dam/vcom/download/about-visa/visa-rules-public.pdf menapay whitepaper thank you follow