wirex token wxt whitepaper version june executive summary background vision wirex history addressable market client base forecast retail customers corporate customers wirex platform core services liquidity engine risk engine automated kyc/kyb banking infrastructure visa infrastructure wirex app (bc retail product) features user interface (mobile) user interface (web) wirex business (bb corporate product) features user interface (web) stablecoins auto-tokenisation for fiat balances list stablecoins and supported bank-in/out methods stablecoin features use cases governance stellar partnership ibm world wire partnership wirex token wxt whitepaper version june contents list innovations crypto debit card crypto-backed reward programme cryptoback(tm) crypto-friendly business accounts otc rates for retail customers multi-currency stablecoins currencies) platform roadmap wxt token sale token overview token utility exclusive owner benefits token specification token sale process token distribution use funds wirex competitive advantages track record recognised global brand strong team state art security regulated platform the company summary leadership disclaimer wirex token wxt whitepaper version june contents executive summary wirex ground-breaking uk-based, fca-licenced global leader digital money solutions for individuals and businesses. our payment platform pioneered the seamless integration crypto and traditional currencies support multi-currency accounts, currency transfers and exchange services. wirex has global footprint with offices across the globe, nearly million registered users and availability countries and territories. wirex built state-of-the-art technology make the future digital payments reality, today. realise this goal and facilitate the everyday management both digital and traditional currencies, wirex integrates traditional banking infrastructure with cryptocurrency blockchains. this provides trusted and cost-effective service for digital money transactions which relevant for both today's payment environment and the token economy the future. wirex regulated financial institution and licensed electronic money institution (emi) the financial conduct authority (fca), licence number building solid foundation for scalable and secure services regulated environment, wirex will the key platform for digital payments the near future, including merchant payments, cross-border currency exchanges/ transfers and machine-to-machine (mm) micro transactions. most importantly, wirex available everyone from everyday consumers businesses all sizes. the platform currently supports nine cryptocurrencies (bitcoin, litecoin, xrp, ethereum, lumens, waves, wollo, dai and nano) and eleven traditional currency accounts (including gbp, eur, usd, hkd, aud, cad, chf and czk), with number major crypto and traditional currencies the pipeline. wirex was the first company the world issue contactless wirex visa card, allowing users convert and spend cryptocurrencies instantly dayto-day life. the platform provides unrestricted access otc and interbank rates for crypto and traditional currency exchanges. unlike some other financial institutions and payment platforms, wirex doesn't limit access wirex token wxt whitepaper version june executive summary the best market rates those who can afford excessive minimum order amounts. furthermore, are excited about the successful launch our unique platform february that has already attracted more than registrations from corporate customers and has successfully onboarded top tier exchanges and otc brokers including huobi, zbx and enigma securities. true the goal bridging the gap between traditional and digital money, wirex created cryptoback(tm), the world's first crypto reward programme. earns cardholders back digital currency all in-store purchases made with the wirex visa card. wxt, the wirex platform native token, universal stellar-based token extensively used within and outside the wirex platform, representing universal fee and reward unit. designed benefit our growing and user communities, help our customers save fees and let them access unique financial rewards they maintain the required balances wxt. backed sbi group, globally-renowned financial institution, wirex has spent the past four years revolutionising payments. it's surprise that nearly users across countries already say: pay way. pay wirex." background vision great believers blockchain technology and cashless society, have built platform that can address the limitations conventional financial institutions exploiting technological breakthroughs. our focus facilitating the adoption the token economy creating solutions for the most relevant use cases. having analysed the current status the blockchain-based financial services segment, have ascertained that only wirex token wxt whitepaper version june background one fully-formed industry cohort exists, represented several established crypto exchanges/trading platforms. out dozens exchanges operating the market, few command significantly higher transaction volume. their success, our view, can attributed robust technical infrastructure, clean user interfaces and wide selection currency pairs for trading. some these exchanges, such huobi and binance, prefer transacting solely within crypto ecosystem, whilst others like coinbase and bitstamp strive combine crypto and fiat functionality. short, the crypto trading/exchange market well-developed and competitive. crypto-based financial services that lie outside the trading and exchange vertical are less developed. when comes payments, insurance, lending, asset management and on, there are recognisable winners. although currency exchange very important part our business model wirex, our main focus targets blockchain-based, payment-related use cases. the over-saturated trading vertical not priority for us. having started our journey enabling individual customers utilise digital assets everyday life, are now the first fca-licensed company the world have built corporate solution wirex business for all types businesses that enables the management both digital and fiat funds one borderless platform, with multi-currency ibans and blockchain wallets. our vision for the future the token economy correlates with real trend towards technological mass adoption. given our focus payments, strive offer the best-in-class platform for individual customers and businesses alike. have been market leaders combining major payment rails with blockchains for more than four years. there are blockchain payment use cases, including payments, micropayments and the global digitalisation assets, that cannot fully realised today. our aim continue developing practical solutions for our customers, both businesses and consumers, with view becoming the goto platform the payment environment the future. wirex token wxt whitepaper version june background our track record suggests that have progressed impressively terms pace, technological achievements and milestones reached far. wirex history wirex was founded with the aim bringing cryptocurrency into everyday life, using the extensive visa network merchants countries and territories). the first wirex visa card was issued january fueling tremendous client growth. wirex achieved its goal creating truly innovative hybrid crypto/traditional currency card that captured the imagination both crypto enthusiasts and the wider market. thanks the support early adopters and 'first mover' advantage, wirex quickly became the default card for cryptocurrency payments globally. wirex opened its r&d centre kiev and continued invest resources technology, security and compliance. the end wirex dominated the cryptocurrency market with market share and customers globally. october, won the fin/sum start-up competition, beating more than companies from all over the world. the fin/sum award was trigger for wirex's success japan and our decision establish office tokyo. the firm raised funding from sbi group, one the most significant players the fintech and cryptocurrency arena. result the participation and support japanese investors and overwhelming growth this market, wirex decided incorporate wirex japan, subsidiary wirex limited. the end wirex had maintained its market share and the number employees quickly grew people across three offices london, tokyo and kiev. was the year which investments and compliance paid dividends for wirex. wirex was one the first crypto-friendly companies licensed electronic money institution the wirex token wxt whitepaper version june background financial conduct authority. big believer the token economy, wirex added support for ltc, eth and xrp, keeping with their objectives expanding their list supported currencies. wirex also introduced another world-first feature the form cryptoback(tm), exclusive cryptocurrency reward programme that earns users back digital currency all in-store transactions. with million customers across over countries, wirex expanding rapidly. new subsidiaries wirex singapore, wirex usa and wirex canada were incorporated. expand card programmes globally, agreements with bin sponsors from singapore, usa and canada were signed off and integration begun. saw wirex pick where they left off the introduction new currencies including dai, the platform's first stablecoin, wollo, waves, nano and xlm provided exciting new investment options for wirex users, while new community champions programme gave fans and enthusiasts the unique opportunity work closely with the wirex team beta tests, launches and product development. february wirex launched wirex the next-generation wirex platform offering cryptocurrencies, traditional currencies, access interbank and otc exchange rates and refreshed visual identity. the redesign was completed collaboration with pentagram the world's largest independent design consultancy. part the wirex release, wirex released wirex business, the world's first solution for businesses dealing with digital assets. the first four weeks operation, wirex business received more than applications from corporate customers. addressable market given the growth the token economy far, anticipate mass adoption across both emerging and developed economies. with advances wirex token wxt whitepaper version june background technology, believe that blockchain-based payments will become essential tool for the unbanked population currently numbering around two billion people worldwide. the same time, blockchain technology has revolutionised the entire e-commerce ecosystem providing tremendous benefits both merchants and customers developed and developing economies. the trillion global retail e-commerce market now growing almost year. currently dominated visa and mastercard but set disrupted blockchain and stablecoins particular. these represent substantially more efficient method remittance providing instant settlement capabilities along with significantly lower cost-pertransaction. the moment, high transaction fees and long settlement periods put significant pressure smes. these problems can mitigated using blockchain-based payments thanks lower costs and near-instantaneous settlements. providing easy solution for merchants and their customers accept and make payments the form digital assets, the existing e-commerce market will eventually reshaped alternative (blockchain-based) payment rails. such solution should capable instantly issuing, redeeming and exchanging multicurrency stablecoins. this exactly what wirex building. client base forecast despite the crypto winter and general decline cryptocurrency interest amongst the general public, wirex's retail and corporate client base keeps growing steadily. there are three main factors that account for this fast growth the face challenging market conditions: firstly, wirex has always focused real use cases, such payments. almost all crypto-native companies report decline trading volume and active customers because there less speculation and long periods low market volatility, suggesting that cryptocurrencies are becoming less volatile wirex token wxt whitepaper version june background secondly, wirex first-mover and true innovator. while are aware that competing companies try imitate what wirex doing, reality, the competition very low. fact, there single company the world that offers wirex's services global scale regulated environment. lastly, global expansion accounts for the fast-growing client base. have well-defined and tested approach global expansion, which compliance and regulation play key role. our typical approach obtain the required licences, grow the team, localise the product (translate the app and add local payment options), grow the community, and grow the client base. retail customers currently, wirex has over two million registered users and the customer base doubles every year without significant marketing operations. fact, the customer base expected continue doubling move forward. wirex has customers the waiting list for the wirex visa card apac and north america (the card launch planned for are targeting global client base million the next years. wirex token wxt whitepaper version june background corporate customers wirex business relatively new. april have over businesses live the platform (including top-tier exchanges and otc brokers including huobi, zbx and enigma securities) and the waiting list use wirex business. the main reason for such outstanding demand that there single platform the world offering the same breadth services wirex business, e.g. secure crypto wallets, corporate bank accounts and instant exchange otc/interbank rates. while our first-mover advantage has served well, understand will not last forever. maintain our leading position, plan what best innovate and incorporate new and exciting features for businesses that will help them unlock the potential token economy and blockchain-based payments. wirex plans open wirex business accounts for corporate clients the end wirex token wxt whitepaper version june background wirex platform the wirex platform designed from scratch and built in-house. this unique approach has enabled wirex build systems free from legacy constraints using technology that transforms the payment experience making transactions faster, more efficient and more secure for everyone. the wirex platform integrative model utilising cloud-based microservices. each has specific responsibility and can updated replicated without lengthy maintenance process. when designed the platform, paid particular attention security and safety. wirex's infrastructure audited and pen-tested regular basis. addition, the wirex platform pci dss level -certified, meeting the industry's highest security requirements. wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirex platform core services liquidity engine the wirex liquidity engine network liquidity providers capable providing liquidity for more than currency pairs, including cryptocurrency and fiat. order facilitate such currency coverage, wirex has integrated number external liquidity providers: cryptocurrency and fiat exchanges cover different currency pairs and find the best rates otc brokers accommodate high-value orders and find the best price for particular currency combinations and order depth brokers provide interbank exchange rates for traditional currency pairs risk engine wirex employs combination in-house built tools with the best solutions available the market combat: fraudulent card transactions unauthorised access and transactions employ and ml-based features discover and prevent new fraud related patterns. automated kyc/kyb work with industry leaders automated kyc and kyb processes. regulated entity perform all necessary checks, including: peps/sanctions onboarding and monitoring facial recognition and proof address and residence blockchain-based aml wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirex platform banking infrastructure wirex integrated with number banking partners create and close individual and corporate bank accounts, initiate and receive bank transfers and exchange currencies. offer our customers multi-currency international bank accounts connected swift/sepa/faster payment/ach and are constantly adding more local payment rails. visa infrastructure the wirex platform deeply integrated with visa's global network offer issuing and acquiring capabilities. visa network integration allows powerful and scalable payment processing that's certified visa. supports chip and pin (emv), magstripe, virtual and contactless card processing across prepaid and debit card rails. manage and control all important elements the network, including customer on-boarding, card creation, card delivery, card transaction processing etc. wirex app (bc retail product) wirex offers fully-featured mobile wallets supporting more than currencies, digital and traditional, well wirex visa cards that allow clients spend their money with merchants around the world. more than million people have registered the wirex platform far and welcome thousands new customers the platform each day. while cryptocurrency has huge potential the payment space, poor merchant acceptance big obstacle for mass adoption. fact, the number merchants around the world that accept digital assets means payment still only the tens thousands, figure insufficient for the mass market. the wirex visa card solves this problem allowing customers use their digital money the best possible rates anywhere visa accepted. wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirex platform while clear that blockchain-based payments represent the future, believe that integrating digital money into existing merchant networks vital first step the road mass adoption. the wirex app helps users manage digital and fiat currencies and provides secure accounts for everyday use, well convenience and versatility. features multi-currency accounts (digital traditional) wirex boasts the only mobile banking app that combines digital wallets cryptocurrencies) with multi-currency bank accounts traditional currencies) that support multiple in/out funding options (crypto transfers, ach, sepa, swift, faster payments and debit/credit cards). instant exchange wirex's exchange engine can instantly convert any combination cryptocurrencies and traditional currencies the best rates the market. best exchange rates (otc interbank) wirex integrated with exchanges, otc brokers and brokers. any point time, wirex can provide the best exchange rate regardless currency pairing. visa card with dynamic d-secure wirex visa cards allow customers seamlessly spend their crypto fiat currency over million merchants worldwide. the range wirexsupported currencies underpins multiple use cases: primary payment card, travel card, and solution for numerous crypto-based remittances. the fact that all wirex cards support the dynamic d-secure protocol makes all online transactions secure possible. cryptoback(tm) wirex rewards cryptoback(tm) the world's first crypto-based rewards program. offers back every in-store purchase paid wirex tokens (wxt). cryptoback(tm) has proved excellent instrument for increasing customer engagement and retention. wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirex platform and cross-border payments wirex users can instantly send receive funds from their contacts without for free. people who use the wirex app can split bills save for trips and birthday gifts. wirex will issue fiat-backed wirex stablecoins. partnership with the ibm world wire network will enable funds sent globally, allowing for cheaper and faster payments than the existing traditional options currently the market. spending analytics and budgeting (coming soon) wirex uses big data and bespoke set tools categorise transactional data merchant, location and transaction category. wirex users can instantly see their spending breakdown, improve financial habits and stick planned budget. saving accounts (coming soon) wirex saving accounts offer variety options for saving money: one-off payments can used customers need put money aside manually recurring transfers the saving account are useful for regular savings spare change round-ups allow users save without thinking about when user enables the round-up feature, will automatically round any transaction you make with your wirex card the nearest whole number and place the customers savings account. crypto-backed loans (coming soon) eligible customers will able use their digital assets collateral for crypto-backed loans. based currency and terms, wirex will provide the best possible offer via network loan originators. crypto-backed loans can fast and tax-efficient way unlock cryptocurrency savings. merchants offers (coming soon) good relationship with merchant networks different countries allows wirex provide unique cryptoback(tm) offers, discounts and cashback deals its clients. available merchant offers will displayed the rewards section the app; customers can choose the ones they like. wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirex platform user interface (mobile) wirex mobile app home wirex mobile app accounts wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirex platform user interface (mobile) wirex mobile app wirex visa card wirex mobile app rewards wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirex platform user interface (web) wirex web app home wirex web app exchange wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirex platform user interface (web) wirex web app wirex visa card wirex web app account wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirex platform wirex business (bb corporate product) wirex business regulated corporate finance solution offering secure multi-signature wallets, corporate bank accounts and the best exchange rates available. the cryptocurrency industry growing fast, but many the companies dealing with digital assets struggle open bank accounts integrate with the existing banking and payment infrastructure. our goal provide secure, regulated and cost-efficient environment which businesses can manage digital and traditional money without artificial limits huge fees. believe that compatibility with traditional infrastructure will accelerate innovation and encourage more companies focus real use cases; this will facilitate the mass adoption cryptocurrency. features one-stop off ramp solution (digital<>fiat) wirex business combines cryptocurrency custody (for cryptocurrencies) with multi-currency fiat accounts currencies) and supports multiple funds out options (crypto, ach, sepa, swift, debit credit cards). deep liquidity pool wirex integrated with exchanges, otc brokers and brokers, allowing process multi-million dollar orders some the best market rates. otc rates wirex has democratised access otc exchange rates with minimum order size. api rest api and websocket api provides access the entire functionality available the wirex business ui, which means businesses can integrate the wirex platform into their existing infrastructure. wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirex platform streamlined kyb fully-automated kyb process allows businesses onboard from more than countries, with manual intervention only necessary there complex ownership structure. mass-payments wirex payment infrastructure allows instant and low-cost mass payments any currency, digital traditional. stablecoins and the ibm world wire network will used facilitate cross-border transfers. advanced security and role management wirex offers three predefined roles: owner, accountant and viewer, with different permissions for each. companies can add new roles and customise access and approval flow satisfy business requirements. wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirex platform user interface (web) wirex business web app onboarding wirex business web app home wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirex platform user interface (web) wirex business web app account wirex business web app counterparties wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirex platform stablecoins wirex about start issuing different fiat-backed stablecoins backed oneto-one corresponding fiat currency. for example, wirex will hold for every gbpw, for every usdw and on. these funds are held segregated bank accounts that are constantly monitored and audited. addition, the wirex platform offers the instant exchange fiat-backed tokens interbank rates. auto-tokenisation for fiat balances wirex stablecoins are automatically available for retail and corporate customers. once customer deposits fiat currency, wirex instantly tokenises issuing the equivalent stablecoins; clients can decide use stablecoins traditional banking rails pay their partners suppliers. for example, bob deposits usd via ach transfer, the wirex platform instantly issues usdw. bob can send the usdw friends, pay bills purchase goods with his wirex visa card. list stablecoins and supported bank-in/out methods continuously add new currencies and fiat on/off ramp methods. the table below shows the stablecoins that will available the platform. token backed fiat in/out bank options usdw usd ach, swift eurw eur sepa, sepa instant, swift gbpw gbp faster payments, swift wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirex platform token backed fiat in/out bank options aedw aed swift audw aud swift cadw cad swift chfw chf swift cnyw cny swift czkw czk swift dkkw dkk swift hkdw hkd swift hufw huf swift jpyw jpy swift mxnw mxn swift nokw nok swift nzdw nzd swift sekw sek swift sgdw sgd swift plnw pln swift ilsw ils swift hrkw hrk swift ronw ron swift rubw rub swift sarw sar swift tryw try swift zarw zar swift wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirex platform stablecoin features fiat-backed stable coins currencies) wirex stablecoins are fully collateralised fiat-backed tokens currencies, offering real-time interbank exchange rates. stellar-based the stellar platform offers high-speed transactions. the platform can process transactions per second, with each transaction taking between seconds confirm. the platform not only scalable but also extremely efficient the cost-per-transaction less than $.. addition, stellar offers built-in compliance framework and the ability freeze and reissue funds case they are lost stolen. see below for further details. regulated, audited and compliant wirex stablecoins are based existing wirex e-money infrastructure (audited, tested and regulated). focus payments while fiat-backed tokens can used for hedging and numerous other use cases, the main focus for wirex stablecoins payments: everyday payments, cross-border transfers and machine-to-machine (mm) transactions. real-time monitoring the wirex platform allows anyone monitor the amount fiat and issued tokens real-time, making wirex stablecoins the most transparent fiatbacked tokens the market. decentralised issuance wirex uses governed networks and consortium, which lets any institution that satisfies the requirements issue wirex stablecoins. use cases hedging cryptocurrencies fluctuate price according market supply and demand. tokenised fiat money does not fluctuate value. instead, remains price- wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirex platform pegged the value its underlying asset. this makes price-stable tokens useful for providing fiat connectivity and hedging risks crypto exchanges, particularly exchanges that not provide traditional fiat and off-ramps long the price truly stable and effective protective measures around the minting and redemption such tokens are place. investor may choose protect themselves from bitcoin's fluctuating value trading their btc for usd/gbp/eur tokens supporting exchange. this case, they can rest assured that the value those tokens will not fluctuate. merchant payments present, any business takes significant risk accepting cryptocurrencies method exchange due the significant volatility this asset class. stablecoins hold the potential unlock the mainstream adoption cryptocurrencies for day-to-day payments for businesses and commerce; price stability key reason why merchants and retailers around the world not usually accept crypto transactions. additionally, merchants stand save fees compared debit/credit card payments. cross-border payments stablecoins eliminate the price volatility risk crypto payments are processed. stay relevant this context, transactions have confirmed rapidly order provide good user experience and noteworthy improvement conventional transfers (international bank transfers currently take three days). token transfers take seconds confirm. both counterparties can leverage the stellar compliance framework case they need additional information about the sender recipient. case cross-currency transfer, exchange rates can provided wirex via the stellar dex during the exchange process, the tokens one currency are destroyed while the tokens another currency are created. machine-to-machine (mm) payments stellar-based stablecoins are ideal for microtransactions. they are fast and cheap compared competing blockchains such bitcoin ethereum. wirex stablecoins built the stellar infrastructure can process transactions per second, which makes them capable processing millions transactions. reports suggest that there will billion connected devices believe that payments will huge new market the very near future. wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirex platform governance wirex uses decentralised issuance model, which any financial institution can join the wirex consortium issue tokens backed local currency. one the requirements for such issuance that corporates have store their funds wirex business accounts, can guarantee both the transparency and safety tokenised funds. stellar partnership stellar open-sourced, distributed payments infrastructure, built the premise that the international community needs worldwide financial network open anyone." the project meets this need, connecting individuals, institutions, and payment systems through the platform. february wirex started implementing stellar-based stablecoins currencies, close collaboration with the stellar foundation. addition, wirex set three full validators and joined other companies such ibm the stellar consensus protocol. ibm world wire partnership using blockchain technology and the stellar protocol, ibm blockchain world wire provides shared distributed ledgers for atomic payment clearing and settlement near real-time. the network uses digital assets (that serve the agreed-upon store value exchanged between parties) settle transactions while integrating payment instruction messages. the main benefits this are: increased transparency immutable transaction history decreased need for intermediaries shared distributed ledger system near real-time remittance easy consensus between stakeholders wirex the process joining the ibm world wire payment network and plans active market maker and participant world wire. the world wire network will complement existing stellar<>wirex integration and opens multiple possibilities the remittance space. given that all banks the world work with ibm, recognise this ibm initiative first step towards achieving standard for stablecoin-based payments. wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirex platform list innovations crypto debit card the world's first prepaid card linked bitcoin wallet was issued wirex (formerly e-coin) january issuing card product like this, attempted solve one the major problems cryptocurrencies, namely their poor adoption and acceptance. instead convincing all merchants the world start accepting cryptocurrencies, were able use existing visa and mastercard merchant networks and connect with over million merchants more than countries and territories worldwide. crypto-backed reward programme cryptoback(tm) the world's first cryptocurrency reward programme was created wirex cryptoback(tm) offers back cryptocurrency every in-store purchase made with the wirex visa card. cryptoback(tm) has been tremendous success from the very beginning. tens thousands people pay wirex every day and collect cryptoback(tm) when they buy cup coffee, groceries clothing. the cryptoback(tm) programme has neatly eliminated the major problem legacy loyalty point schemes, such the inability spend, exchange transfer collected points. because cryptoback(tm) paid cryptocurrency, instantly redeemable and spendable. crypto-friendly business accounts february launched the world's first-ever fca-licenced, crypto-friendly business account. blockchain comes into its eleventh year existence, consumers can enjoy myriad options for managing their cryptocurrency, whether exchanges, payment platforms private offline wallets. there are also growing numbers fintech start-ups that offer services the digital payment space help open the market more mainstream adoption. however, when comes businesses, things are not quite simple. lack regulation the sector has restricted the scope for crypto-friendly wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirex platform business offerings. today, many crypto and blockchain-focused start-ups still struggle find banking partners that can accommodate their needs due widespread institutional reluctance. wirex offers corporate multicurrency ibans with access swift/sepa/faster payments/ach, secure cryptocurrency wallets and exchange otc rates one-stop, elegant solution the wirex business platform. otc rates for retail customers february wirex started providing otc exchange rates retail customers. were the first the market with such initiative. not many people realise that the otc market for digital assets bigger than the exchange market. exchanges might set the price, but medium-to-large trades not take place there. the main reason why centralised exchanges are still popular that the otc market not accessible everyone. otc rates are widely accepted the best available, yet only institutional investors, high-net-worth individuals large corporations are allowed access them. further barriers otc trades are prohibitively large minimum order sizes. wirex, think it's unfair that retail customers and smes (small and medium enterprises) cannot trade the otc market. are very excited the first company the world democratise access otc and interbank rates. now possible exchange digital and traditional currencies the otc interbank rate the wirex platform, regardless currency pair order size. multi-currency stablecoins currencies) wirex introducing another world-first multi-currency stablecoins, which can instantly and seamlessly redeemed, transferred exchanged. wirex fiat-pegged tokens are unique that they are used auto-tokenise the entire fiat balances the wirex platform (wirex app and wirex business), which makes them instantly available for our million retail customers and corporates. wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirex platform platform wirex currently implementing the world's first machine-to-machine (mm) platform (code named w-pay) based wirex fiat-pegged tokens (multiple currencies with instant exchange), stellar scalability transactions per second) and ibm world wire capabilities banks use ibm). once built, the platform will able process thousands transactions per second global scale. will integrate seamlessly into existing banking/payment infrastructure and will comply with existing e-money regulation. wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirex platform roadmap wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirex platform wxt token sale token overview wirex token (wxt) utility token based the stellar blockchain which will issued wirex (gibraltar) limited. wirex (gibraltar) limited wholly-owned subsidiary wirex uk. chose the stellar blockchain because believe the most suitable blockchain for payments, due its low cost-per-transaction, high transaction throughput and native compliance framework. token utility our native token designed benefit our growing and user communities and help our customers save fees they maintain the required balance wxt tokens. discount fees every user will entitled discount wirex fees (the percentage depends the amount wxt held customer), including: exchange fees monthly management fees bank transfer fees top-up via credit debit card atm fees token hosting fees blockchain transfer fees collecting rewards wirex token (wxt) will used universal reward token for the following wirex reward programmes: cryptoback(tm) from every in-store purchase paid wxt merchant offers discount/cashbacks provided merchant networks, paid wxt travel offers for eligible foreign transactions paid wxt wirex business rewards business incentives for using wirex stablecoins, paid wxt wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wxt token sale wxt reward structure fee discount enhanced cryptobacktm wxt wxt wxt exclusive owner benefits wirex token (wxt) holders will have access exclusive wirex app and wirex business features: wirex app (retail) discount fees premium wirex visa card higher cryptoback(tm) bespoke merchant offers and discounts dedicated support line concierge service airport lounge access early access new features wirex business (corporate) discount fees multiple ibans per legal entity dedicated account manager transaction limits enhanced wirex business rewards unlimited users per organisation bespoke merchant offers and discounts for businesses free access accounting integration (xero, sage) wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wxt token sale token specification stellar-based utility token widely used the wirex platform. will allow users unlock benefits and utilise our features efficiently possible. token sale process ticker wxt (wirex token) total token supply ,,, wxt initial circulating supply total token supply (,, wxt) public sale token price wxt usd total public sale allocation wxt total token supply) public sale vesting period vesting period lockup private sale allocation wxt total token supply) per wxt ($m total) private sale lockup period month lockups token type stellar-based wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wxt token sale token distribution seed/private round public sale r&d platform reserve partnerships team public sale: least the entire supply sold during the ieo (initial exchange offering) exchange. seed/private round: bulk pre-sale wirex (wxt) tokens group institutional investors and wirex verified users the nominal value per wxt. discounts will apply. lockup periods will apply outlined the tables below. platform reserve: least the entire supply will retained the platform reserve protect the wirex token (wxt) from speculative trading and maintain flexibility during the early stages the evolution the system. addition, the platform reserve will used compensate wirex users case any security breach that results the loss client funds (something that has never happened date). team: the supply will reserved for the management and development teams with months lockup periods. team supply will used incentivise existing members and attract new talent the wirex global team. partnerships: the supply will used incentivise merchants and partners integrate use wxt their platforms. r&d: tokens will used for infrastructure, integrations and enterprise services for corporate clients and partners. token burn mechanism: wirex will burn the wxt tokens held the platform reserves over -year period. each occasion wirex user earns cryptoback(tm), wirex will allocate additional wxt from the platform reserves for burning. token burning will take place regular intervals during the -year period. wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wxt token sale there lockup structure designed ensure that more than new tokens can added circulation any given month during -month period. wxt token release lockup period public sale private round r&d partnerships team platform reserve use funds funds received from the token sale will help wirex scale its operations globally. will allow launch card products across asia pacific and north america and ensure the launch card programmes other regions. estimate that million investment required develop and launch card products five regions. r&d investment million required design and develop bestin-class platform for merchants, enable them seamlessly accept stablecoin-based payments with instant settlements worldwide. wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wxt token sale dec oct aug jun apr feb dec oct aug jun apr feb dec oct aug jun apr feb dec oct aug jun apr feb dec oct aug jun approximately million available capital needed obtain banking licence the european union, addition our existing e-money licence. addition, further million will allocated becoming principal member visa, mastercard and unionpay for self-acquiring and issuing purposes. plan invest million develop partnerships with number well-known merchants put significant transaction volume through our stablecoin infrastructure. marketing investment million required support our global expansion. will cover paid channels, activity and affiliate programmes. the rest the funds will added our liquidity reserves order maintain regulatory capital, daily balances with exchanges, otc trades and deposits with banking partners, visa mastercard and other networks. wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wxt token sale wirex competitive advantages track record the milestones have reached: registered individual users retail users the apac and north america waiting lists businesses going through our onboarding process $.b+ processed emi licence (uk and eea) pci dss certification recognised global brand the wirex brand recognised globally thanks history world-first products and large and diverse customer base. wirex's brand-new look the result collaboration with pentagram the world's largest independently owned design studio which has shaped the identity google, mastercard, microsoft, citibank etc. the wirex visual identity available behance. strong team the wirex team combines entrepreneurs, engineers and finance and compliance professionals. the efficiency with which have achieved our goals demonstrates that are capable reaching our next roadmap milestones the allotted timeframe, and taking the business the next level maintain our leading position the blockchain payment space. wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirex competitive advantages state art security customer security and safety our top priority. have integrated number industry-best solutions ensure both customer data and funds are safe. our entire platform checked and audited independent auditors regular basis. regulated platform wirex authorised electronic money institution with permission issue electronic money (e-money) and provide payment services, ref. the company summary fully exploit and take advantage blockchain-based technologies the payment sector, platform that integrates with traditional local and international payment rails while providing easy access blockchains and digital wallets required. such platform should properly regulated and compliant. having built all the above, wirex set solid foundation for future growth and development. the wirex native token another important milestone. allows offer benefits our customers, increase wirex's capabilities and share our achievements with the entire blockchain community. wirex limited incorporated the and wirex group includes the following subsidiaries: wirex singapore wirex japan wirex usa wirex canada wirex russia wirex gibraltar wirex r&d wirex token wxt whitepaper version june the company leadership pavel matveev co-founder, co-ceo years software for financial services industries previously independent consultant barclays, morgan stanley, bnp paribas and credit suisse dmitry lazarichev co-founder, co-ceo years financial services entrepreneur, mba (cass business school) previously partner solid finance house, head valuation solid investment bank wirex token wxt whitepaper version june the company leadership wataru kojima japan years fintech previously president saxo bank japan, director patsystems japan (acquired ion trading) dashiell lipscomb wirex asia years payments and fintech previously wirecard, vodafone and wirex token wxt whitepaper version june the company leadership martin lamming chief marketing officer years senior marketing roles previously global head marketing forextime (fxtm), marketing director smart currency exchange ltd michael moore chief compliance officer years compliance and financial services previously paysafe, standard bank and royal bank scotland wirex token wxt whitepaper version june the company disclaimer risk statement disclaimer: this white paper has been issued wirex (gibraltar) limited ("wirex") may and should read conjunction with wirex's terms and conditions (the "terms"). this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus for the purposes [directive //eec (the "prospectus directive"), and the amending directive //eu] [regulation (eu) (the "prospectus regulation")] offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investments securities any jurisdiction. the purpose this white paper provide prospective purchasers with the information wirex's project allow the prospective purchasers make their own decision whether not wishes proceed purchase wirex tokens ("wxt"). this white paper does not constitute offer invitation, any other sale purchase shares, securities, any the assets any possession wxt shall not grant any rights any form the user, including but not limited any rights ownership, interest, profit, redemption, property intellectual property, decision making, any other such rights, such any rights financial legal nature, wirex its affiliates. the directors wirex (gibraltar) have taken reasonable care ensure that, the date this white paper, the information contained herein accurate the best their knowledge and there are other facts, the omission which, would make misleading any statement this white paper. representation, warranty, assurance undertaking made its continued accuracy after such date. the information contained this white paper may subject modification, supplementation and amendment any time and from time time. wirex token wxt whitepaper version june disclaimer risk statement this white paper describes wirex uk's business objectives and the issue the wxt wirex (gibraltar). has not been reviewed, verified, approved authorised any regulatory supervisory authority. the following content provided for informational purposes related our approach providing solution based blockchain technology. the following information may not comprehensive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. this document does not constitute the provision investment professional advisory services. wirex does not guarantee, and accept legal liability whatsoever arising from connected to, the accuracy, reliability, completeness any material contained this document. the responsibility prospective purchasers wxt undertake their own due diligence. prospective purchasers wxt are wholly responsible for ensuring that all aspects this white paper and the terms are acceptable them. the purchase wxt may involve special risks that could lead loss all substantial portion the purchase amount. wirex (gibraltar) does not represent, warrant, undertake assure that the wxt are defect/ virus free will meet any specific requirements prospective purchaser. you should only purchase wxt you can afford complete loss. unless you fully understand and accept the nature the wxt and the potential risks inherent the purchase wxt you should not purchase wxt. the publication this white paper and the offering wxt may restricted certain jurisdictions. the responsibility any person possession this white paper and any persons wishing make application for wxt (pursuant the terms) inform themselves of, and observe, any and all laws and regulations that may applicable them. accordingly, wxt are not being offered distributed to, neither can they resold otherwise transferred their holders the citizens of, whether they are private legal persons, and people who own permanent residence their seat incorporation the united states america and its territories, the people's republic china, the republic korea, singapore, and any countries, territories, jurisdictions where transactions with digital tokens are prohibited some extent restricted the law. wirex token wxt whitepaper version june disclaimer risk statement this whitepaper does not form any legal relationship between wirex and participants the token sale. the purchase wirex only possible after accepting the terms subject purchaser having completed wirex (gibraltar's) customer due diligence process accordance with gibraltar law. wxt are meant for use strictly within the wirex platform and shall not have any value use outside it. wirex (gibraltar) and wirex not and shall not provide any guarantees, projections, estimates, ensure any profit, income, gains from wirex products services. participants the token sale shall carefully assess all available information and possible risks before participating the token sale making use wirex products services. wirex (gibraltar) reserves the right make amendments and changes this whitepaper any time and without notification. such case, only the latest version this whitepaper published wirexapp.com website shall considered valid, whilst all older versions this whitepaper shall considered invalid. wirex gibraltar not required give notice this. wirex (gibraltar) shall not held responsible liable for any losses, damages, harm arising from participation this token sale. wxt shall not used for any kind speculative, investment, financial purposes. this whitepaper shall not reproduced, redistributed, published without including this disclaimer section. case reproduction, redistribution, publishing this whitepaper without this disclaimer section, this whitepaper and all information presented herein shall considered invalid. wirex (gibraltar) makes warranty whatsoever (express implied) with respect any wxt proposed issued the group, including any: (i) warranty that the wxt will issued, (ii) warranty merchantability; (iii) warranty fitness for particular purpose; (iv) warranty title; (v) warranty against infringement intellectual property rights third party, whether arising operation law, course dealing, course performance, usage trade, otherwise except expressly set forth writing between the company and any purchaser wxt. condition wirex token wxt whitepaper version june disclaimer risk statement you receiving and retaining this whitepaper that you warrant the group, its managers, and its officers that you have not relied upon any warranty made the group, any other person the group's behalf. purchasing wxt you your own risk. the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations, and rules, wirex and its affiliates and their respective officers, employees, agents will, relation the website and wirex tokens, not liable for any damages any kind, including but not limited to, direct, consequential, incidental, special indirect damages (including but not limited lost profits, loss revenue third party loss whether foreseeable otherwise, trading losses damages that result from use loss use the website and wirex tokens.) for the avoidance doubt, wirex (gibraltar) expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct consequential loss damage any kind whatsoever arising directly indirectly from: (i) reliance any information contained this document; (ii) any error, omission, inaccuracy any such information; (iii) any action resulting therefrom; (iv) usage acquisition products, available through the website. participants the token sale acknowledge and agree that they are not purchasing wxt for purposes investment, speculation, other financial purposes. some the statements the whitepaper include forward-looking statements which reflect wirex uk's current views with respect execution roadmap, financial performance, business strategy and future plans, both with respect wirex and the sectors and industries which wirex operates. statements which include the words "expects", "plans", "believes", "projects", "anticipates", "will", "aims", "may", "would", "could", "continue", and similar statements are future forward-looking nature. all forward-looking statements address matters that involve risks and uncertainties. accordingly, there are will important factors that could cause wirex uk's actual results differ materially from those indicated the statements. these factors include but are not limited those described wirex token wxt whitepaper version june disclaimer risk statement the part the terms entitled "risks", which should read conjunction with this risk statement and other cautionary statements the token sale terms and conditions. any forward-looking statements this whitepaper reflect wirex (gibraltar) wirex (uk's) current views with respect future events and are subject these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating wirex (gibraltar) wirex (uk's) operations, results operations and growth strategy. these forward-looking statements speak only the date this whitepaper. prospective participants the token sale should specifically consider the factors identified the terms could cause actual results differ before making purchase decision. statement this whitepaper intended profit forecast and statement this whitepaper should interpreted mean that wirex (gibraltar) wirex (uk's) earnings for the current future years would may implied this whitepaper. risk statement: investor, legal and regulatory, market and operational risks are set out the terms. you should review these risks before purchasing wxt. wirex token wxt whitepaper version june wirexapp.com