english pick your creation! whitepaper blockchain-based peer peer digital content ecosystem. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. table contents summary background our philosophy creator oriented revenue distribution transparent settlement sponsorship more content creators problem weakened creators' power extractive monopolies missing community lack transparency piracy and infringement our solution decentralized digital content ecosystem support community greater ancillary support for creators greater chance participate for consumers transparent information about copyright ownership digital content copyright management intellectual property registration and licensing how works community stakeholders content provider consumer community supporter content distributor reporter marketer crowdsourced translator piction network council token economy introduction pxl/pic/ele token pixel token (referred "pxl") picture token (referred "pic") element token (referred "ele") flow pic/ele token detailed role and incentive system consumers content providers supporters full recruitment process through dbc v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. table contents marketer reporter content distributors crowdsourced translator piction network council secondary creation market through pool consumer participation scenarios content providers reporter community supporter marketer new content distributor crowdsourced translator technical considerations blockchain network network architecture content copyright and distributed transmission copyright protection distributed transmission token sales plan total sum and allocation distribution roadmap biz part tech part team legal disclaimer v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. summary piction network decentralized peer-to-peer digital content ecosystem. leveraging blockchain technology, piction network intends cultivate creator oriented and trustless digital content ecosystem. aim disrupt the centralized models content monetization, distribution, and ownership dominated extractive intermediaries return power back the content creators. the alignment incentives via token economic structures opens new realms for collaboration between creators and community supporters, realm untapped the status quo. supporters can now provide the creator with various services such marketings, translations, and sponsorships. this also provides opportunity growth many creators who were not able supported publish their content before. the global era quickly changing the classic business models. particular, the creative content economy has been undergoing radical changes for more than decade. the global digital content market was approximately valued trillion and anticipated grow rapidly the future, the average rate more than the period ranging from expected that the global digital content market will valued trillion million usd digital content market region global total usa china japan korea other asia emma other ameica europe cagr (-) digital content market region, cagr source from global digital contents market analysis https://www.nipa.kr/board/boardview.it?boardno=&contentno=&menuno=&gubn=board&page=) the so-called digital content industry refers the use high-tech digital tools and information technology integrate text, image, audio, and other content into products and services. the various forms digital content include information that digitally broadcasted, streamed, contained computer files. recently, digital content has quickly started spread more households get access the internet. therefore, has become easier for people get news and watch from the online, rather than from the traditional platforms. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. million usd digital content market category for piction digital cartoon ebook digital music digital broadcasting picion target total source from global digital contents market analysis https://www.nipa.kr/board/boardview.it?boardno=&contentno=&menuno=&gubn=board&page=) the contemporary global market, companies accumulate power building carefully designed hyper-specialized service platforms. however, this situation ultimately creates imbalance between the platform owners and its users, and business owners are not afraid use their leverage impose rules that benefit them, the expense users. content providers are initially hard attract but platforms eventually become unavoidable part the market. this model, distribution the core value business. the large platform players extract billion platform fees annually. these so-called extractive intermediaries charge disproportionately high fee whenever consumer buys content from its creator. because they often hold monopoly their platform, the creators have choice but pay these fees. simply put, the creators have bargaining power against them. this precisely why content creators have long been yearning for fairer means monetizing, distributing, and exercising ownership their content. piction network, envision such ecosystem and want you part our vision. leveraging blockchain technology, piction network intends cultivate reliable, creator-oriented digital content ecosystem. aim disrupt the centralized models content monetization, distribution, and ownership currently dominated extractive intermediaries give the power back the creators. piction network ecosystem leverages smart contracts, allowing creators directly license their content consumers. the decentralized and peer-to-peer authentication mechanism can considered the ideal right management mechanism. under this unfair structure, stakeholder can win and stakeholder can rewarded enough except for the large platforms. for sustainable and healthy growth all stakeholders, the traditional centralized business model should changed. piction network reverse ico supported strong parent company korea battle entertainment that specializes operating digital content platform and distributing digital content overseas. battle entertainment has been operating for years the content business industry and trusted leading venture capitals such smilegate investment, industrial bank korea, ktb network, and many more. have total people the team korea and china well. battle entertainment operates battle comics, one the top digital content platform korea. also produces digital content korea and china and translates/distributes digital content overseas. hence, the first stage, can leverage our piction network ecosystem with battle entertainments' asset such digital content and network. subsidiary affiliated companies business areas the five years experiences and insight the digital content industry and after working close consultation with content creators has led the conclusion that the industry mired deep problems for various stakeholders. order solve the aforementioned problems, intend create decentralized content ecosystem, piction network. piction network ecosystem, content creators raise the production fund required maintain their creative activities directly from the community. community can participate supporters, translators, influencers, and consumers. the value that generated from the ecosystem based blockchain technology and smart contract that the distribution benefits and costs can transparently disclosed and automatically distributed without intermediaries. will return all the ownership, rights, and responsibilities over the content the participants who have created, invested in, translated, and promoted the content. addition, piction network ecosystem also not dependent any particular platform, country, language but will managed through the voluntary incentivised participation between creators and consumers through interplay various token economic incentives. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. background for the people who live the digital era, their "fan identity" one the dominant ways consuming popular culture. users who consume popular culture are fans fan-like people the space internet websites, communities, blogs, social media, etc. they show similar behavior style that they share, enjoy and enjoy with others about their enthusiastic things. fans not just spend cultural goods. they build their own popular culture such way that they use them ingredients and create pleasures for themselves. this process, fans constantly produce something. fan base that actively engaged creative activities can defined 'creative user'. fan base that actively engaged creative activities can defined 'creative user'. creative users are entirely new group that can explain community market models that are different from existing market models. fandom growing communicating continuously with members through fan cafes, and the basis for such fanatics make second creative work through translation, arrangement, transformation, adaptation, video production, and other methods. piction network paying attention the ecosystem where all participants, including the creator and the reader, make organic relationship and support each other and grow up. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. our philosophy intend build ecosystem where all participants will co-exist for the healthy growth the digital content market. equality opportunity should guaranteed for many creators through low entry barriers. the final consumer should not beyond simple purchasing but expand opportunities for the rights and participation consumers the content market. addition, creating open market and eliminating unnecessary intermediary operators, content distributors are expected benefit from the sharing reasonable revenues. creator oriented revenue distribution returns power back content creator piction network returns power back content creators. piction network digital content platforms establish creator centric ecosystem where creators can receive more benefits for their content. digital content platforms and creators can freely sell the content published piction network ecosystem lowers the barriers enter for platform content distributors and reduce the burden required for them manage creator's production tapping into the power the community. this lower entry barrier and the reduction administrative costs enable higher rate revenue distribution content creators. autonomous smart contract user marketer pay for content production cost supporter help distribution creator expand market global serves content network translator distributior v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. transparent settlement full transparent immutable traditional platforms mired with extractive intermediaries, there lack transparency and accountability revenue distribution and revenue settlement. creators are given their fair share benefit rewards without full disclosure the data regarding the sales their content. since transactions the blockchain are fully transparent and immutable, piction network resolves the issues related transparency and accountability. sponsorship more content creators growth together community creators traditional digital content platforms support only handful creators publish their content. piction network, creators can have access support beyond traditional platforms and leverage the power community supporters. supporters can provide the creator with various services such marketing, translation, and sponsorship. the alignment incentives via token economic structures opens new realms for collaboration between creators and community supporters. this also provides opportunity growth many creators who were not able have chance supported publish their content. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. problem artists, the victim monopolized extractive digital platform. the digital content industry faces deep problem diminishing innovation and creativity young talents are not given enough spaces grow, distribute, translate, and showcase their works the wider global community. furthermore, the high platform fees reduce the income these creators and their production sustainability. platform, securing many pieces work possible low price major success strategy. this the result the content industry's feature, which has burden high risk/ high return. because the production cost required produce one piece work for individual creator smaller than that movie drama, the platform normally takes strategy increasing the number digital content raise the probability success. since the market has been reorganized driven small number large platforms, displaced creators have begun provide low-cost, free-of-charge digital content just featured these large platforms platform. the creators' side, being chosen the large major platforms has huge impact the success their work. however, the platforms become stronger, lot conflicts have emerged between the platforms and the creators. recently, many platforms and creators are having disputes over sales settlement issues, copyright issues, and contractual problems due early termination, and these disputes have led complaints between the creators associations representing them demand for greater fairness from the platforms. weakened creator's power creators not having sufficient negotiating power demand for lower fees for their creation. pricing model digital content are entirely based off central monopolies. promising and budding creators face high barriers entry terms cost and sustainability. facing settlement process slow and inefficient, creator cannot earn consistent income. facing production cost issues for their work that leaves them discontinue their work. extractive monopolies digital content publishers platforms have almost absolute control over creators' success the digital content industry. monopolization over resources and access crowds out budding creators. the digital content industry faces deep problem limited innovation and creativity young talents are not given the space grow and showcase their work the wider global community. due increased production costs, competitive and aggressive marketing strategies secure high quantities digital content, the competition structure has been changing rapidly. are seeing the digital content industry being driven large internet companies with huge capital strength and traffic. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. missing community the largest untapped resource today the power the community. community fans and loyal supporters form integral part creator success the industry. gap between the community and the creator mired layers communication barriers and funding barriers. most the tasks related the success work, ranging from the selection work, arrangement manuscript fees, selection promotional items, settlement, sublicense business, overseas advancement, are entirely handled the platforms. the creators' view, under the current industry structure where all the tasks other than the creation work are done the platform, difficult for the creators, the core the content industry, ensure the transparency the whole process. the creators should able showcase their creations consumers without the entry barriers, with full rights their own creations. the creators should able work fair and transparent manner free environment, eliminating other stakeholders' intervention much possible during this process. diverse and creative work will created only such ecosystem. new distribution structure should created, not centering the platforms which are monopolized but the creators who the core value content. lack transparency the lack transparency and central database that organizes information about digital content that have created substantial problems when trying determine the right owner order arrange subsequent use such objects. information about copyright owners are scattered various databases publishers, record companies, collecting societies, and other entities, which not have incentives share it. sometimes simply unavailable its receipt prohibitively costly both from timing and financial perspective. all these create substantial transaction costs for users such digital content, who sometimes have even refrain from using certain copyrighted work due its unclear legal status. lack transparency and publicity available conveniently presented information about copyright ownership also impact authors and other right owners, who not receive remuneration for usage their works have share such remuneration with intermediaries, such collective societies, which retain substantial part such remuneration. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. piracy and infringement right owners cannot effectively control usage their works the internet. digital copies copyrighted works have the unique attributes loss, less replication and near-zero transmission costs. digital copies are perfect replicas, each seed for further perfect copies. there are more natural barriers infringement, such the expense reproduction and the decreasing quality successive generations copies analog media. today, anyone can easily undertake the kind and extent copying that would have required significant investment and perhaps criminal intent only few years ago. there also technological limit the number people who can access such digital works simultaneously, from literally anywhere the planet where there internet connection. besides, modern internet technologies enable sending information products worldwide, cheaply and almost instantaneously. consequence, easier and less expensive for individuals pirates make and distribute unauthorized copies. sharing the work the internet means losing control over it. copyright belongs individual, probably will not know about the infringement. moreover, did know about it, very burdensome take effective legal action about it. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. our solution the entire concept completely different from the conventional centralized operated rights management system. realizing this new concept, piction network aims pioneer the beginning decentralized blockchain based global content digitization. building the creatororiented content ecosystem the blockchain technology, piction network seeks disruption the centralized business model for digital content currently dominated the extractive intermediaries and 'bring the power back' the creators. the digital world undergoing revolution and want you join us. the primary goal piction network the tackle the imbalance between creators, consumers, distributors, and all other participants. the largest untapped resource today the power the community. community supporters will form integral part creator's success the industry. they also form crucial role helping fund, distribute, and translate creator's work bigger markets. blockchain can help reduce the gap between the community and the creator. doing so, return power back the creator and empower the community. the authentic value digital creations the content itself, not platforms, and therefore, the creators must have the full rights and controls over their creations. disrupting the existing structure whereby work cannot presented without going through platforms, and creating ecosystem which the creators and community directly participate, the breadth content can more diversified and the consumers can also access variety creative content. decentralized digital content ecosystem helps creators produce and consume great range content returns full ownership creators and grants creators freedom decide monetization model and ownership rights allow creators choose how distribute benefits among various stakeholders who have helped the production and distribution the content. disintermediate intermediaries the digital content value chain and allow creators earn more from their work and effort. hasten the payment settlement process that creators have consistent income. there are millions professionals creating digital content around the world, and many more consumers. however, the content distribution system generally controlled few major centralized agencies. for creators, means giving large part their revenues, and most their rights and control over content distribution giants. our solution this issue create distributed peer-to-peer marketplace the blockchain network. this ecosystem utilizes the blockchain and develops specific smart contracts, which enables direct trading between content creators and consumers based new licensing system. piction network v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. from the beginning time, content has been connecting two important groups people: the creators and the people who love their work. but over time, that relationship has been distorted and monopolized. today, access our cultural content centralized way using servers operated centralized enterprises. this system concentrates financial and cultural power into the hands few, aided the vast ecosystem intermediaries, consisting distributors and promoters, lawyers and administrators. believe that can change this. piction network gets rid the middleman. longer will content demonetized pirated. connecting creators directly consumers and reinventing digital rights management decentralised way with blockchain technology are focusing what matters: getting better deal for the people who matter. building new, self-sustaining culture economy, will breath the life into new way exchanging cultural assets. the same time, piction network innovation brings back our roots time when there were just the creators their community and little else between. through blockchain technology, piction network allows its creators and consumers trade directly without going through centralized platform. this reduces platform fees and gives creators the opportunity earn more revenue. blockchain also enables the creators transparently raise funds cover their production costs continue their creative activities. the benefits from the creative activities become entirely attributable the creators, and they can also decide wholly how distribute the benefits various stakeholders who have helped translation, marketing and further distribution. creator platform user creator platform user piction network, small amount content transaction fee will returned the ecosystem and incentivise the consumer who support the creator with pxl getting payback from this creator support pool once month commensurate with the individual payment amount. the reward paid not just simple compensation, but expected lead virtuous circle structure, being used continuously support the creative activities the work discover other content. result, will help more creators produce greater range content. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. support community community support budding artist creators require stable production cost eliminate the economic uncertainty the production their work. piction network, community members are able safely support promising budding creators digital content created individual creator can produced with relatively low production cost. does not cost much build infrastructures necessary for creative work. however, labor-intensive activity, which requires investing considerable time order perform regular work activities. most creators should spend their time not raise the fund but produce the content. other word, the creators need stable income for production cost eliminate the economic uncertainty the production the work. far, the traditional industry, centralized platforms have covered the costs the form minimum guarantee manuscript fees advertisement revenue share. however, piction network, the opportunity open anybody the ecosystem without restriction. piction network ecosystem, the creators post the synopsis and plans their own content. community supporters who are interested their work can support creator production giving pxl tokens. supporters and the creators both agree the revenue distribution model before the funds are deposited. consumer purchases content, the revenue according the rate agreed with smart contract will distributed the supporters automatically. the creators can funded according the desired conditions the community and creators rather than the centralized platform. such conditions include the amount the revenue share that will provided supporters benefit return fund distribution model (monthly payment, weekly payment milestone-based). community supporters also manage content publications. community supporters serve the role program director, similar conventional content businesses consistently manage the content production. the content under management does not comply the plan publicize inappropriate content, the supporter may delay the payment production sponsor under agreement. community supporters will hold voting power proportionally the amount they sponsored the content. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. greater ancillary support for artists through token economy incentives, piction network will help creators leverage the power the community. when supporters creator help marketing, translation, and outreach beyond piction network overseas markets and when these efforts convert into sales for the creator these supporters would rewarded pxl tokens. crowd sourced translator end user creatorcentered ecosystem community supporter content provider content distributor decentralized ecosystem where every creator can conveniently and freely disclose and sell their creations will the foundation for more free and diverse content generate tremendous value. moreover, the community can contribute maintaining the platform ecosystem evaluating and inspecting the work various ways. the community can carry out the activities listed below. the community can participate content inspection "policy" activities prevent harmful side effects decentralized content platforms and keep the ecosystem healthy and free from harmful content. individuals who inspect content are referred reporters, who report piction network council when they find issues with content such plagiarism, and vulgarity. anyone the community can reporter. consumers can also take marketing role help expand the market reach creator's work. consumers who like the content can recommend the work directly inside and outside piction network, and when the recommendation leads sales, they will receive benefits the revenue distribution rate set the creators. creators not only can create the publicity effect their content through the consumers who recognize and like their work, but also determine the rate sharing the revenue, and the creators can directly design more flexible promotional plan. when revenue sharing favorable, social influencers with great influence online and have market-reach abroad, will have incentives help distribute their favorite content viral manner. help creator expand the market further, community members who can translate can participate translation. anyone can translate content and receive certain rate revenue that content. translators are incentivized improve the quality translation increase the sales translated content. they can also prove the credibility their work consumers and content providers revealing their work history. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. greater chance participate for consumers the meantime, the content market, consumers have been granted only passive authority, even though they play the most important role consumers. result, consumers were naturally excluded from the value generated the creation the content market and the resulting revenue from the content market. recent years, channels have been created collect consumer needs and feedback during the pre-production stage the production and the series, but still too limited represent consumers' rights determine final demand. the upcoming digital content market, look forward more active and proactive consumer rights and roles participate creation, distribution, and final consumption. piction network believes that consumers will able share the utility and value content market directly indirectly through ecosystem participation. our ultimate goal make consumers value the content they actively sponsor and participate in. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. transparent information about copyright ownership creators benefit from transparent copyright ownership creators benefit from entirely new levels transparency and retain large parts the control over their content. the lack transparency and central database that organizes information regarding music, photos,, and other copyrightable digital content have long been causing substantial problems when people try determine the right owner arrange the subsequent use such objects. piction network will solve this issue, blockchain may substantially increases the visibility and availability the information regarding copyright ownership.. other words, piction network's blockchain-based marketplace allows creators benefit the most distributing their content directly. removing costly intermediaries, aim foster the creators' creativity and ensure that creators are compensated fairly for their original work. such information can provided means so-called trusted timestamping. thus, blockchain can very useful for defining the presumption authorship and resolving disputes priority this sphere. this potential blockchain the sphere already recognized specialized literature. besides, the register based blockchain, its copies are available for all users: therefore the recordings relating copyright ownership will not suddenly disappear with the company maintaining the database. immutability blockchain ensures that the content the database will not tampered with otherwise compromised. increases the trustworthiness recordings from blockchain and potentially this can used evidence court case copyright dispute, although judges will have pass period acclimatization for such kinds evidence, like for any new types evidence based technical innovation. worth noting that services offering least some the functionalities described above and based blockchain technology are already becoming reality. also, the main feature that creators permit license directly consumers. piction network signs digital distribution contract with creators, which includes price range for licensing the content, the license issued users, and the distribution fee will paid the ecosystem. once digitally signed, the contract and its terms are immutable and can only changed with the consent all parties. all licenses are registered and kept the blockchain. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. digital content copyright management entire set development tools needed build content-based ecosystem blockchain allows individualize each digital copy copyrighted work. piction network will revolutionize the digital content industry and fundamentally solve the issues data ownership and access control through the combination blockchain infrastructure and technology. piction network will securely initiate, store, and manage user identities and data access permissions. copyright management payment digital marketplace rights author unique licence consumer transaction record transaction registry intellectual property registration and licensing help users secure their copyrights creators will able register their digital content our blockchain. this will help users secure their copyrights and makes easy for track both the licensed and the unlicensed use the digital content. the registry process and the identity blockchain will contain encryption layer that protects the identity our creators. will also handle the registration digital content copyrights, since every digital content will need linked the account that belongs to. also, piction network blockchain technology will enable buyers license digital content through the use smart contracts. this will automate the process licensing and greatly reduce administrative costs for all the parties involved. the blockchain will keep track all smart contracts and the licensing agreements included within them. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. how works decentralized ecosystem sustain itself through works aligned incentive, competition, and governance encourage good behavior and maximize value from each stakeholder. content provider digital content market content distributor works aligned incentive, governance. digital content market user, supporter participants piction network ecosystem are classified content providers, consumers, community supporters (such reporters, marketers, translators), and content distributors. each stakeholder has the following objectives and get rewarded for each role they participate in. content providers, consumers, and community supporters are the main participants piction network ecosystem, producing and consuming digital content using pxl tokens, while creating the value piction network ecosystem. the roles content providers, consumers, and supporters are classified based their functions. possible for individual hold multiple roles and possible act supporter consumer well content provider and supporter the same time. content distributors lay the infrastructure for key participants act the ecosystem using the apis and sdks provided piction network. they develop the user interface necessary for consumer view and purchase the content. the user interface may include modules other than tools necessary for viewing the content, such system for sponsorship, reporting process, and token wallet. piction network council governs the ecosystem facilitate growth and fair competition between the stakeholders piction network ecosystem. the initial council consists the developing team piction network. but time goes by, there will members from each group stakeholders. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. community stakeholders content provider refers individual agency participants who produce and create digital content make benefits, called creators. they create digital content and upload the piction network ecosystem receive benefits from sales. they can pitch their ideas raise funds for the production cost for their work, and rewarded with pxl for the content that they sell. they are obliged generate valuable content get the attention consumers and investors. consumer refers individuals who consume the produced digital content, participate individual reader, and purchase the creators' content with pxl fiat. community supporter they help the creators perform stable work activities the production stage the work. community supporters are stakeholders that sponsors content providers' production cost. they act microinvestors donors rather than simple consumers contributing the value the content through activities, such the curation and value measurement the content. they can also marketers, reporters, translators depending their preferred type contribution content creators. all supporters will incentivized via token economic incentives participate with good behavior and adhere their responsibilities. content distributor refers provider that deals with the archiving, transmission digital content, and fiat transactions. while piction network will provide sdk (software development kit) that contains the back-end codes for the sponsorship, reporting, marketing, crowdsourced translation, and payments systems, content distributors would still required develop the front-nd (user interface) necessary for consumers. the content distributors are largely classified into content hosting companies and fiat payment service agencies, which are responsible for content archiving and transmission. battle entertainment will participating the first core content distributor piction network ecosystem and more content distributors will join ecosystem partnership expands. reporter reporters are stakeholders that controls the quality content reporting issues including plagiarism and vulgarity. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. marketer marketers are stakeholders that advertise digital content outside piction network ecosystem and receive part revenue from the sales the content. crowdsourced translator crowdsourced translators are stakeholders that translate content created one language into different language. piction network council piction network council stakeholder that facilitates fair competition adjudicator piction network. within the council, there governance committee which determines important governance issues within the ecosystem, like decision important parameters ecosystem, internal judgement, intellectual property right and legal mesure, qualification content distributors. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. token economy introduction piction network's token set out foster healthy and trustworthy digital content industry ecosystem. pioneer creating new value for the digital content industry applying blockchain technology, piction network enables all participants exchange reasonable values based credibility through the token economy. this part, describe the functions, features, and roles the token that constitute the economy piction network. pxl/pic/ele token pxl pic content provider ting rke tion tici par ntr ibu tion par tici pat nefi ing user /support payment creation content distributor ele pixel token (referred "pxl") utility pxl pxl (pixel) utility token native piction network and serves various utility functions below: pxl means exchange basically, pxls are used means exchanging utility values paying for services within piction network. participants piction network will use pxl make payments they want play and enjoy the ecosystem. also, you participate the ecosystem and provide your own resources services, you will rewarded pxl. addition, participants can freely transfer and trade pxl the exchange market. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. pxl means staking pxl tokens are used means staking gain access features the network. key stakeholders are required stake designated amount pxl for certain period order receive benefit. for instance, content distributors are required stake designated amount pxl the network able gain benefits content distributorship. creators are required stake designated amount pxl the network order expose their content content distributors platform displayed. reporters are required stake designated amount pxl the network for period time order make report. flow pxl token [figure shown below depicts how pxl flows within piction network's economic system. the role each stakeholder and their interactions will explained with more detail under ""detailed role and incentive system" chapter. picture token (referred "pic") utility pic token pic token that supporters utilize sponsor creators, and represents "sponsor certificate" given community sponsors participants. piction network, decentralized content ecosystem, which aims give talented, but unknown creators the opportunities voluntarily perform their capabilities. creators need support sustain their creative work. piction network, active supporters provide sponsorship for creators continue their work and grow more. when the creators upload their works, the supporters decide sponsor particular piece the art and they will sponsor the works the creators with pxl tokens. subsequently, supporters receive pic token certificate sponsorship. supporters can exchange the sponsorship certificate for pxl sponsorship terminated required. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. pic token features pic token, sponsorship certificate, impossible traded the exchange market. sponsorship issued exclusively through the piction network connector. the connector designed operate automatically based smart contract. supporters with sponsor certificate, pic, will given incentives for their activities the ecosystem. element token (referred "ele") utility ele token ele token issued activate ecosystem along with partners. ele token encourages many users join piction network ecosystem. the initial stage, when users pay for contents piction network ecosystem partner channel, users receive the ele token compensation for the payment action. you receive ele token and collect more than certain amount, you can request exchange pxl piction network. switching from pxl ele not possible. ele token does not represent currency, but incentive. features ele token ele tokens can exchanged for pxl. however, the total amount pxl allocated ele token holder per period fixed, but the total amount can changed, subject the decision the committee. thus, there high demand exchange ele token with pxl token, the percentage pxl token that can received per ele token lower. takes hours exchange ele with pxl. for example, million pxl are allocated per day, the number people who apply for exchange any given day divided one million. ele token not listed exchange market. users who receive ele from ecosystem partners, such afreeca tv, dungeon and fighter, should come piction network. then, within piction network, ele can exchanged for pxl. this way, users are encouraged come piction network and use pxl. when ele token holders from piction network's partners visit piction network, piction network will able give more benefits the participating activities such purchasing content and activating the community. ele token will continue issued until token foundation stops the payment, due exhaustion the user adoption pool other reasons. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. flow pic/ele token v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. detailed role and incentive system consumer the role consumer consumers participate piction network and consume the content offered content distributors purchasing it. initial onboarding strategy, piction network will offer both fiat currency and pxl payment methods for consumers that are not crypto-saavy. piction network ecosystem, the role consumers not limited consumers, but they can also serve multiple roles community supporters, marketers, reporters within the ecosystem. reward for consumer (user adoption system) for the growth piction network, very important attract content creators well consumers who will use pxl the initial stage. therefore, piction network constitutes user adoption pool for the initial user popularization. the user adoption pool designed replace pxl with ele tokens that are provided benefits when they make payments through partner platforms using piction network. this essential for the activation piction network partner channel. the resources the user adoption pool first, million pxl the total issued token) will distributed the user adoption pool under the name 'ecosystem user bounty'. this initially assigned user adoption pool will used replace the ele with pxl after piction network launched. secondly, the user adoption pool also will generated from the content sales revenue. also, the user adoption pool can procured from the ecosystem reserve the commission's decision. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. content providers role content provider create content content providers create and provide content for consumers within piction network ecosystem. content providers can individual creators content agencies managing multiple individual creators. content providers have the power decide the terms and conditions the sponsorships, such the benefit distribution share from the total sales amount. they can also raise funds produce content piction network. initial deposit all content providers deposit certain amount pxl deposit pool initial deposit when they are listing their content piction network. this initial deposit incentivises content providers ensure that their content follows set rules and standards. should the content found break any rules, reporters will able flag the content. the content confirmed breaking the rules, portion the initial deposit will deducted and given reporters. the specific number deposit determined piction network council. there report before the end the content sales, content providers will refunded the initial deposit. reward for content provider content providers piction network receive maximum the benefit generated from the content sales, which above the average payout the traditional platform dominated extractive monopolies the digital content industry. settlement methods for creators the content provider piction network supports two types settlement methods for the revenue generated for the creator's content. the content provider the fiction network supports two types settlement methods for the revenue generated for the creator's content. first, the creator settled the fiat currency equivalent the settlement rate received from the existing platform, and the rest settled pxl. the exchange fee generated the conversion cryptocurrency fiat currency paid the creator himself. second, there way for the creator pay the full amount the content sales amount pxl. the case the second settlement method, the creator paid additional the content sales amount. fiat currency pxl the creator entitled the amount settled fiat currency, and the rest settled pxl. the service provider pays the creator the amount deducted from the fees incurred paying the exchange fee generated the conversion cryptocurrency fiat currency. pxl settlement when creators settle only with pxl, they contributed stabilizing the pxl value piction network reducing the flow pxl circulation. kickstart piction network ecosystem the short term, content providers who choose receive all payments pxl tokens will receive additional pxl tokens from the total revenue determined piction network council. these pxl token will come from piction network growth fund. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. supporters community pool and dbc role supporters (supporting system for creators) supporters play the most important role piction network. for the purpose providing benefit community sponsors, piction network designs the creator supporter pool. the resources for the creator support pool consist the following: first, all paid content sales amount piction network will accumulated the creator supporter pool. through this, the growth the network, the growth paid content sales amount, and the growth creator influx will become virtuous cycle.s second, tokens allocated the ecosystem reserve the time the initial issuance tokens are periodically accumulated the creator support pool. the early days, when the paid content sales were low, pxl was supported solve the chicken and egg problem. however, since the resources are not infinite, this support set decrease the network continues grow. the amount supported pxl will determined the foundation, after the release the mainnet, considering the economic conditions the network. methods for creators support pool distribution the rewards accumulated the creator support pool are distributed the popularity index (p-index) the sponsored work. the p-index unique algorithm piction network that measures the popularity specific content. the number views, the number comments, and other factors are considered here. popularity index (pi) (reviews, likes, subscribers, referral link, payment amount, etc.) supporters who have pici for particular work will rewarded the creator support pool. the reward cycle lasts one week. the level compensation determined the relative size the p-index particular work the overall p-index. assuming that one supporter sponsoring several works, the specific compensation level can expressed using the following formula. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. a...h compensation for supporters works ... pli the popularity index work percentage pici tokens supporters total issuance pici tokens amount collected creators support pool how distribute sponsored pxl supporter sponsored pxls are tied connectors, and this pxl grant distributed authors once week. for example, the total recruitment pxl supposed paid once week for creative grants, the pxl deposited the connector will continue sent the author's wallet address increments. the artist can cash this pxl and use subsidy for his creative activities. writers should informed about how much donations they will recruit, how much they will given per week, and how much the money will left the end. (you can find out more the full recruitment process through dbc.) creating and distributing sponsorship (discounting bonding connector) the arrangement the ecosystem where users can support content providers through transfers pxl and receiving pic tokens exchange, receiving pic token amount coming from the transaction fee and reserve from piction network ecosystem, not from the content revenue. people who want become supporters can receive pic posting pxl the connector the work that they want sponsor. this time, the initial exchange ratio pxl and pic depends the artist. the issue volume pic fixed the number pics fixed, because they can divided into decimal points. until copies are issued, supporters receive pic the first exchange rate set the artist. the donation amount (pxl standard) not collected during the period set the artist, the donation subscription will canceled and the sponsor will returned the pxls that they contributed. transfer donation sponsorship (pic) can sold for money. this end, the recipients the pic must disclose the amount sponsorship they wish sell the moment payment. the amount for sale can changed any time the holder requests change. however, someone indicates that they are willing buy the amount the sale that they declare, the sponsor (pic) holders will have sell without choice. therefore, there are people who still wish receive sponsorships after all initial donations have been issued, they can make purchases the price set existing pic holders. the second buyer must always disclose the amount for sale. pxl payment for creative support the amount prescribed for the sponsorship will deducted according the rate set the artist and paid the artist the form contribution. since the amount constantly deducted, this mechanism called the discounting bonding connector. liquidation sponsorship even you not sell the sponsorship someone else, the pic holders can send pic the connector get back the remaining pxl per pic any time. this called the liquidation sponsorship. the price the sponsorship (pic) does not fall below the remaining pxl pic exchange rate after the sponsor has paid the sponsorship. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. full recruitment process through dbc this chapter explains how the aforementioned dbc rules work real life situations. step step step step sponsorship preparation advance sponsorship starting publication work ending publication work steps prepare for sponsorship the preparation phase for sponsorship, the artist establishes conditions under which she will receive the sponsorship. this stage, the artist sets the following elements.. informing the sponsors about his work and its serialization plan. the artist discloses information about the work increase the likelihood successful sponsorship. the author freely discloses information about the works for which wants receive sponsorship, such plot, demo, and prologue. there mandatory amount format for the disclosure information. however, supporters are unlikely sponsor authors who not act faithfully, which means there incentive for authors present the information the most persuasive sense. setting the amount sponsorship (based pxl) and the sponsorship period. sponsor size refers the total amount sponsorships you want receive, and the sponsorship period refers the maximum period the sponsorship. the pxl not sponsored the artist for set period time, the sponsorship will automatically canceled and all pxls backing the content will returned their owners. determining the percentage contributions (tap) paid each week. the percentage pxl that will paid the author from the collected donations will determined every week. order reduce the cognitive costs artists, the foundation offers several options, including and .%. the contribution per share (tap) refers the decrease the initial exchange rate over the same time period. let's say you were able change pic and pxl ratio the beginning the connector. however, once the writer paid the pxl deposited every week, the exchange rate will drop and thus, the supporter wants settle the pic the connector the original exchange rate, the amount pxl that can returned reduced. for example, situation where liquidation sponsorship occurs, the amount sponsorship paid the artist reduced therefore, supporters will not want receive sponsorship their sponsorship too high, and the writer will set appropriate donation ratios considering the future expected returns supporters. determining the size the final donation after all the tap has been paid. the artist sets deposit for the security the pic even after all taps have been paid. reduce the artist's cognitive costs, the foundation offers several options, including and this the element that the artist directly sets for issuing the sponsorship (pic). the number donations and the donation payment period set one week. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. sponsorship stage supporters place the pxl the connector and receive the sponsorship (pic) the declared exchange rate. support with pic mandatory for the sales amount. the sponsorship will continue until all pics have been issued. the amount pxl deposited the supporters within the set time does not reach the amount pxl set the author, the pxl will automatically returned the supporters and the sponsorship will invalidated. progression stage the sponsor pxl recruited the artist succeeds, (i.e. certificates are issued), the grant money will start being paid out, and the writer will begin work the series. another supporter wishes purchase pic, the connector will transfer the ownership the pic (pic) based the lowest selling price presented the sponsor holder. case you not want sell the sponsor's certificate for high evaluation the future prospects the work, you want set the amount for sale higher than the current lowest price, you evaluate the prospect the work poorly and want cash the sponsor's certificate again, automatically set lower than the present lowest price. even not listed the exchange, the balance price the pic formed naturally, according the market principles. situations where supporter wants purchase new sponsor (pic), i.e. there demand for sponsorships, the sponsor (pic) can returned the pxl the rate suggested the connector. this called liquidation. since liquidation exists, the equilibrium price does not fall below the liquidation ratio. when the liquidation takes place, the total issue volume pic reduced less than the number pics falls below supporters who want purchase pics may eligible receive pixls and pics using the current clearing rate. end stage the series ends and the remaining life the content decreases, the level expected compensation from the sponsorship (pic) will decrease. supporters who anticipate reduction the level compensation due the termination the series may sell the sponsorship other supporters settle the exchange rate provided connector the absence any further buyers. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. marketer role marketer marketers are stakeholders who voluntarily advertise content outside piction network ecosystem and introduce new users sign-up and make payment for the content. there specific requirement order become marketer. reward for marketer content providers who wish advertise their content may offer revenue distribution rate marketers from marketers decide whether the offered distribution rate fair and can choose advertise the content. the performance marketers automatically accounted within the system and the performance share will sent the account address designated the marketer. the amount reward the marketer proportionate the amount that the new consumers' payments the channels provided marketer. the reward will allocated from the marketing budget designated the content provider. for instance, let's assume the content provider chooses distribute the revenue marketing fund. out newly invited users from various marketers, users from marketer a's efforts made payment, marketer will receive the revenue. marketers will receive their reward once month. there has been marketing performance during month, the marketing budget will returned the content provider. reward the new consumer the new consumers who sign-up piction network through the url provided the marketer will have access the content once for free when they make their first payment. addition, content distributors can offer various benefits new payment consumers their own discretion such further discounts. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. reporter role reporter reporters report piction network council when they discover issues with the content such plagiarism, and vulgarity. every participant the network can become reporter. reporting process before reporting the issues content, the reporter should select one the violations suggesting the interface. (ex. plagiarism, vulgarity, etc) reporters should also turn the evidence and basis for their report. necessary, the reporter can submit image files evidence. submitted files will judged chronological order valid, invalid, insufficient evidence. registering reporter prevent baseless reporting, reporters must stake certain amount pxl. staked pxl will remain locked for month. the amount pxl tokens staked for registration will begin the total pxl transaction volume piction network ecosystem during the previous month. the staking fee will vary monthly depending the previous month's transaction volume and the council's decision. rebalancing the registration fee the council must take into account the following criteria for the monthly rebalancing the reporter staking fee: the monthly staking fee must lesser than the potential benefits that can earned the reporter. the staking fee must sufficient dis-incentivise malicious reporters from falsely reporting legitimate content. reward for reporters the reporting determined valid, the reporter receives reporting bounty from the reporters' bounty set aside the content provider. reporter can get revenue distribution rate(%~%) from contents provider. the end the month, the full amount the staked pxl tokens will unlocked assuming that the reporter has not performed any malicious activity. the contrary, the reporting determined invalid, the reporter loses portion their staked deposit decided the council. the reporting determined consistently submit multiple reports with insufficient evidence despite warnings within the month, the reporter will disqualified for the month and have portion the staked pxl tokens deducted the council. all deducted token will transferred the ecosystem growth fund. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. content distributor role content distributor develop user interface while piction network will provide sdk (software development kit) that contains the back-end codes for the sponsorship, reporting, marketing, crowdsourced translation, and payments systems, content distributors will still required develop the frontend (user interface) necessary for consumers. the content distributors are largely classified into content hosting companies and fiat payment service agencies, which are responsible for content archiving and transmission. payments gateway initial onboarding strategy, piction network will offer both fiat currency and pxl payment method for consumers that are not crypto-saavy. for this reason, the content distributor will operate gateway external exchanges ensure the liquidity between pxl and fiat. the amount paid fiat will exchanged into pxl. since the inflow and outflow fiat currency will not recorded blockchain, the content distributor should separately publicize them piction network. failure disclose forgery this information may deprive the content distributor his rights, determined piction network council. publicize curated content there promising digital content piction network, content distributors may choose expose them featuring them their own platform. any purchases done the underlying users the native platform will done via pxl tokens and fiat. reward for content distributor platform usage fee because content distributors can help further publicize content provider's content, content distributors take about out the total revenue. for popular content, content distributor may reduce the fee rate. or, the content distributor has negotiation power because their platform's large user base, the content distributor may raise the fee rate and earn additional revenue from it. requirements content distributors decision piction network council the council will assess the validity content distributors based the platform's user interface, payments gateway system (after integrating piction network's sdk) and user base size. pxl deposit rights content distributor depends the following conditions: content distributor has stake portion pxl tokens. the minimum stake would determined the council. content distribution rights and exposure period will depend the amount pxl tokens staked. after the exposure their native platform over, the content provider receives amount the stakeover days. the number determined the council. fiat transactions case fiat transaction, all content distributors piction network must comply with the council's decision the frequency disclosure sales and data regarding each content. this enables ecosystem where content revenue settlement conducted transparent manner. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. crowdsourced translator role crowdsourced translator crowdsourced translators translate content created one language another language and share piction network. piction network's ecosystem, anyone can translate content and receive certain rate profit according the agreement between the translator and the content provider. crowdsourced translators can take the role marketer helping distribute the translated content. doing so, they can negotiate for better revenue sharing arrangement with the content provider. however, translators also need deposit reporters' bounty that reporters can report any wrongly translated content. crowdsourced translators are incentivized improve the quality translation increase the sales translated content. they also can enhance the credibility their work consumers and content providers revealing their work history. reward for crowdsourced translator content provider can collaborate with translators clarifying the rate revenue translator will gain the content sold after translation. translators translate content and gain revenue accordance with the proposed rate the content provider from ~%. content provider does not specify the rate revenue, translators gain minimum percent fee the revenue for the translated content. the minimum rate can altered piction network council. request stop the translation content providers can check the list translated content. provider wants stop translators from translating additional content, can ask the council suspend the translation sending reason for the suspension. the council decides whether the translation for the requested content should suspended not. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. piction network council role piction network council piction network council the adjudicator the ecosystem who facilitates the ecosystem growth, fair play and competition among the stakeholders piction network. within the council, there governance committee which determines the important governance issues within piction network. decision important parameters within piction network the council determines the minimum pxl deposit required content distributor, the maximum number insufficient evidence reporting allowed, the minimum deposit required for publication, the gravity punishment for invalid malicious reporting, and other important issues regarding piction network. internal judgement the council decides valid/invalid/insufficient evidence for the reported content. they also determine whether the translation content should suspended not. intellectual property right management and legal measures the council takes legal measures when the content are exploited outside piction network without permission. council also takes other legal measures regarding the intellectual property rights piction network. develop sdk for content distributors. council develops sdk for content distributors who intend build modules within the network. qualification content distributors. piction network council verifies which content distributors are eligible provide the service. reward for piction council council does not directly receive revenue from the revenue the content. however, they own pxl token that they have the incentive increase the value pxl through growing the ecosystem. decentralization piction network council the initial piction network council members consist the developer team piction network. the time goes by, there will seven members from content distributors and seven members from content providers with the most token will become the member the council. for example: there will members from the content distributors group. there will members from the content providers group. there will members who are the top sponsors content providers. there will total number members, seven members from content providers who have generated the most revenue the ecosystem will become members the council. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. ecosystem pool the ecosystem pool composed total content sales. for ecosystem settle, the actual operation piction network and the implementation costs are essential. the ecosystem pool will used primarily operating expense for running piction network. proper price formation pxl also important for stable ecosystem. therefore, necessary, incineration pxl also possible within the scope the ecosystem pool. the ecosystem pool can recruited ecosystem reserve the committee's decision, necessary. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. secondary creation market through pool consumer one the prominent characteristics the digital content market the organic relationship with the creator and the reader. readers simply not just consume digital content onetime basis, but they constantly leave feedback creator's work with comments tweets. readers simply not just consume digital content one-time basis, but they constantly leave feedback their work with comments tweets. another most remarkable characteristic the second creative activity. for example, the webtoon fan cafe would existed for secondary creative market that will the future. there very active activity for the second creative among the fans. the pool piction network exists for the secondary creative market. the pool responsible for bringing all participants into the token ecosystem the secondary creative work related the digital contents market. the creator support pool the basis for sponsoring and sharing the primary market generated during the digital content production process. the other hand, the pool supports the token economy, which the digital content expanded into second digital creation such movies, games, and novels. resources pool the initial phase, the resources the pool will covered from the ecosystem reserve. once determined that the digital content created piction network ecosystem produced secondary creative, and the contract for the secondary creative concluded, the related price will received the silver pxl.the pool allows the contracted pxl tokens shared with the content creators and supporters. operation pool when pxl imported secondary contract digital content ip, connected the corresponding pxl-pic connector, allowing the creators and supporters enjoy the profit equally. all settlement the pic has already been completed before the second contract ip, the pool concludes the second contract proxy and settles the pxl the rate agreed upon between the author and the pool. this case, the pxl drawn into the pool used the specification the pxl incineration. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. participation scenarios content providers creation renowned author with success production multiple content. however, had issue with the revenue distribution the conventional platform who receives most the revenue. heard about piction network which the authors can receive the revenue from sales and decided publicize the work the ecosystem. made such success from the publication that did not need additional support from the supporters. content distributor was able enjoy the increased traffic exchange for greater revenue for supporting initially received the reward both korean won and pxl. received all the revenue pxl, there could additional certain upside revenue distribution from the ecosystem growth fund. since believed that the value pxl will increase over time, decided receive the entire reward pxl. reporter content provider piction network ecosystem. thinks that his benefit shrinking because the competing content taking the lead. decided report the issues the competing content and raise the revenue from his own content. budgeted pool collaborate with many users and defame the competing content reporting it. the users who collaborated with took necessary steps staking the registration fee and reporting the competing content. the committee council reviewed this illegitimate report and decided that the reporting invalid. because intended cause harm the competing provider falsely reporting the content, will lose his stake. community supporter new author. believes that c's new publication will have great impact the market, but has production cost financing issues financial production costs due the lack financial sustainability. heard about supporters system piction network and decided publish c's work with the financial support from the supporters. made portfolio that depicts c's vision, which includes detailed representation his digital cartoon. order consistently publish the work for once week for the next twenty weeks, assessed that needs usd production fee. offered the entire revenue distributed the supporters and raised usd within month. the sponsorship was not high expected but adjusted the production period weeks instead the initial weeks and launched the project. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. received usd each week and started produce the work once week. after weeks has passed, however, did not publish the work promised and the majority the supporters decided delay the payment. explained the situation supporters and promised diligent producing the work. afterwards, supporters agreed pay their sponsorship again. translation report distribution marketing deposited the sponsored amount reporters' bounty ensure that will not violate any regulation the future. the time finished the publication, there were legal issues including plagiarism and other legal standards. was able receive back all the reporters' bounty. earned the total usd during the weeks production. repay the supporters, will need distribute usd back the initial group supporters. thereafter, the initial group supporters can start receiving percentage the recurring revenue from whatever revenue generated from the digital content. addition that, show gratitude, consistently used the names the supporters the character names within the digital content. marketer personal blogger who works marketer piction network. figured out that the content that was interested allocated budget marketing and decided advertise the content the content overseas markets the content provider's behalf. used url linked the digital content generated piction network and shared with his overseas community fans. the total number new consumers that flowed into the network was and out them, new consumers introduced made payment. there was total revenue pxl incurred for the content. out the pxl, which the revenue, received pxl marketer's reward. new content distributor famous e-commerce company korea which has million user base. they were striving retain more consumers their own platform. they pondered whether they should launch digital comics service, but not easy sustain digital content and support their own group content providers its own. however, they realized that they can content distributor piction network without worrying about how retain their own content providers. after integrating the sdk provided piction network, and developing the payments gateway and other settlement layers, was able pass the requirement the committee because the company was already running e-commerce platform. order become content distributor, needs stake some pxl, decided the council. however, the company decided that was less costly stake pxl than run entirely separate digital comics service. thus, the company decided purchase pxl and stake become content distributor. unlike conventional content distributors, plans offer more revenue sharing the content providers. now that has featured popular digital content their e-commerce platform, they can better retain consumers and earn more revenue their platform without spending upfront cost developing their own group native platform content creators. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. crowdsourced translator translator university student who fluent chinese. while was viewing digital content piction network, thought the content well suited for chinese consumers. incidentally, the content provider proposed revenue for translated content. realized that there was other translated content, but there was not enough attraction drawn the content due their poor translation and the lack proper marketing. started publish higher quality translated content chinese. result, the content attracted many viewers from the chinese market expected and generated the total pxl revenue from translated content. from this, translator received the amount out pxl. from this experience, realized the potential earnings that can made crowdsourced translator piction network and decided continue seek interesting content and work translator gain more revenue. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. technical considerations piction network built the ethereum network basis. centralized system, the rules will maintained only the trust relationship with central entity, and there guarantee that the economy will remain impartial. piction was triggered based the recognition lack trust among participants the digital content industry. the interests the participants the industrial ecosystem should dealt with reliable basis. application wallet sevice api platform platform apis blockchain module database module service module blockchain token account data blockchain network pxl implemented with erc- token issued the ethereum platform. this ecosystem requires transparent and prompt distribution goods between creators, consumers, and supporters. the consumers must able verify that the properties used have been fully paid the content creators, and the creators must able receive the money paid immediately without weekly monthly settlement procedure. addition, the supporters who allow the creators stay creative must also able receive some the benefits generated the creators' content transparently and immediately, depending their contribution the creators prior the publication the content. the implementation contract depends the fulfillment the contractual parties, the reliability the contract may threatened. therefore, agreements must concluded advance via the system without involvement any external contractual party. this can only achieved smart contracts based ethereum. the creators can recruit supporters during the pre-production period their work. according the pre-production conditions, including the revenue sharing ratio when the minimum production cost work sold, ecosystem contracts are constructed and the corresponding smart contracts are distributed the system. the smart contracts are concluded between the creators and the supporters the supporters sending tokens the creators' accounts, and after the release and sale the work begins, the benefits each sale are automatically distributed the contracts. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. network architecture piction network offers sdk and api implement consumer interface for content distributors. any application service built piction network can serve digital content piction ecosystem. provide foundation network piction network's architecture made three layers. core layer refers the piction nework's blockchain layer. uses ethereum and klaytn base protocol, and ecosystem contracts, such purchases and investment, are driven smart contracts the evm environment. the core layer consists the definitions the smart contracts related the distribution and deposit the benefits from the purchases the creations, and the contracts are presented the creators and concluded the participation the community supporters. service layer refers ecosystem contracts where key features, such ecosystem purchases, publication, investment, etc., are implemented. relay proxy layer will implemented service layer make querying and fetching data from blockchain easy. application layer refers dapps used the piction users, consisting ecosystem clients, marketplaces, sdk, api etc. piction network partner's application interact with network through application layer interface blockchain. this layer will unburden partners from interfacing directly blockchain network and will improve for developers. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. content copyright and distributed transmission copyright protection digital content, which mainly takes the form images text, vulnerable piracy and theft. image and text files are easily copied and distributed. therefore, frameworks and technologies protect the copyright creations are desperately required for creators. the blockchain technology that makes virtually impossible forge tamper data, and thus very likely used ownership proof copyright. piction network will keep track all smart contracts and the licensing agreements. furthermore, since all the digital contents are registered the fiction network, the identity recorded, and this linked the smart contract, all the copyright holders and adjacent owners can all recorded and tracked. utilizing the technology blockchain, possible prove each individual's rights and facilitate the protection creator's rights. distributed transmission important safely store and quickly transmit creators' content. piction network delivers content consumers using the centralized server content distributors order overcome the aforementioned limitation. the existing internet network far superior terms data transmission speed, and replacement the blockchain technology short period time difficult. the long term, when the infrastructure ready and more applicable that becomes able replace existing internet networks, piction network will migrate another service layer. one such example the ipfs system where all computing devices will connected the identical file system, and the file data itself will controlled distributed version. this has the same basic characteristics the data structure the blockchain. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. token sales plan total sum and allocation the total sum ,,, pxl token will issued build piction network and sustain piction network ecosystem. the pxl token (,, pxl) will distributed via private, and public sale. total issued tokens will allocated ecosystem partners, which will used for attracting partners for future ecosystem expansion and attracting institutional investors. distribution the following are the distribution the tokens: reserve, ico, marketing/etc airdrop ecosystem growth fund team advisory, ecosystem ecosystem bounty, partner, initial coin offering: ecosystem growth fund: ecosystem bounty: ecosystem partner: team and advisor: airdrop: marketing/etc: reserve: v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. the recruited fund will used following plan: product development, reserve, securing seed content, legal and compliance service operation, marketing pr, product development securing seed content: marketing pr: service operation and maintenance: legal compliance: reserve: picton network's initial stage, securing content and creator key the success the project. reserve fund will used secure more content and make that content expand overseas markets. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. roadmap biz tech poc(proof concept) test release ico, listing alpha version release airdrop, ecosytem partnership, phase(cartoon/novel), korea&china beta version release version release user expansion, phase (game ip), japan other asia phase (movie), us/eu phase (music), latin america other area biz part the first quarter piction network will proceed ico and conduct listing the exchange. the listing will conducted the several renowned korean and overseas exchange markets. also, will secure seed users through airdrop activities. also, are planning enter into partnership with global major game companies. intend expand our ecosystem partnership, which has own unique market scope each area and large number users. intend aggressively engage large number users who will participate creators, funding, marketing, and translation order ensure that piction network operates successfully and successfully. geographically, piction network begins from korea and china. also, based content category, starts the field webtoon /web novel. plan concentrate production secondary creative based game ip. also proven through the experience and history battle comics, which has accumulated million users korea. aim expand into other regions such japan, southeast asia. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. ecosystem expansion phase, plan expand the digital content market such short clip movies. video the largest market for the type content that piction network planning, where fairly advanced plans are developed every day. physical region expansion will focused the united stated and the eu. target expanding the music market, which the most popular and beloved content. physical regional expansion will focus other underdeveloped areas such latin america and africa. after the world becomes the service area piction network. tech part poc(proof concept) test release the poc piction network launched. core layer piction network, including transactions, reliability supporter smart contracts, and prevention attacks will tested and verified evaluate the credibility the ecosystem. the simplest form the marketplace, where direct content transactions are available, will also tested. alpha version release will secure content that will the seeds the ecosystem and conduct trial sales the content. supporter and influencer smart contracts will released. will facilitate support content based the seed content. beta version release piction network beta version will released mainnet. base protocol will determined, and sdk and api also will announced. version release piction network will launch the full version that enables the entire content creation process, from content registration and supporter recruitment sales. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. team piction network led battle entertainment. the team has run digital content business successfully asian for years. battle entertainment trusted leading enterprises korea such smilegate, industrial bank korea and well-known vcs. the lump-sum funding amount million usd. have total people the team both korean and chinese, the team. each member have specializes the digital content industry, such content producers, translators, developers. we've run business successfully for years both korea and china. have experiences with digital content business not just platform, but also content creation and distribution korea and china. the battle entertainment will the first digital content distributor and content provider applied piction network. the content distributors side, existing users battle comics will the first community member piction network with simple agreement terms. battle entertainment team who runs battle comics will make this centralized digital comics platform into decentralized ecosystem with piction network partner. the content provider side, battle entertainment's own contents and agencies' one will published piction network will the first content provider. v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. legal disclaimer please read this entire section carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, please consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). legal statement (a) this whitepaper ("whitepaper"), its current form, circulated for general information purposes only relation the platform and applications described the whitepaper ("platform", "piction" "piction network") presently conceived and subject review and revision. please note that this whitepaper work progress and the information this whitepaper current only the date the cover hereof. thereafter, the information, including information concerning [piction] [please insert full name the company that will run the platform] ("piction pte. ltd. the "company") business operations and financial condition may have changed. reserve the right change, modify, add delete parts this whitepaper website without notice for any reason any time. (b) person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase the tokens native the platform "pxl" "token") (as defined below) and payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. any sale and purchase the token will governed legally binding agreement, the details which will made available separately from this whitepaper. the event any inconsistencies between the abovementioned agreement and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. (c) this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice sell, any solicitation any offer the issuer/distributor/vendor the token purchase any token nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. (d) the tokens are not intended constitute securities, units business trust, units collective investment scheme, each defined under the securities and futures act (cap. singapore, its equivalent any other jurisdiction. accordingly, this whitepaper therefore, does not, and not intended to, constitute prospectus, profile statement, offer document any sort, and should not construed offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment, solicitation for any form investment any jurisdiction. (e) token should construed, interpreted, classified treated enabling, according any opportunity to, purchasers participate receive benefits, income, other payments returns arising from connection with the platform, the token, products, receive sums paid out such benefits, income, other payments returns. (f) this whitepaper any part hereof may not reproduced, distributed otherwise disseminated any jurisdiction where offering coins/ tokens the manner set out this whitepaper regulated prohibited. (g) regulatory authority has reviewed, examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken any jurisdiction. (h) where you wish purchase any token, the tokens are not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: (a) any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; (b) debentures, stocks shares issued any entity; (c) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; (d) rights under contract for differences under any other contract with the purpose pretended purpose secure revenue avoid loss; (e) units derivatives collective investment scheme business trust, any other type securities. restrictions distribution and dissemination (a) the distribution dissemination this whitepaper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws regulatory requirements any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, obtain legal and other relevant advice on, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability the company its representatives, agents, and related companies ("affiliates"). (b) persons whom copy this whitepaper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the whitepaper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this whitepaper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. disclaimer liability (a) the token, the platform and related services provided the company and its affiliates are provided "as is" and "as available" basis. the company and its affiliates not grant any warranties make any representation, express implied otherwise, the accessibility, quality, suitability, accuracy, adequacy, completeness the token, the platform any related services provided the company and its affiliates, and expressly disclaim any liability for errors, delays, omissions in, for any action taken reliance on, the token, the platform and related services provided the company and its affiliates. (b) the company, its affiliates and its directors, officials and employees not make purport make, and hereby disclaim, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. (c) the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws and regulations, the company and its affiliates shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income benefits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. cautionary note forward-looking statements (a) certain information set forth this whitepaper includes forward-looking information regarding the future the project, future events and projections. these statements are not statements historical fact and may identified but not limited words and phrases such "will", "estimate", "believe", "expect", "project", "anticipate", words similar meaning. such forwardlooking statements are also included other publicly available materials such presentations, interviews, videos etc., information contained this whitepaper constitutes forward-looking statements including but not limited future results, performance, achievements the company its affiliates. (b) the forward-looking statements involve variety risks and uncertainties. these statements are not guarantees future performance and undue reliance should placed them. should any these risks uncertainties materialise, the actual performance and progress the company its affiliates might differ from expectations set the forward-looking statements. the company its affiliates undertake obligation update forward-looking statements should there any change circumstances. acting upon forward-looking information received from this whitepaper, the company its affiliates' website and other materials produced the company its affiliates, you personally bear full responsibility the event where the forward-looking statements not materialize. (c) the date this whitepaper, the platform has not been completed and not fully operational. any description pertaining and regarding the platform made the basis that the platform will completed and fully operational. however, this paragraph shall way construed providing any form guarantee assurance that the platform will eventually completed fully operational. potential risks purchasing, holding and using the tokens, you expressly acknowledge and assume the risks set out this section any these risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects the company its affiliates may materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the token. such risks include but are not limited the following: risks relating the tokens (a) there may not public secondary market for the tokens (i)the tokens are intended native tokens used the platform, and the company and its affiliates have not and may not actively facilitate any secondary trading external trading tokens. addition, there and has been public market for the tokens and the tokens are not traded, whether any cryptocurrency exchange otherwise. the event that the tokens are traded cryptocurrency exchange, there assurance that active liquid trading market for the tokens will develop developed, sustained. there also assurance that the market price the tokens will not decline below the purchase amount paid for the v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. tokens, which not indicative such market price. (ii) pxl not currency issued any central bank national, supra-national quasi-national organisation, nor backed any hard assets other credit. the company and its affiliates are not responsible for nor they pursue the circulation and trading the tokens the market. trading the tokens merely depends the consensus its value between the relevant market participants, and one obliged acquire any token from any holder the token, including the purchasers the tokens, nor does anyone guarantee the liquidity market price the tokens any extent any time. accordingly, the company and its affiliates cannot ensure that there will any demand market for the tokens, that the price upon which the tokens were purchased indicative the market price the tokens they are made available for trading cryptocurrency exchange. risks relating the company, its affiliates and the platform (a) limited availability sufficient information (i) the platform still early development phase the date this whitepaper. its governance structure, purpose, consensus mechanism, algorithm, code, infrastructure design and other technical specifications and parameters may updated and changed frequently without notice. while this whitepaper contains the key information currently available relation the platform, subject adjustments and updates from time time, announced the company's website. purchasers will not have full access all the information relevant the tokens and/or the platform. nevertheless, anticipated that significant milestones and progress reports will announced the company's website. (b) the digital assets raised the sale the tokens are exposed risks theft (i) whilst the company and its affiliates will make every effort ensure that the eth received from the sale tokens are securely held through the implementation security measures, there assurance that there will theft the cryptocurrencies result hacks, mining attacks, sophisticated cyber-attacks, distributed denials service errors, vulnerabilities defects such blockchain addresses, the ethereum blockchain, any other blockchain, otherwise. such events may include, for example, flaws programming source code leading exploitation abuse thereof. such event, even the sale tokens completed, the company and its affiliates may not able receive the cryptocurrencies raised and the company and its affiliates may not able utilise such funds for the development the platform, and the launch the platform might temporarily permanently curtailed. such, the issued tokens may hold little worth value. the tokens are uninsured, unless you specifically obtain private insurance insure them. the event any loss loss value the tokens, you may have recourse. (c) the blockchain address(es) may compromised and the digital assets may not able retrieved (i) the blockchain address(es) are designed secured. however, the event that the blockchain address(es) for the receipt purchase amounts otherwise are, for any reason, compromised (including but not limited scenarios the loss keys such blockchain address(es), the funds held such blockchain address(es) may not able retrieved and disbursed, and may permanently unrecoverable. such event, even the sale the tokens successful, the company and its affiliates will not able receive the funds raised and the company and its affiliates will not able utilise such funds for the development the platform, and the implementation the platform might temporarily permanently curtailed. such, distributed tokens may hold little worth value. (d) there assurance any success the platform and the company and its affiliates may cease the development, launch and operation the platform. (i) the value of, and demand for, the tokens hinges heavily the performance the platform. there assurance that the platform will gain traction after its launch and achieve any commercial success. the platform has not been fully developed, finalised and integrated and subject further changes, updates and adjustments prior its launch. such changes may result unexpected and unforeseen effects its projected appeal users, and hence impact its success. there are guarantees that the process for creating the tokens will uninterrupted error-free. (ii) while the company has made every effort provide realistic estimate, there also assurance that the cryptocurrencies raised the sale tokens will sufficient for the development and integration the platform. for the foregoing any other reason, the development and integration the platform may not completed and there assurance that its systems, protocols products will launched all. such, distributed tokens may hold little worth value. (iii) additional reasons which may result the termination the development, launch operation the platform includes, but not limited to, (aa) unfavourable fluctuation the value cryptographic and fiat currencies, (bb) the inability the company and its affiliates establish the platform the tokens' utility resolve technical problems and issues faced relation the development operation the platform the token, the failure commercial relationships, (cc) intellectual property disputes during development operation, and (dd) changes the future capital needs the company its affiliates and the availability financing and capital fund such needs. for the aforesaid and other reasons, the platform may longer viable project and may dissolved simply not launched, negatively impacting the platform and the potential utility and value the tokens. (e) there may lack demand for the platform and the services provided, which would impact the value the tokens (i) there risk that upon launching the platform, there lack interest from consumers, merchants, advertisers, and other key participants for the platform and the services, and that there may limited interest and therefore use the platform and the tokens. such lack interest could impact the operation the platform and the uses potential value the tokens. (ii) there risk competition from alternative platforms that may have been established, even from existing businesses which would target any segment the potential users the platform fulfilling similar demands, e.g. corporations targeting advertisers seeking purchase consumer data and market analysis. therefore, the event that the competition results lack interest and demand for the platform, the services and the tokens, the operation the platform and the value the tokens may negatively impacted. (f) the company and its affiliates may experience system failures, unplanned interruptions its network services, hardware software defects, security breaches other causes that could adversely affect the company its affiliates' infrastructure network, the platform (i) the company and its affiliates are unable anticipate detect when there would occurrences hacks, cyber-attacks, mining attacks (including but not limited double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks and "selfish-mining" attacks), distributed denials service errors, vulnerabilities defects the platform, the tokens, any technology (including but not limited smart contract technology) which the company, its affiliates, the platform, the tokens, rely the ethereum blockchain any other blockchain. such events may include, for example, flaws programming source code leading exploitation abuse thereof. the company and its affiliates may not able detect such issues timely manner, and may not have sufficient resources efficiently cope with multiple service incidents happening simultaneously rapid succession. (ii) attacks its appliances its infrastructure, which are critical for the maintenance the platform and its other services, there can assurance that cyber-attacks, such distributed denials service, will not attempted the future, and that any such security measures will effective. any significant breach security measures other disruptions resulting compromise the usability, stability and security the company and its affiliates' network services, including the platform. risks relating the participation the sale tokens (a) you may not able recover the purchase amount paid for the tokens (i)except provided under any applicable terms sale prescribed applicable laws and regulations, the company not obliged provide you with refund the purchase amount. promises future performance price are will made respect the tokens, including promises inherent value continuing payments, and there guarantee that the tokens will hold any particular value. therefore, the recovery the purchase amount may impossible may subject applicable laws and regulations. (b) you may subject adverse legal and/or tax implications result the purchase, distribution and use the tokens (i) the legal character cryptocurrency and cryptographic assets remain uncertain. there risk that the tokens may considered securities certain jurisdictions, may considered securities certain jurisdictions the future. the company and its affiliates does not provide any warranty guarantee how the tokens will classified, and each purchaser will bear all consequences the tokens being considered securities their respective jurisdictions, and bear the responsibility the legality, use and transfer the tokens the relevant jurisdictions. (ii) further, the tax treatment the acquisition disposal such cryptocurrency cryptographic assets might depend whether they are classified securities, assets, currency otherwise. the tax characterisation the tokens remains indeterminate, you must seek your own tax advice connection with the purchase, acquisition disposal the tokens, which may result adverse tax consequences tax reporting requirements for you. (c) the loss compromise information relating the purchaser wallet and your platform may affect your access and possession the tokens (i) there risk that you may lose access and possession the tokens permanently due loss unique personal created the platform, and other identification information, loss requisite private key(s) associated with the purchaser wallet vault storing the tokens any other kind custodial purchaser errors. (d) blockchains may face congestion and transactions may delayed lost (i) most blockchains used for cryptocurrency transactions (e.g. ethereum) are prone periodic congestion during which transactions can delayed lost. individuals may also intentionally spam the network attempt gain advantage purchasing cryptographic tokens. this may result situation where v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved. block producers may not include your purchase the tokens when you intends transact, your transaction may not included all. privacy and data retention issues (a) part the token sales, the verification processes and the subsequent operation the platform, the company may collect personal information from you. the collection such information subject applicable laws and regulations. all information collected will used for purposes the token sales and operations the platform, thus may transferred contractors, service providers and consultants worldwide appointed the company. apart from external compromises, the company and its appointed entities may also suffer from internal security breaches whereby their employees may misappropriate, misplace lose personal information purchasers. the company may required expend significant financial resources alleviate problems caused any breaches losses, settle fines and resolve inquiries from regulatory government authorities. any information breaches losses will also damage the company's reputations, thereby harming its long-term prospects. macro risks (a) general global market and economic conditions may have adverse impact the company and its affiliates' operations and the use the platform (i) the company and its affiliates could affected general global economic and market conditions. challenging economic conditions worldwide have from time time, contributed, and may continue contribute, slowdowns the information technology industry large. weakness the economy may have negative effect the company and its affiliates' business strategies, results operations and prospects. (i) suppliers which the platform relies for servers, bandwidth, location and other services could also negatively impacted economic conditions that, turn, could have negative impact the company and its affiliates' operations expenses. (iii) there can assurance, therefore, that current economic conditions worsening economic conditions prolonged recurring recession will not have significant adverse impact the company and its affiliates' business strategies, results operations and prospects and hence the platform, which may turn impact the value the tokens. (b) the regulatory regime governing blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies, tokens, offering tokens, and the platform remain uncertain, and any changes, regulations policies may materially adversely affect the development the platform and the utility the tokens (i) regulation the tokens, the offer and sale tokens, cryptocurrencies, blockchain technologies, and cryptocurrency exchanges currently undeveloped underdeveloped and likely rapidly evolve. such regulation also varies significantly among different jurisdictions, and hence subject significant uncertainty. the various legislative and executive bodies different jurisdictions may the future adopt laws, regulations, guidance, other actions, which may severely impact the development and growth the platform, the adoption and utility the tokens the issue, offer, and sale the tokens the company. failure the company and its affiliates users the platform comply with any laws, rules and regulations, some which may not exist yet are subject interpretation and may subject change, could result variety adverse consequences against the company and its affiliates, including civil penalties and fines. (ii) blockchain networks also face uncertain regulatory landscape many foreign jurisdictions. various jurisdictions may, the near future, adopt laws, regulations directives that affect the platform, and therefore, the value the tokens. such laws, regulations directives may directly and negatively impact the operations the company and its affiliates. the effect any future regulatory change impossible predict, but such change could substantial and could materially adverse the development and growth the platform and the adoption and utility the tokens. (iii) the extent that the company and its affiliates may required obtain licences, permits and/or approvals (collectively, the "regulatory approvals") carry out its business, including that the creation the tokens and the development and operation the platform, but are unable obtain such regulatory approvals such regulatory approvals are not renewed revoked for whatever reason the relevant authorities, the business the company and its affiliates may adversely affected. (iv) there assurance that more stringent requirements will not imposed upon the company and its affiliates the relevant authorities the future, that the company and its affiliates will able adapt timely manner changing regulatory requirements. these additional more stringent regulations may restrict the company and its affiliates' ability operate its business and the company and its affiliates may face actions for non-compliance fails comply with any such requirements. (v) further, should the costs (financial otherwise) complying with such newly implemented regulations exceed certain threshold, maintaining the platform may longer commercially viable and the company and its affiliates may opt discontinue the platform and/or the tokens. further, difficult predict how whether governments regulatory authorities may implement any changes laws and regulations affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications, including the platform and the tokens. the company and its affiliates may also have cease operations jurisdiction that makes illegal operate such jurisdiction, make commercially unviable undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. scenarios such the foregoing, the distributed tokens may hold little worth value. (c) there may risks relating acts god, natural disasters, wars, terrorist attacks, riots, civil commotions widespread communicable diseases and other events beyond the control the company and its affiliates (i) the sale the tokens and the performance the company, its affiliates and/ the platform's activities may interrupted, suspended delayed due acts god, natural disasters, wars, terrorist attacks, riots, civil commotions, widespread communicable diseases and other events beyond the control the company and its affiliates. such events could also lead uncertainty the economic outlook global markets and there assurance that such markets will not affected, that recovery from the global financial crisis would continue. such events, the company and its affiliates' business strategies, results operations and outlook may materially and adversely affected, and the demand for and use the tokens and the platform may materially affected. further, outbreak such infectious communicable diseases occurs any the countries which the company, its affiliates, and the participants the platform have operations the future, market sentiment could adversely affected and this may have negative impact the platform and its community. (d) blockchain and cryptocurrencies, including the tokens are relatively new and dynamic technology. addition the risks highlighted herein, there are other risks associated with your purchase of, holding and use the tokens, including those that cannot anticipate. such risks may further materialise unanticipated variations combinations the risks discussed herein. further information update person has been authorized give any information representation not contained this whitepaper connection with the tokens, the platform, the company its affiliates and their respective businesses and operations, and, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorised behalf the company its affiliates. language this whitepaper may translated into other languages. any disagreement should arise due different language translations, the version english will prevail. advice information this whitepaper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding the token, the platform, the company its affiliates. you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s) regarding the token, the company its affiliates and their respective businesses and operations. you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase the tokens for indefinite period time. follow website: https://piction.network telegram: https://t.me/pictionnetwork v.. jan copyright (c) piction network. all right reserved.