swiftcash v.. decentralized governance and economy swiftcash whitepaper v.. page introduction swiftcash open-source, self-funded system decentralized governance and economy born out desire create digital store value with consistent and stable growth model, well peer-to-peer cryptocurrency for daily transactional use. swiftcash uses the revolutionary proof-of-stake algorithm reach consensus and allows future block rewards spent proposals that are embraced the community stakeholders. therefore, maximum monthly inflation goes directly stakeholders who help secure the network, and whether the rest mined how it's spent will also decided the stakeholders. the revolutionary proof-of-stake algorithm offers solution the problem posed the exponential increase energy consumed bitcoin, and other proof-of-work cryptocurrencies. proof-of-work mining environmentally unsustainable due the electricity used high-powered mining hardware and anyone with hash power can double spend. swiftcash utilizes the green protocol, energy-efficient proof-of-stake algorithm, inspired bitcoin green, and originally developed peercoin developers, can mined any computer, and will never require specialized mining equipment. the green protocol offers simple solution sustainability issues posed bitcoin and other proof-of-work cryptocurrencies, and provides faster, more scalable blockchain that better suited for daily transactional use. mining the superiority pos over pow lot proof-of-work cryptocurrencies have come under what known attacks, since their invention. these attacks are possible only when the exploiter can acquire more than half the network's hash power, often renting this power from online businesses such nicehash. one common solution these attacks proof-of-work networks centralize the mining blocks. this method, miners are required sign each block with private key that issued central authorities, such the developers. proof-of-stake mining the other hand, which also known staking, fully decentralized. anyone with stake the blockchain can try find and register new blocks, and attack going require the attacker acquire the active stake that online and trying find new blocks. therefore, the more stakeholders participate mining/staking, the more secure the network becomes, the cost attack increases. this reflected what known the difficulty. with proof-of-work mining, the attackers can invest strong mining infrastructure once, and use attack many proof-of-work blockchains they want, whereas with proof-of-stake mining, also known staking minting, the attackers will have invest each blockchain individually, and each time they attack blockchain, they also attack their own investment! another thing that makes proof-of-stake mining better solution, saving money energy costs and being friendly the environment. give example how extraordinary the difference is, might noteworthy point out that bitcoin mining for example, the time writing this, consumes more electricity year than the whole country ireland! and last but not least, the revolutionary proof-of-stake algorithm gives the inflation stakeholders rather than third-party miners, who may may not invested the blockchain. swiftcash whitepaper v.. page technical specifications block time: minute difficulty adjustment timespan: blocks difficulty adjustment interval: every block algorithm: keccak maximum supply: ,,, maximum block rewards: (xx)/(x+blockheight) minimum block rewards: (xx)/(x+blockheight) distribution: swiftnodes: pos miners; swiftrewards: budget: proposal fee: swift budget fee: swift initial distribution swiftcash has unique initial distribution which was originally forkdrops most smartcash addresses, with filters targeting problematic ones such huge amounts centralized budgets controlled the hives core teams, and their direct down streams, well known exchanges, hackers and exploiters. this let start with appx. million coins out which only million was set aside for funding the initial development. for more information about the filtering criterias used, please refer the first edition the whitepaper. almost days after launch, realized known smartcash exploiter had more than addresses with over million coins forkdrops. the community acted quickly and through fork/reset, managed remove these coins from circulation. appx. months after this fork/reset, noticed that more than the forkdrops had not yet been touched. this was having tremendous effect the inflation claimed forkdrops, which were far more than what had originally anticipated, due more than the supply not participating. proposal was introduced, and active stakeholders voted put deadline for forkdrops claimed and reset the chain the end the deadline, and remove unclaimed forkdrops, and also slash the inflation the final fork/reset caused start with appx. million coins, which was less than the maximum supply. decentralized governance swiftcash uses decentralized system governance reach consensus about the direction and scope development, support and outreach activities. higher stake will have higher voting power and this way, all key decisions will ultimately made active stakeholders. order able vote, stakeholders need setup and maintain swiftnode, also known masternode. swiftnodes require swift, plus vps, well unique ipv address. our vision governance that proposals can even submitted hard fork the main chain, and enough stakeholders vote yes, who should stand their way? after all, the blockchain belongs stakeholders and therefore, crucial for stakeholders continue actively involved key decisions voting yes abstain proposals. unlike some projects, not have any swiftcash whitepaper v.. page hard-coded address that going continually get paid, matter what. each payment from the community treasuries needs approval from stakeholders through proposals and onchain voting. that includes the developers, admins and anyone else involved the community. everyone has through the same process get paid anything from the treasuries. stakeholders will have the final say the end the day, and will hire and fire contractors pleased. maximum our theoretical block rewards are set aside for budgeting, out which are set aside for swiftrewards. the total budget used every month, maximum supply billion coins will reach about years. however, think this extremely unlikely scenario. the more likely scenario will that least about the theoretical block rewards will turn into future reserves, which means that will take more than years run out block rewards, and rely fees and donations only. proposals budgets the cost for submitting proposal swift and once proposal passes, swift will required finalize the budget the blockchain, that passed proposals can get paid the next superblock. superblocks are few blocks, which proposals that have passed get paid, and this happens every block appx. every month. proposals need chain for least days before they can finalized and get paid. finalization happens days before each superblock; deadline for submission any proposal get paid from particular superblock blocks appx. days before each superblock. each proposal can only ask for maximum the maximum monthly budget. case there are more winning proposals than the maximum available budget, proposals with more votes will finalized and get paid. each proposal will need minimum the network yes votes(yeas), minus votes(nays), order pass. that means there are swiftnodes, proposal will need least yeas vs. nays, yeas vs. nays case participation rate. therefore, the lower the participation rate, the more the required passing point. this means that case participation, required passing point will whereas case participation, which the minimum participation rate required for any proposal pass, required passing point will that say only participate, everyone who participates must vote yes for the proposal pass. due the nature continuously diminishing block rewards and its effect the markets, only maximum payments per proposal can asked for. longer-term proposals will need re-submitted every months; votes can updated one hour after each submission, and that includes votes proposals that have already passed and got paid once more. furthermore, url must attached while submitting proposal, which should include the details the proposal. the recommended platform for the details proposals and also any pre-proposal the steem blockchain which not only independent from swiftcash, but also decentralized and resistant towards censorship. recommended hashtags for swiftcash proposals and pre-proposals are #swiftproposal and #swiftpreproposal respectively. swiftcash whitepaper v.. page swiftrewards beating the bears the idea behind swiftrewards way not only help stabilize the price, but also reward long-term holders, case price depreciates. the more price depreciates, the more rewards would holders receive. however price does not depreciate, there would airdrops holders. minimum required balance eligible for swiftrewards will swift, and any outgoing transaction from address during any snapshot will disqualify that address, unless it's proof-of-stake transaction, all the value taken, returned the address the same transaction. this case, swift covered for fees and the transaction fee greater than swift, can covered via extra input from address that already disqualified. this pretty useful swiftnode owner wants stake the rewards their swiftnode one collateral. last but not least, order filter zombie addresses, only addresses are rewarded that have had least one valid transaction during the specified snapshot. this can happen automatically, case the address stakes has active swiftnode collateral during the snapshot. there will tiers for swiftrewards: tier tier tier tier every every every every block appx. month block appx. months block appx. months block appx. months result, there would one possible airdrop each month, two possible airdrops every three months, three possible airdrops every six months and four possible airdrops every twelve months. mentioned above, those who hold longer, would rewarded more, price depreciates; and the more price depreciates, the more rewards will dropped holders! these airdrops will done community ambassadors via multisig address and the required funds and elected ambassadors will need gain approval from stakeholders via proposal. swiftrewards will maximum and block rewards for tier and respectively i.e. maximum total future block rewards. for tier each drop the average price from the start the snapshot the end, results future block rewards being dropped holders. first snapshot for each tier begins one snapshot late make things fair the future adopters. that means, first snapshot for tier will start block while the first snapshot for tier will start block give example, the average price recorded usd block and then becomes usd block holders will receive the block rewards during that period. that times due drop the average price. price drops more than will not affect the amount airdrop, since maximum amount available coins airdrop will reached. block rewards inflation block rewards are set only swift per block block this make the launch fair and give the community about one week set their wallets for staking and/or servers for swiftnodes. from block rewards will start with swift per block theoretically, but only this amount will mined every block, which will split between swiftcash whitepaper v.. page swiftnodoes and pos miners, with ratio the rest the theoretical block rewards are set aside for budgeting, and will only mined demand via proposals, should enough stakeholders swiftnode owners specific, vote yes. block rewards are set fall gradually zero and the gradual curve very slow and becomes even slower time goes by. will take years for block rewards halve for the first time; second halving will take additional years, third halving will take additional years, and and on. this gives maximum inflation appx. the first year, the second year, and forth. maximum inflation however most likely not going occur due unused treasuries which turn into future reserves. furthermore, example, bitcoin has mined over its maximum supply less than years, and smartcash has mined about its maximum supply within months, while consistently use the whole budget, which very unlikely explained above, going take years reach our maximum supply! that great news for future adopters and this because have long-term goal; what want decentralized cryptocurrency and economy benefit everyone the world decades come, not pump and dump ponzi scheme. having said that, the following chart depicts the annual inflation swiftcash within the first years, with the assumption that the theoretical block rewards will turn into future reserves due unused treasuries. depicted below, annual inflation the first year would about and would then reach about the year. swiftcash monetary base with the same assumption that the theoretical block rewards should turn into future reserves, will look like below. can seen, will take more than years reach our maximum supply billion coins. swiftcash whitepaper v.. page order get insight into how slow our block rewards are going decrease, can have look the following chart which depicts the swiftnode rewards the first years. can seen, swiftnodes will initially get about swift per block, and the end the year, they will getting about swift per block. the radically slow curve designed intention not only stabilize the price grow, but also decentralize the distribution block rewards making inflation fairer future adopters, compared most cryptocurrencies out there. swiftcash whitepaper v.. page copyright (c) swiftcash developers permission hereby granted, free charge, any person obtaining copy this software and associated documentation files (the "software"), deal the software without restriction, including without limitation the rights use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies the software, and permit persons whom the software furnished so, subject the following conditions: the above copyright notice and this permission notice shall included all copies substantial portions the software. the swiftcash software provided "as is", without warranty any kind, express implied, including but not limited the warranties merchantability, fitness for particular purpose and noninfringement. event shall the authors copyright holders liable for any claim, damages other liability, whether action contract, tort otherwise, arising from, out connection with the software the use other dealings the software. website social media: website: https://swiftcash.cc facebook: ttps://www.facebook.com/swiftcashcc github: ttps://github.com/swiftcashproject twitter: https://twitter.com/swiftcashcc telegram: https://t.me/swiftcashcc discord: http://discord.swiftcash.cc steem: ttps://steemit.com/@swiftcash relevant tools: block explorer: ttps://explorer.swiftcash.cc/ wallets(windows, mac, and linux): https://swiftcash.cc/wallets.html web/mobile wallet: https://wallet.swiftcash.cc/ coingecko: ttps://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/swiftcash mntrend: https://mntrend.com/en/currencies/swift masternodecap: https://masternodecap.com/coins/swift mno: https://masternodes.online/currencies/swift/ exchanges: https://wallet.escodex.com/market/escodex.swift_escodex.btc https://crex.com/exchange/swift-btc swiftcash whitepaper v.. page