whitepaper limited rare resistant bitcoin rhodium not fork bitcoin. new crypto asset. there will only ever million btr bitcoin rhodium community-based crypto commodity, rare, limited and resistant crypto asset store value for the future. bitcoin rhodium unique crypto commodity with limited supply and strong use case its store-of-value qualities are further supported set features that meet the demand for long-term crypto investment, incentivize strong-hand investor behaviour and bridge the gap between the world crypto and traditional investment. contents bitcoin rhodium fact sheet introducing bitcoin rhodium user cases mining roadmap and long-term vision community useful links bitcoin rhodium fact sheet technical specifications million btr pow open source code block interval target minutes block size difficulty adjustment every blocks distribution mineable btr) airdropped btr) years investment btr) premined for btr) premined for dev btr) anonymization security and protection bitcoin rhodium holders disabling unwanted surveillance over transactions. total coins circulation btr from btr total coins circulation introducing bitcoin rhodium unique crypto commodity, for the long-term late amidst surge altcoin issuance particularly, bitcoin hard forks our europe-based development team decided try something different. for one, viewed hard forks, for the most part, bitcoin clones that would difficult discern from the real thing. second, after the first two, bitcoin cash and bitcoin gold, none had been supported major exchanges wallets making them nearly impossible acquire; let alone, safely. lastly, world where hundreds new altcoins were emerging, was becoming clear that without viable, long-term use-case that could convincingly communicated investors the odds significant price appreciation were extremely low. first, considered what other altcoins were doing and then, what bitcoin couldn't do, given its ability subsume nearly all vital crypto asset functions. which when came with the idea "ultra-bitcoin scarcity"; i.e., coin with all bitcoin's best features, and lifetime cap just million, one-tenth bitcoin's; which, roughly half would trade upon launch, with the other half mined the public over the next years. additionally, added privacy feature, our quest create crypto asset that would cater large, long-term holders. next, determined that the best way build community was distribute our coin, bitcoin rhodium named for the relatively unknown; and far, scarcest precious metal via "airdrop" existing bitcoin holders. airdrop, mean that unlike hard forks, there requirement for third party split and/or store the coin. instead, proactive bitcoin holders could claim btr "registering" non-zero balance public bitcoin addresses from online and offline wallets which they held their own private keys like online electrums offline trezors and ledgers. "signing" the unique message supplied bitcoin rhodium, one could prove bitcoin ownership without giving out their private keys; thus, enabling the receipt free bitcoin rhodium the subsequent claiming process one's personal, online bitcoin rhodium wallet. finally, aimed create "community" foster long-term support, through the discord chat room that we, the development team, actively monitor facto "customer service" function particularly during the airdrop process, which started december, and will end march st. through discord, twitter, and reddit, believe awareness bitcoin rhodium's "ultra-bitcoin scarcity" use case has increased, the point that expect the launch, currently scheduled for late summer, met with significant investor enthusiasm. ultimately, the words one the project's most well-known public supporters, hope bitcoin rhodium will viewed "elite bitcoin" brodl'ed passionately bitcoin hodl'ed. october bitcoin rhodium's development team announced that, after year exhaustive work, the bitcoin rhodium (btr) mainnet was launched this weekend. user cases the crypto trinity bitcoin rhodium was introduced market environment that lacked the appeal for investors looking for long-term investment crypto securities. ever since btr has met every objective effectively fulfil this role, one that single cryptocurrency has managed subsume far. btr's inherent qualities naturally discern from the plethora altcoins available the market that lack any viable use case. but more importantly, they are the bases natural convergence with bitcoin and litecoin. the three coins (btr, btc, ltc) form efficient ecosystem that can facilitate users/investors with different needs and preferences. where ltc has traditionally provided its users with primarily transactional properties and btc still fails find its appeal for traditional investors, btr emerges the natural complement meet the demand for long-term security investments, investment diversification, coin that tightly held and transparent towards its users. for these reasons btr represents the final piece the puzzle, the crypto trinity, whose efficient co-existence satisfies the complete spectrum investors and their diverse needs. strong hands programme hold get rewarded bitcoin rhodium introducing new feature that will reinforce its use case: reward proactive holders and stimulate new investment. through strong hands programme you can earn reward between and your btr holdings every year. strong hands and exit-aversion; two qualities that set btr investors apart from the rest. reinforce your position and build your stack through free participation the strong hands programme. read more about how works our mainpage: https://www.bitcoinrh.org/#crypto-investment btr-metals market order stimulate investment, strengthen btr's use case and promote crypto acceptability are working application that will bridge the gap between crypto and traditional investments. will facilitate exchange among btr, btc, ltc and precious metal investors through decentralized and efficient matching supply and demand with intermediaries. mining bitcoin rhodium's development team created the mining pool http://poolcore.bitcoinrh.org/ any equipment that supports btr's algorithm can mine it, discussed the btr mining manual https://www.bitcoinrh.org/miningsetup.pdf roadmap have made huge progress from our first idea precious crypto asset till nowdays developement. find our fullfiled milestones below. first airdrop announced bitcoin rhodium the first mineable coin which has enabled individuals throughout the world experience introduction digital currencies. first airdrop recipients were not required hold btc their registered addresses. web wallet launch bitcoin rhodium wallet was launched for public claiming btr btr were successfully claimed testnet testnet launched for mining pool testing, transactions, wallet functions stability testing. server network decentralisation the decentralised server network can observed here: https://network.bitcoinrh.org/ airdrop the second and final round airdrop distributed btr among btc users, who did not claim their share before. mainnet launched october the bitcoin rhodium mainnet was officially launched attracting enormous attention both previous and new community members, well broader crypto public. subsequently, organic otc market was established that allowed btr holders that started the price-searching process. miningcore pool launch following the technical issues with the pool caused the coinium mining pool software architecture, miningcore software was implemented that brought along unprecedent interest miners the hashrate skyrocketed http://poolcore.bitcoinrh.org/. the crypto trinity our new vision for cooperation with btc and ltc. strong hands programme hold get rewarded bisq with bitcoin rhodium bisq open-source desktop application that allows you buy and sell bitcoins exchange for national currencies, alternative crypto currencies electrum wallet electrum wallet released give the btr holders alternative mean storing their tokens: https://electrum.bitcoinrh.org/ first exchange listing btr expected listed major crypto exchange the end for now, ppbb and sistemkoin are confirmed. gitlab source code release has been promised, after the first listing, various components the btr source code will made available for the community observe through gitlab. the delay the code release has been decided upon the development team ensure maximum security the btr network and the users. hardware wallet support after btr listed multiple crypto exchanges, the objective negotiate the support one, more the hardware crypto wallets manufacturers. priority ledger. mobile wallet support the possibility implementing mobile wallet solution will explored. anonymisation feature several anonymisation features are planned implemented, more tbc. presentation new roadmap with capacity building stage completed, will adjust the scope our activities more user-centered and orienting utilizing the potential developed bitcoin rhodium ecosystem. long term vision our long term goal maintain anonymity, scarcity, security. you can see below, will join the precious metal market and cooperate with gold, silver, rhodium, platinium business partners and develop trading eshop with real precisious metals. merchandising merchandising spread our message. metal rhodium partners partnership established with precious metal market. world wide metal market built top the crypto trinity. blockchain interoperability connected with our the crypto trinity. community useful links people are what make our vision come true. website https://www.bitcoinrh.org/ mining pool http://poolcore.bitcoinrh.org/ testnet website https://testnet.bitcoinrh.org/ electrum wallet website https://electrum.bitcoinrh.org/ twitter https://twitter.com/bitcoinrh discord https://discord.gg/wmxcesm facebook https://www.facebook.com/bitcoinrh/