paytomat whitepaper v.. execu-ve summary problem statement market overview digital payments industry mobile payments industry cryptocurrency industry solu-on vision core principles customer flow merchant flow architecture overview intro payment flow paytomat core core services relays oracles gateways merchant interfaces customer wallet paytomat tokens ptm token ptx token paytomat tokenomics tokens allocaron liquidity reserve paytomat labs project timeline references execu-ve summary this document cover the main aspects how paytomat works and overview what think takes make transacronal cryptos used for real world payments. paytomat set blockchain souware solurons, already used more than several hundreds merchants accept crypto cafes, restaurants, beauty salons etc. our product integrates into exisrng point-of-sale systems offers standalone soluron without the need purchase addironal hardware. hedge the risks, increase speed and streamline payments mulrple cryptocurrencies. for the sustomer, it's easy scanning code with our own any other comparble crypto wallet, and pay one the cryptocurrencies currently supported paytomat. for the merchant, the enrollment free and done either via their pos (updarng the souware) installing the merchant app provided paytomat. the in-house developed proprietary system now being migrated eos and includes "paytomat core" the form eos smart contract and services responsible for keeping merchant accounts and balances, merchant interfaces (merchant web panel, merchant app, pos integrarons and e-commerce plugins) and consumer apps (non-custodial cryptocurrency wallets). the technological placorm focuses security, scalability, performance and lowest possible cost. ideologically, paytomat focuses bridging the decentralized financial world with retail, ensuring our non-comperrve posiron with transacronal cryptocurrencies and offering open ecosystem for everyone benefit from relays, gateways, regional leaders, customers and merchants themselves. nascent decentralized payment system can only succeed with local support this what paytomat regional leaders are for. companies individuals who oversee the local gateways and merchant enrollments, and earn money for doing so. our in-house team brings together crypto-evangelists, math scienrsts and security experts. have led the souware development businesses for over years and our company now people strong. problem statement centralized payment systems are akin silos financial data dependant the banking system and industry that ripe for transformaron. roughly two billion people are unbanked and have liile access personal financial services. the single most important part the "be your own bank" concept the ability pay with crypto any local shop online. this where most crypto offerings fall short and "crypto-enabled" payments cards that rely central processors are not the answer. what does take move from pure specularon using digital assets real tracron and transacronal cryptocurrencies really taking their niche digital cash? while the infamous "mainstream adopron" could far away, paytomat believe that there are concrete steps grow the adopron and create real cases transacronal usage. from the merchant standpoint the current learning curve and legal complicarons might not worth their rme start acceprng crypto there are technological challenges, administraron payments and vast pool new coins manage. paytomat takes all that off their shoulders, bring new customers and even new markerng and data analysis opportunires. for the customer using fiat within their banking system there are costly cross-border payments, strict kyc limitarons and virtually privacy controls. paying local stores with crypto and being your own bank with cryptocurrency wallet solves that too. market overview digital payments industry the balance force the payments industry conrnues shiu towards digirzaron. thus, total transacron value the digital payments segment was valued $,,m their growth dynamics remains the same, the total transacron value expected show annual growth rate resulrng the total amount $,,m []. the same rme, today the situaron digital payments segment really quite ambiguous. visa and mastercard srll significantly dominate the payment landscape. the us, for example, these companies account for almost half online payments []. however, the hegemony major players gradually wearing off. customers key global markets use array local payment methods, such alipay, tenpay and unionpay china, boletos and domesrc credit cards brazil, sepa direct debit, sofort, and giropay germany []. with the increasing strength new players the market, new placorms, technologies and even payment methods emerge digital payments. respecrvely, there expectaron for omnicommerce the ability pay using the same method regardless whether you're buying goods in-store, online via mobile device. this shiu precipitates need for retailers adapt fast, simple and secure mobile payments []. mobile payments industry according starsrcs, the total transacron value the mobile pos payments segment amounts $,m with experts predicrng further growth $,,m with members []. the other hand, research's vocul leading indicator survey shows that the percentage consumers planning use mobile wallets has remained stagnant since apple launched applepay, growing from december just september while contactless pos penetraron rates are increasing the u.s., the value proposiron for digital wallets remains undeniably nascent. order change it, the next wave consumers, who are perfectly content with cash, cards, and smartphones, which work well and are accepted ubiquitously needs airacted []. although can argue that this new kind customer already living among us. britain alone, million people are already managing their current bank account from the screens their phone. industry analyst, caci, has predicted that million people the adult popularon) will use banking services via mobile app []. cryptocurrency industry what exactly happening with the cryptocurrency industry this maier? let's start with the good news: according coinmetrics [], bitcoin transacrons dollar value has outperformed that payment processors such paypal and discover wide margin. moreover, transacron fees the oldest crypto are rmes cheaper than tradironal fiat transfer least according bank america (boa)'s own rates per transacron, compared average transacron fee for bitcoin) []. around users from the largest cryptocurrency markets own crypto, and another plans buy some the nearest future (according the survey []). around people will own one more crypto-wallets. that number almost rmes bigger than was []. however, there are significant challenges which serve barriers for the way the whole crypto-industry development. one the main issues liquidity problem laying concealed the media hype. the obvious fact that without driving sufficient influx the real life transacrons into the field, the future crypto real trouble. look for yourself: only billion raised various iniral coin offerings were actually related payments []. while teams from all over the world are working resolve this issue, the total amount transacrons these projects generate srll crircally lagging behind. this especially true regions like africa, larn america, south-east asia, central and eastern europe. what the soluron this problem? believe lies generarng sufficient amount real life transacrons and tracron with the real economy. how? well, this document was created answer this very quesron. solu-on vision core principles our core principles reflect values want introduce the world cryptocurrency payments and technology general: security. will use all the power blockchain technology secure each transacron our system. openness. want our system transparent all our clients and open for new parrcipants that are able add more value our ecosystem. this means trust [], fairness and high scalability. privacy. while keeping the system open care about user privacy. all private data not essenral for transacron properres will kept safe. customers will able delete their private data upon request according the latest data privacy laws. convenience. our intenron provide soluron with minimal barriers for merchant adopron, they not need reinvent their businesses just for new payment opron. aim create seamless processes customer-to-merchant payments that are easily understandable, secure and fast. greater good. cryptocurrency, with all other economies, about shared community and want give back it. it's essenral provide all parrcipants our network with nice benefits morvate them spread the word, which, turn will lead mass adopron and greater tracron. customer flow using crypto was easy, then everybody would use it. the moment, that's simply not the case because there are too many steps involved make single transacron. however, the market matures fast and the future payments basically knocking average person's door. the goal paytomat make payments easy and simple use person who has technical blockchain experrse. that implies that client only knows that bitcoin the same thing cash, except digital. imagine chang-woo, years old sales manager seoul (south korea), surfs through the web and finds awesome conference []. enjoys spending rme checking different projects but the one that really caprvates his aienron paytomat. the guys explain that whole cryptocurrency thing human form and give him worth eos giveaway start exploring and playing with it. downloads wallet the spot and receives his first digital transacron. from now he's customer. curious person, decides find bar and get himself drink with this new form payment. opens his paytomat wallet and can clearly see few places the map. goes the one that wasn't familiar with, orders some brewskis and asks the waitress pay with eos. the waitress steers him over mqr that standing the table. chang-woo simply scans it, enters the amount korean won, chooses eos and clicks "pay". auer confirming payment with his fingerprint, the waitress can see push norficaron her phone. looks the wallet check his balance and realizes that also received some tokens bonus for paying crypto. what nice app. thanks the waitress, takes selfie his happy face and shares kakaotalk []. receives lots comments, and now has explain how this whole cryptocurrency thing works his friends. becomes popular. merchant flow camila, years old owner restaurant from margarita island (venezuela) has hundreds tourists coming her place every day. she doing okay, but the inflaron rate seems ruin her business []. the cash worth less hour hour and the fees that credit card companies charge are extremely high. one day she decides conduct extensive research alternarve forms payments that can save and improve her situaron. that's when she stumbles upon bitcoin. fairly new and volarle but the risk worth it. apparently she could open wallet and receive transacrons directly but it's way too hard keep track all the non-cash related payments her point sale system, which why she finds paytomat plugin that supports mulrple coins and comparble with her machine. she contacts the support team and gets the whole system set within day. she puts cryptocurrency srckers her front door and shares this amazing news across all her social media airact customers. with the help local team she also decides host event and explain locals the benefits using and acceprng crypto. the event becomes massive success and now camila has even more customers. every day she now serves about tourists from different countries who pay their favorite crypto. this point, waiters can print out custom receipts with codes for each crypto and give them clients respeccul and presentable form. camila and all the waiters can track the transacrons their phones and pos system and receive sms push norficarons required. due this extra payment opron camila saves money and airacts clients from all over the globe. architecture overview intro paytomat system consists the following components: paytomat core: the heart the system, responsible for keeping merchant accounts and balances, keeping track exchange rates and most importantly managing transacron liferme flow. core services: addironal enrres providing paytomat core with interface various blockchains and external services. among others they include relays (receive customer payments), oracles (confirm payments) and gateways (handle merchant seilements). merchant interfaces: various ways for merchants interact with paytomat core. these include merchant web panel and mobile apps, pos integrarons and other interfaces. paytomat wallet: while customers can use any app pay the merchants, there wallet app specifically designed make crypto payments via the paytomat system quicker and easier. payment flow step customer customer decides pay crypto merchant merchant contacts core create new transaction oracle core intent pay relay create transaction crypto address relay address crypto address customers pays crypto the relay merchant gets crypto payment address and amount from the core and shows the customer crypto transfer merchant merchant balance merchant gets crypto payment address and amount from the core and shows the customer all done core picks relay with the best rate and uses one its addresses for the new transaction transaction details crypto address relay address transaction notification oracle detects successful transaction and notifies the core and the merchant staked eos charge eos confirm transaction core charges relay eos, transfers balance tokens the merchant account transaction tokens the flow starts with the customer informing the merchant the intenron pay via paytomat using one the supported cryptocurrencies. the merchant contacts paytomat core (via the merchant interface used) create new transacron for parrcular amount fiat paid parrcular crypto. core picks one the relays with the best exchange rate. uses this rate calculate the amount cryptocurrency for the customer pay, takes available relay crypto address and creates transacron with all these details. the merchant takes the transacron details and provides the crypto address and amount code pay the customer. the customer transfers crypto the relay. then the transacron gets picked the oracle, which calls the core confirm the payment. also norfies the merchant (via sms push norficaron) with payment confirmaron. core marks the transacron confirmed and charges relay from the eos balance staked earlier. also, transfers corresponding amount fiat-pegged tokens the merchant account. norficaron about successful payment reaches the merchant, who can now finalize interacron with the customer. customer happy. all done! now let's discuss all these components more detail. paytomat core menroned before, paytomat core the central part the system. needs secure and transparent all parrcipants. the best way guarantee this implement smart contract eos blockchain []. let's explore the pros such soluron: transparency: paytomat core smart contract code will open for review third parres. also all data stored the smart contract can accessed and reviewed []. pseudonymity: all parrcipants the transacron are operarng under aliases, personal informaron will revealed the public. course, are required some degree kyc (depending merchant jurisdicron), however this informaron will stay off the core. security: supported the blockchain itself all acrons are signed, confirmed transacrons are almost impossible alter etc. this further supported the fact that paytomat core will run the main eos chain, the security will guaranteed the whole eos ecosystem. scalability: because paytomat core will run the main eos chain, will theorercally have access all the computaronal and storage resources eos blockchain. final costs: because the way eos manages resources [], parrcipants the system not pay for transacrons, but stake funds use storage, computaronal and network resources needed. merchant decides stop using paytomat, then all resources staked process transacrons can refunded. performance: another eos advantage its speed. already manages thousands and potenrally millions transacrons per second. there are some cons for using smart contracts like paytomat core (such varying resources cost inability contact external services from the smart contract), but the pros vastly outnumber them. core services core services help paytomat core communicate with the outside world. designed small and mostly self-contained, they allow for greater scalability our system. there are main services working with paytomat core: relays: accept customer payment crypto behalf paytomat core. oracles: keep track relay payment addresses and norfy the core when payment received. gateways: responsible for processing merchant seilements from paytomer core fiat crypto. there are other minor services working with the core (for example, exchange rate monitoring services, system admin trackers and norfiers and more), but those are the most important ones. below discuss them greater detail. relays while working with the core, relays are completely independent from the system and can outsourced anyone willing accept given cryptocurrency. they could exchanges cryptocurrency core teams all they need stake funds, choose exchange rate and provide list addresses accept crypto from the customers. the rest (monitoring payments and charging relays from the funds staked) done the core and oracles. relay interface with the core will open and fully documented and will provide open source reference relay implementaron for anyone use. oracles with the party relays acceprng payments, there should enrty keep track them and the enrre transacron confirmaron process. this job for oracles []. here what they do: validate addresses provided relays. monitor customer payments and norfy core confirm transacrons when payments are received. norfy merchants about received payments. unlike relays, oracles will operated our team, least the first iteraron the paytomat system. gateways auer relays receive crypto from customers (and oracles confirm this process) the core adds the appropriate funds the merchant's address. these funds are represented tokens pegged parrcular currency (like usd-tokens, btc-tokens etc.) issued paytomat core. turn these tokens into actual currency we'll need gateways. there will two types gateways crypto gateways and fiat gateways []. crypto gateways will global and will not have any addironal fees. however, since fiat seilement condirons vary from country country, fiat gateways will localized and might charge addironal fees. when approving seilements, merchants will able select parrcular fiat gateway which works for them the best. merchant interfaces here are some the ways merchant can work with paytomat core. customer web interface: requires the least possible effort from the merchant. each registered merchant gets direct url which can shared with the customer. the customer turn opens this url, enters amount and selects which cryptocurrency pay in, and gets presented with the crypto address for the transfer. merchant web panel: basically the same process, but requires the merchant issue invoice the customers and only show them the resulrng crypto payment address []. merchant mobile app: much like merchant web panel, but uses narve ios/android [][] applicaron which would preferable and easier use. pos integra-on: the merchant already uses some kind pos system []. work directly with different pos providers and incenrvize them add paytomat payment support their systems with technical assistance from our specialists. any other custom integra-on: since paytomat core's direct interface will thoroughly documented, possible for the party providers write their own integrarons with our input. all these interfaces are set make the merchant's work with paytomat easier. however did not forget about the sustomers, see what offer them the next chapter. customer wallet design our customers are able pay with any cryptocurrency wallet []. each transacron has its own payment address that just regular addresses paricular blockchain, and payment confirmaton that comes the very moment the transacron added the blockchain (or receives several confirmarons, depends the amount). have developed our own wallet ensure the speed and convenience payments. here's what the users already have when using paytomat mobile wallet: narve ios and android applicarons. determinisrc wallet with single seed phrase backup all the private keys all the cryptocurrencies. monitoring balances many addresses the same wallet, showing fiat equivalent with current exchange rates. payments cryptocurrencies support eos and ethereum tokens. faster transacron confirmaron when using our wallet for payment. here are some features coming v.. (currently development): merchant catalog help find nearest merchant where customer can pay via paytomat. extra incenrves for using the system, like special offers from merchants, premium currency airdrops etc. for registered users extra-features not directly connected with paytomat: keeping synced address book, payment other users the system without knowing their address (by username), single-click eos account crearon etc. built-in exchange between different cryptocurrencies. paytomat tokens ptm token ptm parrcipant incenrve token represented eos asset. the ptm pool emiied once the paytomat core smart contract launch. part ptm pool designated smart contract account distributed between paytomat parrcipants with every transacron. another part ptm pool will issued exchange for pti tokens. from every transacron take exchange rate margin paid cryptocurrency and distribute this way: paytomat core; used liquidize ptm tokens. distribute worth ptm tokens all paytomat ecosystem members. the same moment, calculate ptm tokens for this amount from current value ptm token and distribute them like this: merchant that accepted cryptocurrency payment; pos vendor that processes merchant's payments (or paytomat team there's specific pos assigned); regional leader that manages merchants and pos vendors; paytomat masternodes []; relay that provided cryptocurrency address accept customer's selected cryptocurrency; dao fund; the rest (.%) stays liquidity reserve support token value. the masternode eos account that staked ptm tokens paytomat core and has vorng rights the network governance. ptx token customer incenrves are bit more complex than ptm tokens, they are red parrcular bonus programs for region []. plan create family eos assets that will represent value for customer parrcular region. this will either direct value ptx token that can used sort payment inside the paytomat system, group tokens that will directly represent parrcular goods that can exchanged for real product inside network merchants that chose parrcipate such program. partnering with exisrng bonus system also viable opron. this case will establish gateway convert ptx tokens that program's assets vice versa. paytomat tokenomics tokens alloca-on paytomat, designed token based definirve market rules and fundamental economic principles. ensure that ptm and ptx tokens are used acrvely our ecosystem members. ptm tokens are created during the launch paytomat core smart contract that generates and distributes tokens. auer the tokens are generated, there chance create ptm tokens, there are mining acrvires associated with the paytomat network. the total supply ptm distributed ,,, ptm. result, ptm tokens allocaron can described the following: public team liquidity reserve advisors merchant incentive legal customer incentive based lockup periods for different stakeholders and incenrve models for both merchants and customers, can know precisely the total number tokens available the market each month, thereby helping prevent price manipularon ptm token. available market supply during distribution period tokens (billions) month liquidity reserve liquidity reserve pool tokens that are used incenrves for transacronal usage within the paytomat network. paytomat intenronally distributes less ptm tokens ecosystem members create less selling pressure ptm tokens, which means that demand projected always greater than the current supply. the iniral ptm liquidity reserve will exhausted, paytomat core will start buy ptm tokens from the open market for eos accumulated from transacron exchange rate margin. ongoing purchase ptm tokens from the exchange will help establish environment where ptm token value correlates with the purchasing power and habits cryptocurrency customers and the number merchants who convert cryptocurrency into local fiat currency. other words, ptm token shows approximate dynamic growth decline the market involvement. paytomat labs paytomat labs our sandbox for ideas, concepts and code. pet projects and off the wall inirarves that could become future core features are documented and tested here. paytomat labs what allows filter through the ideas somermes building prototype, somermes just producing youtube video and ge|ng the discussion started. the latest project graduated from the labs our mqr the unified merchant that enables the customer pay with any wallet and any crypto supported paytomat without requiring any addironal point sale device the side the merchant special souware the customer's side. for overview the current paytomat labs project, please head over our medium page. testers and contributors are welcome and you can contact labs@paytomat.com for details. project timeline paytomat development began. paytomat mvp launched. integraron with profit solurons pos. bitcoin, litecoin, dash and waves accepted for payment. integraron with poster pos. paytomat mobile merchant alpha. added customer invoicing from web applicaron. paytomat mobile wallet determinisrc mulrcurrency wallet, btc, eth, ltc, dash, xem, waves support from the launch. different currencies accepted for payment. paytomat mobile merchant mqr code for merchants, transacrons and norficarons. paytomat mobile wallet .x: more currencies, erc and eos tokens support. paytomat core mvp launch eos blockchain. paytomat mobile wallet merchant catalog, built-in exchange etc. paytomat core producron launch eos. paytomat mobile merchant with products inventory, invoicing, reporrng etc. paytomat web merchant web version paytomat merchant app with all its funcronality plus product and user management. paytomat own eos chain launch: with ptx-based loyalty programs, vorng for cryptocurrencies etc. paytomat partner web web applicaron for all parrcipants paytomat ecosystem (pos, regional leaders, masternodes) track their rewards, see transacron volume and vote for decisions within paytomat system. paytomat mobile wallet .x: more currencies, transacron norficarons, new products from paytomat labs. references the world bank. the global findex database hips://globalfindex.worldbank.org starsta. digital payments starsta.com/outlook///digital-payments/worldwide payments journal. the digital payment industry srll very diverse landscape paymentsjournal.com/digital-payment-industry-diverse-landscape adyen. the global e-commerce payments guide adyen.com/dam/jcr:edc-e-f-a-dceddb/original.pdf medici. the ecosystem, consumer wholesale payments, and the applicaron new technologies gomedici.com/overview-of-the-payments-industry starsta. mobile pos payments starsta.com/outlook///mobile-pos-payments/worldwide research. voice the connected user landscape research.com/services/customer-insight/voice-of-the-connected-user-landscape jordan mckee. trends reshaping payments forbes.com/sites/jordanmckee////-trends-reshaping-payments-in-/ #fefc kevin peachey. banking mobile app 'to overtake online bbc.com/news/business- xbt network. bitcoin transacron value reaches $.t passes paypal and discover xbt.net/blog/bitcoin-blog/bitcoin-transacron-value-reaches--t-as-it-passes-paypaland-discover birnfocharts. bitcoin median transacron fee historical chart birnfocharts.com/comparison/bitcoin-median_transacron_fee.html cryptoninjas. how many people actually own cryptocurrency? cryptoninjas.net////how-many-people-actually-own-cryptocurrency starsta. number blockchain wallet users worldwide from quarter quarter starsta.com/starsrcs//worldwide-blockchain-wallet-users coinschedule. cryptocurrency ico stats coinschedule.com/stats.html rachel botsman. how blockchain redefining trust? wired.com/story/how-the-blockchain-is-redefining-trust paytomat. the importance working with crypto communires medium.com/ paytomat/the-importance-of-working-with-crypto-communires-becde cryptoambit. south korea's crypto craze explained seoul's largest investor cryptoambit.com/blog////south-korea-and-the-crypto-craze kakaotalk. official website kakaocorp.com/service/kakaotalk?lang=en simon chandler. how venezuela came one the biggest markets for crypto the world cointelegraph.com/news/how-venezuela-came-to-be-one-of-the-biggest-markets-forcrypto-in-the-world eosio. official website. eos.io chaintrade. advantages using smart contracts medium.com/@chaintrade/advantages-of-using-smart-contracts-bcca daniel larimer. eosio ram market bancor algorithm medium.com/@bytemaster/ eosio-ram-market-bancor-algorithm-bedec peter wind. eos achieves transacrons per second coincodex.com/arrcle// eos-achieves--transacrons-per-second blockchainhub. types oracles blockchainhub.net/blockchain-oracles/ amazontype. onboarding the crypto train: fiat gateways hackernoon.com/onboardingthe-crypto-train-fiat-gateways-cdabdab paytomat. merchant web panel app.paytomat.com paytomat merchant itunes.apple.com/us/app/paytomat-merchant/id paytomat merchant play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.merchantpaytomat paytomat pos integrarons youtube.com/playlist?list=plvrvcjzjcmszssonbofsjgzllano paytomat wallet itunes.apple.com/us/app/paytomat-wallet/id paytomat wallet play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.paytomat paytomat medium blog hips://medium.com/paytomat/paytomat-july-upgrade-eoswelcomed-df sudhir khatwani. what masternode and how useful for cryptocoin investors coinsutra.com/masternodes dash. dash and decentralized governance blockchain dash.org////dashdecentral.html deloiie. making blockchain real for customer loyalty rewards programs deloiie.com/us/ en/pages/financial-services/arrcles/making-blockchain-real-customer-loyalty-rewardsprograms.html