the world's first decentralized marketplace providing ai-driven solutions retailers, manufacturers, and consumers company@osadc.io www.osadc.io table contents executive summary introduction the high cost empty shelves and damaged packaging who are our customers and stakeholders? existing projects retail technology comparison with direct competitors that use blockchain technology our current traction and achievements product roadmap technical aspects new client onboarding explained assessing the client data infrastructure setting and agreeing pilot project kpis generating the pilot alert algorithm calibration rollout decision in-store alerts and forecasts alert lifecycle alert categorization business execution controls for alerts forecasts categorization and delivery how create forecasts? osa core technology explained the main layers the big data layer the backend the frontend image recognition pipeline osa machine learning framework data science pipeline blockchain and tokenization our services smart contract kit osa tokenomics power the smart consumer. bc. introduction\power the smart consumer explained solutions shoppers concerns group blockchain group product master data catalogue group dynamic reputation rating group personal digital assistant (intelligent interface) digital environment for personalized shopping smart shopper economy osa business model commercial and marketing strategies under consideration osa corporate structure osa token sale osa coin and osa token explained token sale roadmap milestones proceeds distribution market expansion plan after the token sale the osa team and story why does matter? references list the figures executive summary osa decentralized (osa dc) the world's first decentralized ai-driven marketplace providing real-time solutions retailers, manufacturers and consumers. osa successful existing business established provide services for world leading consumer product retail and manufacturers, including coca-cola, pepsico, jti, mars, l'oreal, metro cash carry, and many others. after two years development close partnership with ecr organization that unites more than leading manufacturers and retailers, developed proof concept and deployed osa hybrid platform (osa hp) big data platform powered that manages products optimal shelf availability retail stores real time. optimal shelf availability the biggest problem global consumer retail, costing manufacturers and retailers billion dollars lost sales per year. caused business processes' inefficiencies along the supply chain and the retail stores. osa integrates with the big data systems the participating retail chains and then combines optical recognition and machine learning technologies issue alerts the in-store staff each time our algorithms discover there might problem with optimal shelf availability the products being distributed our clients. started scaling our solution, confronted number bottlenecks. first all, our solution implementation was resisted and times even sabotaged some the in-store staff, who appeared benefit from proliferation existing product tracking and accounting solutions, tampering with the data, with the objective fraud and pilferage. also revealed instances selling expired products, keep the waste levels within target levels. other instances included sales counterfeit products and other "creative" attempts maximize profit the cost the shoppers' health. secondly, more than out-of-stocks happen outside the retail stores and are caused the imbalances the supply chain, from the manufacturer all the way the retailer warehouse, and cannot solved the retail shop. the supply chain confronted two major issues complete inconsistency product tracking names, measuring units and solutions, and unwillingness share data due lack trust between supply chain members, particularly between the manufacturers consumer products and the retailers. having assessed these issues, eventually come the understanding that these can only overcome with the help blockchain, combination with set other breakthrough technologies. osa solution takes this stage further develops range technologies that aim overcome the obstacles identified implementation osa hybrid platform solution lack transparency across entire supply chain and "human factor". firstly, synergy and blockchain with smart contract functionality will secure supply chain members' data from manipulation and unauthorized access and will make transparent. secondly, creation product master data catalogue that will contain product name, visual appearance, model and comprehensive product information across product attributes. will allow analyze clean data and provide all members the supply chain with smart prescriptions. each product will include image recognition (ir) model, generated teaching synthetic data sets (unique technology developed our partner neuromation). functionality allows controlling generated tasks' execution shop staff, collecting necessary data real time and providing unique services the consumers and supplying chain members. these technologies, mounted top the existing big data platform, real time processing and machine learning will allow completely solve product availability issue, drastically reduce huge product write-offs and deliver tangible benefits the supply chain members and the end consumers. osa will make all its reliable product data available consumers, easy-to-use format. enriched with product and store performance ratings, this data will allow consumers make intelligent and conscious product and store choices and save consumers money save consumers time stay healthy and lead healthy lifestyle. osa will encourage consumers generate and share valuable consumer data that will guide manufacturers and retailers produce better products and improve business processes deliver better services. consumers will rewarded osa coins for generated data and will have wide range possibilities use osa coins, including purchase consumer products. osa decentralized solution creates unique ecosystem that unites various parties which are disconnected today supply chain members, data providers, data scientists, specialists, apps developers, computation power providers, laboratories, regulators and end consumers order develop myriads and services decentralized blockchain and smart contracts based platform, aiming help create better products and services the end consumer. osa coin fuel enable ecosystem operation, reward the ecosystem members for adding value and payment unit enable billions transactions between osa ecosystem members. the core element osa ecosystem will osa coin, which simultaneously tool for global osa solution scaling. the initial token for sale osa interim token, which erc standard token. after building own blockchain infrastructure for osa coin, that will ultimately meet platform's requirements transactions speed, cost and quantity (currently planned for the second half all token holders osa tokens will able freely exchange their osa tokens into osa coins the rate osa blockchain will serve the basis for osa smart contract infrastructure, which will enable key stakeholders our ecosystem namely: product vendors and retail store owners enter into smart contract establishing kpis for optimal shelf availability vendor's products. each product metric, like quantity, alignment and presentation the product the shelf, will tokenized using ose kpi tokens sitting top osa blockchain. introduction this white paper describes the optimal shelf availability decentralized platform, also known osa dc. standard term the retail industry, optimal shelf availability refers the immediate availability all the relevant goods retailer's shelves any moment time [mckinnon] [corsten gruen] airtight osa crucial increasing sales volume and profitability, customer satisfaction, and the overall efficiency retail business. the osa platform itself business project, developed team distributed between russia, ukraine, the united states, and israel. uses data science, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and optical recognition technologies improve optimal shelf availability for retailers and like businesses. this section the white paper, introduce osa dc's business concept and the problems it's looking solve within the retail industry and supply chain markets. addition, outline our customer base, existing competition, and our sources inspiration. we'll conclude describing our product's developmental progress and our current achievements, finally summarizing these details with our product roadmap for the high cost empty shelves and damaged packaging the retail industry loses billion sales annually from product shortages and understocked inventory [lee] data collected from more than consumers countries shows that, when shoppers can't find least one product they're looking for store, they typically one six things: find substitute from the same brand. buy similar item from different brand. delay their purchase. don't buy the item all. buy the item another store. exit the store without buying anything. most these alternatives are detrimental several aspects the supply chain's ecosystem [nickels]. depending the product category: dzh consumers faced with out-of-stock products won't buy similar item substitute the same store, while will another store buy the same item dzh only half consumers make their intended purchases when their desired products are out-of-stock, knocking off about profit for individual retailers annually the negative consequences stock-outs, however, are not always immediately noticeable. retailers and product brands either suffer them slowly indirectly; for instance, they may feel the effects the shoppers who report having given negative social media review suppliers retailers [pwc] the most likely outcome for consumer goods producers, though, losing hard-earned customer loyalty, as, for example, when customer buys pepsi instead coke. large-scale retailers often operate extremely narrow profit margins and suffer greatly when they lose shoppers their competitors. the situation somewhat different for premium retailers (e.g., whole foods, wegmans, publix) where out-of-stocks aren't common because they can maintain full shelves charging higher prices. higher prices also allow these retailers accept high product waste levels they are fully covered the extra margin. harvard business review notes, "the root the problem lies the lack transparency product flow between retailers and consumer goods manufacturers. once the manufacturing company ships its products the main warehouse of, say, major retail chain stores, has control understanding over what happens its products further. the only way that the manufacturer can try and ensure higher levels the on-shelf stocks push more stock the retailer. this does not help much solving the out-of-stock problem, only cases the problem occur store. remaining out-stocks stem from the stocks imbalances across the supply chain. the 'push' practice creates overstocks and contributes high levels product waste over total sales, billion dollars year" [corsten gruen]. addition stock-outs, much product unit shipments have some degree case damage, which also affects retailer and consumer brand's short-term financial gain and long term reputation [bodenheimer] according packaging digest (http://www.packagingdigest.com/packaging-design/damaged-packaging-potential-sourceserious-revenue-loss), "only percent respondents said they would pay normal price for food product with damaged packaging, with further percent saying they would still purchase but expect get discount" [lingle] recent mckinsey study examines how up-and-coming technologies could help the industry mop these issues, thus transforming how retailers operate and compete. for example, retailers and supply chain operations that have adopted data analytics programs have seen increase operating margins over the last five years. using data and analytics improve merchandising (pricing, assortment, and placement optimization) also helps retailers improve their operating margins [mckinsey] osa builds these improvements with our own existing solutions. with these, the platform aims solve the major challenges retailers face across the globe due the distrust and lack transparency that plagues the supply chain industry. consumer product manufactures and retailers drive their own agendas, and such, they are reluctant share data with each other. for fear weakening their negotiation leverage and leaking data competitors, they hoard relevant data for their own use only. along with personalized, closed-source data, each member the supply chain uses its own product tracking processes. make matters worse, the same products often bear different names within each these tracking systems, fragementing and dirtying the data for the purposes analysis. even within the same retail chain, found almost names for the same product depending the store, management team, and/or accounting system. this hodge podge system dissimilarities creates headaches for product tracking, forecasting, and planning. makes widespread overstocking and understocking all too common occurrences, both which result significant losses sales, dissatisfied shoppers, and substantial product waste. further, improper storage, transportation and handling inefficiencies, and in-store theft (often times perpetrated shop's own staff), exacerbate these problems. china gives the most infamous example supply chain trust gone awry. china suffered widespread food safety incident wherein milk and infant formulas were contaminated with melamine (when added milk, melamine gives the appearance higher protein content). the mishap afflicted roughly victims and hospitalized over babies. the company responsible for the crisis, sanlu group, added melamine cut corners, but turns out that they were not alone. according government inspection, other companies engaged the same practice. this debacle raised major concerns about retail food safety and led countries cease importing chinese dairy products. the ensuing case led two executions and resignations from several officials. following this episode and several similar cases, chinese shoppers now regularly spend more than for tins baby formula imported from australia and other neighboring countries. from this single example, it's easy see why consumers have low trust product quality and nutrition facts. studies show that consumers don't trust product information labels that promote the following standards: "healthy," "organic," "non-gmo," "no preservatives," "ethically produced," "kosher," "gluten-free," etc. since there's reliable method monitor confirm these promises, brands abuse consumer trust pursuit higher profits. still, consumers are willing pay premium prices for products that provide additional nutritional value, long they can justify that these added benefits are legitimate. lack product transparency even more egregious online shopping, causing consumers not insignificant source discontent. more and more, shoppers want detailed information about the products they are buying, such where materials are sourced and whether they were ethically produced. who are our customers and stakeholders? before making the move blockchain, osa's existing business has proven itself optimizing the shelf availability real time its multinational clientele. our osa hybrid platform solution have helped manufacturers and retailers alike improve their bottom lines, was proven the platform's pilot test program. launched this pilot was run large retail stores, and resulted sales increase across tested product categories vs. control panel and roii (return inventory investment) increase for the participating retailers. the pilot test was designed and implemented under close supervision from participating multinational manufacturers consumer goods: mars, l'oreal, danone, efes and jti. figure osa stakeholders map stakeholder role our ecosystem vendors, manufacturers independent suppliers the first parties interest. osa helps vendors increase their sales, minimize in-store issues, and manage marketing expenses. our points added value for this stakeholder dzh enhanced product display and verification dzh improved retailer adherence agreed product display and pricing standards dzh reduced stock-outs increase sales and profits dzh access data real-time dzh improved consumer loyalty reduce brand swapping dzh improved consumer loyalty, reduced switch-out stakeholder role our ecosystem our points added value for this stakeholder dzh competitive advantages for building effective retail presence dzh demand planning implementation enhance ingredients sourcing and improve cash flow logistics companies this layer simplifies the process during which products leave the supplier's warehouse route retail stores. its nature, this process vulnerable and, such, requires increased attention from all involved parties and will optimized using osa dc's flawless data flows. dzh improved delivery times dzh higher transparency for product transportation and handling conditions dzh better inventory and warehouse planning dzh closer integration with vendor's delivery and retail monitoring systems dzh point differentiation among other providers. retailers the backbone our ecosystem, retailers are the meeting point for products and their customers. their shelves provide goods for the end consumers, and they own the instore customer experience which our entire ecosystem depends. dzh less out-of-stock inventory, more sales dzh increased shopper loyalty, less shopper switch-out, and increased customer volume dzh cost optimization dzh roi return investment) improvement dzh trustful shopping environment built reliable data sharing and transparent product information dzh competitive advantages over other retail chains providing vendors with state-of-the-art monitoring solutions. end customers the consumer our end-goal, our most valued customer, beneficiary, and stakeholder. while our business built selling more end customers, dzh consumers won't have pay for all the inefficiencies and outof-the-stock losses vendors and retailers, making shopping much less costly stakeholder role our ecosystem also improves their quality life providing reliable product information and making responsible choices easier. our points added value for this stakeholder dzh less time spent in-store looking for the right products buy dzh more quality inventory and greater product variety improves customer health and makes the in-store experience much more pleasant. technology partners osa's platform complicated, multilayer technological protocol. the platform built integrate multitude party solutions that benefit our stakeholders. dzh trillion fc, the retail market could highly lucrative venture for party tech companies [statista] dzh partnering with osa leagues you with outstanding product development and business teams that have gained visible market traction dzh access big data infrastructure and clean data dzh osa serves the ultimate link between businesses and data science. data providers all members the supply chain are key data providers. apart from them, osa relies variety party data generate accurate forecasts and alerts. when using services the decentralized platform, consumers generate wealth unique data related shopping patterns, product predilections, pricing influence purchasing decisions, etc. with consumer consent, this data used enrich machine learning algorithms and improve services. osa enables fair share approach and rewards consumers for sharing data. such data invaluable for enhancing business solutions develop better products and services for end customers. dzh practical machine learning solutions analyze consumer provided data dzh dedicated team data scientists dzh reward consumers with osa coins their data used osa platform our clients for their business solutions dzh incentivize consumers provide data for certain activities (product purchase, feedback provision, etc) dzh consumers can use osa coins receive additional services through the osa platform, become eligible for special offers, purchase products. role our ecosystem stakeholder industry associations innovative technological solution, osa cooperates with various industry clusters and offers help creating added business value their members our points added value for this stakeholder dzh osa reliable and disciplined leader the emerging industry with proven track record dzh unique value propositions and discount programs for members industry associations infrastructure providers decentralized, ai-driven big data platform, osa requires mass amounts computing power enable neural networks, machine learning, blockchain records, and data storage. thus, will engage with infrastructure providers including mining organizations pool spare computation power higher margin than mining currencies themselves. dzh fair share approach for using mining power for the decentralized platform's needs (e.g., data mining) dzh access the trillion dollar and data mining market vendors, manufacturers and suppliers failure goods constantly available retail shelves and perfect packaging creates risk the consumer forgoing the purchase switching competitor which hands suppliers' competitors free ride, compared the average cost acquiring customer [kummerer]. product brand suppliers, such danone, suninbev and l'oreal are already using osa hybrid platform solution ensure quality presentation their goods when reaching consumers, when and where the consumers need it. osa cooperates with the following world leading fmcg vendors: logistics companies logistics companies are the link between suppliers and retailers, and consumer goods all kinds must stored, transported and handled product-specific ways. more and more, transportation trucks and similar vehicles are outfitted with gps and other communication technologies which allow businesses track the progress their shipments the supply chain and take action any disruptions should occur. give idea this technology practice, store owners are increasingly installing temperature and bio-sensors that register heating/cooling signatures that they can keep tabs handling conditions real-time. retailers retailers traditionally operate extremely narrow margins, and they face stiff competition with other retail chains and online retail. recent years, retailers have reported declining customer traffic and increasing business costs. combat these problems, they often cut costs and/or downsize staff, but this may only aggravate these problems [the future grocery] the situation somewhat different for premium retailers, stock-outs are rare and full shelves are maintained charging higher prices. this, turn, allows retailers accept high product waste levels they are fully covered the extra profit they generate. offline retailers (which represent the total retail volume and online retailers the total retail volume) [saleh] will greatly benefit from osa products. osa has delivered volume growth for its retail customers. has achieved this profit increase with aidriven staff management and real-time analysis understocked and overstocked products. total, this incremental sales growth ensures, minimum, roi money invested osa's services. and this just the beginning. upcoming osa solutions will continue galvanize retailer strategies, driving sales and optimizing costs while making the shopping experience more enjoyable for customers, well. for your business, osa can help you to: effectively manage floor staff, streamline inventory and delivery processes, reduce product waste, efficiently manage shelf space maximize sales, properly plan promotional campaigns, utilize optimum pricing models, and gauge consumer product preferences. provide services retail chains, which belong biggest retail chains. many more are various negotiation stages. consumers the biggest beneficiaries osa solution are the end customers. under current models, detailed the "high cost empty shelves and damaged packaging" section above, consumers suffer from supply chain failures and can punish suppliers and retailers accordingly taking their business elsewhere. what's more, consumers end paying more for their desired products when retailers have mark-up prices account for supply chain inefficiencies and product mismanagement. thus, osa's solutions can lower prices for customers retailers and suppliers revolutionize product management and business strategies highly competitive environment. additionally, consumers will have the ability search for available products listed the platform based their individual requirements, whether these come from diet, budget, otherwise. every product category has wide range product attributes, features, and specifications (e.g., organic, biodynamic, gluten-free, kosher, salt sugar free, safe for children, safe for pregnant mothers, artificial flavorings specific allergic components, manufactured without child labour, fair-trade, eco-friendly) you name it, and osa can help you find across the myriad providers and retailers its platform. you can even filter and identify these products with your smartphone. simply taking photo shelved goods, osa's augmented reality function, for example, can superimpose color schemes over products highlight green which products are suitable for pregnancy. this customer data creates the basis for alerts and forecasts for other customers, practice which compliant with international data privacy laws. comprehensive consumer benefits and functionality described chapter "power the smart consumer. bc" below this document. technology partners osa utilizes cutting edge technologies from companies such neuromation, which provides neural networks for various applications including image recognition (ir). this helps osa two ways: .we reduce our dependence internet connection, modeling device-specific .we create unique pipeline develop models using synthetic data, and thus, eliminate the need take individual photographs stores and label them manually our other technology partners include: dzh hacken: our cyber security partner. hacken helps secure all osa's sensitive data, well provide the platform with hackenproof service for smart contracts. dzh ambrosus: has one the strongest blockchain teams and similar application focus. have reached alignment join our forces develop blockchain solution, well test and implement temperature, bio, and other product sensors. dzh paytomat: our partner that allows consumers spend osa coins stores, hotels, and restaurants. addition, paytomat our crm partner together with loymax. data providers some key determinants supply chain and product demand disruptors include weather, deviant prices, promotions, popular events nearby, etc. for instance, summer months come with spike water and beer consumption, and product promotions can influence consumers buy product over product osa hybrid platform (osa hp) already pools consumer data from around open data sources forecast these purchasing factors. osa will similarly get the data from multiple open sources from partners, depending the individual objective (be they retailer, manufacturer, research firm). this vein, invite data providers become osa partner and monetize their data decentralized, fair manner. similarly, consumers will become one osa dc's most valuable data providers, and they'll have access the same rights any other data providers the platform. they consent provide the data, consumers will rewarded for their contributions osa coins, which can used purchase extra services, subscribe special offers, and receive incentives from manufacturers retailers. the platform grows, will possible use these coins purchase products from participating retailers, online and offline alike. industry associations osa works with associations representing suppliers and retailers create shared standards for data sharing boost supply chain efficiency. with one our partners, ecr, joint industry initiative that unites the world's major manufacturers and retailers across countries, we're working make fast-moving consumer goods (fmcg) retail more responsive consumer needs and create more cost-effective supply chain. ecr has been working the issue on-shelf availability since they elected osa their primary solution developer because our team's unique set expertise, our big data platform, and our transparent code and machine learning models. close cooperation with ecr, took years develop the osa hybrid platform. received enormous support and expertise from the ecr organization's members, who represent more than leading consumer goods manufacturers and retail chains. overall, osa hybrid platform solution was developed over experts from six countries, including those from the ecr community who contributed different stages its development. figure osa hybrid platform experts panel from the ecr community alexander tsygichka danone sergey perchenok efes viktor zhilyaev l'oreal alexey nikiforov suninbev alexey okhlopkov mars existing retail technology projects that serve sources inspiration and how differ complete toolbox for onshelfavailability problem solving figure categorization bn/existing retail data analysis technology ecosystems osa erp like sap bpm tool like terrasoft forecasting systems like jda one tool for individual task analytics agency like nielsen image recognition like trax kit like power universal tool focus product availability the self (real-time) figure inspiring projects retail data analysis technology solution type and example why does this solution stand out? custom, in-house solutions for large brick-and- mortar retailers retailers who can develop their own optimum shelf availability monitoring solutions with their existing infrastructure can certainly benefit from osa's solution for their data systems. obviously, "optimum shelf availability" not mean merely installing sensor prompt notification when the shelf becomes physically empty. how osa solution different? use shared costs business model lower the financial threshold for implementing empty shelf control solution for all retailers, not just the big players. the more clients onboard, the more affordable the service becomes. absorb all the costs and risks implementing and running the service. meanwhile, our clients benefit from partnering with team with cross-market expertise. this enables collect more insights and provide sharper, more finely-tuned algorithms. our current business model, the osa solution free for retail chains install, with installation costs being covered vendors interested getting better in-store sales volumes. top that, osa's solution contains much wider range valuable data vs. typical retailer data set. stand alone image recognition services for retailers like trax (traxretail.com) trax provides in-store product execution monitoring that helps retailers "win the shelf" with comprehensive, real-time view their store's performance across other retail channels. trax collects real life shelf pictures via sales reps, and these pictures are sent the trax cloud analysed. the sales rep then receives mobile reports and management teams get detailed assessments online. in-store execution precludes other important facets the supply chain. more than mere in-store services, osa enables customers understand and analyze issues before that product hits the shelves. besides image recognition, our supply chain monitoring tool set includes machine learning, statistical algorithms, and neural networks. speaking image recognition, our synthetic data learning algorithms substantially lower capital and operating expenditures develop specific model, well allow cover almost all store assortment and inventory (this crucial improve instore processes). also, osa-neuromation model implemented into individual devices, users can access and execute these solution type and example why does this solution stand out? how osa solution different? services without dependence internet connection. this very important feature scale services globally. seamlessly integrating with our own product master data catalog improved the ways which recognized data can used. for example, end customers can set their dietary limitations and get real time purchase recommendations based the shelf photo. services like trax can integrated into osa the technology provider for image recognition. forecasting systems like jda (www.jda.com) typically, enterprise forecasting systems are focused distribution centers warehouses retail store chain. the purpose the forecast avoid overstocking and ensure appropriate restocking, the forecasting period can vary from one day several weeks. osa not limited providing stock replenishment forecasts. our in-store alerts help customers better understand their current situation, whether real-time within the fastest data collection interval client's infrastructure can provide. osa's instore analysis helps proactively solve any issues and detect their root causes (e.g., price tag missing, product packaging damaged, expiration date issue). also provide product execution control instruments make sure that alerts not only arrive clients, but that the problems receive due and timely attention from the store's employees. market research agencies like nielsen (www.nielsen.com) currently, product/shelf availability data via market research agencies arrives within hours surfaced issue. addition this data, market research agencies can provide explanations for how the problem occured based prior research. their recommendations are usually standardized. our service can provide product/shelf availability data within maximum hour problem occurring, and administer proactive alerts for these issues the latter stages service development. this feature allows more involved the business execution process better serve both customers and store owners. the speed our problem tracking also enables more nuanced and insightful forecasting. our data science algorithms solution type and example why does this solution stand out? how osa solution different? process client information that relevant incident, and they provide action recommendations based the real-time data landscape and client's business record. further, image recognition and other instruments allow cover all products range sold large retail stores, including slow-moving products. business intelligence kits like tableau (www.tableau.com) tableau helps organizations unleash the power their most valuable assets: data and people. the system can integrated with multiple data sources, either with internal hardware the cloud. customers can choose from thousands templates with beautiful visualizations. osa enables integration with various enterprise level solutions via its external etl api. customers are not ready pay more for additional solution, offer our built-in tool sufficient enough for most daily tasks modern retail. osa does not only offer data visualization solution but also multilayer system. with this, aim assist the client improving product availability and placement while minimizing downtime. figure startups retail technology that inspire project blue yonder (www.blueyonder.com) why does this solution stand out? how osa solution different? blue yonder develops engine that calculates probability forecasts for end-to-end business processes with data from numerous item, store, channel combinations. this solution comes complete with stock replenishment and stock inventory optimization algorithms based retailer's inventory management policies. blue yonder also advocates for shift from weekly planning cycle daily planning cycle for retail businesses. osa not limited one vendor retailer pair. our technology integrates the retailer with all vendors operates and vice versa. integrate our solutions within our client's enterprise structure. thus, when discover shelf availability issue, address the issue with the proper employees within the business. why does this solution stand out? how osa solution different? team (www.riteam.com) the team provides cloud platform predict and mitigate stock-outs for retailers and brands. the retailer product suite makes sure that customers have access the products they want, maximising sales potential and minimising retail cost. the project's website claims that "making immediate interventions recoup sales, [the] item availability and saleability product consistently delivers more than increase sales". addition out-of-stock alerts, also monitor numerous other, more nuanced parameters, such shelf placement, damaged packaging, and product shelving mix-ups. also monitor the supply chain its entirety, problem occurs the delivery stage from the factory distribution center the store, osa will notify the clients the issue. moreover, addition issuing alert, also provide exact steps needed correct issue and executional control. aipoly (www.aipoly.com) this product developed the airpolyvision team and based its previous product: object and color recogniser helping the blind, visually impaired, and color blind understand their surroundings. osa does not stop with consumer behavior prediction algorithms within the store; also unite various data sources provide complete picture product availability, from factory unit store shelf. aipoly enables retail owners and suppliers analyze the movement both products and customers the real-time, while also providing instant notifications for stock-outs and sales. founders claim that airpolyvision's "can track items shelves intervals few milliseconds, making suggestions for ideal layouts, allowing fast a/b testing, producing heat maps, and lot more." more than offering more holistic prediction and analysis, osa also provides alert execution controls, that analysis transforms itself into action and clients can solve problems they arise. project nextorbit nextorbit cloud platform that (www.nextorbit.com) predicts and addresses out-ofstocks for retailers and brands. nextorbit's website does not provide any updatred information its current product status and business traction. based previous claims published nexorbit's website, this appears another single vendor retailer pair solution. osa has proven track record five retail chains eastern europe, and we've gone work with major international fmcg brands. also, osa provides better prediction and analysis, augmented execution control instruments. project ambrosus (www.ambrosus. com) why does this solution stand out? how osa solution different? ambrosus provides sensors for tracking supply chain products various industries and develops blockchain solution streamline the supply chain. combining hightech sensors, blockchain technology, and smart contracts, the ambrosus team building universally verifiable, communitydriven ecosystem assure the quality and safety consumer goods. supply chain traceability and product handling are important factors that contribute product on-shelf availability. far, most the sensor-based projects retail struggled because the high inventory costs this technology and ability hack the sensors. work closely with ambrosus integrate sensors into our platform and develop blockchain solution for the supply chain. combination robust sensors, biosensors, and food tracers assess and monitor the product's physical attributes and its surroundings down the individual unit. all this accomplished real-time with unique product ids, smart tagging, and anti-tampering mechanisms. ins lokad (www.lokad.com) the big idea this project remove retailers out the endcustomer supply chain providing vendors with direct marketing, communication, and delivery tools for reaching consumers. currently, the project centered around grocery vendors. the vendor consumer business model interesting and novel concept. however, the multi-billion dollar retail industry still exists and ready pay for real life solutions its problems. osa already solves number the problems instamart attempting neutralize, including product availability and supply chain monitoring. lokad looks optimize all finegrained supply chain decisions: when buy, how much buy, what stock, and when recount and provide end-to-end report your entire supply chain. lokad typically crunches numbers with three different datasets: list products sales history and purchase order history. lokad offers data connectors for most the reasons for unavailability stock the shelf are located within the last element the supply chain. these problems are related the correct placement the goods the store's shelf. traditional supply chain management tools not offer solutions analyze and manage this stage. project why does this solution stand out? many popular apps, and your app supported lokad, you can import all the relevant data into your lokad account just few clicks. how osa solution different? osa combines supply chain analysis with data engineering and data science, optical recognition, and provide multistage analysis stock availability. comparison with direct competitors that use blockchain technology not all startups retail are the same. you have questions such as: "are these startups not similar?" "with whom are you competing?", offer you criteria help you find the answers. positioning makes sense compare only the startups that have (partially completely) the same problem. our case the problem unavailability the product the shelf. the retail industry loses billion sales annually from product shortages and understocked inventory. all startups related solving the inaccessibility problem can positioned three steps: step startup offers separate feature complex solution. example features can include controlling the ingredients the product. alone, this service does not solve the problem entirely. however, can used not only for solving the problem unavailability goods, but also for other projects. step projects that offer complete solution are divided into two groups: those who propose build new retail infrastructure (e.g., robotic personal complexes) and those who offer optimize processes existing retail infrastructure. necessary note that the existing retail infrastructure has only about stores organized networks, and examples new infrastructure are far rare. step projects that offer comprehensive solution for the existing retail infrastructure can divided into two groups: those who offer integrated software substitute for the existing one, and those who offer addition existing software. this step, you need remember that there are not many ready-to-automate networks that have not yet implemented the core software. this means that projects offering automation from scratch would probably have stop using the old software. such processes require significant time and organizational resources within each transaction. functionality compare only the functions needed solve the problem inaccessibility. possible that some projects have additional functions not used the process solving the problem unavailability stock. these functions are simply not included the comparison table. blockchain blockchain's technological capabilities are quite diverse these days. that why not sufficient say that the solution will use blockchain. you want compare the solutions yourself, you need clarify why and how blockchain used the project. integration the product platform that can implement single data space for all integrated solutions, the product conditionally autonomous. history are there public cases implementation real retail, are there such cases. osa aipoly.com lokad splice machine retail robotics blockchain ins mojix origintrail.io ibm blockchain for food safety ambrosus radiostud.io provenance.org comparison criteria products offering separate feature positioning step offering comprehensive solution the problem offering solution for new retail infrastructure step offering solution for existing retail infrastructure offering complete automation from scratch step offering addition the existing infrastructure master data planning/supply chain management controlling ingredients controlling conditions transportation and storage monitoring the performance supply chain function data-driven search problems the supply chain (on shelf) iot-driven search problems the supply chain (on shelf) informing the executive the issue controlling the executive's method response the problem supply chain optimization marketplace external developers' services raw data hashing hashing sensory data blockchain kpi hashing smart contract can integrated into the osa platform integration history can integrated into the aipoly.com platform history implementations (public cases) our current traction and achievements within only two months launching the osa hybrid platform, signed million worth service agreements. the osa hybrid platform currently integrated with almost shops and track expand retail stores russia alone the end and have also started collaborating with the largest retailers russia. eleven consumer goods manufacturers already use the osa hybrid platform, and their combined market share the retail industry roughly these clients aside, there are more the contract finalization stage. leading consumer goods manufacturers and retailers such coca-cola, pesico, mars, danone, suninbev, l'oreal, jti, metro, efes, magnit and many others have started using osa hp. are finalizing negotiations with nestle, pepsico, unilever, diageo, mondelez, p&g, and others. well manufacturers, retailers, and retail think tanks, osa also cooperates with the following groups: distributors, logistics providers, data providers, weather forecasters, research agencies, computing power providers, data centers and/or mining farms (e.g. giga watt), data scientists, and iot and developers. product roadmap figure product development roadmap (it, r&d) april june july october november february march june july august november december march april july september october november december dzh team formation dzh product soncept developed dzh product concept test (mvp) dzh beta version introduced dzh data integration and test started dzh new machine learning protocol tested dzh product updated, osa technical architecture introduced dzh internal proof soncept (poc) approved dzh machine learning models updated dzh external poc tested dzh poc finished: sales growth for our partner companies dzh image recognition poc introduced dzh image recognition poc tested dzh machine learning models upgraded dzh new ui/ux solution introduced dzh new big data architecture development begins dzh integration with transaction data operators dzh master data catalogue tested dzh image recognition model developed for products (in partnership with neuromation) january dzh new big data architecture introduced dzh master data catalogue tests february dzh machine learning model enhancement may dzh blockchain smart contracts development (stage dzh blockchain testing june dzh image recognition model development for the next products dzh master data catalogue development august dzh osa choose eos blockchain for further development after its successful launch dzh image recognition engine training asian products models (showcase assortment) dzh image recognition engine: train products models (mini-market assortment) september dzh osa solution enhancement october dzh start solution development dzh digital assistant ver. november dzh finalize advanced blockchain technologies tests december dzh decentralized platform development (stage dzh blockchain solution enhancement (stage dzh enhancement solutions development for supply chain (stage start) dzh image recognition model development and functionality enhancement (stage start) dzh machine learning model enhancement dzh product rating system development (start) dzh functionality development (stage start) dzh blockchain development (stage decentralization) march dzh solution enhancement april dzh solution (poc start) dzh decentralized platform prototype test dzh functionality enlargement june dzh solution upgrade following usa and asian poc dzh image recognition engine upgrade and deployment focus markets july dzh product catalogue pipeline deployment august dzh decentralized platform poc tests october dzh decentralized platform deployment dzh solution deployment (ver.) dzh recommendation engine deployment december dzh solution enhancement and functionality enlargement (ml, ar, ir, iot) technical aspects new client onboarding since the osa hybrid platform has boarded clients and retail stores into our system. any measurement, these are impressive statistics even for established retail technology business. enable this growth, invested our efforts and technology into creating streamlined client boarding process. when working with new client, start brokering business agreement between the decision makers the client's side and the osa business development team. this business agreement usually formalized conventional paper contract via edi through either party's legal teams. our communications team then joins the process promote the new deal the general public, the client permits this publicity, that is. organized the next steps the boarding process into the flowchart below, and explain each major milestone this process the following subsections. figure the new client onboarding process assessing the client data infrastructure setting and agreeing pilot project kpis integration generating the pilot alert data cleansing calibration algorithms data enrichment rollout decision assessing the client's data infrastructure after brokering the business agreement, our technology boarding team joins the process conduct assessment the client's data infrastructure and sources. agree the data list for the upcoming integration and the methods and terms the data transfer. however, the integration setup requirements cannot less than our recommended minimum. this ensure that the client gets the most out the platform, the larger the data set they provide, the more features the platform will able offer. typical data set for new client boarding includes: catalog selling positions catalog categories catalog stores historical sales data for the last two years periodically updated current sales data (refreshed every minutes hourly basis) the client should also provide data their products' supply chain, however much they can produce. with before, the client can offer more detailed data for each element the supply chain process, then the platform can provide more detailed analysis pinpoint inefficiencies, inventory issues, etc. prefer receive all data through our protected partner data api. however, sometimes make temporary exceptions for the sake speeding the implementation process. this case, our client's employees usually upload the data manually into our big data layer. setting and agreeing the pilot project kpis after the client's technical team and agree data sources, routes and access credentials, time for the pilot test. the ultimate purpose the pilot demonstration our system and its key features the decision makers the client's side and enabling organizational knowledge formation the client's execution team. before they fully launch our platform, want make sure that they familiarize themselves with the platform's management and business execution tools. the client can get system for monitoring on-shelf availability may also want evaluate the pilot's roi. this case add the kpis the instruments for assessing business effectiveness. our usual method for assessing roi comparing the pilot and the reference group retail stores. generating the pilot alert after our technological team and the client's own agree data sources, routes, and access credentials, the pilot can finally come underway. this stage, establish the data exchange infrastructure with the client's team, well build the ai's necessary analytic framework. our machine learning algorithms will begin processing their first learning cycle, and they'll also start generate pilot alerts establish the environment and parameters that trigger these alerts. algorithm calibration after established all the necessary infrastructure and the first pilot alerts have been generated, start calibrating our algorithms. for calibration successful, in-field research team will constantly verify the quality the alerts generated our system. this team could consists our personnel alongside our client's employees and, times, even independent contractors. only members who have undergone calibration training may part this in-field research team. each member the research team tasked receive alert real time one the pilot stores, evaluate its relevance and accuracy, give feedback the system there mistake and, there one, discover the factors which might have caused the mistake. when necessary, the calibration process can include several cycles. with each new cycle, improve the next iteration the alerts system using feedback from the pilot's in-field team. the calibration process ends when alert accuracy meets exceeds the kpis agreed the pilot team. osa provides our clients with instant learning opportunities through our artificial intelligence framework and the enormous analytic capacity the platform's neural networks. our pilot program along with the calibration stage, typically lasts for one three months. rollout decision after the pilot complete, assess its output using the kpis and criteria agreed upon with the client before implementation. the assessment positive, integrate the service into the client's entire retail chain. depending budget, time constraints, and other factors, the integration might absolute split into various stages. during the integration, osa's team: dzh adds additional data sources and resources the existing data and infrastructure dzh forms machine learning models for the rest the chain's stores dzh performs additional calibration demand dzh trains permanent administrative personnel and in-field teams dzh generates execution specialists' map, which then used the task management kit and bpm kit push aler the calibration continuous process and lasts throughout osa's entire deployment. yet, after the initial rollout, the calibration predominantly managed ai. normally, the rollout stage takes months depending the numerous factors described above. in-store alerts and forecasts osa's alerts and forecasts are basic units added business value the osa ecosystem. alert covers situation that already occurred near real time, such juice boxes being shelved the soup aisle instead the juice aisle. while in-store sales management systems indicate that the juice box the shelf, the customer does not see the usual shelf. the vendor loses sales, the store loses customer loyalty one happy about the juice situation. alerts generation can enhanced optical recognition streams and sensors, the retailer's own in-store data infrastructure, customer's smartphone. all these can work together spot in-store irregularities and provide immediate and relevant notifications the store's employees. while alert helps customers make purchasing decisions based the past and present, forecast helps them plan for purchases the future. our data science module constantly monitors the client data that passes through our ecosystem. when its algorithms identify possible irregularity, the post processing service our backend starts calculating the chances for this irregularity arise again the future. this process like chess game, but instead moving the pieces, advise retailers the best move win the game efficiency. alert lifecycle can generate alerts for any element the supply chain any given moment time. alert generated algorithm within our data science service and sent the kpi service, which, turn pushes notification the end user via our platform's backend. our backend supports all customer accounts end user devices. the alerts regularity and frequency depend the user's settings preferences, which store the system's notification service. the regularity alerts also depends the speed data arrival from retail store's databases. the task management kit within our backend organizes alerts like tasks lists, which then transfer into the bpm kit business processes. currently, only deliver alerts the web interface. however, after osa's token sale, plan launch mobile application for ios and android. this business-focused app should not confused with the mass market osa mobile application, which enables consumers choose products based reliable information about product features and attributes, including dietary information well relating safety and authenticity various products. the mass market mobile application will covered separate section this document. not create universal algorithm for generating alerts. instead, create set algorithms individually analyze each element the supply chain and generate alerts issues arise any step the process. each algorithm corresponds with its own scenario and used solve specific problems. these algorithms will: analyze data for each element the supply chain use our machine learning framework (mlf) discover data anomalies formulate hypotheses the problem's possible causes pinpoint the most plausible hypothesis generate alert based the most plausible hypothesis verify the alert within the store itself perform mlf followup based feedback from the real store to: correct the machine learning algorithm case the hypothesis failed record successful hypothesis, when applicable, and examine the possible explanations for this success perform business execution control functions for alert with the bpm module figure in-store alert lifecycle supplier in-store warehouse logistics center store shelf partners data collecting the raw data party data providers sales data data science module weather data pricing data alert events promo data alert validation holidays edi problem solving geo data plus sourses execution report plus sourses alerts categorization figure example in-store alerts alerts for in-store personnel dzh there are goods the shelf dzh the shelf stock for this product critically low dzh this product out stock this store dzh the warehouse stock for this product negative/critically low/below the purchase level dzh this product inventory store erroneous dzh insufficient product shipment arrived store dzh the supply for this product arrived late prematurely alerts for logistics department dzh the product absent from the distribution center warehouse dzh the product stock negative/critically low/ below the vendor order level the distribution center dzh the distribution center has erroneous record the product's inventory dzh insufficient amount the product arrived the distribution center. dzh the supply for this product arrived the distribution center late prematurely dzh the distribution center's stock order for this product insufficient dzh the in-store stock order for this product insufficient business execution controls for alerts each alert targeted and addressed the relevant employee according the execution specialist map. for each alert type, create status tree, which records the the relevant supply chain paty's store's response this alert. the status tree may include the following options: dzh default (predefined) preferences dzh text inputs dzh numbers inputs dzh photo capture/upload status trees status tree may have hierarchical structure that includes five levels. few example status tree's functionality and process work: dzh the product the shelf take photo. the employee responsible for acting this alert will then have select one the following responses: all product placement requirements are met (osa generated alert mistake) there price tag the product perished the "best by" date expired the shelf dirty other (in this case, the employee will have explain this reason separate text field) dzh there product the shelf take photo. the employee will then have select the following responses: the product not available the warehouse the product displayed incompletely (the employee can take photo and input the quantity displayed goods select lacking components). bpm kit the backend manages the response workflow. the bpm logic module stores the created status trees and executes the actions chosen the employee. the kit then allows these employees monitor the business process performance generating execution reports. execution control steps osa's alert system designed complete end-to-end solution for the entire problemresponse process. this way, exclude the risk human error and make sure that the task completed without any issues. alert first arrives into the task list the employee responsible for executing action response the alert. this employee can only react within the osa prescribed limits business process, which fully register and record the user data storage our backend. every execution step the alert being processed, the system assigns particular status the alert execution. for example, status tree may begin with the task taking photo empty product shelf register generated alert osa's artificial intelligence engine. or, the store uses our image recognition technology, the technology may the first spot the out-of-stock product and issue the alert. this happens, our service will automatically assign "unavailable the shelf" status the product. then, the platform will examine the warehouse stock's database for this item and automatically assign "unavailable the warehouse" status after making sure that there zero stock this product its inventory. the logic that the client feeds into the task kit will manage the alerts list for the end customer. include variety options for the alerts this list, and clients can select the alert list display style that will best match their organization's workflow. for example, one our clients might need employee build itinerary for in-store inspection after getting series alerts. this case, our system will organize the alerts list build the most optimal itinerary, one that agrees with decisions made the boarding team. another client might need employee prioritize alert reactions based the largest loss volume value. osa would sort and display alerts order the largest profit loss per product. any given moment, our clients will able generate performance report for the employees responsible for executing tasks. the report will based the actual nature the alerts and their statuses. clients can filter and sort through the alerts the report based reaction criteria, time reaction, and other attributes alert execution functions and people involved. the client should first create workflow for this report the kit, and its profile would stored the logic system. when the workflow ready, employees who serve task execution role will able generate the report for their organization. forecasts categorization and delivery use forecasting for two our platform's key strategies. the reactive strategy covers alerts for problems that have already occured, while the proactive strategy creates alerts for events which are likely occur the future. let's examine the reactive strategy first. all the alerts that osa generates can categorized into two key groups: dzh alerts based direct data. for example, data sent the client's accounting logistics systems that measures the amount product units available warehouse's stock. generate alert for this, would compare the warehouse stock with our system's data the sales rates for this product. dzh alerts based indirect data. might, for instance, figure out that product currently missing from the shelf retail store unequipped with optical recognition software for automated shelf monitoring (more than the cases). this situation, will use indirect data relevant the specific store, such hourly product sales combined with various other attributes and data sources. the case sales data, forecast potential sales based data from previous timeframes. the actual sales data for item drops significantly, very likely that the product not available in-store. the forecasting period vital here. the less time takes resolve the problem, the more business value the resulting alert will deliver our clients. before created osa, the minimum forecasting timespan retail was hours. we've managed decrease this time within one hour with frequent sales data collection from participating stores. also use around other sources big data selected important from around the calibration stage speed this forecasting time even more. now the proactive forecasting strategy. after accumulate alerts history various business processes for client, can use our machine learning framework forecast potential alerts for future events. proactive strategy, the alert will recommend preventive measures. how create forecasts? how forecast and ensure high forecasting precision? use component-based forecasting, consisting combinations information ensemble methods. use substantial amount relevant historical data train our models. during training, our models discover non-obvious trends product sales, including seasonal factors, weather, marketing activities, tie-in sales, etc. the working model for forecasts continuously adjusts itself depending the current sales data, and we've shortened the sliding window for this adjustment down one hour. the alerts our model generates are selectively completely validated in-store teams, depending the team size and the number participating stores. model discovers mistake, requests feedback from the in-store teams and automatically incorporates during the next adjustment cycle. use complex models, each which have configuration that optimized for performing specific tasks and analyzing specific data sets. make our approach differ from conventional forecasting protocols, started experimenting with imitational modeling, creating simulated models real life stores, which are based historical data from other supply chain retailers. osa also represents product sets personalized purchase history with semantic vectors forecasting. for this process effective, highly important cleanse the time series data various figure forecast types traditional time-series-based forecasting techniques dzh adaptive selection from pool of: dzh moving average, moving median alternative forecasting techniques dzh simulation modeling dzh semantic vectors for purchase history dzh exponential smoothing, holt-winters models dzh arima(x) dzh artificial neural networks (ann) dzh gradient-boosted trees anomalies, and so, perform statistical data correction the first stage forecast's lifecycle. after cleansing the time series, launch number data forecasting models that are trained perform various product-related tasks. using these models, build forecast for each product hourly basis. finally, use the resulting forecasts form various alert types well calculate the necessary kpis. key feature this process, also use forecasts research data trends for the time series question. figure forecast creation lifecycle data storage provides time series data statistical correction provides data cleaned anomalies training forecasting models provides trained model for forecasting forecasting generates input for various algorithms helps discover and set the most efficient business metrics improving the further data analysis generating alert kpi data mining hypothesis osa core technology explained this section explains the major technological elements our platform, which outlined briefly the introduction. start with the big picture laying out the three major technological layers osa core. then, expand our explanation into osa's three major technological competencies: optical recognition, neural networks, and data science. figure deep dive into osa core public data api backend layer frontend layer etl user data storage user data storage post processing service web interface notification service app reference data data engineering etl internal api load transform kit logic data storage bpm kit bpm logic raw binary data kpi task kit task logic log sensor alert data science main api big data layer extract etl external api private data api chat bot the main layers osa core can visualized set functional layers our service's main architecture. the big data layer consists collection data sets, processing services, and two apis. the first these apis, the etl external data api, connects all these services the outside world, while the second, the etl internal data api, responsible for transporting data between various data services and the platform's backend. the backend layer supports our business logic and executes various business processes. after the big data layer generates alerts and forecasts, the backend layer delivers these client's employees and generates custom reports for these employees depending their business role. clients use the backend layer render real-time analytical data for any problem occurrence they want, depending individual employee team responsibility area for specific process that was agreed the onboarding teams. the analytical function that pools data updated regular basis, giving employees sufficient time react any changes. our experience with successful onboardings eastern europe, very few retail business units can provide quick enough data updates fully qualify for the real-time nature the system. there's any bottleneck here, usually the client's data sources, not osa core. finally, the frontend layer performs all the typical backend tasks delivering our added value units the implementation team interfaces. currently osa platform uses only web interfaces for this task. however, there are also mobile and desktop applications and chatbots our product roadmap and our technology development teams are already working the architecture that will support them. now let's examine each layer greater detail. the big data layer when working with big data, the most difficult challenge making order out controlled chaos. built our etl module for this reason. etl stands for extract, transform and load, and refers process that integrates data from multiple sources create unified reference data catalog. the data the catalog comes from various third party and/or client data sources, and could include numbers, locations, and other varied business parameters within the store itself. there are two types party data, both having their own application programming interface (api). can also extract this partner data from public data sources, commonly referred "open data" [auer others] such data usually distributed based open license akin those used for software open-source community. will fed into the osa etl module via the osa open partner data api, protocol created specifically for this purpose. luckily, the amount relevant open data available for creating added value for our clients constantly growing [wood] more and more governments and private entities release the data they own the public under "open" license. example, imagine this data being used for traffic information reports electric power outages. addition open data, also acquire data from various commercial services providers (this data includes things like weather forecasts, events scheduled close vicinity the store, etc). usually, such data providers require take necessary steps protect this data from unauthorised access, use our etl module process this data through the osa protected partner data api. our client decides use automated data acquisition via api, use the osa protected partner data api get data from data sources the client's side. partner data api with its bidirectional functionality, the partner data api can send receive data. our cooperation with image recognition partners provides great example this bidirectionality. first, supply in-store photo goods image recognition partner's server. afterwards, this same partner provides with image recognition results, and our partner data api serves the avenue for both transactions. addition our partner data api and etl module working together, our big data layer has two comprehensive system apis that send processed data and from our big data ecosystem. the internal etl api exchanges data between the big data modules and various backend modules inside the osa data infrastructure, and the external etl api exports data from big data modules the client's third party data processing platform, such the external bi, bpm, erp systems. one client, for example, might have business intelligence solutions like tableau, qlik, oracle already installed. obviously, such specialized full scale solutions have multi-million dollar budgets and can provide more space for customization than osa's bi. understanding this, happily provide our clients with real-time data transfer from our various big data modules into their standalone enterprise solutions. therefore, the client will have the advantage using enterprise standard that augmented data exported from our data engineering and data science modules. the reference data catalog the reference data catalog (rdc) stores data that the etl module has extracted and processed. reference data data that acquired from the client and various data partners and then prepared used the data engineering and data science modules. rdc contains data sets with unified product descriptions, product nomenclature, and library product images and visualisations. this approach solves the following issues for the retail industry: issue retailers and vendors use different names for the same product. this problem complicated when vendor starts working with various retailers. ultimately, this makes creating sales reports for single products unnecessarily difficult. our rdc merges various product names into single, unified identifier. this simple solution substantially improves the quality resources required for data analysis. issue the effectiveness forecasting models depends, among other things, the variety collected data and the set factors that osa takes into account during forecasting. retail data research usually limited product data that mentioned receipt (brand, product name, quantity, time purchase, etc.). such limitations usually narrow the scope the forecast and its accuracy. fix this, use the osa reference data catalog substantially improve the quality the forecast. for instance, can discover growing trend certain product sub-category because the rdc keeps track product interrelations along with product names. issue significant product updates may serve frustrate the end user. combine rdc with optical recognition automate product searches based the end user's in-store preferences. the data engineering module another major element osa's solutions that generates added value for our clients. consists set mathematical algorithms that our network consistently runs through data reference pool search irregularities. soon discovers irregularity, issues alert with the notifications service our backend, which then delivered the relevant end user the platform's frontend. the data science module adds further value our system. whereas data engineering powerful tool based simple math algorithms, data science based probabilistic model and thus offers more sophisticated approach data analysis. put non-technical terms, data engineering about understanding past and current events, while data science about forecasting the future. therefore, more than just generating alerts, the data science module also generates forecasts. the data storage module has name that speaks for itself. this module umbrella for various storage submodules, such raw data, binary data, kpi and alert storage, sensor data, and log data. the backend the user data storage distributed between both the backend layer and the frontend layer. stores various data generated end user well metadata related this user's role, organization, and the user's position within the organization. the backend side user data storage manages profile info, login and password info, the organization's name, employee roles/positions, access rights, and and bpm profiles. also distributed between the backend and the frontend layers, the main api ensures that data flows smoothly between the two layers. currently, the main api works only internally within our ecosystem. however haven't ruled out opening third party users the future, well enabling third party voice-recognition personal assistants like apple's siri, amazon's alexa, samsung's bixby, microsoft's cortana. the post processing service module creates unified data environment for our end users. makes sure our end users get all the information they might need, taking into account their position and role within the organization. this service also stores all data profiles and responsible for updating them regularly. notification service stores customer notification preferences and preferred notification channels that can send relevant system notifications tech support and alerts/service information the end user. our backend's business intelligence, business process management, and task modules share common architecture, namely kit and logic. the kit allows end users authorized client representatives set customized data models and establish rules for work and dataflows. the logic then executes these rules and provides the end user with validated data. business intelligence module provides templates and widgets for data visualization. use highcharts data visualization library provide functionality, professional library that provides all the key visualization templates. use line, column, bar, and pie widgets for graphing purposes most frequently. the business process management module (bpm) manages reactions various issues and tasks within the osa platform. the reaction process actually algorithm, standardizing workflow streamline tasks and problem solving. standardization enables employee evaluation, well automated monitoring and reporting. use the bpm kit create workflow reactions and the bpm logic store and apply workflow templates. the key principles our bpm architecture are: all the bpm features are limited the event reaction model alerts, the key event types, can have various iterations, depending the algorithm that generated them events can also standalone tasks not directly related optimal shelf availability event reaction manifest workflow, structured either linear sequence oriented graph the reaction can composite (i.e., can include consecutive set reactions from several employees) the bpm kit allows clients design workflows with various action choices: action/task confirmation, photo capturing, photo recognition, number inputs, comment additions, task delegation. are also working adding new actions the platform stores workflow's current status. essentially, this means executing employees can postpone and resume tasks will. also means that our platform can issues real-time progress reports for the employees who execute these tasks. task management module manages the task list employee executing platform commands, and personalized kpis define the employee's task list, its layout, and the task's prioritization rules. its core, the module focuses minimizing mistakes task prioritization. the module has the following default modes: basic mode: the tasks get sorted according their lost sales potential in-line mode: the tasks are prioritized provide maximum possible product offering the shelf map mode: helps managers optimize product movements within their stores' retail space. that our platform conducts background analysis the retail space configuration perform automatic optimization the merchandiser routes within the store. the frontend our frontend provides interface for users interact with platform functions depending their needs and their role within the business. plan expand the service delivery channel from current osa's web interface mobile applications for ios, watchos, and android, desktop applications for mac and windows and create chat bots for facebook messenger and telegram. figure screenshot osa web-based end user interface our frontend and backend communicate via the osa main api. the future, the main api will support third party client applications, well, which could range from white label versions osa's platform any third party applications that have implemented the main api. the frontend also hosts parts the user data storage, which responsible for transferring content and from end user devices. this data might photo product shelves, end user's personal data, cached data necessary for expediting service the client's side, timestamps describing end user's actions. image recognition pipeline figure the image recognition process explained ecr lab reference data catalog ecr osa image generation osa visual recognition service visual recognition partner visual recognition api text response (plu no###) training plu visual recognition model visual recognition service visual recognition partner the ecr lab extracts information product's visual, textual, numerical, and marketing attributes. during the optical recognition process, the lab retrieves the master copy the product packaging pdf form some other graphic, either directly from the vendor scanning the packaging. the system automatically recognizes and immediately registers the product's attributes and transfers this information the osa master data catalog. the reference data catalog then aggregates all the information regarding product and its attributes, namely: ingredients, properties, dimensions, description, packaging, optimal storage conditions, associated marketing, promo campaigns, and nuanced attributes pertaining specific product categories (e.g., free artificial flavors and colorants, sugar salt free, safe for use during pregnancy, etc.). the catalog will also track changes these product attributes the goods make their way through the supply chain and its stores. any and all visual information from the reference data catalog transmitted image recognition provider, who then creates model the product. this model used generate set images train the recognize the d-rendered product's real life counterpart store shelves. ensure this recognition, the model composed multiple pictures with different lighting compositions and shooting angles, and each image tagged with the item's product identifier and in-store supply chain coordinates. after images are completely rendered, the network transfers them the neural network train the visual recognition model for the corresponding products. once this training finished, the image recognition functionality available the partner data api responsible for establishing two-way connection between the image recognition provider and the osa core. utilize the image recognition function, client would send product image the osa core network, which would then retrieve response from the image recognition provider with the product's coordinates and general information. osa machine learning framework osa's machine learning uses framework formalized machine readable logic replace manual functions and human decision making processes. one might guess, the ultimate goal our machine learning framework replace manually-executed network tasks and minimize product management errors, thereby increasing the speed and accuracy with which the system oversees optimal shelf availability for our clients. the figure below demonstrates typical workflow within our system. understanding the business problem. this stage, get together with our key stakeholders define the client's main business problem that our algorithms are meant solve. the methodology analyze issue may vary from ethnographic interviews with the relevant personnel industry group debriefings. the purpose this stage discuss the issue with the client better understand how can help them, even this means testing out discovering new features for our model. analyzing existing data, collecting additional data. this stage, ascertain the exact data osa will need deliver successful product. for example, client's store might located next competitor. thus, product's fluctuating demand may dependent the competing store's discounts and promotional campaigns. analyze these factors and product trends external client's store help them pinpoint why other stores are selling products that they've failed move. feature engineering. this process involves transforming the data collected the previous stage into format that allows osa train machine learning/ai models. using misplaced bottle apple juice analogy, the features this product might the following: figure osa machine learning workflow assess the client's needs and business concerns analyze existing data and collect additional data more data/more feature engineering? data preparation (feature engineering) modeling model validation error analysis the model accurate? optimization and deployment dzh what item's product category? dzh what the price competing products this category? dzh how long was product absent from the shelf? dzh when did the product arrive store? dzh what the stock/inventory this product certain store? dzh how many times should this product have been purchased since the last time actual sale occurred? this feature engineering uses neural networks discover relevant competing products. for instance, osa can collect cashier receipts and train our neural network understand which goods are typically purchased together. modelling. this step involves using the neural network's various machine learning techniques like neural networks, gradient boosting trees, and adaptive selection. inspired neuroscience, neural networks are computer systems that consist interconnected nodes, much like your brain's interconnected network neurons. gradient boosting trees build prediction models producing ensemble weak decision trees, after generalizing them optimization arbitrary differentiable loss function for classification and regression. adaptive selection algorithms choose the best model from pool pre-existing ones order adapt changing environment. train our models using these techniques. the training process results set rules, coefficients, and interconnections which the machine learning acquires from each data set. use test data sets and training data sets guarantee the model's prediction quality and accuracy after implementation. when training data sets also train our data model, which will then validated using test data set. model validation. this step the process, use model validation pick relevant test data and determine appropriate metrics use for the model. these metrics include system precision, the system's product recall, roc auc, and mape. let's use our favorite juice box example explain the metrics use for model validation: dzh precision how likely osa correctly predict that the juice box absent from the shelf? dzh recall how often did osa detect that the juice box was absent out all times when actually was absent? dzh roc auc (receiver operating characteristic area under the curve) the probability that model will more likely rank randomly chosen case juice boxes absent than randomly chosen case juice boxes present dzh the harmonic average the precision and recall dzh mape (mean absolute percentage error) forecast accuracy metric that defines the difference percentages between juice box brand's sales forecast and the actual quantity juice boxes sold dzh recall certain precision level defines the correlation between recall and the set precision levels after picking the relevant validation metrics, apply them validate the model. the validation successful, deploy the model and becomes part our machine learning framework. the relevant metrics yield insufficient outcomes, then this signals osa perform additional data collection and feature engineering. data science pipeline osa's data science core includes components that provide different types alerts. forecast algorithms provide series forecasts for products based each time series and hour. the time series are tailored each in-store product. the more forecasts the system produces, the more we'll able build complex models and improve our feature engineering define and resolve problems with product on-shelf availability. the promotion detection algorithm identifies there are any promotions available elsewhere for each in-store product. usually, retailers have access planned promotional data but actual, real-time promotional data, but this algorithm gives them access such data gage product pricing against competitor models. related products detection algorithms identify competing (substitutive) and accompanying (complementary) products using neural networks and point sale data. this information will help define whether sales problem results from understocking sales bias towards product substitutes (e.g., consumers are buying nesquik instead chocolate milk directly). the feature engineering component transforms data create features for further classification model training. active learning components gather relevant, labeled data increase model efficiency metrics. this component defines which labeled data the most useful for the model before like data collected in-store build the model. the classification algorithm provides trained models with relevant product information based in-store labelling. the labeled data validation component used guarantee that data labelling accurate and meets system standards. includes visualization tools accompanied with photos made in-store users check whether labeled information correct. data storage external component that includes all the relevant data collected from available sources, such retailers, producers, and party data providers. the data science core extracts initial data from this storage component and, after extraction and analysis, restores the calculated data back into the data storage. blockchain and tokenization our services data integrity persists the primary concern any big data ecosystem retail. this concern spans the integrity data inside the ecosystem itself (infrastructure, servers, data storage) and the integrity the data sources that feed information into the ecosystem. started researching blockchain technology for its potential role solving data integrity problems within osa's own network. the end result this research, the osa decentralized platform, completely re-engineered version the osa hybrid platform. incorporates various iterations blockchain technology (e.g., distributed ledger technology, smart contracts), and engineered its tokenomics ensure that generates added value for each stakeholder and that value creators are properly compensated for their contributions the network. osa's modus operandi predict, locate, and react the myriad events that occur throughout various stages the supply chain process. each event and our enhanced understanding such event contributes improved optimal product availability. this section, introduce osa coin, the native crypto currency osa's private blockchain. top this blockchain, also introduce ose tokens, series tokens for each business event that will occur within osa's ecosystem. each ose token represents business kpi for specific use case individual store, such the number juice boxes that should always available on-shelf the beverages section specific store. the kpi measures the price the smart contract gage function's worth relative other network functions. explain our smart contract kit below this section. developing and implementing private blockchain takes time. that why for the purposes this token sale introduce temporary erc-based osa token. osa token will operational until our private blockchain ready for the production stage. that point osa tokens will circulate alongside osa coins the rate one one and will gradually replace them. total quantity osa tokens and coins will remain unchanged, each issued osa coin will replace osa token. figure osa smart contract infrastructure party party business agreement smart contract ose token osa core ose token ose token event event kpi data hash event contract records contract execution party osa coin party osa coin how will osa token become osa coin? tokens run top existing blockchains, ethereum being the most popular one, with its erc token architecture custom built for the purposes token sales. unlike tokens, coins are based their own blockchain. order create such blockchain the core team new coin can decide develop from scratch. alternatively, and this the preferred option for most core teams they can fork blockchain which already exists. osa about inventing new use cases for blockchain technology, not reinventing the blockchain itself, decided fork. given the requirements the osa marketplace requirements, the key criteria were identified the ability process endless number transactions, including micro value transactions, real time, and very low cost gas, again, accommodate micro transactions. after preliminary analysis, our blockchain architects landed shortlist three possible blockchain technology providers: ethereum, neo and nem. mijin nem those three, selected mijin nem. mijin based nem blockchain that runs crypto, which among the world's top-, market capitalization. mijin corporate permissioned blockchain. combines the hash rate and flexibility distributed ledger with the confidentiality and security private protected peer-to-peer network. why use permissioned blockchain? case osa, lots sensitive data will travelling through our blockchain. this includes number customers certain store, their routes and routines, preferred goods and services, etc. undoubtedly such commercially sensitive information cannot shared with the public without some preliminary moderation. permissioned blockchain offers access control layer the organization implementing it. course, this feature comes together with certain degree centralization. however, the role the server the access node the permissioned blockchain limited only managing the access privileges. such server does not have influence the content and data integrity within the blockchain serves. therefore, permissioned blockchain will provide confidentiality and data protection osa clients, while still guaranteeing the integrity the data travelling between vendors, retailers, technology partners and our system. proof-of-importance mijin based proof-of-importance (poi) consensus algorithm. proof-of-importance subtype proof-of-stake (pos) consensus. like pos consensus, poi relies the amount coins each node owner has vest the blockchain become masternode. however, nem introduced additional parameter titled "local trust value" top the traditional pos. local trust value relies set mathematical formulas and the ranking algorithm called "ncdawarerank" calculate the exact reputation each masternode. these technical measures will make osa blockchain more resilient and resistant attacks malicious nodes. transition from osa token osa coin osa will launch its mainnet mijin blockchain. speaking terms traditional product life cycle testnet akin alpha release product mainnet the commercial launch. from the date the launch will start exchanging the circulating ethereum-based osa tokens mijin-based osa coins rate. this will implemented order speed the transactions time and make them cheaper. usability osa token however, since the launch osa mainnet will gradually exchange and burn all osa tokens, that within several years osa coin becomes the main currency our ecosystem. one the major drivers for the liquidity the osa token will community expectations based how well osa performs its roadmap. contributors, holding more enough osa tokens (exact number tbd) will able file application become the masternode until deadline that will announced separately. after that deadline the applicant masternode will have acquire osa coins order qualify. liquidity osa coin after its introduction, osa coin will become the base currency our ecosystem. our clients, vendors wishing ensure optimal shelf availability their goods retailers seeking use osa solutions maximize their margin and increase customer loyalty, will enter into smart contracts. the currency those contracts will osa coin. each time new vendor joins our platform and signs their first smart contract, this vendor has acquire new osa coins either from exchange from individual participants our ecosystem who already earned them some way. the more vendor traction will have, the more transactions there will osa blockchain, and the better will the usability osa coin. the increasing amount transactions will also cause second liquidity booster incremental growth masternodes osa blockchain. know from the section masternodes: launching new masternode osa blockchain requires vesting certain amount osa coins establish proof-of-importance. this amount quite substantial and equals the fee from certain number transactions (tbd) the average smart contract transactions osa blockchain, determined the time the detailed technical forecast. this means the prospective owners osa masternodes will also become substantial financial contributors our ecosystem, providing usage boost for osa coin its growth stage. smart contract kit after completing our token sale, will unravel the osa smart contract kit. whenever vendor and retailer implements osa and creates product availability kpi, they will enter into smart contract. each kpi will have assessment scale, and participating retail chain meets the kpi standards set the vendor, that retailer will receive fixed dynamic payment osa tokens. figure osa smart contract kit events dzh calculating kpi certain moment time dzh activation sensors (sensor data collection) dzh retrieving image recognition results dzh creating, editing, deleting document within the edi (including creating new document deleting exsting) conditions dzh event occured not occured remuneration dzh fixed dzh dynamic dzh and /not dzh equals more less dzh accessing osa data storage dzh writing data the database fixed remuneration means that the kpi has one threshold. for example, the amount juice boxes available store's shelf was more than for least days this year, then this store met its kpi and will remunerated with osa coins. dynamic remuneration means the kpi variable, consisting various thresholds. returning the juice box example, juice box availability could scaled such: figure dynamic remuneration for juice boxes days when sufficient number juice boxes were available the store's shelf dynamic remuneration scale osa coins over osa coins over osa coins below remuneration obviously, dynamic remuneration more efficient for both parties provides more flexible incentives for the participating retail stores meet their kpis. thus, dynamic remunerations deliver more value the vendor. osa tokenomics one blockchain's clearest benefits its ability provide transparent, fair share each the network's stakeholder. our tokenomics can grouped into three major categories: smart contracts and the parties signing them (i.e. vendor and retailer), platform fee that's fairly split between ecosystem participants and contributors, and the master node that supports the entire blockchain network. let's take closer look each these categories. figure osa blockchain fees structure osa coin ose token "variable fee thecontract price agreed bythe parties token for event service the variable fee (z) the contract price agreed upon the participating parties master node team remuneration pays osa coins becomemaster node>> compensation masternode owners gets osa coins forproviding master nodeservices>> osa infrastructure fee technology partners' compensation data providers' compensation represents the platform fee, where master node team remuneration pays osa coins become master node compensation masternode owners gets osa coins for providing master node services osa's infrastructure fee technology partners' compensation data providers' compensation the smart contract using osa's smart contract kit, will tokenize optimal store availability kpis for vendors and participating retail stores. obviously, both vendors and retailers will responsible for negotiating smart contract price and token payout based the kpi and the level service expected. the contract price set osa coins the parties free will. can provide guidelines for establishing contract price that fair and motivating; however, osa does not influence control over the vendor and retailer's agreed-upon price. each tokenized kpi will come top osa blockchain. the tokens that record kpis (ose tokens) won't listed traded exchanges. rather, they record the kpi's values that proper remuneration may occur between the parties upon meeting the requirements. the osa coin and osa platform fees the osa coin the lifeblood the osa blockchain, the transport layer for ose tokens, and the trigger that enables the osa smart contract kit. top these functions, osa coin also the major economic medium the osa ecosystem. after its introduction will convert all osa tokens from this token sale osa coins and replace osa token with osa coins, meaning any willing party will able exchange osa tokens into osa coins well acquire osa coin and participate our ecosystem. the market will derive the economic value osa coin from the arithmetic averages all the platform's smart contracts that are based its blockchain plus osa's platform fees consisting remuneration various participants the added value chain the osa platform. the nonexclusive list osa's platform fees includes: osa team remuneration. yet another essential element any commercial blockchain ecosystem. the proceeds this token sale cover our current financial needs. however, that osa can sustain itself the future years from now), need secure additional sources financing for our team. compensation for masternode operators. will describe masternodes detail below the next section. but for now, masternode compensation incentivizes node operators support the ecosystem. osa infrastructure fee. outside blockchain and distributed computing, our ecosystem needs legacy technology support all its apis, the fundamental elements osa core, and our office printer. the infrastructure fee makes supporting these old-school services possible. compensation for our technology partners. this type fee makes osa ecosystem attractive various technology providers and incentivizes them provide our customers with the cutting edge technologies. particular, covers costs for image recognition platform (neuromation (www.neuromation.io), our primary provider this field). compensation for data providers. these fees allow osa draw from the best data sources available the market, which ensures outstanding business results. have intentionally chosen refrain from listing exact percentages for each osa's platform fees. doing would premature and hasty our part, final fee metrics will largely market-driven providers and users agree rates for each service. for example, might establish partnerships with major business data provider that creates substantial value for our customers. obviously, based the principles supply and demand, this will likely increase the access fee for these data providers our value distribution model. provide another example, the price cloud storage and cloud computing services might decrease, storage technology, microprocessors, and core computational applications become increasing advanced and cost-efficient. this will cause osa's infrastructure fee drop. the master nodes and large, proof-of-work blockchains are becoming less popular. proof work energy consumption raises international concerns, innovators the cryptocurrency space have questioned sustainability and dependency mining method for ensuring distributed consensus and network integrity. this why have opted use master nodes under proof-of-stake system secure osa's network. under proof-of-stake model, validators are chosen deterministically the network validate transactions and solve the mathematical problems that generate new blocks. these validators serve the same function miners, except they don't compete with other validators mine blocks. rather, they stake the network's native currency (in this case, osa coin) core wallet that runs the network's software, and then the network chooses them validate transactions and build blocks based how many coins they have staked and for how long they've staked them. all participants network are called nodes. pos poi consensus-based blockchain some nodes perform additional technical and administrative functions, like storing the most current version the ledger voting determine the future features this blockchain. they are called "supernodes" "masternodes". establishing masternodes will sufficient for stable functioning the osa blockchain. obviously, will cover this "required minimum" using our internal resources. adding new masternodes will make osa blockchain faster and resilient. within the current configuration are ready accommodate masternodes. any willing individual corporation that was cleared the access node can launch masternode osa blockchain. top that, each masternode then has vest certain amount osa coins and keep this vested amount available all times. failure will lead permanent disqualification this masternode. besides the minimum vested amount requirements, each masternode will also have comply with certain information security, privacy and data integrity requirements. the core team osa will conduct regular audits verify masternodes all those parameters. failing masternodes will disqualified permanently. additionally, our partners hacken will run community-based rolling bug bounty program make sure we, not hackers, are the first discover our bugs. how will masternode owners get their osa coins? like miners proof-of-work consensus systems, masternodes get compensation for performing technical and administrative functions. when mention the "disqualification" masternode above, only means this node will become regular node and won't receive the masternode fee. this rule will applicable the owner the node question only will only fail the masternode rules our blockchain and will not commit any crime fraudulent act, which might lead the violating node being disconnected from the system, launch the criminal proceedings the authorities the relevant jurisdiction. power the smart consumer. bc. vision aim create new era retail: smart consumer retail smart consumers: they make intelligent choices based unique personal requirements and needs using reliable and transparent product information i.e. full ingredients list, comprehensive product attributes and features, product ratings, origin, provenance, storage and handling, price, etc., available the shoppers their fingertips, via digital electronic assistant. product's ratings shall based peer-to-peer recommendations. envision, that product (and manufacturer and retailer) ratings will become the key currency grocery retail, forcing the manufacturers improve products quality better satisfy consumers' needs and retailers improve the service levels. consumers' power: shall unite consumers into single powerful community, giving them the power over both the manufacturers consumer goods and the retailers. that consumers will able tell what products they really want, when and where and what prices. responsible consumers: over time, the osa-trained electronic assistant will able manage the amount purchased products order reduce the domestic spoilage levels, saving all purchased products that currently get wasted. healthy consumers: shall aim partner with medicine and health protection, and combine consumers health tracking data with recommended products. this will allow create that shall identify previously unknown patterns and develop healthy diet for each person the planet according his/her individual characteristics, provide preventive health protection. with that shall defeat obesity, diabetes and cancer! introduction retail industry, ever since its conception, constantly evolved, changing paradigms along the way. revolutions change the previously accepted rules and create new economy. right now the global retail the mid revolution. power brands first revolution the fast moving consumer goods retail (fmcg) called the power brands, started with the appearance the big brands, which became essential part mass culture. this revolution coincided with the baby boomers generation rise. big brands significantly facilitated product choices and lead stereotypical purchasing behaviors the stores. overriding trust big brands allowed the shoppers avoid the necessity having compare multiple available product choices every time when doing shopping. the flip side was the shoppers' willingness surrender the control over products' ingredients. compromise was reached, where the brand had offer acceptable range attributes, whilst constantly maintaining media presence, and the consumer had surrender products comparison, products choice and the ingredients control. power retail chains consolidation the retail chains brought about second retail revolution the so-called power retail chains. this revolution coincided with the generation rise. retail chains offered tangible logistical benefits shoppers, placing everything needed into one shop, thus significantly reducing time spent shopping. having amassed sufficient scale, the retail chains obtained significant leverage over both shoppers and the manufacturers consumer goods. this lead compromise where the retail chains offered the shoppers acceptable product range and simple logistics. return, the shoppers had surrender the search for the alternative product range and price control. these revolutions have lead creating conflicts between generations: each compromise was and large maintained the generation that reached it, whereas the following generations would reject this compromise unacceptable. therefore, the bigger the time lapse between generations, the higher are the ensuing tensions. shopping experience most influenced the following issues: trust brand product seller trust product composition and ingredients trust proper product storage and handling easy find the product easy select product easy choose product price control (price awareness) shopping routine grocery shopping time consuming need for change the intensity clashing pressures varies depending generations affects. grows inversely the shoppers age and reaches its maximum between generations and years from now these generations will make the majority economically active population and generate the biggest amount purchases. generations and therefore are the key interested parties breaking down the existing structure compromises the fmcg retail industry. happens that these generations are the most professional users the digital environment. power the smart consumer explained third fmcg retail revolution technology driven. technological developments allow shoppers break through both big brands information monopoly, and the retail chains logistical monopoly. this revolution impacts millennials and generation available technologies allow shoppers search and compare infinite numbers products, based pre-defined preferences, and both manufacturing and logistics will have adapt the new digitized consumer needs. are now seeing only the first wave this new revolution. the shoppers massively use social networks and topic chats provide product and seller related feedback and comments. this effectively destroys brands' informational monopoly. but the revolution will only get full swing when the shoppers obtain set comprehensive solutions their key concerns with shopping listed above. solutions shoppers concerns approaching the development the shoppers solution framework, have grouped the shoppers concerns around the technological pillars that are capable solving them. group blockchain combines the following shopper's concerns: trust product composition and ingredients trust proper product storage and handling solution for this group problems based blockchain ledger registry manufacturing, transportation and handling processes for each product. these processes are traced via sets sensors, assigned every product unit and can easily retrieved demand. this allows shoppers their personal digital assistants verify that the particular product fully made organic components and was shipped and handled full adherence the prescribed conditions. group product master data catalogue addresses the following shoppers concerns: trust product composition and ingredients easy select product this group shoppers' concerns addressed creation the unified product master data catalogue. product data the catalogue enriched with all attributes that are specific the product's performance characteristics. these characteristics can objective, subjective, relative contextual. these attributions allow link product usage experiences each individual consumer. this allows shoppers their personal digital assistants make sure that any chosen product, for example: does not indeed contain salt another specified ingredients and was liked the majority other shoppers with similar product preferences. further on, taking into account the required weight volume the chosen product, personal digital assistant can work out the most efficient logistics. group dynamic reputation rating (game logic) .trust brand product seller nearly impossible digitize all the factors that influence shoppers' satisfaction from the purchase. yet, the vast majority these factors are centered around processes, motives and strategies the manufacturers and retailers. some cases, these are indirect subjective evaluations completely unknown factors. attempting generate this data rely the game theory methodology. develop dynamic ratings system, which then used generate additional attributes and features for every product (or manufacturer consumer goods) and retail store (or retail chain). ratings can grouped global, local and individual and can applied the specific decision making problem solving process initiated shopper personal digital assistant. ratings system immune tampering. using this option, shoppers their personal digital assistants can choose required level expected service when selecting the appropriate store chain, product quality performance, when choosing specific product. group personal digital assistant (intelligent interface) the following shopper concerns fall into this category: easy find the product easy choose product price control (price awareness) shopping routine grocery shopping time consuming this group concerns addressed with the help personal managed digital assistant. trained accumulating, analyzing and processing personal shopper's data, including the purchasing history, shopper's preferences. personal digital assistant capable processing available product offers during and either independently planning purchases, formulating purchasing strategies and deciding purchases, supporting the shopper making his purchasing decisions. assistant also provides optimal products logistics and delivery. all data encrypted and released platform third parties upon explicit shopper's consent the need-to-know basis, enable services provision. how organize decisions the personal digital assistant? each the sections described above modular set the core the cloud platform. together they make the core. core platform analyses shoppers' requirements, assesses the modules' relevance and applicability and provides optimum modules combinations best address them. modules and services interact the platform way micro transactions fueled internal crypto currency. platform's strategy lies generating maximum affinity and reach, within minimum time lapse. achieve will offer platform services for use other partners. partners can build digital shopping environment for specific target audiences. will effectively offer our marketplace the owners retail stores, brands, sites mobile apps literally any service that has more less constant target audience develop their own digital environments for personalized shopping. digital environment for personalized shopping digital environment for personalized shopping developed based the so-called identified shoppers target group. key objective the customer journey lead the shopper through the purchasing process, leading successful purchase. the environment consists the platform services which are used lego modules best reconstruct particular customer journey. each service module solves separate problem along the customer journey, ultimately leading scoring positive impression from purchase. platform envisions using the following services develop the customer journey. profile kit set intelligent user profile generators, based generated personal data. they manage personal data access, encryption and crypto currency transactions. ingredients data tracker keeps blockchain secured track record sensor data related product ingredients provenance, and feeds this data into the platform. delivery data tracker registers blockchain secured sensor data related products storage and handling conditions along the supply chain the shop shelf, and during delivery from the shop the end consumer, and feeds this data into the platform. storage data tracker registers blockchain secured sensor data related products storage and handling conditions the shop shelf, best before date and feeds this data into the platform. search, comparison and choice kit set instruments for the real-time intelligent product search, comparison and recommendation, based predefined user criteria. kit recognizes products captured mobile camera from photos and accompanies recognized objects with augmented reality elements. also manages recognition models training. kit manages and activates augmented reality objects using fixed markers (qr). kit creates and manages virtual reality environment. logistic kit interacts between local, glocal and global shipment and delivery options, plans routes and timings. shopper assigns which data will used his personal digital assistant, which data will available selected partners and global services (i.e. global ratings data). smart shopper economy the lowest denominator any module the platform separate service unit. service unit obtains necessary entry data, processes and passes back the customer the next service unit customer journey. entry data has cost associated with it. gets processed, data gets added value this the cost service execution. charged service value complex tasks will require sequence service units executed the platform. shopper pays for the service provision way micro transaction the platform's cryptocurrency, osa coin. platform collects the payment for the services execution. engaged party environment owner may choose receive not mark-up, after all his objective take the shopper successful customer journey and receive profit from the sold goods services. platform economic model will balance between osa coins flow into shoppers' wallets and needs the platform deliver services. consider using three options balancing mechanisms: coefficients management services cost balanced within every environment diversification income: dzh possibility open access data third parties i.e. allow platform services analyze shoppers purchasing data dzh introduce payment for shopper data collection i.e. every time shopper points camera the shop shelf, the platform will purchase taken photos for processing and rendering purposes dzh sponsorship certain services brand store environment owner. provide shopper with flexibility and ease managing his platform account between cryptocurrency and fiat currencies. osa business model business model "freemium" based revenue share: the beginning the business model set allow retailers get free charge service while consumer goods manufacturers pay for the service, whilst increasing sales volume its products and optimizing costs, including conducting expensive regular retail audits. both participating retailers and manufacturers get sales increase. when particular retailer requires additional services the platform, osa charges for service based revenue share agreement. consumers (shoppers) are approached through service and are compensated both retailers and manufacturers. osa business model "triple win". participating businesses profit from improved efficiencies and synergies, provided osa solutions. consumers and shoppers benefit paying less for products participating retail, not having waste time looking for the products suiting their needs and staying healthy making intelligent and smart product choices. our planet benefits from dramatically reduced waste levels. commercial and marketing strategies under consideration project consists two parts and bc. commercial strategies: our scaling strategy based pillars: through existing consumer products and retailer chains customer base (global regional corporations); through establishing local offices and operations key markets and approaching local customers; and through establishing local partners base (we are negotiations with d&t and ey, integrators and other consulting providers). dzhwe are very well connected within the consumer product retail industry. are the strategic partner ecr (association that unites biggest retailers and manufacturers countries the world). will leverage all ecr events and other opportunities showcase our solution and attract clients. participation the previous ecr events russian federation and italy has attracted tremendous interest from the manufacturers and the retailers alike. had put many negotiations hold lacked resource scale and properly manage the new customers and pending the ico completion. dzhwe are member biggest retail association nrf. have not yet fully leveraged nrf and are confident that presents significant opportunities for finding new clients. dzhour team consists from well-connected and well experienced consumer product retail industry professionals, knowing how the big corporations operate and who and where best contact order get things going. dzhas have been doing for the last years will continue participate leading retail events cgf, ecr, nrf, fma and others. dzhwe plan become the sponsor cgf and ecr supply chain and activities. dzhwe will continue participate leading events. commercial strategies: through contracted retailers loyalty programs campaign for various communities partnering with startups providing technologies and content for leading device manufacturers enhance their capabilities (samsung, apple) osa corporate structure the corporate structure osa project includes the following companies: osa decentralized limited ("company") business company incorporated accordance with the laws the british virgin islands. the company organizes and conducts process the osa tokens sale, will create the osa tokens and distribute them the community. the company will also contract with entities and agents for the development the osa platform and its underlying software, well for marketing the osa ecosystem order foster community around it; e.e.c. extra entertainment corporation limited business company incorporated cyprus. its purpose develop, operate and maintain the osa platform and help foster community around the osa platform. this company will hold rights related the osa platform and will issue licenses the company and other affiliates. such assignment right the separate entity will strengthen osa corporate structure and eliminate risks related holding rights. should noted that the osa project intended exist for long-term period, that means that the corporate structure and the companies' roles described above are not binding for the osa management team and can restructured adjusted and when deemed necessary. legal status osa tokens and osa coins osa tokens and osa coins (the "tokens") not grant participation the issuer (the "company") its assets. the tokens not provide token holders with any ownership other interest the company. acquisition the tokens does not present exchange cryptocurrencies for any form shares the company the company's assets, including intellectual property. token holders are not entitled any guaranteed form dividends, revenue distributions, and voting rights. the tokens not represent loan the company. the tokens neither debt instrument bonds any kind nor any other form loan advanced the company. acquisition the tokens, whether through the token sale otherwise, does not grant token holders any right claim company's financial any other assets. the tokens are not securities any jurisdiction. this white paper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort, not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment, does not pertain any way initial public offering share/equity offering, and does not pertain any way offering securities any jurisdiction. the tokens are not intended marketed, offered for sale, purchased, sold, traded any jurisdiction where they are prohibited applicable laws require further registration with any applicable governmental authorities. not recommend buying the tokens for speculative investment purposes. the tokens not represent any other financial investment instrument. particular, the tokens are not and shall case understood, deemed, interpreted construed as: (i) any form financial derivatives; (ii) any commercial paper negotiable instrument; (iii) any form investment contract between the relevant holder and any other person; (iv) any commodity asset that any person obliged redeem purchase; (v) any note, debenture, warrant other certificate that entitles the holder interest, dividend any kind return from any person; (vi) the rights under the price difference (margin) contract any other contract whose purpose its intended purpose ensure profit avoid losses; (vii) structural units the collective investment mechanism the institution joint investment, including trusts and investment funds. the tokens are not currencies any jurisdiction. the tokens are not currencies issued any central bank national, supra-national quasi-national organization, nor backed any hard assets other credit. the tokens are non-refundable. unless otherwise provided applicable legislation strictly set out the legally binding documentation sale the tokens, the company not obliged provide token holders with refund related the tokens for any reason, and token holders will not receive money other compensation lieu the refund. osa token sale osa token explained figure osa token quick fact token name ticker website hard cap usd minimum buy-in blockchain optimal shelf availability token osa www.osadc.io million limit ethereum (erc token) hardcap fixed usd. the distribution osa token calculated weekly according the eth/usd rate, published kraken.com. tokens are minted the end the token sale accordance with the hardcap. tokens that were allocated for the sale but weren't sold will burned. up-to-date information related the tokens issue available osadc.io the osa token section. eth-to-osa rate during token sale eth osa july st, entered the public sale stage osa token sale, and the token price was raised osa per eth accepted currencies: eth, btc, ltc, bch, etc token sale roadmap figure osa token sale roadmap date march may event private presale, whitelist registration opened may july public presale july july public presale, stage july august public osa token sale days after the token sale ends* tokens distributed contributors *we reserve the right extend the distribution the tokens additional calendar days, particular, the case deem necessary conduct additional alm and kyc checks respect certain contributors. milestones figure osa token sale milestones amount $mln financed from generated profit business expansion plan token sales contribution purpose blockchain technology development integration and data science development cover with service entire suppy chain master product data catalogue fulfilment including image recognition model per product (russia, products) decentralized platform infrustructure development (alpha version) enhance osa functionality (app, chatbot, new interface, voice management) master product data catalogue fulfilment including image recognition model per product (usa, products) consumer edition alpha version business development usa, korea, china, japan master product data catalogue fulfilment including image recognition model per product (japan, china, korea, products) catalogue infrustructure improvement blockshain infrustructure furhter development (smart contracts and payments inside the osa ecosystem) applications infrustructure development product rating system creation (based game theory: consumer feedback, ingridients rating) decentralized platform infrustructure development marketing, promo, master product data catalogue fulfilment including image recognition model per product products) digital assistant bc. product tracebility functionality enhance datascience and teams product catalogue enlargement cameras functionality development for image recognition (ir) services image recognition services enhancement augumented reality (ar) fumctionality development and devices integration international machine learning r&d center set (fundamental science research) develop aiaas for consumers and manufacturers new services (promo) new services (pricing) new services (assortment) bockchain payment system development for retail product catalogue enlargement business development scale the business scale the business singapore and malasia scale the business japan and korea israel, canada, australia marketing, promo, scale the business latin america (brazil, mexico, argentina) reward system development including prescripive analytics and recommendation engine scale the business india scale the business africa region suppliers contracting based blockchain proceeds distribution figure osa token sale proceeds distribution product catalogue and image recognition development core product development r&d business development team salary and advisor fees marketing and promotion figure osa token distribution token sale (public) business expansion partners advisors team and early backers retail incentive data science community incentive r&d incentive legal and finance bounty secure fund vesting tokens allocated contributors during the public pre-sale and public sale, including bonuses accrued, will locked for ten months following the token distribution. upon the end each month following the token distribution, the locked tokens, including bonus tokens, will gradually released from the lock-up. the remaining tokens will locked for twelve months following the tokens distribution and gradually unlocked during year period; during this time, tokens will released every twelve months. those, only can unlocked within the twelve months after the token distribution spent platform development needs--this contingent positive market dynamics. tokens allocated partners and advisors will gradually unlocked starting the year after tokens distribution according individual agreements. tokens allocated team and early backers will locked for period years with gradual lock-out. the number tokens released from the lock-up will correlate with the platform development milestones and the growth osa's services. market expansion plan after the token sale figure osa market expansion roadmap january april october november july august october november january july dzh osa working group formed fmcg retail experts dzh startup team creation dzh partnerships with l'oreal, efes, jti implement osa hybrid platform dzh first retail chain integration dzh partnership with coca-cola implement osa hybrid platform dzh proof concept (poc) begins dzh partnership with danone implement osa hybrid platform dzh poc finished: sales growth for our partner companies dzh partnerships with mars and suninbev implement osa hybrid platform dzh partnership with neuromation dzh partnership with dla piper for business support the usa august september october november dzh demo presentation the p&g global and ecr europe dzh onboarding new retail chains (metro c&c, among others) dzh company registration the usa dzh awarded place the intercontinental startup battle silicon valley dzh awarded place davos, switzerland dzh selected top- project live sharks tank san francisco, december dzh demo presentation for deloitte's head global retail practices (followed discussions for global cooperation) dzh workshop with ecr czech and tesco retail chain prague dzh osa hybrid platform partners and integrates with retail chains and manufacturers january february dzh workshop with economic institute france paris dzh meetup with double chain dzh meeting with deloitte march dzh usa office established california dzh awarded place seoul, south korea dzh office setup korea august september october dzh token sale dzh business development team enhancement usa dzh office and business development team set china dzh blockchain labs workshops asian academic institutions november december dzh office and business development team set japan dzh retailers approach for proof concept solution usa, china, japan, korea dzh blockchain labs workshops january march april june july august dzh blockchain lab asia with top universities region dzh marketing osa decentralized focus markets dzh poc usa dzh poc china dzh poc japan dzh poc korea dzh further business expansion usa and china dzh solution marketing usa and china october november dzh further business expansion asia dzh decentralized platform deployment and promotion focus markets three focus areas: scaling the existing solution detailed this white paper. focus solution integration the us, china, korea, japan and russia. developing our technology create service for end customers and businesses. delivery and in-store management this service product information app ensure that consumers are making healthy purchasing decisions. the osa team and story our strategy and vision lead, maximilian musselius, graduated from lomonosov moscow state university. speaks six languages and the executive director efficient consumer response (ecr) russia. max created one the most successful ecr units the world, leading him secure position the co-chairman ecr europe. while leading ecr for the last decade, max developed and implemented edi technology for the entire industry his region, launched the master data catalog initiative, and organized six annual conferences and seven separate quarterly working groups. since max has been tackling challenge that plagues russia's retail industry more than most: the understocking issue organized retail that affected all product inventory (ecr data), one the worst the world. response this, max assembled working group ecr members launch pilot work towards solution. among these members was alex isaiev, ambitious fmcg veteran with over years experience variety roles, ranging from sales, marketing, supply chain management. alex was key account manager japan tobacco international the time, searching for project that would serve hallmark for his midlife professional career. the duo pitched their idea barry leventhal, the internationally renowned data science expert. barry responded with suggestions what technology the team should use. also connected alex and maximilian with development team based the ukraine who had previously approached him with related product idea. the ukrainian team was early stage startup, established yuri dukhnich (product lead), oleksii potapenko (ai lead), oleksii bezruchenkov (backend lead) and ihor koval (frontend lead). the project had excellent technology and product ideas support it, but lacked brand name, sufficient funding, and business development team. luckily, max and his ecr working group had budget, management experience, and connections the world's largest fmcg brands. after number meetings, both teams decided join their efforts. this point, the team had developed their minimum viable product (mvp) and started looking for retailer who would agree launch pilot. the first retail chain bite was perekrestok, one russia's leading retail chains. denis shulga, the supply chain director retail group, the managing company perekrestok, and yuri leonov, the commercial director that time, helped onboard osa's mvp, which all ecr members allocated small budget. with the pilot's launch, became clear that the new venture needed the full-time commitment its key founders. max couldn't offer this dedication, for was and still committed his industry stewardship role ecr russia alongside his strategic role with osa. the contrary, alex decided not only join full-time, but also invest his personal funds into the company's growth, thus cementing his role the team's leader. the team now financially self-sufficient, while ecr, represented max musselius, provides only strategic industry guidance. after perekrestok's successful pilot november other members ecr approached the osa team enquire about launching pilots for their own stores. this time, the team decided explore the potential optical recognition technology solve inefficiencies in-store monitoring. the team reached out andrew rabinovich, who developed computer vision and machine learning algorithms for photo and video annotations google for roughly decade. when reached out collaborate, andrew was working magic leap and advising the aiblockchain startup neuromation, helping pioneer synthetic data unique data-sets for deep learning algorithms optical recognition. andrew then connected alex and max with neuromation's founder, maxim prasolov. this networking played each party's favor, neurmation ended becoming the main optical recognition service provider for osa. maxim prasolov and his team also inspired alex conduct token sale for the osa platform. since alex, max and yuri have looked blockchain the technology prevent data loss and forgery, two problems that continue negatively affect retail industries developing countries. unlike many icos that don't have working product, osa's hybrid platform has already delivered tangible solutions multiple retailers. given this success and the practical application blockchain for supply chain tracking and inventory management, it's easy justify osa's token sale and the function its blockchain ecosystem. among other goals, the purpose the token sale expand the osa team, business, and technology global scale. the team rebranded their project the optimal shelf availability decentralized platform (or osa dc) reflect the new trend the project's development. before this rebranding, ruslan pyshnyi and esther katz joined strategy and communications lead and chief communications officer, respectively (esther previously held this same position neuromation). currently, osa onboarding five pilot integrations russia with metro cash carry, magnit retail russia, dixi, azbuka vkusa, verniy, retail group. during our product development, the team confronted three large scale crises. each these enabled better understand our business, improve our product quality, and expand our team. the first crisis marked gap between our business development and product development teams. became obvious that the tech team could improve its understanding the nitty gritty business operations, while the business development team definitely needed brush-up the product development side things. result, invested several months swapping expertise between teams and reinventing our product. the second crisis led abolish our product planning's release timeline. the market started demanding faster reaction its product requirements, ended implementing agile sprints. this approach enabled adapt more flexible product implementation that included continuous customer feedback. the third crisis demonstrated that our client's needs are growing faster than our capacity implement solutions. this caused look our product from different angle, shifting from single product solution the entire osa platform. within this platform, concentrated our efforts improving infrastructure and key functions, leaving secondary features, such ir, third parties. blockchain has become perfect instrument for enabling this infrastructure. why does matter? international scale, online retail certainly becoming increasingly popular, and it's expected eventually supercede offline retailers the dominant model the industry. however, expect traditional brick-and-mortar retailers stick around longer than analysts predict. currently, offline retail attracts total retail sales volume, and even with the advent online alternatives, continues grow impressive annually [invesp] this growth is, part, due in-store shopping's undoubtable advantages, ones that consumers are not going easily give (would you, for instance, buy produce online you can't look at, feel, and measure the quality that produce?). full list in-store shopping advantages are listed below: figure reasons consumers shop stores instead online want see/touch item first want try the item concerned products look different delivery takes too long shipping costs are too high product too valuable buy online enjoy the experience going the shops have the shop anyway want verify the authenticity touch/try product return process too complicated shipping not trust online security want talk salesperson enjoy experience other source: global online customer report, kpmg international, nevertheless, modern technology constantly reinventing retail landscape that continues play pivotal role the daily lives its customers. like hyperloop city stations interwoven with real-time data modern cities, the new retail paradigm will provide ambient shopping experiences assisted cutting edge ai, ir, and machine learning technology. data engineering algorithms like osa's own will make sure customers enjoy instant and highly relevant purchasing recommendations instead mere advertisements. these recommendations will based customers individual profile, which they will voluntarily submit. and they'll not from force manipulation, but because they trust the technology's developers and the ecosystem which these services operate. are building the osa decentralized platform with the philosophy trust mind. launched our project after years researching our value proposition and working with our pilot prototype. our team's collective experience and efforts culminated our pilot with one russia's most respected retail networks, which was also sponsored the world's most consumed fmcg brands. and have even more retailers and vendors lined test our technology. now, our only limitations are gathering the best data and technology available and hiring the best engineering talent. since major international technology corporations are also hiring this field with their multimillion dollar budgets, it's hard stay competitive. nevertheless, managed organize unique team developers and engineers who know their stuff--and we've already built lasting solutions for leading retailers worldwide. our token sale all about scaling. and would like use this opportunity scale osa not only relation its budget; also relation market vision and exposure our project the global retail technology market. just three years since its conception, our technology has already outgrown its domestic market. please help take our vision the international stage. believe this journey will fruitful all involved, both the osa team and you, our respected reader and future community member. avanti con amore! references mckinnon, mendes, nababteh, in-store logistics: analysis on-shelf availability and stockout responses for three product groups. international journal logistics research and applications. volume issue logistics research netwok conference (lrn https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/./ daniel corsten, thomas gruen, desperately seeking shelf availability: examination the extent, the causes, and the efforts address retail out-of-stocks. international journal retail distribution management, vol. issue: https://doi.org/./ calvin lee. demand chain optimization: pitfalls and key principles. https://www.gsb.stanford.edu/sites/gsb/files/publication-pdf/white-paper-demand-chain-optimizationpitfalls-key-principles.pdf daniel corsten, thomas gruen. stock-outs cause walkouts. https://hbr.org///stock-outscause-walkouts fred nickels. the r's retailing the digital age. http://independentretailer.com////the-rs-of-retailing-in-the-digital-age pwc. achieving total retail: consumer expectations driving the next retail business model. http://download.pwc.com/ie/pubs/-pwc-ireland-achieving-total-retail.pdf gene bodenheimer, mitigating packaging damage the supply chain. http://www.packagingdigest.com/supply-chain/mitigating-packaging-damage-inthe-supplychain rick lingle, damaged packaging potential source serious revenue loss. http://www.packagingdigest.com/packaging-design/damaged-packaging-potential-source-seriousrevenue-loss mckinsey. the age analytics: competing data-driven world. https://www.mckinsey.com/~/media/mckinsey/business%functions/mckinsey%analytics/our% insights/the%age%of%analytics%competing%in%a%data%driven%world/m gi-the-age-of-analytics-full-report.ashx total retail sales worldwide from (in trillion u.s. dollars) statista: the statistics portal https://www.statista.com/statistics//global-retail-sales kurt kummerer. average customer acquisition cost industry http://kurtkummerer.com/customeracquisition-cost the future grocery nielsen https://www.nielsen.com/content/dam/nielsenglobal/vn/docs/reports//nielsen%global%ecommerce%and%the%new%retail%report%april%%(digital).pdf khalid saleh, global online retail spending statistics and trends https://www.invespcro.com/blog/global-online-retail-spending-statistics-and-trends soren auer, christian bizer, georgi kobilarov, jens lehmann, richard cyganiak, zachary ives. dbpedia: nucleus for web open data https://link.springer.com/chapter/.%f---_ colin wood, open data market growing, study says. http://www.govtech.com/data/open-datamarket-is-growing-study-says.html invesp http://invespcro.com/blog/global-online-retail-spending-statistics-and-trend list the figures osa stakeholders map osa hybrid platform experts panel from the ecr community categorization the existing retail data analysis technology ecosystems inspiring projects retail data analysis technology inspiring blockchain startups retail data analysis technology osa product roadmap the new client onboarding process in-store alert lifecycle example in-store alerts forecast types forecast creation lifecycle deep dive into the osa core screenshot osa web-based end user interface the optical recognition 'magic' explained osa machine learning workflow osa smart contract infrastructure osa smart contract kit dynamic remuneration. apple juice packs hypothetical example osa blockchain fees structure osa token quick facts osa token sale roadmap osa token sale milestones osa token sale proceeds distribution osa token distribution osa market expansion roadmap reasons consumers shop stores instead online