liquidity network blockchain payments for everyone liquidity exchange non-custodial off blockchain exchange liquidity ecosystem liquidity ecosystem liquidity network and exchange the liquidity network the liquidity exchange non-custodial, financial intermediary non-custodial off-chain exchange offering payment and exchange services. build top the liquidity network. the web wallet can accessed under the liquidity exchange designed not https://wallet.liquidity.network while the hold any funds (non-custodial), while per- mobile applications for android and ios forming atomic swaps off-chain. such are also available. the exchange resistant blockchain the liquidity.network supports millions users securely, reducing transaction costs significantly and enabling the mainstream adoption blockchain. the liquidity ecosystem stems from symbiosis between our two novel academic innovations: the liquidity hub nocust and revive. congestion and excessive transaction fees. scalable centralized exchange throughput and beyond. liquidity ecosystem scalable, instant, secure, easy enabling micro-payments and small value transfer (svt) instant payments and exchange rigid locked funds simplicity transparency privacy simple design, liquidity network enhanced send and exchange allocated funds, can avoiding complex actions are auditable. transaction privacy. crypto instantly. used pay any routing. negligible waiting time. other member the transaction costs. liquidity network. security custodian flexible fees generic peer reviewed research payments are payments and ex- fees paid either built ethereum. papers published the biggest academic secured the changes are secured the sender the portable any smart security conference (ccs blockchain. the blockchain. recipient. contract blockchain. funds owned the user any point. novelty novelty novel payment features the liquidity network allows any the liquidity network offers instant and the liquidity network operates member payment hub, pay any oth- off-chain channel establishment prior with simple routing designs, avoiding member payment hub zero trans- crypto needed. complex routing topologies. action fees. novel exchange features the liquidity exchange performs instant the liquidity exchange can still operate off-chain swaps are instantenous and can off-chain swaps without holding user under blockchain congestion, provides reach trading speeds traditional central- funds, and resistant excessive on- more stable and professional service level. ized exchanges. chain transaction fees. architecture architecture off-chain exchange architecture off-chain hub the design the liquidity network and exchange centered around the notion universal hubs. such, liquidity network smart contract user that joining hub, can transact his funds with any other member the hub, instantly, off-chain and therefore significantly lower costs than regular onchain transactions. the hub architecture novel because funds are longer locked between only two users, but accessible thousands other users the same hub. the same time, the funds are secured the blockchain, other users can't steal other user's allocated funds. lightning technology not appropriate build hub, because the hub would need open excessive amount payment channels. more details can found our stanford bpase talk. off-chain payment architecture advantages architecture the liquidity ecosystem currently implemented for ethereum and enables millions users and payment processors exchange crypto. consumer because the liquidity network built upon the ethereum blockchain, benefits from the existing development and research community. with its novel design, the liquidity network architecture solves several pressing pain points existing payment channel designs: rigid locked funds simple design and routing free and instant channel establishment non-custodial off-chain swaps prosumer network hubs architecture interconnected hubs multiple liquidity network payment hubs can interconnected. similar traditional payment channels, two users different payment hubs are eligible hub hub perform off-chain payments across different interconnected payment hubs. off-chain payment why the liquidity network not centralized architecture how define (de-)centralization: who owns the funds? hub how redundant system? can central entity censor? regarding liquidity have the following properties: user owns any time its funds (with the private key). not the hub operator, any other entity can "steal" the users funds. hub not bank nor custodian. liquidity designed such that many hubs can interconnected network hubs provide redundancy, similar network lightning peers. hub can choose not forward payments. that were happen, the user can simply remove his funds from the hub's smart contract, which the hub operator cannot prevent. the user would then join another hub. off-chain payment the liquidity network designed become redundant and decentralized network hubs. hub revive architecture rebalancing payment channels securely off-chain, applies the hubs. with revive, present the first solution that allows arbitrary set users payment channel network securely rebalance their channels, according the preferences the channel owners. except the case disputes (similar conventional payment chan- hub nels), our solution does not require onchain transactions and therefore increases the scalability existing blockchains. our security analysis, show that off-chain rebalancing honest participant cannot lose any its funds while rebalancing. revive integral part the liquidity network and allows different hubs rebalance their respective balances. revive has been published tier academic it-security conference (ccs'). khalil and gervais, https://eprint.iacr.org//.pdf hub product product web and mobile wallet killer applications airdrop powered liquidity killer applications airdrops are popular community building tool airdropping tokens millions users transaction costs custodian required instant and fast drop enabled security problems through private key leakage receiver can instantly forward drops friends multiply the network effect new engagement possibilities: possibility send multiple drops, different amounts, extra cost try airdrop through liquidity? get touch under the current market offers airdrop solutions, which believe are not the spirit decentralization and open blockchains. airdrop powered liquidity network solves the following problems. airdrop through custodian (not good, wallet provider holds the user's private keys, like bank). airdrop sending the private keys the users (not good, the airdrop provider still custodian). making millions on-chain transactions, expensive, slow, spamming the blockchain, not scalable https://airdrops.liquidity.network killer applications use case money transfer user liquidity network instant ethereum payment support for erc- token transfers e.g. stable coins user killer applications use case purchase consumer liquidity network instant ethereum payment merchant killer applications use case iot sensors consumer liquidity network instant ethereum payment data sensor non-custudial off-chain exchange killer applications planned for consumer liquidity network instant ethereum payment instant erc- token payment consumer market addressable market market rental services blockchain applications merchandise iot digital goods digital payments gaming pay per view market comparison other payment solutions liquidity network traditional banks online banks blockchain scalability speed fund control decentralized centralized centralized decentralized security cryptographic majority voting trust based trust based cryptographic majority voting accessibility fees -worse better market comparison other off-chain solutions blockchain support liquidity network raiden lightning comit ethereum, bitcoin (with rsk), others ethereum, bitcoin (with rsk) bitcoin ethereum, bitcoin (with rsk) prototype rigid funds locked free off-chain registration users funds control easy routing token support ether support btc open platform secured blockchain mobile application (only unidirectional) comparison other exchanges marketplaces have experienced many evolutions. starting with traditional physical marketplaces, moving towards more professional settings such the market new york stock exchange. only recently have experienced the appearance cryptocurrency exchanges which experience increasing amount volume. user's funds, however, are trusted the exchange operator. examples such mt.gox have shown that centralized exchanges cannot trusted. etherdelta was one the first decentralized ex- marketplace nyse kraken dex liquidity exchange changes, however suffers like all on-chain exchanges from very slow trading speed. on-chain exchang- fast trading face the risk upcoming blockchain congestion. high volume our envisioned liquidity exchange allows instant trades, without being custodian. user funds are se- user controlled funds cured the blockchain, but trades are not slowed blockchain congestion resilient transaction fee independent down, nor made expensive the blockchain. people team and background people currently count more than excellent liquids covering development, legal, marketing, public relations and business development. the design the liquidity network became possible due more than years full time blockchain experience the team members. have academic expertise computer science, security, mathematics, formal methods, augmented professional experience world leading companies such intel and facebook. the team understood, that order continue revolutionize how society trades and interacts with blockchain technology, scalability needs considered core business. proven blockchain expertise ph.d. blockchain security, privacy and scalability https://www.research-collection.ethz.ch/handle/../ people team dr. arthur gervais rami khalil arthur lecturer (equivalent assistant rami started program when was professor) imperial college london now, about finish his mas- and the lucerne university (hslu). ter degree from eth zurich and received completed his phd thesis the topic his bachelor from the german universi- the security, performance, and privacy cairo with highest honors. got proof work blockchains eth zu- the first place the acm arab collegiate rich co-authored influen- programming contest well tial peer-reviewed scientific articles pub- the honorable mention the world finals lished top-tier security conferences. yekaterinburg and marrakesh the arthur holds two master degrees from acm international collegiate program- kth stockholm and aalto university and ming contest. rami interned three times diplome d'ingenieur from insa lyon facebook, well once gnosis. from liquidchain gmbh, zurich che-.. made switzerland co-creator the one-click smart contract formal verification tool www.securify.ch people team george sedky guillaume felley george security enthusiast, with guillaume studied epf lausanne and research contributions blockchain eth zurich switzerland. now fin- scalability and iot. he's about finish his ishing his master degree imperial col- bachelor degree from the german univer- lege london doing research the field sity cairo and has over years expe- blockchain. build tls-n, blockchain rience software engineering, designed oracle system https://www.tls-n.org. and implemented cyber defence tools. thibault meunier janine videva thibault about obtain both his mas- janine fintech marketing and com- ter from imperial college london and munication professional since well french engineering diploma from ensee- connected former communication as- iht. previously cern, rebuild their sociate for leading swiss fintech as- main front-end hosting website, entry- sociation. msc degree corporate com- point for more than websites. munication from usi and masters digital marketing. people team tony tran mohammed kasstawi extrovert, tony enjoys communica- mohamed's vision decentralize the tions, building relationships and especial- internet. this end knows how ea- community discussions about crypto- gerly explore and evaluate the latest proj- currency and blockchain. before crypto, ects and their viability from business tony worked for general electric for perspective. the founding partner years though many different roles oil capital. gas and renewable energy. imran khan imran strategic thinker, trained with theory through bachelors business/ leadership northwestern university, and experienced through practice partner capital and business development microsoft. people participation we've been able attract number funds participate liquidity.network. can openly name danhua capi- tal (dhvc), capital, zmt capital and youbi capital. very much thank them for both, their thorough due diligence and their contribution. your continued support helping our team well our business development substantially. roadmap roadmap strategy and product roadmap september, november, alpha version liquidity.network december, public announcement foster development alpha version for li- launch the official based the commu- quidity network, and liquidity network web- nity feedback adopt launched private site, faq, whitepaper, improvement ideas and liquidity.network hub. engage the community attract talent join the and public roadmap. liquidity network devel- excited revive, developed the first opment. march, early bird access, testing june, public liquidity. network publish the official and deploy liquidity.net- stable liquidity network work hub mvp and give version. include web early bird access. build and mobile wallets. strong community. optimize the hub. non-custodial offchain exchange enable the liquiditynetwork perform exchanges erc- tokens. faster and more cost efficient trading than other decentralized solutions. roadmap open other blockchains prototype implementation ready for ethereum and can also deployed etc rootstock. other possible blockchains for the liquidity network: bitcoin (through rootstock) dfinity neo and others lqd token ico token envision cross-chain, off-chain payment liquidchain gmbh plans operate several li- processing ecosystem whereby hubs can com- quidity network hubs top the ethereum pete attract end users and merchants. our blockchain building the foundation for instant aim integrate the liquidity token within this and cheap transmission crypto. anyone how- ecosystem such that competitive open mar- ever will able operate liquiditynetwork ket for secure payment processing can thrive hub once the software open sourced. within the network. the lqd token's primary purpose used the personal end users the system will access premium features the liquidity net- the main source demand for usage the work (e.g. service level agreements). that for network. therefore, facilitate the creation example guarantee particularly high num- this demand, end users will not encum- ber transactions per second, the user would bered with having interact using lqd tokens need provide certain amount lqd tokens regular usage scenarios. the hub provider. the token allows the holder participate please follow our blog for more details. the liquidity network access token pay for auxiliary services (e.g. channel monitoring). regulatory compliance regulatory compliancy licensed finance intermediary regulatory risks are perceived one the biggest threats crypto based projects. that's why beyond the traditional best practises ensure the long-term success the liquidity.network. are official member the financial services standards association (vqf), the leading, largest, officially recognized self-regulatory organisation switzerland directly under the finma (swiss financial market supervisory authority). meet regulatory compliance, we're working with one the best law firms switzerland, bratschi. our legal partner was recommended one the best particular the crucial field compliance: bilanz top anwaltskanzleien join we're hiring! we're particular looking for: coo business development marketing and growth specialists get touch under contact@liquidity.network telegram community https://t.me/liquiditynetwork blog https://medium.com/@liquidity.network pushing the decentralization payment systems forward. legal disclaimer the company invested seeking out legal and compliance expertise ensure that the sale the token are compliant with the applicable regulation insofar there reliable and confirmed practice the regulators. there guarantee that future token will grow value and that the price the token will not decrease, including significantly, due some unforeseen events, events over which the developers have control, such unforeseen regulatory requirements which will force the company adjust even stop the project because force majeure circumstances. the tokens will issued the ethereum blockchain. therefore, any failure malfunctioning the ethereum protocol may affect the handling the tokens. blockchain technologies are subject supervision and control various regulatory bodies around the world. the future token may fall under one more requests actions their part, including but not limited restrictions imposed the use possession digital tokens, which may slow limit the functionality repurchase tokens the future. the objectives stated are non-binding and may changed any time. all persons and parties involved the token and the purchase the tokens their own risk. mentioned numbers are non-binding, and can changed any time. technical innovations all kinds may pose danger the function the blockchain and related networks and systems. funds collected fundraising are way insured. they are lost lose their value, there private public insurance representative that the purchaser can reach out to. received funds are neither earmarked nor refundable. tokens are new technology. addition the risks mentioned this document, there are therefore certain additional risks that the company cannot foresee. these risks may manifest themselves other forms risk than those specified herein. last updated: june