november th, white paper v.. community based video distribution. abstract social networks, such facebook, instagram twitter, there value that transferred between users called "like". whether picture your dog wearing jedi disguise, haiku poem about autumn short video teenager rihannawannabe singing front her cell phone; for every contribution the community likes are expected recognition for good job. and they become incentive for creating new content. but there unlimited supply likes one ever ran out them likes have actual value. what could create scarcity value likes turning them into freely transferable, tradable token with limited issuance? what would happen if, set hypothetical scenario, transformed likes into likecoins? token such likecoin changes the game social interactions, turning social networks into social economies. one hand, you would have think twice before handing out your tokens exchange for low-quality contributions, because your stock likecoins limited. the other hand, you would able give away many likecoins you wish certain content that you have really enjoyed. you could earn your likecoins back, but this would mean that you should have actually contributed the social network. get involved, participate, active. there would more passive witnesses. secondary market likecoins would probably built up, and users who wanted get flixxo, community based video distribution. tokens without participating would need buy them, giving monetary value likecoins. anyone could send and receive likecoins from friends, making good present out treasurable gift. today, all social networks are turning video the dominant tool create engagement with users their platforms. facebook about spend produce their own content, while warner planning budget for creating original content instagram. around internet traffic video, and this number increasing reach more than this business currently belongs only few big players, traditional video platforms rely upon huge costs storage and bandwidth. these companies have monopolized the market, creating advertising-centric ecosystem which authors don monetize, users can only reach the content that leaves the biggest revenues for the platforms and, ironically, advertisers cannot effectively showcase their content their audiences. one ever dared confronting this model, because there way competing the infrastructure battle which such giant companies. instead likecoins, have our token, flixx. implementing flixx top social video distribution platform can engage users helping improve the network lending their storage and their bandwidth exchange for tokens. users will spend flixx for consuming the content they really want watch, and will earn flixx back for participating, for being social. whether smartphone, tablet, computer even smart tv, video distribution community could smartly use decentralized, incentivized peer-topeer network, having structural costs and unlimited scaling possibilities. top that, users can earn more flixx they choose watch advertisement. this disrupting revenues-flow model creates new ecosystem which users decide how monetize their attention and personal information, and then transfer those earnings the authors the content they really enjoy. within this model, consumers reach the content they want watch, authors monetize and deliver better quality content and advertisers find way effectively showcasing their content their audiences. flixxo, community based video distribution. content abstract flixxo team introduction decentralized payments: blockchain and the internet value decentralized distribution: the bittorrent protocol content distribution meets payments our solution organic market for flixx scarcity, social engagement and legal content multiple authors, one piece content uncensored content inappropriate content flixxo white label platform design go-to-market strategy: how will reach our first users how works, using flixx token flixxo flixx token generation event and sale allocation funds roadmap conclusion flixxo, community based video distribution. flixxo team flixxo, community based video distribution. introduction the rise internet based streaming services (also called "ott" short for "over the top", "vod", for "video demand") fundamentally changing the way video being produced, sold, distributed and consumed. most streaming services will offer you, customer, the chance select what watch and when and where watch it. this disconnection from the traditional linear programming attributes what refer(ed) "tv", fundamental shift. besides, more and more movies, shows and live events are being watched tablets, cellphones, computers and smart radically transforming the whole audiovisual industry. but technology moves forward, production companies and content authors tend not find compelling revenue model for their work, and consumers find themselves committed vod services that don't satisfy their demand for audiovisual content, they seek that content illegal, unlicensed networks. the gigantic costs associated with the infrastructure necessary for storing and distributing content, addition the endless lines intermediaries, result into unreasonable final price for consumers and inefficient revenue model for the authors. today, all the revenues are the hands the platforms. creating distributed and incentivized peer-to-peer network where every user turns itself into distributor content, and providing decentralized payment channel, flixxo gets rid the middle-men and the infrastructure costs, building platform and community where every author able upload content and set the rules the distribution (such the price and the incentives for users share the author's work), developing new effective business models for his/her content, and where consumers may reach the content they looking for legal manner, paying fair price even nothing they are socially engaged with the community. flixxo will also educate its community, teaching its users that this new internet era value can held and transferred online without intermediaries, value that can flixxo, community based video distribution. earned back participating community, contributing, being rewarded for every single social interaction. decentralized payments: blockchain and the internet value when you send some information through the internet you are not actually sending the information but copy (whether spreadsheet, powerpoint file, word document email, all them will copies). someone wants send another person business, then it's important that they longer have those copy them. similarly, when artist distributes original piece work, then it's important that its commercial value not undermined that distribution. the information-centric medium the web, which after all based interlinked page model and publishing language (html), was never designed handle the exchange actual value. anyone transferring money online, for example, not actually moving the value directly. instead they are sending instructions intermediary whether through bank, credit card company, paypal the western union pass the value. even when someone rents spare room via the sharing-economy platform airbnb, they are still not doing directly over the internet but via third-party broker. and the involvement such third parties the exchange value naturally comes cost. flixxo, community based video distribution. blockchain the technology behind bitcoin enables the peer-to-peer exchange assets, something that has been largely absent from the information publishing nature today's webdominated internet. the peer-to-peer exchange facilitated blockchains has its basis some pretty complex but powerful architecture. essence, blockchains are cloud databases, decentralized over large number devices that maintain global distributed ledger transactions (encapsulated blocks), whose integrity, permanence and nonreputability are assured the running regular comparisons across chains those interconnected blocks. the underlying technology open source, leaving companies free innovate; and maintains security through the use heavy-duty encryption. decentralized distribution: the bittorrent protocol bittorrent communication protocol peer-to-peer file sharing ("pp") which used distribute data and electronic files over the internet. bittorrent one the most common protocols for transferring large files, such digital video files containing flixxo, community based video distribution. shows, video clips digital audio files containing songs. programmer bram cohen, former student buffalo university, designed the protocol april and released the first available version july with the most recent version being released the bittorrent protocol can used reduce the server and network impact distributing large files. rather than downloading file from single source server, the bittorrent protocol allows users join "swarm" hosts upload/download from each other simultaneously. the protocol alternative the older single source, multiple mirror sources technique for distributing data, and can work effectively over networks with lower bandwidth. using the bittorrent protocol, several basic computers such home computers, can replace large servers while efficiently distributing files many recipients. this lower bandwidth usage also helps prevent large spikes internet traffic given area, keeping internet speeds higher for all users general, regardless whether not they use the bittorrent protocol. every day there are users looking for content bittorrent networks because, sometimes, the only way reach it. and these users find it. bittorrent turned out incredibly effective way distributing files fashion. flixxo, community based video distribution. with monthly users the cost associated with storage and bandwidth zero. compare this with the billion dollars that netflix spends yearly basis for storing and distributing content. netflix doesn't even have its own servers they can afford that. instead, netflix uses amazon cloud computing services (aws) host and deploy its content. unfortunately, audiovisual content, more than the downloads come from unlicensed sources. however, contrary many beliefs, bittorrent users are more likely pay for content than the average guy (). most bittorrent users also pay for streaming cable subscriptions, but they look networks for content they don't find the platforms they are paying for. for example, otto pays monthly netflix subscription, but when wants watch hbo game thrones, the options are either paying new subscription this time hbo legally downloading every single episode from itunes amazon per piece (which very elevated cost comparison with the average that users pay per hour netflix content). digital streaming got even more expensive than buying the six seasons bluray, although the costs manufacturing and distributing beautifully printed box filled with blu-rays are obviously much higher than the costs streaming that content. therefore, otto finally decides get got from bittorrent network. flixxo, community based video distribution. improved video quality, better engagement sourcing from local mesh network enables higher bitrates and minimizes rebuffering. distributed network for infinite scale scale audiences matter where servers viewers may build truly global platform, providing the capacity accommodate increasingly large, unpredictable audiences content distribution meets payments nowadays, centralization data storage and bandwidth turned faulty model. has been shown that peer peer models, such the bittorrent protocol, have become much better paradigm for healthy internet. however, the battle piracy between major studios and bittorrent networks has kept these technologies from becoming mainstream. just like bittorrent, bitcoin was first associated with black markets and money laundering, but then the technology developed was adopted banks and financial institutions they learned the real value these new models. the movie industry has been engaged battle against bittorrent for the last years. the digital distribution has changed and the online streaming industry, which worth more than twenty-five billion dollars year, the losses for not knowing how adopt these technologies instead fighting them are estimated more than four billion dollars year. flixxo, community based video distribution. however, order have the bittorrent network working, users have keep their devices the files they have downloaded, they can share those files the rest users. those who that are called "seeders". the content tends illegal, there can't incentives for users seed, and lack seeders can spoil the network. know about payments, have developed decentralized ways settling value blockchain, have learned how set rules that value implementing smart contracts. therefore, have the tools connect peer-topeer payments peer-to-peer content distribution. can merge both technologies make social experience out it. this the main idea behind flixxo. what need order achieve our goal create token with value that inherent the network are using for distributing content. call this token flixx. through this token, users can earn incentives for seeding legal content and get channel for connecting directly with media producers. two-way system, which producers pay users for improving the network, and users can give authors recognition for their work. this token also prevents piracy and spam content, authors have time-block tokens smart contract (set warranty) order upload content. this contract flixxo, community based video distribution. will also handle and block their earnings for certain period time, that the case dispute the unfair-uploader may lose those tokens. our solution flixxo combines bittorrent and smart contracts create the first legal, decentralized content distribution network. flixxo creates network where authors can distribute and monetize their own content. they incentivize the distribution their media and remove unnecessary intermediate parties sharing their revenues with the "seeders" term coined the torrent environment that refers those who have downloaded content, kept their computer and share again with the rest the users. flixxo allows true end users pay fair price for watching licensed content friendly and safe environment. flixxo open network, friendly and intuitive platform, bittorrent client, token and wallet. the network grows, does its bandwidth and its storage space, making more efficient and able handle more users. the more content being shared, the better bandwidth will have for being distributed and streamed. the content spreads across the network, and final user gets from many seeders the time. however, the payment channel decentralized and the consumer able pay directly the producer, without any intermediary party being involved. the content producer chooses whether he/she wants share part its earnings with the network not, and which conditions he/she would that. organic market for flixx july report the agency jun group examined value-exchange placements for and -second video ads its network. (according jun group, valueexchange placement user-initiated digital placement that viewed--or engaged with--to unlock things like points, access wi-fi, music other digital content.) this mechanism mostly used gaming platforms. the firm found out that most people within its audience network the were flixxo, community based video distribution. more likely complete video they received some type reward for doing so. reach critical-mass users, brands will look for new opportunities advertising their products flixxo. will offer them the chance show their sponsored content our users they give away flixx. then, users have four ways getting flixx: producing content, buying those flixx getting from friends, sharing content giving some seconds their attention sponsored content. advertisers pay incentives flixx our users, they will have reach contentcreators, who are the biggest stakeholders the flixxo ecosystem, and buy flixx from them, building-up organic market and healthy flow flixx. flixxo will take flixx commission sponsored content, advertisement market valued more than year. our team has expertise developing use cases, and will use those skills order understand who our users are, based the content they have watched. this fair distribution context for the revenues built advertising, which tends one the biggest complaints content producers other platforms. here, flixxo flixxo, community based video distribution. takes fees content, the revenues built advertising straight the authors: advertisers pay the final user, who chooses which content watch and whom pass that revenue. with billion users, youtube the most popular platform which the advertisement model works. taking the biggest piece the market share, their revenues ads are about year. duplicating this model, with million users, flixxo net earnings most effective model (both for advertisers and producers) would around year. reaching million users (like netflix popcorn time), the net revenues for flixxo would year. scarcity, social engagement and legal content flixx asset backed the ability play videos buy users' attention advertisement. also, flixx freely tradable and transferred without middle-parties involved, paying only very marginal fee the form gas for the blockchain that runs the basic token contract. order for flixx have value outside the platform, they must felt valuable within the platform. the value asset relative its scarcity and its demand. with fixed all-time supply one billion flixx (.,, flixx), count scarcity way social engagement with the platform. users need tokens order watch videos and advertisers need them get users' attention their sponsored content. what about content producers? they turn the largest stakeholders the ecosystem, need create incentives for them hold their tokens instead dumping them into the markets. addition, need warranties the content they make available the network. with this mind, devised mechanism for locking flixx the distribution contract. will require fixed amount flixx locked for fixed period time when user tracks his new content the network, and variable amount set the content producer bid for gaining visibility the platform. every new content will have grace period seven days which all earnings the producer will locked, preventing withdrawal. one the purposes this help prevent spam content. also, the locked flixx will serve collateral case dispute for content ownership and license. flixxo, community based video distribution. the optional variable bid will locked user defined interval time. the longer that interval is, the more the relative value the tokens. this means that tokens blocked for months will equivalent tokens blocked for one month. the more value producer holding his/her content, the more visibility will have the platform (being placed the top the main page, etc.). visibility will also granted content with the highest community engagement (more seeders, better rating). making producers decide whether sell their tokens hold them for granting availability their content the network just like users who have decide whether trade their tokens use them watch videos ensures scarcity and gives community engagement value flixx. multiple authors, one piece content there can productions which content has multiple owners (such crowdfunded content cooperative productions). nowadays, single producer collects all the earnings and shares them with his team preset time-basis (such monthly payments). with flixxo, multiple authors are able set how split the payment for every single view the content. means that the uploader could set, along with the price and the percentage the earnings that will shared with the network, how split the earnings several addresses (for each the producers' teammates wallets). also, author may set rules for others produce derivative works, and decide how the earnings will split with the new co-author. flixxo, community based video distribution. uncensored content inappropriate content although there way for third parties (such governments) censor content which means that anyone has the chance making any piece media available the network flixxo will develop tools for filtering inappropriate content. flixxo could revolutionary tool for uncensorable and untraceable media, making possible, for example, for free independent journalism have voice even social situations which there censorship environment, but necessary assure that every user gets the media he/she wants watch and avoids the media he/she doesn't. know there thin line between filtering curating content and censorship, and fact that have open network for everyone upload any content. however, flixxo platform will apply certain filtering based clear rules there should behaviorcode for uploaders order offer the right content the right user. two-way deal, which users agree watch certain content and content producers serve that kind content (e.g. violent content not suitable for kids). the curation will have progressive decentralization and will set roadmap for delivering this responsibility the network, but first stage this will centralized function flixxo. build solid network, will rely this curation the hands delegates elected the community. this curation will have cost, paid flixx, and will collected from the warranty blocked the content uploaders. flixxo will not apply filters based geographical location; however, these could flixxo, community based video distribution. applied the author. means that the author decides that his/her piece will distributed worldwide will reach every user every location. he/she may also choose have his content only shown certain areas countries. flixxo white label flixxo network users and authors who interact without intermediaries, that network could serve multiple platforms (in addition flixxo). the whole network (or part the network) chooses help other platforms improvement, they have rewarded with flixx. like creating private channels and setting reward flixx for the distributors, who may may not able watch the content they distributing just act peers. fee will applied flixxo behalf the served network. platform design flixxo's development will include app for smartphones and tablets, and also desktop and web version. will stream the most popular cast products, such chromecast, and will have app for smart the platform being designed frictionless. there need having bitcoins (nor any other cryptocurrency) credit card order start using flixxo. the community flixxo users grows, flixxo will seek introduce additional features whereby users will able offer goods services that are associated with the content available flixxo could killer application, with the potential bringing bunch new users the cryptocurrencies ecosystem. have incentive program that will decrease time. will give away flixx the distributors. incentives for seeding will result incentives flixxo, community based video distribution. for content creators. early adopters, both distributors and creators, will rewarded. this will help develop true decentralized network for content distribution, and will attract authors for making their content available and choosing their own business model. easy use and intuitive. anyone who had used any streaming service before will understand the platform the blink eye. there will learning curve for users understand the use the flixx token, and will make this process easy and friendly possible. gaming and social experience. gamification the practice applying game mechanics non-game situations. these typically include points, achievements, high score table and other trappings modern gaming. the game industry has spent great deal time refining what makes game engaging and entertaining, and applying these principles other business contexts. then, earning flixx and participating the community has seen game, there are benchmarks your social engagement that will rewarded with incentives. pushes members towards behavior that benefits the community. tailoring the rewards set for the flixxo community can allow reward things like good behavior, reaching certain amount shared videos, strong contributions, inviting friends, posting material that receives positive feedback and many other things. providing both extrinsic (such merchandise, movie tickets, etc.) and intrinsic (tokens) rewards for the behavior want see great way build positive community culture. go-to-market strategy: how will reach our first users "the disconnect between internet fame and financial security hard comprehend for both creators and fans," states youtuber gaby dunn her blog post get rich die vlogging. she runs youtube channel that serves more than views month, and faces hard reality: she can make living out that. she continues "platforms like youtube mirror the u.s. economy's yawning wealth gap, and being part flixxo, community based video distribution. youtube's "middle class" often means grappling daily with the cognitive dissonance full comments section and empty wallet". another story for youtube personalities such gamer pewdiepie, who makes monthly profit out his followers, fashion vlogger michelle phan who often raises more than month backed her followers. just like gaby dunn, there are thousands vloggers "too visible have "real" jobs, but too broke not to." flixxo will subsidize their shows (on co-production model), allocating batches for covering production budgets, allowing them try our platform exchange for their original content. inviting youtubers followed fans each, could easily bring bunch fresh users flixxo. during the first three six months, access flixxo will granted invitation. having the responsibility deploying good quality video and satisfying content demand, must control the flow users until reaching massive amount media. the side the incentives and economics the platform, such mechanism will allow reward with flixx those users who invited new active users. how works using flixx token flixxo meet jean-paul. french director and producer, and has decided give flixxo chance. has connected his computer flixxo and has told the network had made available his last movie, called "french toast" high quality and with options subtitles many languages. has set price flixx (flixxo tokens) and has offered share his earnings with the network. has also set warranty flixx blocked for two weeks the distribution smart contract. otto, guy finland, has been looking for jean-paul new film without success his streaming app, and then bittorrent networks, where had only found bad quality copy the movie dubbed russian with spanish subtitles, and got his computer infested with some funny viruses. otto sends those flixx straight jeanpaul and enjoys great quality copy the movie, streaming french toast from his cell phone straight his using chromecast device. flixxo, community based video distribution. even though jean-paul has already earned his first flixx, those funds will controlled the distribution smart contract and will held for seven days, order assure there are licensing conflicts nor disputes. after watching french toast, otto decided seed (in fact was seeding from the moment had downloaded single piece it). lionel argentina also looking for french toast. lionel has credit card can pay for subscription the most popular streaming platforms. friend his invited him participate the network, and sent him welcome reward flixx. lionel keen pay straightly those flixx his favorite french director. this case, there along with jean-paul another seeder from which lionel downloading the movie, jean-paul shares its earnings with both seeders. now jean-paul has already earned flixx and otto has flixx for watching new content. now otto wants watch jeannine content. she famous youtuber with lot followers (really, lot) but she tired the unfair revenue model that platform. she has already allocated her content the flixxo network, setting price flixx per view and sharing her earnings with the network (although this amount might sound little bit too generous, she will earn much more per view than any other platform). jeannine has partner who shoots and edits her videos, they have decided split the revenues %-% straight the distribution smart contract. since otto doesn't have enough flixx for watching the content wants, and flixxo, community based video distribution. doesn't want buy more flixx nor wait earn more credits sharing jean-paul movie, asks for sponsored content. mr. fox the marketing director car manufacturing company germany. they spend millions dollars each year digital advertisement, and they have found that the actual models are not working anymore. more and more, consumers use adblockers they skip video ads fast possible most the platforms. mr. fox has heard the new model flixxo, and gives try. elizabeth has been publishing her videos long enough the platform she already has lot flixx and mr. fox reaches her order buy her tokens for his campaign. pays eth for flixx flixx=$,), setting market price for flixxo token. advertisers spend average per effective and complete view their content. content creators reach only small portion that amount, there are lot intermediaries (cut the platform, taxes, exchanges). mr. fox along with other advertisers sets organic and fair price for flixx tokens, creating real market. not speculative one. back otto; has asked for sponsored content and gives seconds his attention mr. fox new commercial. the end, mr. fox gives away flixx otto reward, and pays commission the platform flixx) has spent for more effective way showing his ad. now otto has reached flixx and able watch jeannine new video flixxo. furthermore, really interested buying new car. even though jeannine has given away her earnings the community (distributors), she (and his partner) had earned flixx for this unique view. set the price per flixx, she has earned usd which seven times the average she would have earned youtube. flixx token generation event and sale flixx erc standard token. the supply will fixed the beginning and mining any kind token creation will possible after the initial contract setup. flixxo, community based video distribution. flixx token needed order use flixxo platform, the purpose the presale grant priority and early access those who participated the event. flixx tokens are not equity representation the company. total (nine hundred million) flixx tokens will issued. maximum (two hundred million) tokens will sold. some these tokens (not more than flixx) may sold with anticipation the token allocation event strategic investors. flixxo token sale (ico) will start october th, :hs cet. crowdsale will run for days. deposit address will only displayed http://www.flixxo.com/ and http://www.icofunding.com/ flixx price will set fixed rate flixx eth eth flixx). hard cap set tokens (m) with the bonus rates applied the first days ico expect have cap around eth. with that sum would able develop the platform, incentivize the production original content and deploy worldwide marketing strategy. minimum cap eth would let develop the platform, incentivize content and build digital marketing and communication campaign. case not reaching the soft cap, all the funds will returned. tokens not sold the token sale event will burned. tokens will sent immediately the same eth address from which the contribution has been made, but they will remain locked until november th. tokens from the presale will sent november and will released together with ico tokens. ico bonus program bonus for early adopters are offered incentivize participation the token sale. flixxo, community based video distribution. purchases made over the first hours the sale will get bonus eth flixx) from day bonus eth flixx) from day day bonus eth flixx) from day day bonus eth flixx) from day day bonus eth flixx) distribution tokens flixx (two hundred million flixx) will sold and distributed over the token sale. flixx (one hundred million flixx), will allotted for the development team, vested proportionally two years. (one hundred million flixx) will remain for the company (flixxo limited, gibraltar), covering the costs the token allocation event, advisors, bounty program, and future partnerships with authors. tokens allocated for partnerships are only intended set warranty for uploaded content and are not cashed out. authors need tokens order upload content, these tokens will seen lean while they earn more tokens from further contributions. flixx (five hundred million flixx) will distributed predefined and regulated manner via smart contract incentive for users and contributors join the platform. those incentives will decrease zero over the first ten years and will given away users who join the platform and share content, well reward for reaching certain social goals (basically way building strong community). flixxo, community based video distribution. allocation funds roadmap flixxo foundation (done) functional alpha (done) token generation and distribution event (done) fully functional platform premiere (done) mobile (ios android) versions release web version release network integration with other video platforms (flixxo white label) flixxo marketplace and decentralized flixx exchange flixx integration with other platforms (gaming, music, marketplaces) flixxo, community based video distribution. conclusion the next five years, hundreds authors will find flixxo option for distributing and monetizing their content. this new income source will allow smarter audiovisual market the new artists and producers will able develop rich content and distribute their rules. new business models will emerge for both content creators and advertisers/affiliates. the smaller producer will able play even field with the biggest companies, making their production competitive usually closed market, choosing the price their content sharing more revenues with the community the more earnings they share, the more seeders their content will have. big players will also find platform (or network) where they can monetize content that tends seeked illegal networks. piracy will not disappear, but will decrease users will get away from non-incentivized bittorrent networks. more spectators will able reach the content they are really looking for. smart contracts are not just for banks and money license agreements are contracts and licenses are value that can attached such contracts. there are more than billion people downloading and streaming content their computers, and phones every day. flixxo will develop social economy for bringing them all together. flixxo, community based video distribution. building social economies https://medium.com/@flixxo/the-value-of-likes-on-the-creation-of-social-economies- gaby dunn blog post http://splinternews.com/get-rich-or-die-vlogging-the-sad-economics-of-internet- people will watch full video... they get rewarded. https://www.emarketer.com/article/people-will-watch-full-video-ad-they-rewarde d/?ecid=nl youtube stats http://statsheep.com/ mpaa losses piracy http://news.bbc.co.uk//hi/entertainment/.stm flixxo, community based video distribution.