afin coin the diverse and powerful utility token with co-blockchain disclaimers important notice please read this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "market and industry information and consent other persons", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer securities registration" and "risks and uncertainties" carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). the afin coin tokens are not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice sell, any solicitation any offer the distributor/vendor the afin coin tokens (the "distributor") purchase any afin coin tokens nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. the distributor will asian fintech pte. ltd. ("asian fintech") and will deploy all proceeds sale the afin coin tokens fund asian fintech's projects, businesses and operations. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase the afin coin tokens and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. any agreement between the distributor and you purchaser, and relation any sale and purchase, afin coin tokens (as referred this whitepaper) governed only separate document setting out the terms and conditions (the "t&cs") such agreement. the event any inconsistencies between the t&cs and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. you are not eligible and you are not purchase any afin coin tokens the asian fintech initial token sale (as referred this whitepaper) you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. there are risks and uncertainties associated with asian fintech and/or the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the afin coin tokens, the asian fintech initial token sale and the asian fintech wallet (each referred this whitepaper). this whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this whitepaper prohibited restricted. part this whitepaper reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "market and industry information and consent other persons", "terms used", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer securities registration" and "risks and uncertainties". disclaimer liability the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, asian fintech and/or the distributor shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. representations and warranties asian fintech and/or the distributor does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. representations and warranties you accessing and/or accepting possession any information this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant asian fintech and/or the distributor follows: (a) you agree and acknowledge that the afin coin tokens not constitute securities any form any jurisdiction; (b) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any jurisdiction solicitation for investment securities and you are not bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper; (c) you agree and acknowledge that regulatory authority has examined approved the information set out this whitepaper, action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with; (d) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion the asian fintech initial token sale, future trading the afin coin tokens any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not construed, interpreted deemed you indication the merits the asian fintech and/or the distributor, the afin coin tokens, the asian fintech initial token sale and the asian fintech wallet (each referred this whitepaper); (e) the distribution dissemination this whitepaper, any part thereof any copy thereof, acceptance the same you, not prohibited restricted the applicable laws, regulations rules your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions relation possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions your own expense and without liability asian fintech and/or the distributor; (f) you agree and acknowledge that the case where you wish purchase any afin coin tokens, the afin coin tokens are not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: (i) any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; (ii) debentures, stocks shares issued any person entity (whether asian fintech and/or the distributor) (iii) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; (iv) rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; (v) units collective investment scheme; (vi) units business trust; (vii) derivatives units business trust; (viii) any other security class securities. (g) you are fully aware and understand that you are not eligible purchase any afin coin tokens you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america; (h) you have basic degree understanding the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology; (i) you are fully aware and understand that the case where you wish purchase any afin coin tokens, there are risks associated with asian fintech and the distributor and their respective business and operations, the afin coin tokens, the asian fintech initial token sale and the asian fintech wallet (each referred the whitepaper); (j) you agree and acknowledge that neither asian fintech nor the distributor liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you; and (k) all the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and nonmisleading from the time your access and/or acceptance possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be). cautionary note forward-looking statements all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made asian fintech and/or the distributor their respective directors, executive officers employees acting behalf asian fintech the distributor (as the case may be), that are not statements historical fact, constitute "forward-looking statements". some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forwardlooking statements. all statements regarding asian fintech's and/or the distributor's financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects the industry which asian fintech and/or the distributor are forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements, including but not limited statements asian fintech's and/or the distributor's revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed this whitepaper regarding asian fintech and/or the distributor are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements asian fintech and/or the distributor materially different from any future results, performance achievements expected, expressed implied such forward-looking statements. these factors include, amongst others: (a) changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which asian fintech and/or the distributor conducts its respective businesses and operations; (b) the risk that asian fintech and/or the distributor may unable execute implement their respective business strategies and future plans; (c) changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; (d) changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth asian fintech and/or the distributor; (e) changes the availability and fees payable asian fintech and/or the distributor connection with their respective businesses and operations; (f) changes the availability and salaries employees who are required asian fintech and/or the distributor operate their respective businesses and operations; (g) changes preferences customers asian fintech and/or the distributor; (h) changes competitive conditions under which asian fintech and/or the distributor operate, and the ability asian fintech and/or the distributor compete under such conditions; (i) changes the future capital needs asian fintech and/or the distributor and the availability financing and capital fund such needs; (j) war acts international domestic terrorism; (k) occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations asian fintech and/or the distributor; (l) other factors beyond the control asian fintech and/or the distributor; and (m) any risk and uncertainties associated with asian fintech and/or the distributor and their businesses and operations, the afin coin tokens, the asian fintech initial token sale and the asian fintech wallet (each referred the whitepaper). all forward-looking statements made attributable asian fintech and/or the distributor persons acting behalf asian fintech and/or the distributor are expressly qualified their entirety such factors. given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements asian fintech and/or the distributor materially different from that expected, expressed implied the forward-looking statements this whitepaper, undue reliance must not placed these statements. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper. neither asian fintech, the distributor nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance achievements asian fintech and/or the distributor will discussed those forward-looking statements. the actual results, performance achievements asian fintech and/or the distributor may differ materially from those anticipated these forward looking statements. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies asian fintech and/or the distributor. further, asian fintech and/or the distributor disclaim any responsibility update any those forward looking statements publicly announce any revisions those forward-looking statements reflect future developments, events circumstances, even new information becomes available other events occur the future. market and industry information and consent other persons this whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, well market research, publicly available information and industry publications. such surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed reliable, but there can assurance the accuracy completeness such included information. save for asian fintech, the distributor and their respective directors, executive officers and employees, person has provided his her consent the inclusion his her name and/or other information attributed perceived attributed such person connection therewith this whitepaper and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information such person and such persons shall not obliged provide any updates the same. while asian fintech and/or the distributor have taken reasonable actions ensure that the information extracted accurately and its proper context, asian fintech and/or the distributor have not conducted any independent review the information extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy completeness such information ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. consequently, neither asian fintech, the distributor, nor their respective directors, executive officers and employees acting their behalf makes any representation warranty the accuracy completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. terms used facilitate better understanding the afin coin tokens being offered for purchase the distributor, and the businesses and operations asian fintech and/or the distributor, certain technical terms and abbreviations, well as, certain instances, their descriptions, have been used this whitepaper. these descriptions and assigned meanings should not treated being definitive their meanings and may not correspond standard industry meanings usage. words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. references persons shall include corporations. advice information this whitepaper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding asian fintech, the distributor, the afin coin tokens, the asian fintech initial token sale and the asian fintech wallet (each referred the whitepaper). you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser regarding asian fintech and/or the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the afin coin tokens, the asian fintech initial token sale and the asian fintech wallet (each referred the whitepaper). you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase afin coin tokens for indefinite period time. further information update person has been authorised give any information representation not contained this whitepaper connection with asian fintech and/or the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the afin coin tokens, the asian fintech initial token sale and the asian fintech wallet (each referred the whitepaper) and, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorised behalf asian fintech and/or the distributor. the asian fintech initial token sale (as referred the whitepaper) shall not, under any circumstances, constitute continuing representation create any suggestion implication that there has been change, development reasonably likely involve material change the affairs, conditions and prospects asian fintech and/or the distributor any statement fact information contained this whitepaper since the date hereof. restrictions distribution and dissemination the distribution dissemination this whitepaper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements and rules any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability asian fintech and/or the distributor. persons whom copy this whitepaper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the whitepaper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this whitepaper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. offer securities registration this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. any agreement relation any sale and purchase afin coin tokens (as referred this whitepaper) governed only the t&cs such agreement and other document. the event any inconsistencies between the t&cs and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. you are not eligible purchase any afin coin tokens the asian fintech initial token sale (as referred this whitepaper) you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. risks and uncertainties prospective purchasers afin coin tokens (as referred this whitepaper) should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with asian fintech, the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the afin coin tokens, the asian fintech initial token sale and the asian fintech wallet (each referred the whitepaper), all information set out this whitepaper and the t&cs prior any purchase afin coin tokens. any such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects asian fintech and/or the distributor could materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the afin coin tokens. asian fintech the new technology: co-blockchain executive summary asian fintech (afin) provide online business platform for various business entrepreneurs and companies and bring them blockchain platform applications for business platforms those fields.. afin will provide "afin online platform" facilitate trade and negotiation between business entrepreneur and companies from various countries, also enhance the connectivity, and provide accurate and date information and data fast track. afin incorporating blockchain technology expand and diversify the business afin and its partners. cost effective and convenient for both the sellers and the buyers. afin currency prepared support the digital world premier medium exchange. afin will use the main blockchain system, token based ethereum erc-, which called afin coin, which will the primary token for coin holder's usage and trading the exchange market. but due the use transactions the transfer, there are some problems other tokens the market. price volatility, transfer and confirmation speed also high usage fees. afin has also made special token from the blockchain development the stellar protocol, which will used parallel with the afin, using the name afins, which efficient token term transfer fee, speed. and stable token that fixed almost fixed, which can solve problems price volatility with the use cryptocurrency the general market, which afin coin holders want use with afins, they are able exchange themselves from afin blockchain system for convenience and maximum efficiency. it's co-blockchain system table contents contents executive summary problem and challenges introduction afin creating the solution and opportunities afin focus afin coin with co-blockchain system afin coin afins coin the outcome co-blockchain system advantages afin co-chain architecture erc- scp exchange swap rate between afin and afins the waves afin token afin road map afin symbol and initial information supply and distribution afin coin distribution overview afin pricing usage fund from wave afin token afin blockchain technology afin auction platform wellness reservation platform afin crypto mining management platform conclusions references page list figures exchange swap rate between afin and afins blockchain payment comparison the waves afin token afin road map token details distribution afin coin ico price and schedule usage fund generated from wave afin token auction platform with blockchain benefits example auction afin auction program afin auction procedure with smart contract thailand car production from thailand car production from afin core values afin auction module afin auction model global market for public auction sales (us$ billion) global wellness economy problem and challenges blockchain technology the infrastructure underlying the digital currencies that elated revolutionized and could disrupted the traditional and modern financial system decentralized the business ledger for substantiating and recording the financial transactions. yet, there standard digital currencies applied exchanging the values day-to-day lives common people. lacks attract the common and mass consumers well lacking architectural capacities and capabilities replacing the current financial transaction. besides buying goods and services from the market with digital currency also very limited. congruently, the investors engaged digital currencies normally get bewildered digital transaction. result, platform digital currencies, decentralized financial solution remained very challenging, and centralized solutions financial system continue dictate the financial market. afin covenant with the above challenges digital currencies and provide easy exchanging values and information digital currency with the blockchain technology infrastructure. introduction the age dynamic business environment, technological progress has accelerated investment opportunity intensively, thus time capitalize this digital world rapid change. asian fintech (afin) currently partnering with business groups and entrepreneurs asia who are having high profit potential using various business strategies accordance with the world market condition this technological era. afin headquarter located marina bay, the financial center singapore. singapore remains the asian tiger and financial hub all asia. singapore also the digital hub asia. afin creating the solution and opportunities afin strongly believe that the digital currency (cryptocurrency) the century's currency mobilized global economy different level business transaction. the traditional regulated economy will and beginning grasp the notions decentralization and unhindered trade. afin digital currency utility token into reality mass consumers, provide the opportunities mass consumers digital currency platform. afin co-operative for allowing mass consumer trade afin digital currency platform easily afin's: speediness: process millions transactions and accommodating millions active users and applications; friendly interfaces: easy buy, store, transfer and user friendly decentralized apps; exponential growth: involved user base that promotes critical mass consumers/users cultivate the ecosystem and adopted millions users. afin focus afin will focus the business platform make use afin coin intermediary access and use which are widespread and beneficial both the recipient and the user. including those involved. the focus also the problems and obstacles actual use, where others are experiencing problems order the actual use afin coin most effective. afin has established its own business platform and co-operation with others platform for both the short and long term order keep with the changing dynamic business environment the current worldwide market. afin will apply blockchain technology while expanding and diversifying the businesses afin's business partners. cost effective and convenient for both the sellers and buyers. all information when using blockchain transparent and accurate cannot changed modified. all systems are highly reliable and highly automated. the smart contract reduces the time spent managing legal documents reducing legal and regulatory steps. the system more secure and cannot altered tampered with when sharing the information between multiple agencies. systems work more efficiently. corruption system using block chain technology would much more difficult. afin aims create online business platform various business entrepreneurs and groups diversified portfolio and opportune with the afin blockchain platform usages for their business applications their own business fields. applying and using the blockchain platform will further enhance and maximized the business performance. the platform will serve safe and secure money transaction and also proper documentations and ledgering with the trust plus statistical analysis data their respective business fields. afin will provide "afin online trading platform" facilitate trade and negotiation between countries, enhance and strengthen connectivity well provide accurate and date information and data fast track. consequently, the future international trade will become faster and more convenient. afin coins are not part share respond asian fintech's operation and management. afin coins can used access the business platform and order pay transfer for goods services the asian fintech (afin) business blockchain platforms others' business platform which apply afin blockchain platform including which accept afin coin media payment. these may additional privileges such discounts, premiums, other items per the specific product service each platform, may receive products and services soon afin coin held. addition, afin create innovative technology models which coblockchain system. thus, afin coin will use utility token most efficient. consequently, the afin currency prepared support the digital world the medium exchange. "cryptocurrency medium exchange, created and stored electronically, using encryption techniques control the creation monetary units and verify the transfer funds" (pwc, []. afin coin with co-blockchain system all digital transactions have record the blocks blockchain. the cryptocurrency first appeared january this was creation computer programmer using the pseudonym satoshi nakamoto. some countries, policies are being created regulate crypto currency []. afin coin digital currency (blockchain based cryptocurrency), where encryption techniques are used transfer funds globally. afin coin the utility token. utility token easily transferred athwart the network and traded cryptocurrency exchanges, can serve multitude diverse functions, from giving holders access service entitling them company payments. afin has developed co-chain system that has resulted afin currency being split into two currencies: afin and afins. co-chain derived from the word.. co-blockchain. made from more than one type blogging coordinate and work together. because each block type. there are number advantages and disadvantages the concept blog. come work with another kind. help make the most one type blogging. eliminate the disadvantages another type blogging. make the system more efficient afin has developed co-chain well. the erc- was used for the major currency, afin coin. and chose the scp standard for the afins coin, which secondary currency. details are follows. afin coin can obtained from ico funds exchanged the ethereum request for comment (ethereum request for comment which can exchanged for speculation popular board. how get afin coin through ico use other types coins via the exchange market use cash exchange via e-wallet provider use the afins coins exchanged via the afin wallet management page. received from other afin users. utilization afin coin exchange make profit the exchange and transfer others. utility token use afin platforms and and co-operate platforms. used exchange afins coin. the amount afins coin paid depends the current value afin coin the rate usd per afins coin. (this assumption fix value afins advantages the coin erc- under the structure the coin, ethereum, which the second most recognized medal the world after bitcoin, has developed consistently. can grow much more. transparent, reliable, you can check the smart contract well the history and movement all afin coin coins (eg, web check. etherscan.io) volatility value the same way, bitcoin coins can exchanged for profit (or loss) the crypto trading exchange market. disadvantage the coin the erc- standard there fee that does not suit micro-transaction (too expensive fee) takes long time complete the transaction. may take around minutes. volatility value the same way, bitcoin coins make unsuitable for use. because the uncertain and variable value any time. afins coin derivative afin developed accordance with the stellar consensus protocol (scp). use this standard develop afins coin "stable coin" and eliminate the disadvantages the erc- coin. afins coin can obtained through the exchange afin coin medallions through the user's wallet management page. the afins coin can used purchase and sell afin platforms. other services acceptance the afin coin the same the afins savings account, comparable the banknote. you can use directly with most effectively. how get afins coin from receiving payments with afins use afin coins exchanged via afin wallet management page. utilization afins coin pay platforms afin platforms get money transfer money other afin users. apply afin coin. the amount afin coin paid depends the current value afin coin rate usd per afins coin. advantages afins coin according scp standards fee. good for micro-transaction under the scp standards which had been accepted around the world. stable value, easy accept term real business transaction. make transaction minutes, faster than the erc- standard. public restful api can developed quickly connect afin. disadvantages afins coin according scp standards still takes time usual exchange between afin coin afins. cannot traded trading exchange for speculation. the outcome co-blockchain system result afin's co-chain system, afin has the ability utilize variety functions. both exchanges for speculation. the money spent instead. safe. can also used develop software connect. expand the service quickly. advantages afin co-chain architecture erc- scp safe, transparent and verifiable. afin coin can traded exchanged make profit (or loss) the crypto trading exchange market when afin coin listed up. afins coin can used most efficiency real transaction. there very low fee spend use transaction. high speed transaction. public restful api can developed quickly connect afin. figure exchange swap rate between afin and afins the conversion rate between afin and afins depends afin's market price. for example, the afin price usd then afin will able change afins with co-chain and using afins stable coin, the transaction will more efficient. both speed and fees. figure figure blockchain payment comparison the waves afin token asian fintech aims create online business platform various fields and bring the blockchain platform applications for business platforms those fields. use blockchain platform for maximum performance. terms platform accession, money transferring, collection statistical analysis data and etc. the following business fields. afin will have two waves token namely wave token and wave token shown the figure below. the first wave afin token, focused three platform and launched the year with the sales ico ico these are platforms a.) afin auction platform: asian fintech launch afin auction plat form which running afin blockchain applying afin coin medium exchange. b.) wellness reservation platform: asian fintech join and cooperate with riwigo develop and apply afin blockchain where afin coin used riwigo's wellness reservation platform (including expand worldwide). c.) crypto mining management platform: asian fintech launch afin crypto mining platform which will running afin blockchain and allow afin coin holders access and manage their own crypto mining platform which has been prepare and set very high crypto mining system controlling and management module. the second wave afin token launched the year and focused three business sector platform namely finance leasing and insurance business; entertainment gaming business, and real estate properties business which will launched the future mid-term plan, it's under research and development. figure the waves afin token afin road map based the two waves afin token, following afin road map provide clear understanding the execution the afin strategy show figure figure afin road map afin symbol and initial information the symbol afin coin "afin" and the details are follow. figure token details supply and distribution afin coin the total supply afin coin will afin. however, incremental approach will applied supplying the coin. this means that afin will supply its coin incrementally. this strengthen and enrich the afin coin price and grow the trading market well build confidence and trust from the buyers. the distribution and sales the afin coin presented figure figure distribution afin coin asian fintech's started use the first wave afin token three afin business platforms from mid-year onward. afin's executives will have range meetings with their business partners and potential partners negotiate future growth. this fund generated from the token sale pre ico and ico ico distribution overview pre-ico and ico ico afin coin sales start with the pre-ico sales with (,, afin). the pre-ico sale available only for afin's internal members such sponsors and supporters. the ico ico (,, afin) are carried globally. the detail above sale schedule presented the figure below. addition, each (,, afin) afin coin planned distribute referral program and pr, token team and advisor team. this carried out after the initial coin offering completed increments according the afin business road map. the projection ico sales afin will raise approximately dollar. pre-ico and ico buyers can sell coin the market once afin listed the trading exchange market. the referral and team, token team and advisor team will given total percent afin coin for putting this project together. the condition that these teams are not allowed sell their token more than percent their coin after six months ico trade market and another after completion one year ico. this mainly ensuring that the ico buyer's coin will retain value. the reserve token (remaining will kept and reserve for afin's future projects. afin will have full control this and will make its decisions based the market trends. anything done with the reserve token will announced publicly well afin coin holders and partners. however, afin use the second wave afin token future platform and usage mid-term plan such financing and leasing platform, insurance platform, entertainment and gaming online, etc. afin pricing the price afin coin was equal .-. dollars pre-ico. ico price will stared from dollars until the end ico sales which the price afin will equal dollars shown figure below. the estimation coin value based the increasing price cryptocurrency the international trade market. there evidence from other well-known cryptocurrencies that their trade price has increased rapidly with great benefit their buyers with this evidence, this indicates that the future the market will more lucrative and can expect high capital gain. figure ico price and schedule usage fund from wave afin token from the wave afin token, projected that from the sale pre-ico, ico ico for raise usd (or equal btc eth ,.) from the generated amount from sale pre ico, ico ico fund will used further strengthen the three afin business platforms (auction platform; wellness platform, and crypto mining management platform) shown below figure figure usage fund generated from wave afin token the fund used further development three mentioned platforms and system development; the fund used for marketization the three platforms and user acquisition and cannibalization the other token market; the fund used operation capital within two years; the fund used for the further development blockchain platform; and the fund used support the system (personnel) and legal and related the launching ico capital respectively. from the fund generated, the fund will capital reserve and back up. this mainly use for buying back afin coin (and/or afins coin) from the suppliers coin holders, order prepare and create the liquidity for them and afin ecosystem., afin blockchain technology afin will apply blockchain technology while expanding and diversifying the businesses afin's platform business and partners. cost effective and convenient for both the sellers and buyers. all information when using blockchain transparent and accurate cannot changed modified. all systems are highly reliable and highly automated. the smart contract reduces the time spent managing legal documents reducing legal and regulatory steps. the system more secure and cannot altered tampered with when sharing the information between multiple agencies. systems work more efficiently. corruption system using block chain technology would much more difficult. a.) afin auction platform auction sector the world grow and further increase the contribution towards global auction business. asia there significant increase the auction business and the end this business will grow with exponentially. afin has high level expertise and technology the auction and financial system and supported strong ties the national auction system, supported government each country, and are able make auction transactions effectively and efficiently. however, asian countries need interconnect through the auction system. this will further enhance the government each country systemizing the auction system, providing the best infrastructure and best prices. afin focus its auction sector beginning with thailand and asian countries. afin auction platform provide four major services starting with automobile industry follows: auction organize service, under this service, afin organized auction all the products such auctioning and managing cars and motorcycles individuals, juristic person, government and government agencies. online auction system, afin provide online auction over the internet with the supporting operation smartphones ios and android. the online, bidding and buying action are carried real time. this system applicable provide sector organizations and government procure goods and service, subcontractors. under this afin follows two type auction namely forward auction and reverse auction: afin auction platform earning commission fee from success products services sale price. it's depend type products service sales platform the range between -%. advertisement fee from advertising sponsorships platform. figure auction platform with blockchain benefits forward auction, sales model which mean the highest bidder the winner. with the development global technology, afin provide this auction through e-auction real time that users customers can home work while doing e-auctioning. "e-auction electronic auction, which part the electronic purchasing process. and also bidding buying auction real time. the system applicable private section organizations and government procure good service and subcontractor". reverse auction, this the purchase auction with the lowest bidders wins. this could buying materials, office supplies, computer equipment, hiring service. afin implement this auction with the partner with the insurance company. afin will further enhance the auction business platform this region. afin auction platform take the advantages blockchain technology and migrate the auction process onto the blockchain network further enhance the auction business platform. with the integration blockchain technology and adoption the decentralization applications and smart contracts, afin will further enhance and constantly upgrade afin auction platform. afin will improve and redesign afin functionality and strengthen the auction platform: forward and reverse auction. figure example auction figure afin auction program figure afin auction procedure with smart contract there growing demand vehicles globally. the report berger (), has indicated that the average compound annual growth rate (cagr) car sales latin, america, africa, middle east and southeast asia would between with comparison bric countries (brazil, russia, india and china). southeast asia car sales from cagr []. southeast asia especially the car industry growing very fast. indonesia, thailand, malaysia, the philippines, vietnam and singapore hold one the most promising car markets the world, ranking one notch below germany, the fifth largest []. also, thailand ranked top among the world's vehicle producer. terms sales domestic, thailand ranked the world, asia and asean the same time myanmar and cambodia largest used car buyers figure thailand car production from source: boi, the automotive industry thailand contributed the gdp with "with more than million vehicles produced and worth usd billion these successes ranked the country the largest automotive producer southeast asia and the world automotive hub asia" []. the the production car the pickup truck along with passenger car shown the figure above. report from boi, indicated that the thailand car production has increased annually since []. the automobile industry thailand accelerates the economy thailand larger and stronger economy []. this mainly because high skilled human capital. the year million human capital are the automotive industries covering every process the production automobile industry thailand. boi report indicated that the the workforce thai automobile industry are highly skilled labors []. involvement human capital automobile industries, growing annually shown the figure below. figure thailand car production from source: boi, the evidenced growing demand the vehicle thailand and southeast asia, afin synergized strengths (privacy, transparent, trust, reliable, and technology) and core values (figure and take this opportunity create the largest auction business platform starting with the mekong region with the afin auction model (figure figure afin core values figure afin auction module the auction platform with the integration blockchain technology, the service available for both users well for sellers trading with afin coin (and/or afins coin) the details are shown below. figure afin auction model afin auction platform services functionality for user/buyer/seller using afin coin users sellers offering rent able set the price organize auction sell free any type vehicle charges placement until the vehicle sold free search for dealership centers accept deposit for the vehicle afin coin tokens the afin auction platform search and buy any type vehicle purchase vehicle insurance participate auctions transfer afin tokens other users accept payment afin tokens the afin auction platform receive notifications either phone email afin mobile app regarding interested buyers receive reminders either phone email afin mobile app about scheduled vehicle maintenance find repair manuals afin mobile app buyers able create customized search with detailed search options related their specific vehicle requirements receive auto-notifications either phone email afin mobile app for new vehicles that match customized search type receive auto-notifications either phone email afin mobile app for vehicles the watch list where price reduced ability cross check the vehicle background and maintenance activities directly the afin auction platform via license plate number ability book vehicle via the afin auction platform with without deposit afin coin ability pay for vehicle afin tokens the afin auction platform calculate future vehicle costs like insurance, pending maintenance, repairs needed the auction platform able get the schedule vehicle maintenance afin auction platform services functionality for dealerships/auction houses/insurance providers/vehicle service centers using afin coin dealerships auction houses vehicle service centers insurance providers govern easily and manage one more auctions time with multiple categories vehicles plus administrating and managing the policies, assess risk and control cost well track and manage jobs related events opportunity sell vehicles for fixed price organize auctions able organize time and live online auction bidding aiming feature for customers that need insurance renewal per specific criteria targeting feature for customers the area who have upcoming scheduled maintenance premium calculator perform quick and easy calculations according specific criteria client engagement and retention via automatic service reminders through afin mobile application sms auto-call phone email specialize dealer blog page with customized design serve primary dealership webpage auctions available any device opportunity offer vehicles for rent real time with high quality video and audio with real time updates all bidders having bidder privacy settings analytics feature better analyze risk afin automated process for book keeping record and track revenue, expenses and profits can have details statistics per advertisement auction sniping and relisting with automatic handling ending auctions automated processes from quote claim afin automated invoicing process plus afin's supply chain management features can viewed its historical order quantities, track purchases and inventory, create orders, pay invoices analytics features analyze job duration and resource utilization can post unlimited number advertisement with the given conditions customizable email templates customize templates and features available for easy data exchange with other insurance systems will have additional finance management instruments the platform manage sales, overall operational costs, and profits accept payments afin coin tokens well fiat currencies business solutions for both and clients with physical signature available ability use buy now (fixed price) feature afin vision become global auction platform any products from antiques, luxurious art products par with top five auction house: christie's, sotheby's, poly auction, china guardian and heritage auction, the global platform. these top auction houses account half global auction market value []. the report mcandrew indicated that sales public auction fine and decorative are and antiques reached show the figure below. this sale "up year year with the uplift driven strong sales the high end" []. figure global market for public auction sales (us$ billion) source: mcandrew, according the mcandrew report, the events art fairs sales exist since six decades back and earliest from and however, since there geographically spread arts sales and grown immensely. the year there were approximately more than major international art fair was organized. this number increased rapidly and there were more than major fairs held internationally. addition this, there are more than arts fair sales were held regionally and locally smaller scale that cover arts and collectibles market. addition, the study zhong (), indicated that "in china's art market represented per cent the total global auction market and became the second-largest market globally terms total sales value for fine and decorative art" []. this indicates that market for arts are growing and auction market would benefited. afin willing enter the arts and antique action market afin coin medium currency exchange. afin will further diversifying its auction business platform property and realestate market. there are growing market auctioning properties. the finding wong and his team study indicated that the characteristics property auction such "proximity the city center, number previous auction attempts and number online viewers are positively related sale price and sale probability" []. this regard, afin will focus its property auction offline and online with the current partners thailand and will further expands its property auction through asia and other continents accepting the afin coin medium currency exchange. this context, afin will synergized its core value and further strengthen the platform from the funding from first wave afin token: the afin team committed main pillar which the idea for decentralization rests upon afin will build free use platform for everyone dealerships, sellers, buyers, insurance companies, auctioneers, vehicle service centers, bloggers, writers, readers and anyone else who might benefit from it. through the advertisement, the platform monetizes from the provided services and eventually get income from them. afin follow the blue ocean business strategy which has been adopted all major internet platforms such facebook, google, snapchat, line. while the afin platform use but will contain nonintrusive ads which will the source for revenue provided add follows the local government policies. afin has high level expertise and technology the auction and financial system and supported strong ties the national auction system, supported government each country, and are able make auction transactions effectively and efficiently. however, countries need interconnect through the auction system. this will further enhance the government each country systemizing the auction system, providing the best infrastructure and best prices. b.) wellness reservation platform globally there increasing trends the wellness business and per global wellness institute report, indicated that the market grown from trillion dollar from shown the following diagram and expected grow further trillion end the main reason the growing interest nourishing and improving health driven aging. the same time rising impact climate change the health well global epidemic chronic disease and stress, and the failure the 'sick-care' medical model improve quality life. figure global wellness economy asian fintech join and cooperate with riwigo develop and apply afin blockchain where afin coin and/ afins coin used riwigo's wellness reservation platform for greater efficiency. and expand the platform worldwide. riwigo discounted online wellness booking platform for services such spa, beauty parlors, fitness, aesthetics, etc.in thailand (at this moment) riwigo offers real-time booking platform with discount and instant confirmation via. yield management and time-based discounts engine. unlike competitors, are having higher gtv, better product experience and faster. riwigo platform ranked one best startup platforms from nearly startups, over countries around the world and number discount reservation platform for wellness thailand. riwigo connect empty wellness with unwell humans via time-based discount yield management (in the wellness business hae not adopted yield management concept yet) problems the wellness business: merchants' problems nature business spa and salons required booked advance: merchants need solution. average occupancy are less that most the hotel and day spas. very less traffic during off-peak hours. marketing cost roi are not viable for them compared hotels and restaurants. wellness centers have not adopted yield management concepts yet. customers' problems easy way book spa and salon for hrs. days with instant confirmation. long queues waiting peak times. scores tourists crowding the venues. easy way purchase gift vouchers coupons for range spas price segment. spa and grooming gift vouchers are among top gift options nowadays. easy way for corporates, events organizers, mice, groups, ota etc. book with one few aggregators. world's billion workers are increasingly unwell. (source: global wellness institute) incentive off-peak times the riwigo platform, combined with the application afin co-blockchains and afin and afins coin, both the service provider and the customer can linked each other and the transactions are carried out quickly and efficiently. all reservation, payment and review are reliable the block chain. wellness reservation platform user/buyer/seller using afin coin users option various wellness service sellers (wellness service provider) able set the price and provide the wellness service details reserve any type wellness service charges placement until the services are purchased and used free search for any wellness service providers accept deposit the charges afin coin tokens search and buy any type wellness services accept payment afin tokens coin purchase wellness service packages book advance customized wellness packages transfer afin tokens other users send notifications either phone email afin mobile app regarding interested buyers send reminders either phone email afin mobile app about scheduled customized wellness service schedules accept payment afin tokens coin for other users buyers able create customized search with detailed search options related their specific wellness services receive auto-notifications either phone email afin mobile app for new wellness services that match customized search type receive auto-notifications either phone email afin mobile app for services the watch list where wellness services are available ability cross check the wellness service provider background and maintenance activities directly the wellness reservation platform ability book wellness service packages via wellness reservation platform with without deposit afin coin ability pay for the service afin tokens the wellness reservation platform ability know the new wellness services packages able get the schedule wellness service details key metrics july contracts with more than reputed merchants venues around thailand signed up. more than downloads and registered users last months soft launch. average monthly active users (mau) more than users. facebook likes, achieve more than likes more than bookings. repeat users are more than platform business models booking commission fee: top get time based discounts for users. travel agency: from corporation booking, groups, land transport, offline booking. advertising: product placements websites, notification, booking confirmation, etc. final outcomes with the strength afin and its core value and business platform, afin will further expand riwigo business globally achieve riwigo visions: no# global wellness platform based yield management. no# ratings and reviews for wellness. no# solutions and resource provider for hotel industry. key adopter tech: artificial intelligence, machine learning afin coin holders will able access platform and use afin-s coin (even afin) for booking make reservation and may get more some special discount privilege each merchants' proposal. the trend wellness more and more. the people the world have turned their attention and spend lot time this. our road map extends the riwigo platform using the afin co-blockchain system, which will further expand the coverage the world. term speed transaction, data storage and analysis, the transfer fee effective. this useful both for service providers and service buyers. trustworthy blockchain smart contract-based ratings and review platform for wellness. customers and merchants rate and review each other. c.) crypto mining management platform why crypto mining business still has the future? cryptocurrency mining, it's topic that everyone who's interested cryptocurrency story has heard. the past few years, there are several incidents that triggered storm surge the cryptocurrency area, such the sudden crossover value. soaring ten times. because there are people who follow the news. pay attention bitcoin, make that moment. there are many investors, become millionaire blink eye. the good news being millionaire, the impact wide. many people see that bitcoin shortcut millions that are not beyond reach. investors turned their attention the business cryptocurrency. some you use the original cost playing stock. bring cash exchange coins. keep profit the future (trading line) some people who have enough technical knowledge. computerized investment the crypto mining and especially heavy mines. they bought asic computer specially designed for digging bitcoin. bitcoin this period pretty. you have many profits since the first investment ever. but the end, the gold ends. with the anti-inflation mechanism the chip itself. the longer the day. the so-called difficulty will increase, takes more time dig. and when spend more time. will affect the cost digging electricity. many mining investors have trouble digging, not worth paying for electricity. this event makes people interested the message curtain call cryptocurrency some misunderstand that. digital mining has come dead end. but the truth reversed. even though the mining bitcoin experiencing difficulties, luckily, the world cryptocurrency does not have just bitcoin. there are also many other coins, such ethereum, zcash, dash.these coins are collectively called alternative coin (alt coin). the popular alt coin, such ethereum, can use the same computer that was used dig bitcoin (except the asic designed dig only the bitcoin), resulting higher values alt coin. that means that digital mining has future. you choose the right coin. you can still make profit. but even mining investment, will cost less and profit more than trading line. most investors are also facing another major obstacle. that technical knowledge. technical knowledge, very important for mining investors. investors are required operate the rig required. you have deep understanding. can enhanced dig more coins. without technical knowledge. almost impossible invest the line. crypto mining management platform the perfect solution for those who are interested investing crypto mining. need for technical knowledge. the rig can controlled the same level the installation and maintenance. more such lower electricity bills than residential electricity. not waste space. and because the mines are extremely hot, the crypto mining management platform will help investors. save money investment cooling equipment. including fire risk. afin crypto mining management platform afin will prepare the platform for miner's digger customers can use afin coins and/or afins pay for electricity and services including but the mining equipment from beginning. crypto mining management platform large mining control system. can support more than units per cluster and can expand designed. customers can control the mine through the website. whether wallet setting for transfer the outcome coin keep. setting the coins they want mining. detailed control command card level. control systems are designed with ease use mind. users can learn how control the rig within minutes without the need for technical knowledge. have been investing, researching, developing and planning over units. expect able run the platform and operation within august (our first co-crypto mining located thailand picture below) the large mdb cabinets have prepared for the power supply are available for over units. the rig has been installed. and working steel frame with electrical and internet serving for more than units. demo crypto mining management program online remote crypto mining control site users can choose the coins they want example -unit mining: dig the coin ethereum nano pool into the wallets according the user-defined address. user can track status including editing orders any time. highlights afin crypto mining management platform for the one who has enough space, but invested the digging business digital mines. for those who are unfamiliar with the area ventilation and electrical systems, such residents the condo. users not need technical knowledge. can controlled remotely. online mining management system you can choose the coins you want dig. and change any time. stable with two high speed internet. automatic alternate use another line immediately encountered the problem. transparently dig into the pockets the users directly. check the progress the excavation through the nanopool you choose directly. middle pockets, risk the central pocket being espionage. the one who worry about latent costs worries about investing power supplies. lower cost electricity installed the household. average, the platform will use watts electricity, which will cost only per unit. -hour security with cctv and guard system. not carry fire risk. crypto mining management platform's service fee per unit and estimated return. case example rig installed with amd asus graphics cards per unit digging eth per month. the exchange rate eth per usd, then the platform will earn usd. after deduction the net income per month per unit. these figures. it's only approx. since the eth currency has fluctuated, its value has changed. therefore, the impact the net profit. cost set mining equipment monthly expense electricity manage service fee total monthly expense estimate outcome per month eth usd mining capacity for unit eth per month afins (equal usd) afins (equal usd) eth estimate gain usd per month estimate gain usd per year return investment (roi) (equal usd) estimate outcome per month eth usd mining capacity for unit eth per month estimate gain usd per month estimate gain usd per year return investment (roi) eth (equal usd) the figures are estimation and based the current situation. the electricity cost, manage service fee may modified the platform has higher cost from future situation. the amount mined coins per month estimation. the actual amount may lower higher than this depends ethereum mining difficulty. conclusions afin's online trading platforms will facilitate the trade and negotiation between counties. this regard, afin coin prepared support the digital world the medium exchange. afin business complies with public social responsibility. globally, users per day are adding the cryptocurrency trading platform. the largest cryptocurrency company the world (binance) revealed that users are adding per day their trading platform 'staggering with billion dollars daily trading volume" []. this indicates that future growth cryptocurrency trading going lucrative globally. from asia, afin would like top cryptocurrency company the region. afin coin's ecosystem circulation opens new opportunities both for individual, private and public sector well for society itself. afin will soon become full-fledged means financial transaction (payment) tool especially for the growing small and medium businesses worldwide. the diverse and powerful utility token with co-blockchain afin coin. asian fintech pte. ltd. marina bay financial centre singapore tel. website: www.afincoin.io email: info@afincoin.io info@asianfintech.io (asian fintech pte ltd incorporated singapore under uen references kakavand, hossein and kost sevres, nicolette, (), the blockchain revolution: analysis regulation and technology related distributed ledger technologies, luther systems. available accessed may seebacher, stefan and schuritz, ronny, (), blockchain technology enabler service systems: structured literature review, za, stefano., dragoicea, monica, and cavallari, mauriziop, proceeding exploring service science, international conference iess, italy. theparat, chatrudee, (), ico and taken rules take shape, available line accessed march pwc, (), money object: understanding the evolving cryptocurrency market, available online accessed feb berger, rolland, (), thinking act automotive insights beyond mainstream, available accessed june kotani, hiroshi, (), southeast asia's new car sales for second straight year available accessed june pwc, (), riding southeast asia's automotive highway, available accessed june yongpaisanphob, wanna, (), thailand industry outlook automobile industry, available accessed june roughneen, simon (), booming southeast asian vehicle sales drive urban congestion, available access june mcandrew, clare, (), the art market available accessed june zhong, hui, (), china's new law art auction, art, antiquity and law, vol issue pp. woei-chyuan wong, janice yim mei lee, nasir daud, pooi leng ng, "seller ethnicity and property characteristics: foreclosure sales malaysia", international journal housing markets and analysis, vol. issue: pp.-, https://doi.org/./ijhma--permanent link this document: https://doi.org/./ijhma--- yoing, joseph, (), exponential growth: cryptocurrency exchange are adding users per day, available accessed feb