world turtle coin (turtl) whitepaper sticker-based mmorpg platform and marketplace version abstract world turtle coin preparing launch platform enabling rebirth and reinvention the thousands existing beloved free-to-play text-based games that were precursors modern day mmorpgs and messaging apps. the new games will mobile and sticker-based, scalable millions users, and will take advantage the advent micropayments make money from free-to-play games, all while taking advantage existing assets, including those already possessed world turtle coin well those held thousands other content creators across the world. background summary gaming the first two decades the century has been dominated mmorpg titans such world warcraft and everquest well casual and mobile games such pokemon go!, candy crush, and mafia wars, all which have turned free-to-play micropayment based model bring their owners massive financial success. the very first multiplayer online role-playing game the internet was multi user dungeon (mud), created the immersive gameplay, puzzle solving, exploring, and interacting with other players made the mud genre common entertainment choice for college students, and later, bored office workers (the two places where you could find dedicated internet connections). the internet became more consumer oriented the mud continued home for players all ages and locations the world. since the early days this genre games has evolved from text adventures the graphical games starting with simple ones such king's quest and leisure suit larry, and later ultima online, everquest, and world warcraft. parallel development, starting with myspace and moving facebook and the apple and android app spaces, free-to-play social games supported micropayments have become the online spaces where people spend their idle time, whether that lying bed standing line sitting the toilet. games like mafia wars, candy crush, and words with friends have long since become the socially accepted addictions people use keep long distance relationships with friends and family, well fill sleepless nights and rainy days with strangers, just like muds were for college students the days yore. the world turtle coin developers believe the now ubiquitous always-on home and mobile internet connection for computers and smartphones, and widespread adoption both social games and online role playing games, along with the developer's backgrounds these spaces, provides the developers with opportunity rebuild this beloved entertainment form and extend new ways via what the developers see inevitable reconvergence these temporarily divergent technologies mmorpgs and always-connected social networks. for over years, prior the consumer acceptance the micropayment model, like most other administrators, the main developers this project worked their primary mud deadofnight (as well others) hobby, public service, and labor love. the creators and administrators, they created and managed diverse and changing team players turned programmers who expanded the world shared vision. over two decades, the deadofnight mud alone (created the world turtle coin developers) was home tens thousands players from all over the globe. the developers also helped the mud ecosystem through their professional careers, providing hosting numerous other games when the internet hosting scene was far more complicated than today. compare today's online games, apps, and messaging services muds the past, many aspects these text based games, particularly communications and easy socializing, are still unmatched the mmos today. effect, muds were small social network with sophisticated use emoticons and emotion focused grammars for flirting and discussions. muds attracted casual players whose dedication became anything but casual and who liked stay logged all the time (before being connected was commonplace) not just play but for social interaction. this model fits with today's always connected smartphones and always-on broadband connection. establishing crypto coin, world turtle coin (turtl) along with successful initial coin offering (ico), would allow decades existing game assets utilized moving deadofnight today's standards computers, smartphones and tablets. this coin would also used within the games themselves for those players who wish enhance their user experience with user generated content. deadofnight, the first world turtle coin game online, has always been free play and will continue free. however, current free play games have made micropayments commonplace, allowing muds like deadofnight become profit centers for their creators. micropayments the form turtl coins through app store purchases will allow game enhancements. time, the turtl coin will also used other unique online realities the completed world turtle platform will used help create other virtual worlds. utilizing their software project experience and game development experience, the world turtle developers have broken the work down into achievable chunks that can realized discrete ico funding levels. the most basic level would allow the development sticker-based version deadofnight harvested, enhanced and reborn played any modern browser, first step. further funding levels would provide resources create smartphone access, in-game app development, and generalizing modern gaming backend other developers could take advantage the existing assets and rebuild other muds into up-to-date, income-generating, sticker-based mobile games and messaging services without starting from scratch. drawing representing the world turtle mytheme published the u.s. before and public domain the u.s. market the opportunity represented this ico tremendous. billion gamers across the globe are expected generate billion in-game revenues this represents increase billion, .%, from the year before. digital game revenues will account for billion the global market. mobile gaming the most lucrative segment, with smartphone and tablet gaming growing year year billion, claiming the market. the year predicted that mobile gaming will represent just more than half the total games market. *image from newzoo.com https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach---billion-in--with-mobile-taking-/ the sheer size the global game market means that even something "retro" mud will have audience. also, nostalgia will provide initial user base: retro gaming has seen revival recently. nintendo sold over million nintendo retro classic nes game systems. classic games such mario and pokemon have been updated, moved smartphones, and become instant hits. costs acquire new mobile game users income per user the cost acquire mobile user ranges from for android user for ios user. the average mobile user spends month in-app purchases. this means well received game can have sustained profitability. popular game also means there will large playerbase need turtl coins, whether direct from world turtle the open exchanges. while may presumptuous compare potential revenue the top mobile games, the purpose this graph show the wide range income between game genres. the developers believe deadofnight, for example, may fall into the building games category much like minecraft, sims simcity, though may well fall into combat fantasy oriented category like many the top games. however the product currently has mobile history support this belief, this should not taken guarantee. *image and states from slice.com https://intelligence.slice.com/hardly-pocket-change-mobile-gamers-spend-an-average-of--dollars-on-in-app-purcha ses/ deadofnight mud (the first game reborn the world turtle platform) started deadofnight ran for over years text based, multiplayer online role playing game. there was heavy active development for the first years; the game itself continued for over years more afterwards. the game had tens thousands players from all over the world. after sufficient achievements, players could also become developers (as many muds) help enhance the game. systems and teams were place help new developers learn and foster their projects. there were hundreds developers who helped create vibrant world with tens thousands rooms and dozens unique player races, multiple classes and hundreds spells, abilities and skills. the game itself, with all developer contributions, had over million lines code. top the actual game itself, there were many social aspects the best muds. players and developers came from surprising mix backgrounds. there were students, retired persons, doctors, engineers; deadofnight even had chaos physicist and rocket scientist (well, aeronautical engineer). multiple communication channels allowed for wide variety simultaneous and ongoing discussion options. players could form join adventuring parties work together group. players could also form clans and create clan halls, giving them permanent base operations. users would often take breaks from their adventures and play games within the game including card games, board games, trivia, and others. unfortunately the underlying framework muds did not keep evolving survive into the age always-connected smartphones with small screens, unreliable signal and different input methods. taking hobby game, matter how popular, and converting into fully modern, multi device, game system requires time and resources. successful ico will move deadofnight and other muds into the new age and build bridge for the rest the mudding world cross that divide. while deadofnight will continue free play game, micropayments and turtl coins will able used enhance the user experience. particular attention will made ensure the game does not become pay win experience and that turtl coins are stabilizing force rather than inflationary force the participating game economies. previously, deadofnight's system (and similar lpmuds) ran gpl driver which required the game entirely free play. successful funding would allow new method used instead the gpl driver. this would allow for microtransactions used support and profit making system. the actual game content has restrictions (like most muds) and the property the deadofnight project which owned turn the developers. all previous game content can used and adapted the new platform. the developers deadofnight (and likely other participating muds) will also reach out the previous content creators see they are interested working new content and expand the game with new capabilities. once deadofnight has been migrated, will used the "model home" demonstrate the way forward for other muds and their administrators. world turtle coin and market the world turtle coin (turtl) will used create virtual worlds named after the world turtle, mytheme various mythologies the world turtle was popularized wonderful author and builder fantasy world, terry pratchett the name world turtle coin was chosen because will build our world top and the rest the world developers will follow. the turtl coin will utilize the waves platform for handling our product. waves enterprise ready platform designed handle crowdfunding while being fast, scalable and secure. this frees the world turtle developers and future world developers from making new crypto token, allowing them work bringing forth virtual world new messaging platform. all million turtl coins are waves tokens and were pre-created and are non re-issuable, meaning more turtl coins can created. the ico money goals are met and some pre-mined coins still exist, those extra coins will retained the company used for further development purposes. the turtl coin the waves platform already exists windows, mac. linux, and android and iphone apps. while the stated goal turtl coin will fund development the world turtle market and its initial world, deadofnight and other virtual world games, once the coin released any coin holder can use the coin like many other crypto currencies. anticipate turtl coin appearing additional online services beyond the scope deadofnight and its world turtle mud brethren. example other world developers, turtl coins will also integrated into the deadofnight game itself. part the world turtle market, this includes turtl coins will used for micropayments buy gold and certain items the game. turtl coins will allow any player create their own areas using area creator tools. this allows others players see and adventure the created areas. depending the player's vision the area may utopia, lay claim the lives other adventurers. deadofnight will allow turtl coin holders bid programming contracts. turtl coins can used for user party and clan specific enhancements. turtl coin holders can vote which future development projects should undertaken deadofnight. turtl coin users can buy access private areas only accessible them and selected guests. these would range from areas adventure with increased rewards quiet areas socialize. cross-game auction system will allow players sell virtual goods other players, this system will only accept turtl coins. some specialized goods may usable more than one virtual game, others will for specific games. the ico process the world turtle ico will handled with cryptocurrencies. turtl token the waves network, will accept waves. the ico involves crypto currencies will also use the original crypto coin, bitcoin. ico participants will register the website https://ico.worldturtlecoin.com participants will need enter email address and create password. email verification will done ensure the ico participant can reached. each user will also have enter waves address for their turtl tokens sent once the ico finished. when the ico sale begins, those wanting use bitcoin will see unique address for them send their btc. those wanting use waves will see waves address send to. with any ico purchase, the website will show the number turtl coins the user will receive upon the completion the ico. the website will also have running countdown clock and stats all purchases. the ico sale will end when the maximum goal million usd equivalent met, days pass. the turtl ico will last for weeks. during the ico, turtl coins will sold the ico supporters with value usd per turtl coins. the first days the sale will give all ico participants increase turtl coins. usd will receive turtl coins. after the initial days, the bonus will the price will usd per turtl coins. the third and fourth week the price will usd per turtl coins. the minimum goal not met, the ico will have failed and all supporting funds will returned the participants. upon successful completion, the turtl coins will transfer each participant. goals goal usd equivalent full turtl roll out awareness efforts convert years game assets and relaunch deadofnight for the web. allow turtl coins used in-game implement the world turtle auction house and marketplace using turtl coins goal million usd equivalent all the above, plus release android and iphone apps for smartphone playing world turtle games. goal million usd equivalent all the above, plus release the platform created with the new deadofnight mud adaptation other development teams using the systems create their own stand alone virtual worlds. these worlds will also accept turtl coins and participate the world turtle auction house and marketplace goal million usd equivalent all the above, plus create api allow stand alone apps access in-game data, such recent chats dashboard app for your player's phones publish example api game within game app (e.g. row) expanded goal descriptions our goals depend upon the funding level achieved, the more funding the more goals that can achieved. and above the world turtle coin will using the waves platform which provides windows, macos, linux, android and ios wallets. traditional services that build crypto community such faucets, signature campaigns, twitter bonuses, and forums will utilized. ongoing development updates will allow the community know what happening. moving the years game assets deadofnight modern service will take time and much development effort. since the entire system will have reworked run modern networks and scale seamlessly, new driver (the parser for the area and interface code mud) will have designed and created from the ground up. traditional muds require deprecated and specialized connection programs with security (telnet) order usable. this needless hassle and hindrance gaining new users. the new games the world turtle platform will playable modern web browsers. the game itself will allow players use turtl coin. there will special shops allowing players exchange turtl for in-game resources specialized equipment. further, in-game contests will reward players turtl. these may simple, such the first player collect certain item. they may more complex. example, over the course calendar year deadofnight often had specialized quests... one occurred over the christmas holiday where players would hunt down santa and his reindeer win prize. million and above all the work described the previous funding level's description will delivered, along with smartphone apps allow android and iphones play the deadofnight model world turtle game. while the web and smartphones are similar there are challenges because screen size, different programming environments, bandwidth differences, intermittent connectivity and human computer interface differences (hence stickers). million and above along with all previous descriptions, there will additional goal delivered. there have been many muds and similar games over the years. each virtual world had its own identity, atmosphere, and playing style. most longer exist because the game technology has not been able keep with user needs. this funding level will solve that problem for the mud community. with additional funding, the ability will exist use the world turtle platform the backend solution for additional virtual worlds. each world will also use turtl coins some fashion enhance the player's enjoyment and also expand the coin usage. muds came many subtypes and many genres, including science fiction, fantasy, western, cyberpunk, steampunk, sex dungeon, low fantasy, gothic horror, etc. successful funding would allow players have multitude genres, play styles, and more choose from. million and above all the work the previous funding levels' descriptions will delivered. also, deadofnight and some other muds had many games played within the game. often times players would sit around socializing and playing these games rather than adventuring. these included variety card games, board games and puzzle games. another was trivia service that allowed people play trivia and chat with players in-game without actually being logged into the game, allowing dedicated mudders (some might say addicts) stay always connected their social group even when not connected their game. extra development funds would allow apis created allow developers tie into world turtle platform based world for simple games apps without requiring them logged in. just few possible examples include universal chat application talk people both and out the game, scheduling for game clan activities, allowing in-game mail accessed out game. roadmap the following roadmap includes estimates time frames and brief description. concept development may july determine the needs the project, break the project into funding levels, determine costs, write whitepaper. establish the ico procedure create the digital token ico august september prepare for the ico, publicize, the ico, handle all questions about the ico asset mining oct dec evaluate and move years game assets new asset management system web rollout oct june create new scalable game engine that allows the existing assets converted and used. also create tools allow new game assets created. create the methods for using turtl in-game, auctions, and player content creation tools. once the basic engine and assets are deployed, beta testing will begin get community feedback. mobile rollout july dec allow smartphone users play the game. also publish game app utilizing the in-game api allow additional smartphone app interact with the virtual world some way. platform rollout jan apr allow other developers use the created backend systems create their own virtual world. this will require suite administration tools that allows everything modified the creator's needs. original developers will work with initial group early adopters ensure successful releases these games their players and the world turtle market. cost breakdown breakdown costs category associated with the project follows. costs are projected for total year development cycle. while these are very basic, overly broad categories and corresponding budgets, this show overall how the company will spending funds and not complete pro-forma budget traditional business plan. this whitepaper for ico, not business plan for investment. goal and above costs the basic goal will have full time developers working full time for years along with costs such servers, bug bounties and basic operations. also there will some limited contract work, primarily some limited art assets. developer budget per developer, per year infrastructure costs (hardware, connections, etc) party assets (artwork, specialized contract development) bug bounties operations legal million goal and above costs adding smartphone usage will require additional developers who will focus smartphones. some the backend will require additional development meet the unique considerations mobile devices. utilizing multi platform development product can reduce overall client development needs. however each our target platforms will present unique challenges and are budgeting for contract work meet those needs. additional staff developer per year backend support for smartphone android client iphone client (while plan use multi platform product, testing and development needs will require bringing additional developers and contract work for the platforms) party assets for smartphone clients end user support: additional infrastructure: advertising bug bounties: additional operations million and above costs the goal create ready service for any other group individual start new, modern, smartphone enabled mud with the ability tie the apis and turtl coin infrastructure. also items, enhancements and services that are truly universal between all muds will facilitated players can benefit from world turtle coins more than one virtual world. this will require more than simple name change program allow this work complete integration will necessary. additional staff developer per year additional infrastructure additional operations additional end user support mud developer support bug bounties party assets documentation for external developers contracts for new example areas additional legal contracts security audits advertising contract work testing misc million and above costs the goal using the world turtle platform application platform will require further development work. this brings added security concerns, backend service requirements, and the creation example apps. additional staff developer per year party assets additional infrastructure bug bounties additional operations additional end user support world turtle api client support additional legal contracts documentation for world turtle api clients example api tied new mud security audit advertising contract work testing value proposition the developers intend create platform and methodology take old time, free play game, and improve include micropayments, improved human computer interface utilizing stickers, and make playable the web and smartphones. team bios this proven team. all have worked together successful projects before. the two keiths have worked projects together since their college days engineering school the early while they both enjoyed running deadofnight hobby, they also worked professionally together local internet provider which grew into regional and then national provider. during this time they hosted numerous muds through the service provider. they also co-founded business oriented auction service during the dotcom era, which was computing best the best service. they both discovered bitcoin and have been involved various crypto projects since. with successful ico the main developers would focus full time the deadofnight project. keith kelley once and future technologist who was quite enjoying his early retirement writing his little books until this project came along. keith capped off year career library technology writing the book the subject. his year technology career included working for some the early internet providers, software development and project management and budgeting for all manner businesses from manufacturers dotcoms both full time and consultant. hadn't planned coming out retirement until his former colleague came him with this intriguing idea. keith pitcher has been involved with internet based businesses for over two decades. early founded locallink, internet service provider. soon afterwards co-founded comauction, business business auction site. comauction had diverse range clients ranging from large multi nationals such and whirlpool small local businesses. this effort lead comauction being computing best the best due his work comauction, keith was ernst and young entrepreneur the year finalist. after sold locallink early keith has focused variety development projects, including number dealing with crypto currencies. jason crome software and business veteran, with career spanning more than two decades. cofounder devnet, inc. and his business partners grew their company from nothing into nationally-recognized provider software and service for local government. his software devnet has calculated billions dollars property taxes for millions properties across states and one canadian province. since "retiring" jason has worked developer for haproxy, well contractor for mmorpg. the days deadofnight, jason ran sister mud, and collaborated with keith and keith number occasions the developers will paid salary for their work. they will not receive any turtl coin bonuses access any excess coins held the company until each the major milestones are met. the ico process will leave the company with minimum million turtl coins, the developers will split million turtl coin bonus per milestone. disclaimer beyond the developers named, world turtle coin has not been endorsed any other company person mentioned linked this whitepaper, including but not limited android, github, ios, jessica mulligan, linux, macos, mario, minecraft, newzoo.com, nes, nintendo, pokemon, simcity, sims, slice.com, terry pratchett, venture beat, waves, wikipedia, windows. the charts and data provided are for comparison purposes only. world turtle coin has projections for future user base microtransaction amounts. this ico not meant security financial investment. all coins are pre-purchase tokens which will usable games currently under development. purchasing world turtle coin will not give any ownership profit sharing the company. the roadmap and milestones given are best estimates but are not binding. the developers are committed good gaming experience which may cause milestones missed. there assurance that any time the future world turtle coins may usable for anything other than in-game tokens. the game will online service, utilizing waves which online blockchain service, there possibility that flaws may found these services which may cause outages. malware, viruses, and computer failure may allow turtl coins stolen lost from the end user's computing devices. sources mulligan, jessica; patrovsky, bridgette (). eveloping online games: insider's guide new riders. isbn --- [...] final version mud completed richard bartle. essex goes the arpanet, resulting internet muds newzoo.com https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach---billion-in--wi th-mobile-taking-/ venturebeat.com https://venturebeat.com////ios-user-acquisition-costs-soar-in-march-while-android-cost s-dip/ slice.com https://intelligence.slice.com/hardly-pocket-change-mobile-gamers-spend-an-average-of--doll ars-on-in-app-purchases/ wikipedia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_turtle wikipedia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terry_pratchett. whitepaper last edited sep