eristica network global decentralized platform personal and mass challenges authors: nikita akimov, alex nabokov september motivation from times immemorial, people have been making bets. one the earliest bets known the mankind the one that cleopatra and mark antony made. this story, the queen bet that she could drink wine that cost million sesterces one meal. so, she dissolved million sesterces worth pearls into glass wine and drank gulp! legend has that this how cleopatra won the bet. the term eristica derived from the greek eristike techne, which translates to, "the art winning disputes". known that ancient greeks had very keen eye for bets. matter fact, the whole greek mythology steeped the idea rivalry between gods and people for good reason. fast forward the century and this when challenges and bets grew into commercial industry where anyone who wanted have bet could put his/her money almost any event any city throughout the world. so, david threlfall made one the most unbelievable bets ever history. one the bookmaker's offices london, the brit bet pounds unbelievable bet the time that man would get the moon within the following years! and did happen! years later neil armstrong landed the moon and david won pounds! converted this fortune into very expensive sports car but long story short, was all thanks bet! moreover, bets have also been known influence culture and art around the globe. for example, betting the main subject the novel "around the world eighty days". "the gambler", the novel fyodor dostoevsky, was written the author within month the writer looked settle his debts casino. hollywood celebrities have not lagged behind either. steven spielberg still receives checks from george lucas for the bet won, when the films "star wars. episode iv: new hope" and "close encounters the third kind" were released. the directors bet the film that will get more box office sales. spielberg put his stake lucas' film, and lucas, the contrary, put spielberg's movie. far know, "star wars" became real sensation. within the first year after the release, the film got record-breaking million, which times more than the competitor's gains. this how george lucas lost the bet! with the advent the mtv era and shows such bet you will" and "jackass", the industry bets was transformed. bets were replaced personal and group challenges that became very popular among young people. "jackass" for instance was rated the top shows past years. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/i_bet_you_will https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jackass_(tv_series) according entertainment weekly: http://ew.com/article////new-classics-tv/ white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd then there was the emergence youtube that set new stage the development challenges. everyone could now become famous just performing crazy task, record everything smartphone and put the video the web. videos with new challenges get millions views and likes, making their authors youtube stars and motivating new players challenge the winners. this where eristica project comes given that designed unify challenges into one single mobile platform, where users post videos with their challenges, challenge others and compete for top places the overall ranking. but, despite the huge progress, there are still problems the industry that hinder further development. most notably, there the problem trust that hasn't been solved yet. this has led the existence intermediary guarantors, high commissions, and complicated the procedure for creating challenge. then there the control over national currencies, legislative restrictions, the absence global market which yet another layer problems imposed the classical monetary system. moreover, there are internal reasons for stagnation, one them being the fact that monetization through advertising for funtech the base pay. projects are forced look major advertisers, place aggressive advertising and sell the user base, which negatively perceived the community. well, eristica project intends resolve the mentioned issues with the help blockchain technology and smart contracts. this way, eristica will create new direction for development and will able spearhead the evolutionary breakthrough the funtech industry. white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd table contents motivation table contents the project concept funtech market. eristica overview the eristica cryptocurrency digital economy eristica challenge foundation eristica token issuance cryptocurrency adoption among mass audience road map conclusion founding team mentors and advisers unification .......................................................................................................................... benefits .............................................................................................................................. synergy ............................................................................................................................... community ......................................................................................................................... purpose and characterization .............................................................................................. building fundamental value ................................................................................................ ethereum settlement layer .................................................................................................. wallet ................................................................................................................................. eristica game api. .............................................................................................................. visualisation ....................................................................................................................... example use case: challenges and predictions ...................................................................... example use case: decentralized governance ........................................................................ example use case: top bloggers challenges ........................................................................... example use case: brand challenges .................................................................................... development goals ............................................................................................................. financing and activities ...................................................................................................... brief summary...................................................................................................................... token allocations ................................................................................................................ project budget .................................................................................................................... white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd the project concept eristica revolutionary pp-platform that drives participation challenges and online competitions. the project was launched and has already got more than million users. the platform enables each participant launch and accept challenges, provide video footage challenges completed and get ratings based the results. eristica users are also allowed generate viral content with the videos challenges getting millions views youtube, and the winners becoming stars. the system rating, reputation and ranking creates powerful incentive for active participation. competitive incentive makes players fight for top places the rating, the quest for fame and prizes. with the help blockchain technology, the eristica project intends overcome the obstacles faced the industry and create single ecosystem for both offline and online competitions. tokenization the platform's economy will offer the opportunity get reward for winning challenges, receive virtual reward from successful predictions and buy access all services the platform. eristica universal platform, where each member the community benefits from the synergy created within the ecosystem. unification the users eristica will get the opportunity create completely different types challenges, including competitions online games, offline bets, well mass competitions, which unique advantage the project. one other great feature the platform the freedom afforded users when comes choosing the number participants and members. there may one-vs-one, one-vs-many and mass competitions. the heart this project the ability digitize the industry coupled with democratization and unification all business processes the platform. the platform brings offline challenges online with the help user-friendly interface. challenges will created according set uniform rules while the terms the bet will confirmed smart contract and executed automatically. wherever the term 'bet' used the this white paper the term 'challenge' meant ('bet' 'challenge'). there are connections casinos, money bets gambling. white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd democratization will make the industry affordable everyone. with single click, one will able challenge thousands participants compete guess the winner the current challenge and get rewards for it. other words, eristica's ecosystem allows everyone pick suitable level participation depending preferences. benefits financial indicators and fees the industry bets and challenges are not uniform and sometimes the disparity can exorbitant. bets are usually subject bookmaker intermediator firms meaning that the fees can rise for example, platforms with challenges among young people charge fee while online and esports competitions charge -%. that said, eristica sets single bet for all types bets, challenges, and competitions, that this bound become standard the industry and create flow customers from more expensive platforms. fee comparison bookmakers online services e-sports platform erisitca synergy eristica will also create platform where different types people can interact with each other thus creating level synergy the process. the young demographic who perhaps have never dealt with crypto-currency before, will get opportunity try the products and services the crypto-industry. this will create new inflow users and speed the process introducing crypto-currency into the masses. everybody thus expected benefit from this paradigm. the creators crypto-projects get access new active audience, independent developers get the platform, where they can implement their ideas. the community eristica, the other hand, will have opportunity get rewarded for activity and contribution the development the project. white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd community young audience demographic one the attractive aspects the eristica project. about the million user base are young people between years old which are interested video, challenges and entertainment. this audience watches average hours video their smartphones per week, which more than for the average internet user. active users log the application times per day average. what's even amazing that the average session duration minutes, which pretty high the industry. the current stage development, the project expansion covers mainly the region southeast asia and india where target the same demographics people between years with the same area interests. starting with local manufacturers will pre-install the eristica app new smartphones. potential growth from the cooperation targets around new users the first quarter the eristica project the gateway the world the crypto-industry for the ever-growing community-minded and committed project audience. eristica intends democratize the existing challenge industry and make the new crypto experience seamless for both new and existing users. white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd funtech market penetration the internet technology the entertainment industry created new market called funtech, similarly fintech (financial technologies) biotech (biological technologies). this market became one the largest and the fastest growing industry the internet. the audience youtube stands over billion registered users and still growing each passing day. average, users spend minutes day watching youtube videos. wonder youtube became the medium, where mass challenges turned into truly global phenomenon. most internet users remember the globe-spanning gangnam style hype this was inspired psy's music video that was the first video clip the history hit billion and later billion views. this triggered the wave gangnam style challenge with over million videos featuring parodies, contests, and competitions dedicated the famous dance. after that, the phenomenon video challenges became even more popular. harlem shake challenge became super popular. date, more than million video challenges have been uploaded youtube, and this number continues increase. als ice bucket challenge became extremely popular around the globe. the current president donald trump was one those who accepted this challenge among many other personalities. hillary clinton another popular figure who has been involved popular challenge what was known the mannequin challenge. youtube statistics for http://www.socialmediatoday.com/social-business/mind-blowing-youtube-stats-facts-and-figures--infographic https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzkpqf harlem shake celebrity edition: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krnxfo-ts donald trump als ice bucket challenge: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxdayuixphg top- video mannequin challenge: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptwwwqkpsj white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd content market growing online video online video market challenge videos asia $.b tam: grows dynamics the video content market asia. sources: www.variety.com and www.insivia.com the online video market for the asian region was estimated worth billion. the share challenge videos approximately million. estimated that the entire online video market will cost billion, with billion share video challenges, respectively. video views yoy cagr further growth the market will promoted increase the number smartphone users. nowadays, about the views youtube originate from mobile devices. besides, the increase population and the expansion the internet access network can considered key factor that will propel this industry into greater heights. viral videos with challenges have become part modern culture and the eristica project using this yardstick. having entered the market eristica has already seen significant growth the market keeping mind that the project still the early phases development. introducing technological innovation into the industry, means decentralization and tokenization processes, eristica simplifies interaction among participants, making the challenge process gamified, transparent and super exciting! aggregated data from variety.com and insivia.com white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd eristica overview the project was started idea was the time, when nikita akimov, the founder eristica, began working the prototype the application, forming the team and experimenting the search for the best way interact with the challenge community. the first public version the eristica application became available for download google play and itunes. august the project took part the startup competition held winter capital venture fund and the mckinsey company consulting company. the eristica team shared the first place with two other projects, winning the prize $,. this was the first major recognition the project.this the same year that the project started growing popularity reaching users. the beginning the eristica team focused rapidly developing region southeast asia and india which known for high demand for local entertainment content. that was one the reasons why eristica was invited participate the acceleration program the startup mobile only accelerator (mox), managed the sosv fund. this market became both opportunity and technological challenge for eristica. the application was rebuild work the area with low speed internet: the size the application was reduced phone ram consumption was decreased eristica app was optimized work zone internet the middle the project team successfully completed the program sosv accelerator, which one the largest venture capital fund the world. sosv fund ranks first "investments the early stages" rating, ahead other top giants like ycombinator and startups. sosv helped get deals with major electronics manufacturers (oems) concerning pre-installing the eristica application new smartphones sold countries like india, indonesia, thailand, the philippines, and russia. https://e.co/meet-second-batch-mox-run-man-behind-one-chinas-successful-accelerators-/ https://sosv.com/choosing-accelerator-china-running/ data from techcrunch analytic report http://static.crunchbase.com/reports/annual__yfa/crunchbase_annual_.pdf?utm_source=autopilot&utm_medium=email&utm_ campaign=yir&utm_content=yir white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd the eristica cryptocurrency purpose and characterization the main mission the eristica project create full-fledged crypto-economy the digital entertainment space where tokens are the main tool for all interactions within the digital ecosystem. eristica intends use crypto make the democratization challenges economy, including creation, participation and rewards for challenges more efficient, fair and affordable. eristica utility tokens (ticker: ert) will enable users participate bets even with celebrities, get rewards for winning challenges and successful predictions. and also buy access platform services. erc standard tokens will issued the basis the ethereum blockchain. eristica choosed ethereum the most technologically advanced blockchain for smart contracts development. matter fact, the eristica token will cryptocurrency with limited issuance, stable inflation. the token can divided into fractions. besides, interchangeable and transferable. building fundamental value estimates and predictions eristica are based metcalfe's law, which states that: "the utility the network proportional the square the number users this network n." million users the platform will add value eristica tokens. moreover, the constant exponential growth already seen plus the pre-installation the application new smartphones will certainly contribute the further growth the user base and, consequently, the increase the value the token. the increasing number users has impact the amount challenges undertaken the platform. given that eristica incentivises users active the platform, this, turn, will increase the demand for eristica tokens. according our statistics, one user creates challenges average. since the tokens supply limited and tokens are used for prize fund and for commission fee payments, its value expected increase. https://medium.com/startup-grind/understanding-the-difference-between-coins-utility-tokens-and-tokenized-securities-afb https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/erc_token_standard https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethereum https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/metcalfe%s_law white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd integration with third-party services and engaging partners the project will also contribute the growth the project ecosystem, and thereby, make the platform even more attractive users. ethereum settlement layer users who want transfer withdraw their tokens from the platform can this interacting with the ethereum network. with the help any wallet supporting erc standard, will possible route eristica tokens out the platform. the current capacity ethereum approximately transactions per second. this not enough for all increasing network demands. occasionally, the ethereum network undergoes overloads and long delays transactions. the context comfortable user experience, undesirable use on-chain solution within the eristica system. that's why hybrid off-chain solution the ethereum scalability problem will created for operations inside the system. this will enable earlier version the system perform instant transactions without fees, wrap complex functions and data, well provide unified api all partners engaged digital services within the platform. technical paper covering those issues coming soon. with the development ethereum blockchain technologies and the introduction solutions that increase the network capacity then transferring these functions completely decentralized medium will become possible. https://www.coindesk.com/information/will-ethereum-scale/ white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd digital economy wallet the wallet basic and on-demand service for the use cryptocurrency, which will implemented every account the platform. the wallet features will allow users transfer, withdraw and receive tokens. the intuitive interface shows the transaction history made through challenges. integration the wallet the accounts more than users eristica expected make one the mass mobile cryptocurrency wallets the world. wallet api will chosen from well-known party developers based various criteria, such as: security, functionality, scalability and supported currencies. cryptocurrency has been known quite complex and one the eristica goals simplify the experience for the mass user. this ambitious goal that drives the eristica project keeping mind that the audience the project comprises active millennials and teenagers who are the future users cryptocurrencies and services based the blockchain. example the future eristica wallet. options: transfer, withdraw, transaction history and recommendations based the previous actions. the eristica crypto-wallet thus first step acquaintance with the new world blockchain for the audience the project. white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd eristica game api initially, game api was intended experiment based observations and analysis the actions the platform's gaming audience. gamers made challenges concerning the one who would score more points who would complete the level with the best result. interest such bets began after the emergence popular game, flappy bird. the problem was the fact that the eristica services weren't integrated into this games, the gamers had send screenshots evidence their challenges. game developers noted positives these challenges terms increasing the average duration the gaming session, well the viral effect, where users went recommend the game their friends. this basis, eristica started working game api. this simple and easy-to-use software interface will make possible integrate eristica services into games various platforms. gamers can win eristica tokens challenges with friends and spend them in-game purchases inside the game right after that. circulation tokens will run through both the eristica platform itself and the partner applications with economic links, thus, forming strong and lively ecosystem. first all, eristica will look creating sdk for the most popular game development platforms, such unityd engine and unreal engine. the sdk will allow building wallet and services both the existing and the future games developed these platforms. the development will available github the open-source format. full deployment expected https://unityd.com/ https://www.unrealengine.com white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd visualisation wallet# daredevil this contract freezes users money their wallets. blockchain smart contract users undertake challenge with ert (or other cryptocurrency) stake (prize) daredevil wallet# challenge smart contract which has all the information and statuses the challenge created. api when challenge proved completed, smart contract activated and automatically transfers the money winning user. principal algorithm for challenge creation using smart contract. white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd example use case: challenges and predictions eristica services enable users challenge each other and further development these services will enable the audience create customized groups that will challenged. will possible create mass challenges that coincide with special dates time day. combining offline and online competition into one smart contract, users will receive the full range tools create any bet challenge. eristica tokens will become universal cash for creating challenges, prize funds and rewards for the winners. the eristica project will charge fee from each bet. the fee will paid ert tokens. the tokens received the form fees will brought the project pool, where they can repurchased users through the personal account. thus, the community the project will have the opportunity buy tokens, without the need for delving into third-party exchanges. white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd example screen with challenge creation. option: choosing specific opponent, stake, dead-line and challenge condition. example use case: decentralized governance decentralized voting will make possible find out the community's opinion all important issues transparently and quickly, well select representatives user groups and resolve disputable situations. the request for voting will sent the user's feed. and, depending the importance the subject, will encourage the user make choice. when voting important issues, users will receive tokens reward for participation. the anonymity voting will help avoid the pressure the majority. the transparency the calculation will guarantee fair result. smart content filter will remove voting that isn't relevant the user without padding the user with queries. with the help decentralized voting, users will able have influence solving disputable situations when determining winners challenge. case disputable situations, video with the challenge will sent the users' feed, where everyone can vote whether challenge was completed not. example voting request user's feed. whether the evidence provided the proof-video enough for winning the challenge? the eristica platform, videos are one the main sources proving that the challenge was complete. with the introduction blockchain technology, the authenticity the video shot the smartphone will guaranteed. the hash the video along with the timestamp will kept the blockchain, where everyone will able check out the authenticity and timing the video recording. thus, the community will assured the evidence presented. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hash_function white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd example use case: top bloggers challenges challenges star bloggers have become new popular trend youtube. often the bloggers themselves encourage viewers challenge them. eristica provides ready-made and reliable platform, where bloggers can create challenges for their subscribers and accept challenges other bloggers. ert tokens will provide the opportunity monetize the event new level. the fee received from the event will motivate bloggers engage their audience participation the event. also, rewarding the winners with eristica tokens will spark interests from the viewers. example star blogger account screen. options: the current and finished challenges, achievements, etc. example use case: brand challenges well-known brands will able interact with the community new way. means that creating their own challenges and rewarding participants with eristica tokens, brands will able work with the audience new level. the recent success the burger king offer (they gave tokens reward all buyers) showed the real potential new kind interaction based the tokenization the economy. example popular brand challenge. the player must eat burgers time receive the ert reward. http://www.bbc.com/news/technology- white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd eristica challenge foundation development goals the blockchain industry based the digital promotion economic agents. whether it's reward miner for the found bitcoin block encouraging authors inside the decentralized steemit blog platform, all creates powerful engagement mechanism. using the experience the industry, the eristica project will create its own challenge foundation aimed the promotion, adaptation, and growth the platform ecosystem. the rewarding mechanism promoted the foundation will become natural incentive for digital service providers join the eristica ecosystem. the network effect eristica will grow with each new partner joining the system. thus, the value the ecosystem for users and network partners will increase. this why eristica using the experience the industry and creating its own challenge foundation aimed the promotion, adaptation, and growth the platform ecosystem. addition providing general ethics, the legitimacy content and transactions, the ecosystem won't impose unnecessary restrictions, which should create attractive image the platform. financing and activities all the issued tokens will reserved for activities challenge foundation. the future, some the tokens received from the fees will re-invested challenge foundation well. thus, foundation will have its own source funding. the activities foundation will aimed periodic distribution reward active users, opinion leaders, well-known bloggers, and course, third-party developers providing additional services within the ecosystem. the amount remuneration will proportional the contribution the economy the project. the same time, the payment will gradually decrease the total value the currency grows. challenge foundation will ensure equitable distribution rewards using impersonal, result-oriented methodology based formula with the following variables such as: user's activity, time spent the platform, retention, number challenges, upvotes, video uploads, referrals and many more factors. http://www.bitcoinblockhalf.com/ https://steem.io/getinvolved/posting-rewards/ white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd eristica token issuance brief summary eristica utility tokens fundraising limits eristica token belongs utility token class, and isn't regulated sec (estimation regards howey test hard cap: $.. ico start dates ico closing dates pre-sale tokens september ico closing february main ico start december duration ico terms ico termination pre-sale stage: days main sale stage: days ico will closed, subject fulfillment one the terms, namely: hard cap ico termination date reached. total number tokens additional issue\mining ert tokens will issued under the smart contract the date ico start. all the tokens that won't sold will burnt after ico. under the terms the smart contract, tokens can't additionally issued. base price for token currencies approved for payment please see website for exact price bts bts eth ltc bch white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd token allocations all tokens will available for purchase within the ico. reserved for the eristica team. the tokens will locked smart contract with month vesting period, and -month cliff. the tokens will transferred challenge foundation for the development the ecosystem the platform. will reserve for early investors, project advisors and bounty program. white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd the total number tokens strictly limited the initial issue. therefore, deflationary economic model has been created within the framework the platform. provides increase the value tokens over time. tokens paid fees for using the services the platform will kept the project cash reserve. users will able buy tokens from the reserve fixed price depending the increasing value the token. purchase tokens will available from the user's personal account. users can pay with bank cards, local payments cryptocurrency. thus, powerful flow exchange eristica tokens for classical local money will created. this will, turn, support the value and circulation tokens the crypto-economy the project. project budget the fund raised the course ico activity will fully and completely used for the development the eristica platform. depending the volume funds raised, specific scheme for the allocation the fund will chosen. eristica intends become pioneer the field peer-to-peer challenges using smart contract technology and blockchain. the achieved success and the over million strong user base indicates the feasibility this idea. however, further development requires tremendous effort and top draw r&d (research and development) cycles. taking into account the volatility cryptocurrency rate, the resources the foundation will hedged using the usd/eur fiduciary currency, order ensure full functionality the project for months. the figure below presents budget scenario where the amount raised funds $... for kpis and more details please see the roadmap section below. white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd research and development development the core, adoption blockchain technologies and smart contracts, creation new services, implementation the voting mechanism and prize fund. content creation viral content one the advantages the project. that's why eristica intends direct some the funds raised create high-quality content and engage talented specialists from all over the world. besides, expenses include video production, offline events, production shows and other activities. marketing expenses for promoting the project and expanding the user base. promotion new markets, local partnerships. visiting conferences and issue-related exhibitions. other expenses payment for servers, legal expenses, accountancy, operating and other expenses. white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd cryptocurrency adoption among mass audience the first active users cryptocurrency were professionals the field and cryptography. initially, mining bitcoins wasn't profitable. was more like guiding light, starting point for acquaintance all newcomers with new technology. vitalik buterin, the founder ethereum, came the world blockchain through mining. due its open architecture, anyone could figure out the code and launch his/her own version the blockchain create application using blockchain technologies. the eristica project considers the promotion the crypto-economy among young people one its main goals. the project thus looking bring millions young users the crypto world. the first won tokens will new starting point for the future generation crypto-enthusiasts. and you never can tell, some them may end being future founders projects like ethereum! vitalik buterin vitalik buterin, founder ethereum, and nikita akimov, the founder eristica, conference kazan, russia white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd road map working product eristica app million users were registered the cis countries and the countries southeast asia and india sosv investment, mox accelerator taipei and singapore pre ico was reached eristica awarded product the day product hunt nominated for crypto product the year product hunt global scale eristica app preloads smartphones southeast asia and india embedding core smart contracts exchange listed eristica app with ert wallet launch eristica world challenge platform concept creation eristica wcp development meetup with game publishers ert offerings marketplace development eristica wcp release sdk for unity and selected game engines integration kit for game publishers eristica wcp development over users southeast asia and india eristica app eristica app launch the market eristica wcp release dashboard for game publishers launch ert payment framework start integration with game publishers white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd conclusion the eristica project has been spearheading innovation the realm challenges since and has already earned the trust more than million users. the exponential growth the platform clear indicator the virality content created users plus the fact that videos with challenges are getting millions views and encouraging new users participate. the funtech industry the threshold new evolutionary breakthrough. while many market participants are still the stage comprehension all those new opportunities that will brought blockchain and tokenization the economy, eristica intends become pioneer creating single platform for offline and online challenges. the ecosystem the platform will enable providers, developers, online services and community the project interact with each other through eristica utility tokens. using api, third-party game developers will get the opportunity implement eristica services their products. thus, the project will combine both classic offline challenges and online esports competitions. even simple mobile game will easily turned into platform for mass competitions. users the platform will able personally participate online and offline challenges, make bets with famous bloggers, receive virtual rewards for successful predictions the results challenges. moreover, they will able actively interact with third-party services and the services developed platform ecosystem. tokens will become universal currency approved for payment both within the ecosystem and the partners the project. the ability purchase tokens within the application will create stable demand for tokens, which will positively influence the liquidity and growth the value the token. increase the liquidity the token, eristica will work hard listing tokens the largest exchanges. white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd founding team nikita akimov ceo founder eristica. avid entrepreneur and marketing guru. graduate mobile only accelerator (mox) which the number startup accelerator asia. akimov winner the startup competition winter capital mckinsey. also advocate decentralization and democratic anonymous organizations (dao). graduate the department mathematical methods for economic analysis moscow state university. andrey sheludchenko cto blockchain evangelist with extensive experience building networks architecture and cloud solutions for enterprise mobile platforms. also the head mobile development department wildberries. valentina ivashchenko coo serial entrepreneur. she the founder "atelier kalte" online store and general partner corporate real estate fund. lawyer occupation, she has extensive experiences working with the largest oil corporations russia. artyom dalevich cmo serial entrepreneur and professional advisor the management high technology projects. mathematician profession, dalevich the founder appnow.com project, with current capitalization $m. has also been speaker international conferences around the world. white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd mentors and advisers stan larimer godfather bitshares stan larimer prolific blogger, keynote speaker and expert consultant real-time industrial grade digital currencies. ceo cryptonomex, cofounded with his son dan larimer, the originator blockchain technologies that currently process over half all public blockchain transactions the world. these include bitshares, steemit, peer plays, muse, golos, and next year eos. stan has used his msee degree teach rocket science the air force academy and develop unmanned air, ground, sea and space "drones" for years with aerospace giants such lockheed martin, northrop grumman, boeing, general dynamics, and saic. william bao bean general partner sosv william bao bean sosv's title partner and managing director china accelerator, the first startup accelerator china, based shanghai. well-known practitioner, innovator, and thinker technological investments asia and the founder mox, sosv mobile-only accelerator. michael taggart co-founder and president cryptonomex michael co-founder president cryptonomex, custom blockchain development company responsible for the graphene blockchain that powers bitshares, steem, eos, peer plays, and other projects. also co-founder press advantage and london-based remittio, digital currency settlement service. white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd evgeny tchebotarev founder first time entrepreneur who founded px, photo marketplace for millions photographers. evgeny the new quest to: dramatically improve education through software help startups bridge gap between asia the west. bitbollo member bitcoin foundation italia bitbollo professional sonsultant italian ambassador and member bitcoin foundation italia. has legendary green trust account the most famous bitcoin forum https://bitcointalk.org/ hayk hakobyan founder tinycarrier singapore hayk business expert (in product, strategy, innovation, gamification, ai), advisor (thezimbabwean, jornal verdade, mountain ram adventures), speaker (tedxauc, thechaosasia, markedu), mentor (sosv), and blockchain enthusiast. worked with and consulted for smes and mncs europe, africa, and asia. ryan shuken serial entrepreneur serial entrepreneur. partner mox and china accelerator, where supervises the development mox-ecosystem for startups, investors, mentors, and partners. specialist exponential growth and creator the number startup podcast china. white paper eristica.com for latest version (c), eristica(r) ltd follow