sixteen shuffled algorithms designed for small miners luke pighetti march history previous our efforts, the (random) algorithm was launched the ravencoin network late this new algorithm provided innovative method asic resistance. since our new algorithm building the ravencoin team's work, it's important first understand how works. used algorithms from added sha, and then randomized the order referencing the last sixteen digits the previous block hash. blake bmw groestl keccak skein luffa cubehash shavite simd echo hamsi fugue shabal whirlpool sha given the last sixteen digits previous block hash: fdac would complete single hash cycle the order below. keccak, sha, blake, shabal, echo, skein, groestl, blake, cubehash, groestl, fugue, simd, simd, keccak, simd, groestle notice that groestl and simd both repeat three times, weighting the hashrate and power consumption during this block towards the characteristics these two algorithms. practice, gpu miner the algorithm that normally demands will fluctuate between and ~w, changing every block. the hashrate will similarly fluctuate, making difficult tune mining rig for efficiency productivity. these power spikes reduce power-supply efficiency and lifespan. our new algorithm, xs, aims solve these problems. introducing (shuffle) the (shuffle) algorithm uses the last sixteen digits the previous block hash reorder list containing all sixteen algorithms. employs the same individual algorithms found xr. given the last sixteen digits previous block hash: fdac shuffles list using the value each digit found within the last sixteen digits the previous block hash reference index within list containing all algorithms. abcdef abcdef fabcde fabcde acfbde acfbde the final order would then be: groestl, blake, jh, skein, echo, bmw, fugue, shavite, sha, keccak, luffa, cubehash, simd, hamsi, shabal, whirlpool randomizes the order based the previous block hash, but algorithms are repeated omitted. this provides all the benefits while vastly improving the hashrate and power consistency. this makes much better for small miners, further promoting decentralization. pigeoncoin the proof-of-concept network for the algorithm. thank the ravencoin team for their hard work and hope that our efforts are useful them. source code open-source under the mit license https://github.com/pigeoncoin