think it, build it, play abstract this paper presents realisable and unique vision for the future gaming built top using the xaya (pronounced "zay-ya") blockchain manage increasingly complex and appealing game worlds well securing and simplifying the ownership, sharing, and trade virtual assets. the xaya platform achieves this through the democratisation game development and deployment, allowing developers bring their vision life quickly with significantly reduced costs. will provide wealth tools and state-of-the-art infrastructure for game developers build their own blockchain-based games. furthermore, developers can fully leverage the xaya technology issue their own game currency that can traded for 'chi' (the reserve currency and "fuel" the xaya ecosystem the pronounced 'chi' the old greek alphabet) other xaya game coins and assets. additionally the benefit gamers, developers can create fully decentralised, autonomous games where players can expect uptime and have provably fair gameplay with true ownership their in-game items. until now scaling has been major difficulty for blockchains and particularly for massive game worlds and their virtual asset inventories. the xaya team has overcome this with world leading breakthroughs trustless off-chain scaling for games (game channels) and ephemeral timestamps and will continue invest strongly this important and novel field. the assembled xaya team comprised the original creators blockchain gaming, experienced developers, and blockchain and business experts. whilst this new frontier for cryptocurrency and gaming, the assembled team has the experience, insight, and initial designs available readily solve the challenges ahead. this will usher new era gamechanging blockchain technology and whole new gaming ecosystem. xaya developed and maintained autonomous worlds ltd. think it, build it, play contents abstract introduction our vision new frontier experience market overview gaming cryptocurrency product problem definition model characteristics solution overview key technologies and intellectual property technical details downloads use cases collectable card games real-time strategy (rts) multiplayer online battle arena (moba) turn based games other genres and use cases monetisation meet the team endnotes core team .............................................................. ............................................................................ think it, build it, play introduction our vision "decentralised realities" imagine countless millions players competing and cooperating decentralised virtual realities that run serverless and unstoppable. provably fair environments, they use their skill and intelligence harvest resources and acquire rare artefacts that hold significant real world value. what developers could provide autonomous, decentralised worlds, rich tradable virtual items for gamers? what developers could from concept game release less time and for less money without worrying about infrastructure costs (such servers) and recurring costs (such account administration)? what could offer true ownership, simple and safe trading methods for gamers convert virtual items into real world value through entirely flexible system? what both gamers and developers could share win-win outcome with both able capitalise new revenue streams and participate thriving new economies? what could realise substantial and growing demand for cryptocurrency, increasing its utility and value for users? xaya will achieve all this through single, custom, blockchain-based platform that able provide: truly decentralised massively multiplayer decentralised realities (drs) true and fair virtual item ownership with simple and safe trading and sharing rapid and cost effective game concept market for wide range new massively multiplayer games and games general just imagine, being inside decentralised reality, unstoppable and secure. interacting the blockchain itself and communicating securely over encrypted text voice. imagine owning your own virtual apartment that you can sell trade for real world value, even share the keys (symbolic encryption keys) with friend. think it, build it, play new frontier what being proposed here gaming using the blockchain provide secure, decentralised, autonomous, and flexible platform upon which variety games can built. this new frontier both cryptocurrency and blockchain based gaming, but not unknown frontier. the xaya team developed and successfully deployed the huntercoin experiment. this achieved number world firsts including, but not limited to: the world's first decentralised massively multiplayer game the world's first game world built entirely the blockchain the world's first human mining permissible cryptocurrency huntercoin was proof concept develop solutions the technical challenges and test the market. huntercoin was successful and within just few months launch achieved over simultaneously controlled characters the game despite low profile launch, and despite requiring some specialist hardware (i.e. solid state drives, which were uncommon the time) and reasonable level technical know-how from the gamer. huntercoin was largely autonomous and required servers other infrastructure. achieved market capitalisation over million the first few weeks, putting top crypto currencies the time market cap, and peaked around million the huntercoin experiment served its purpose several years ago and provided number world leading insights into blockchain technology, including publication the blockchain journal 'ledger'. the xaya platform builds upon the significant know-how developed across namecoin and the huntercoin experiment and will provide wealth tools and infrastructure for game developers build their own game worlds that fit their vision and project. they can fully leverage the xaya technology build decentralised games and issue their own game currency that can traded for 'chi' other xaya game coins assets. think it, build it, play important then point out that xaya aims to: enable developers create provably fair games decentralised realities build blockchain-based gaming ecosystem provide developers with tools for asset trading for new and existing games provide full-scale virtual asset trading platform experience the assembled xaya team comprised the original creators blockchain gaming, experienced developers, and blockchain and business experts. whilst this new frontier, the assembled team has the experience, insight, and initial designs available readily solve the challenges ahead and realise game-changing blockchain technology and whole new ecosystem. think it, build it, play market overview xaya addresses both the existing gaming and cryptocurrency markets and further creates entirely new market the process through games created top the blockchain. this new market attributable the creation new virtual universes and item trading possibilities that are substantially deeper and more flexible than other emerging and simple trading systems using smart contracts. xaya targets both developers and gamers. the xaya team aims empower large proportion new developers who find taking their game visions market challenging because time and financial constraints. this sense, xaya aims democratise game development. through the creation virtual item trading and sharing platform, the xaya team aims allow players generate real world value capitalise previous gaming achievements new games through the trade virtual items from one game the next. this achieved through the adoption xaya tools and applications gamers and existing developers and studios. the following sections describe the gross magnitude the existing markets, all which will addressed through xaya. gaming the video gaming market highly lucrative and estimated billion per annum with forecast cagr (compound annual growth rate) yoy this part result mobile gaming, which accounts for billion with yoy growth, and the lowering cost computing platforms thus increasing their accessibility larger human populations. estimates the current desktop computer gaming share vary from billion. the general message, however, consistent one, inasmuch there are significant opportunities and potentially billions per annum opportunity. think it, build it, play player numbers for both subscription and freemium model games tend measured the millions for some the leading games. world warcrafttm for example had circa million subscribers freemium models have emerged significant means generating revenue. they allow players play for free pay order improve their performance within the game (e.g. 'levelling up', acquiring 'power ups'). the models are essentially supported advertising revenues and in- figure 'global games market' app purchases made players. means example, the clash clanstm strategy game for mobile devices achieved over million month revenue with some estimates suggesting high million month. arguably one the emerging biggest growth areas within computer gaming from the populous asian countries (e.g. the gaming market asia pacific growing over billion per annum). result, any solution proposed should consider accessing these markets through tailoring the solution meet cultural and other sociological needs. our potential inside the gaming market initially consists the approximately all gamers who play mobile and/or desktop platforms. are not initially pursuing other non-gaming markets that xaya also technologically well suited for, but this might long term aspiration. think it, build it, play cryptocurrency cryptocurrency capitalisation is, the time writing this document, circa billion with trades and transaction volumes accounting for billions (usd) each day. cryptocurrencies are becoming more accepted globally, although there are still barriers faced their proponents. these include regulation and usability. the underpinning 'blockchain' technology behind bitcoin and the alternatives ('altcoins') being proposed for range applications banking, defence, and other sectors. successful cryptocurrencies bring new technologies and innovative solutions the market, such how zcash and monero have enjoyed great popularity due their strong privacy features. even microsoft using the ethereum blockchain technology part 'blockchain service' model. beyond the utility question, cryptocurrencies largely derive their value from the number users they have and how much they are used. that is, with many users and high "velocity money", currency values up. xaya, addition being cryptocurrency, essentially blockchain-based gaming and virtual item trading platform. consequently, the value the xaya economy will increase more developers and gamers adopt and use the platform. given the time market and cost saving potential xaya, the team anticipates rapid adoption significant number developers trying get their visions market quickly and affordably. pioneers the blockchain gaming sector, xaya will essentially democratise gaming development. think it, build it, play product problem definition there are two major aspects the problem being solved. these are listed below: developers: time and cost from concept market for many new and independent developers often prohibitive. commonly known that the majority these developers are unable reach the gaming market because the aforementioned constraints. with appropriate developer tools and using the blockchain create decentralised realities, with uptime, the costs and setup time associated with servers cloud based services are eliminated, are the recurring costs, such user account administration. this democratisation game development through the blockchain will usher new era game development well create new gaming genres. however, there are technical challenges relating scalability associated with increasingly rich and complex universes within mmo games, well scaling challenges associated with cryptocurrencies and asset storage ledgers. these challenges are often underestimated, including other emerging virtual asset storage ledgers. gamers: general there growing desire for increasingly rich virtual gaming universes which virtual asset ownership important for gamer status and progression through particular game. addition, the time and effort expended the gamer could rewarded beyond simple enjoyment alone and through the exchange in-game virtual items for real world value for virtual items available another game. this represents challenge two fronts. the first challenge that truly scalable and real near real-time asset storage ledger required for the gamer independent the games they play. the second challenging requirement create means managing ownership and sharing increasingly complex game universes, like those typical mmo games. over time and given the likely high value many virtual assets and the gameplay itself, will critically important ensure 'provably fair' gameplay and 'provably fair' item acquisition, which not addressed other emerging asset trading platforms. think it, build it, play model characteristics the following describes the key characteristics the solution the problem statement (earlier) terms gamers, developers and supporters. for gamers: provably fair gameplay reliability and stability (i.e. uptime) secure virtual asset ownership rapid and easy trade and/or sharing virtual assets and conversion real world value (e.g. play earn human mining) secure social networking easy use game app launcher human readable wallet accounts and "addresses" should noted that blockchain gaming, provably fair gameplay unique xaya. other asset trading platforms require developers pre-create spawn all items closed environment, which means that items can printed will. therefore items that have been acquired provably fair methods will inherently have greater value. for developers: fully-, partially-, non-decentralised game development supporting scalable massively multiplayer game development virtual currencies and asset creation ability build gamer loyalty broad game engine compatibility (e.g. unity, unreal, etc.) exportable game engine templates (e.g. support for unity assets and unreal blueprints) pre-built libraries accepting and managing gamer payments simply, securely, and affordably think it, build it, play for supporters: cryptocurrency with high utility value (e.g. 'chi' the 'fuel' for games, creating accounts, purchasing valuable in-game items, etc.) access large existing gaming markets access untapped gaming markets (e.g. virtual asset trading) creation new gaming genres (e.g. blockchain-based gaming and human mining) solution overview the xaya platform will provide wealth tools and infrastructure for game developers build their own game worlds that fit their vision and project. they can fully leverage the xaya technology build decentralised games and issue their own game currency that can traded for chi other xaya game coins/assets secured the xaya blockchain. figure 'xaya platform' think it, build it, play scaling major difficulty for blockchains and particularly for massive game worlds. the xaya team has overcome this with breakthroughs trustless off-chain scaling for games (game channels) and ephemeral timestamps and will continue invest strongly this important field. key technologies and intellectual property the xaya cryptocurrency will based blockchain secured proof-of-work (pow). player accounts and the most important game data (e.g. ownership valuable items) are persisted with decentralised name/value store built directly into the blockchain. for this, can leverage the experience and intellectual property that our team has gained from namecoin (the very first altcoin) and huntercoin since addition these proven technologies that will form the most critical fundamental layer xaya, the project's success ensured additional unique innovations developed our team: atomic transactions: pioneered namecoin members the xaya team this technique will made easy use xaya. will allow trustless trading game items, game-specific currencies and whole game accounts for chi enable thriving economy top the xaya platform and ensure demand for chi. game channels: have developed extension the payment channels bitcoin that can applied game moves between multiple players off the blockchain and thus aid scaling xaya its global target size. the same concept can also used for "shards" global game world enable limitless and near-real time gaming the blockchain. ephemeral timestamps: disputes arise game channel (analogous "closing" bitcoin payment channel), transactions the main blockchain need made order resolve it. mixing the time-stamping property blockchain, merkle-ized hash commitments, amortised mining incentives, and fraud proofs clever way, we've been able develop new protocol that ensures that the occurring transaction fees can never loss for any honest participant. think it, build it, play technical details based the proven technology namecoin, the xaya blockchain will implement game accounts and tradable in-game items way similar coloured coins. this ensures that their ownership securely tracked the blockchain decentralised way, and also enables atomic (i.e. trustless) trades for chi between items. this works transferring both the sold item and the corresponding payment chi between the two participants trade single (atomic) transaction. this transaction needs signed both parties, that either both transfers happen none. this prevents fraud where just the payment made and the item isn't transferred, vice versa. illustrate the importance such prevention: worldwide for every legitimate iap (in-app purchase) there are fraudulent ones. figure 'atomic transaction' think it, build it, play games the xaya platform will based the concept global 'game state' that was pioneered huntercoin. abstract terms, every cryptocurrency blockchain can interpreted consensus about global state that can manipulated each participant through transactions. bitcoin, this state the utxo set (the shared 'ledger'). ethereum, this the global state all contracts. games built the xaya platform can take this concept one step further the game state for them can just about any global data that encodes the whole game world its entirety. this state tracked clients for specific games, that xaya client only needs process and store states for games that interested in. gamers can update the global state through transactions made the xaya blockchain through offchain game channels (see figure time-stamping through xaya's blockchain ensures that all participants each game reach consensus the shared game state decentralised and provably fair way. addition coloured coins described earlier, ownership items can also represented directly this game state. this case, trading for in-game currency other items can done internal marketplace according rules specified the game developer. using pegged sidechains semi-trusted escrow setup (federated sidechains), such in-game trading can still denominated chi. believe that the key successful blockchain gaming lies solving the scalability problem. this evident from the recent discussion bitcoin, and one the lessons learned from the huntercoin experiment (as discussed more detail the game channels paper). have been able solve the scalability problem for blockchain gaming with the invention game channels the simplest form, game channels allow two players perform turn-based game trustless way without recording every move persistently the main blockchain. instead, they record the moves private "side chain". digital signatures and hash-chain structure ensure that moves cannot forged changed backwards time. long both players agree the outcome the game, the resulting prize coins (or whatever else the game about) can distributed accordingly -of- multi-signature transaction. the players disagree, then the data the sidechain allows honest player prove the public that she's the right according the game rules and thus still claim her reward. see figure the next page. think it, build it, play figure 'game channels' building this simple case, one can further extend and generalise game channels work with multiple players and for games that are not explicitly turn-based. for more details, refer section and the game channels paper. think it, build it, play the main issue that remains with the original game-channels design the following: dispute raised but then resolved, the game continues before. however, this process puts transactions onto the main blockchain, thus removing the scalability gains and costing (both) players transaction fees. player whose objective disrupt game built top xaya can thus repeatedly cause disputes and resolve them; this not rational behaviour according game theory since costs them unnecessary fees, but this strategy can nevertheless employed irritate honest players and disturb the game platform. the solution this problem are ephemeral timestamps. they have the following useful two properties: nodes can send some data timestamped time the public network and blockchain. due merkle construction, this does not cost any blockchain space transaction fees per timestamp. miners still have economic incentive process these timestamps. later, and only necessary due dispute, such timestamp can used prove the network that another game participant could have known time this, turn, can used prove that this participant did not act game channel according the rules, and thus claim payout the prize money. only this act actually using the timestamp requires transaction the blockchain and transaction fees, which are then offset the prize money that guaranteed paid out. other words, the cost incurred the dispute will always paid the defecting player the end via awarding the game prize the honest player. with these properties, ephemeral timestamps allow improve game channels such that honest player can never lose any money due dispute. the worst case, defecting player can just cause minor disturbance, for which the honest player will rewarded winning the game's prize money the spot. downloads the xaya main net was launched august the wallet downloads (electron and qt) well the xaya specifications can found here: https://github.com/xaya. think it, build it, play use cases there are multiple use cases for xaya spanning the majority gaming genres from simple collectable card games real-time strategy and virtual reality. three concrete examples fully decentralised and provably fair game possibilities are described below, including some monetisation potential for developers. note that any game can make use the payment gateway asset storage functionality xaya. collectable card games with most blockchain technology, possible store assets the blockchain. collectable game, sports, other cards are simple examples asset storage. cards can traded sold safely and securely the xaya blockchain using atomic transactions pioneered our team over years ago. for the end user this will very easy use feature using the xaya trading application. addition, xaya tools allow developers build card games that can played entirely the xaya platform, trustless, serverless, and provably fair the developer wishes. real-time strategy (rts) multiplayer online battle arena (moba) league legendstm, dotatm, and heroes stormtm, just name few, are part rapidly growing real-time strategy genre called moba (multiplayer online battle arena). put the genre financial context, league legendstm alone took over billion revenue possible develop games this genre entirely the xaya platform using game channels and ephemeral time stamps. developers can code the game that matchmaking takes place entirely the blockchain xaya off-chain lobby, even centralized fashion. the key here that xaya offers high degree flexibility for the developer. further advantages using xaya include true literal uptime, zero gaming server costs, improved scalability, and easier monetisation by, for example, selling skins, power ups, virtual game coins that are used buy these in-game items. the same true for classic rts games, such dune command and conquertm, and starcraft iitm. think it, build it, play turn based games classic turn based games such ufo enemy unknown are easily hostable the xaya blockchain multiplayer fashion. more complex multiplayer turn based games, such civilizationtm total wartm, are also possible with xaya. even possible without the use off-chain game channels and ephemeral time stamps gamers would make all their moves just one transaction (tx) per turn, this itself reduces blockchain bloat compared games that require transactions more often, such real time games. using our unique method taking the game state externally described the technical section, turn based game can playable many tens thousands simultaneous players and only those who are interested the game need verify that the game's current state correct. more specifically, miners not need verify moves and actions for their validity; they only need process the transactions because the game state ignores invalid moves. these game genres can persistent worlds with, for example, procedurally generated maps (in other words, these worlds can infinite). currency generated these games can traded for chi and other assets, and used purchase in-game items power ups. this gives these in-game currencies real value and adds the term human mining the cryptocurrency lexicon. other genres and use cases there are course many other game genres and use cases, such head-to-head games, social worlds that are fully autonomous, and on. the above are simply brief outlines with various examples how xaya can power different fully decentralised and provably fair games given its flexibility and high potential. monetisation monetisation games with xaya many ways simpler than traditional methods. the following means exhaustive list, but covers some common cases and how monetisation can achieved with xaya. percentage "banked" human mined coins the developer. one-off fee join subscribe the game, similar how one would purchase boxed game. think it, build it, play in-game stores can sell various permanent consumable products, such as: items powerups game coins gems unlock codes in-game stores can sell various permanent consumable services, such as: healing item repair level-up training in-game advertising sponsored messages offer in-game services, such in-game trading platform any method currently available developers how game monetised entirely the developer, with the added invaluable benefit always being able rely the trustless, secure backing the xaya blockchain with third parties that can potentially disrupt payments. think it, build it, play meet the team core team andrew colosimo has over years experience it, computing, and computer gaming. was one the earliest pioneers capitalise upon the sale virtual items massively multiplayer online (mmo) games. was instrumental the success namecoin, supporting the cryptocurrency time when development had stalled. andrew has run successful and computing business and provided advanced 'dialler systems' development and consultancy small and medium enterprises (sme) and moderately sized companies. the founder the huntercoin experiment which led the world demonstrating the art the possible with blockchain technology, achieving the world's first game built the blockchain, the world's first server-less decentralised mmo game, the world's first 'human mineable' cryptocurrency, and the world's first provably fair mmo game. andrew self-taught entrepreneur who has successfully capitalised number technology trends but now focussed bringing whole new game universes and their trading systems life and the mass market. daniel kraft phd msc msc studied applied mathematics and theoretical physics graz, austria, where obtained his phd from the university graz after that, started software engineer zurich, switzerland. has been strongly interested bitcoin and cryptocurrencies since and involved bitcoin development since since has been the main developer for namecoin and huntercoin, and successfully reimplemented both top the modern bitcoin core codebase. where possible, daniel also contributed improvements back upstream bitcoin, and currently the contributor bitcoin core. published multiple research articles peer-reviewed journals, including two directly related cryptocurrency. think it, build it, play konstantin gorskov has years experience and game development. has worked freelance game developer for several years various projects and gained broad set skills. konstantin follows the development cycles all major game engines and game development software order help him manage technical solutions various magnitudes. valued for his deep knowledge game production, pipelines, and his versatility. indie developer, konstantin released his own rpg game, which was greenlit steam konstantin adept various programming languages, including c++, c#, php, and java, and has deep knowledge and experience with the unreal and unity game engines. bas gruiter has over years experience business development, marketing and design. bas' entrepreneurship has journeyed through variety markets, ranging from gaming and software the retail market, and pioneering the industrial field hydrogen gas and thermoelectric applications the durable energy sector. his interest cryptocurrencies began since then has been involved the development exchange, gaming, and other software projects. bas now brings his broad experience business, design and cryptocurrency development the xaya team. ryan smyth award winning software author, entrepreneur, marketer, trader, and recipient the australian governor-general's bravery medal. his audio software for musicians has received multiple awards, but the bulk his software has been custom utilities, such n-ary cartesian product software for mobile corpus creation. ryan's clients have included fortune companies, mobile phone manufacturers, well many online game studios; has years experience working different genres online games. ryan first heard bitcoin when the satoshi paper was first released, and finally bought his first bitcoins think it, build it, play endnotes see "game channels for trustless off-chain interactions decentralized virtual worlds" https://www. ledgerjournal.org/ojs/index.php/ledger/article/download// see https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=.msg#msg see https://public.tableau.com/profile/andrew.colosimo#!/vizhome/huntercoin-earlyblocks/quadview see https://gomedici.com/huntercoin-worlds-first-peer-peer-massively-multiplayer-online-cryptocurrencygame/ see https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/huntercoin/ june page the newzoo global games market report light version available pdf https:// newzoo.com/insights/trend-reports/newzoo-global-games-market-report--light-version/ see https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach---billion-in--withmobile-taking-/ page the newzoo global games market report this number also line with the woodside capital partners' "game industry overview august report. see page http://www.woodsidecap. com/wp-content/uploads///wcp-gaming-industry-overview-.pdf page newzoo global games market report estimates for desktop gaming vary with some estimates placing the market value about billion growth estimates also vary, e.g. http://www.gamesindustry.biz/articles/---chinese-gamesmarket-to-hit-usdbn-by--niko-partners. see http://ca.ign.com/articles////world-of-warcraft-reaches--million-subscribers http:// www.ibtimes.co.uk/world-warcraft-subscribers-hit---million-lowest-numbers--years- see https://www.androidheadlines.com///supercell-makes--million-per-day-off-clash-clans.html page newzoo global games market report see https://coinmarketcap.com/ see https://forum.namecoin.org/viewtopic.php?f=&t= see https://forum.namecoin.org/viewtopic. php?f=&t=&sid=bcdbccaebedebfb see https://wiki.namecoin.info/?title=atomic_name-trading see https://www.ledgerjournal.org/ojs/index.php/ledger/article/download// think it, build it, play see https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=.msg#msg see https://namecoin.org/ see https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/colored_coins see https://apsalar.com/wp-content/uploads///apsalar-fraud-index_final.pdf unspent transaction outputs see "enabling blockchain innovations with pegged sidechains" https://www.blockstream.com/ sidechains.pdf see https://www.ledgerjournal.org/ojs/index.php/ledger/article/download// see https://forum.namecoin.org/viewtopic.php?f=&t= see https://segmentnext.com////league-of-legends-revenue-figures-beat-/ the mobile relay service will provide mobile clients with light-weight access the blockchain order save battery power and bandwidth. https://www.xaya.io/huntercoin.pdf think it, build it, play