xrt the x-factor xrt the x-factor table content introduction........................................................... history.......................................................................... anonymous electronic cash protocols money through solving puzzles reusable proof work satoshi nakmoto and bitcoin vitalikbuterin and ethereum ethereum smart contract........................................ proof work proof stake................................ transactions................................................................... verifying nodes............................................................. block explorer................................................................ xrt the x-factor.......................................................... xrt coin design............................................................ xrt coins api security algorithm xrt transactions explorer xrt double spending proof problems food industry xrt solutions................................................................ secure network low fee third party intermediaries fully decentralized tradable user protection sufficient supply xrt services.................................................................. wallets global exchanges e-bills staking mobile app xrt advertising xrt platform use cases.................................................................. ease-of-use availability available different market fast secure marketing.................................................................. social media advertising seo sem promoters opportunity for other well growing projects team members........................................................ roadmap.................................................................... partnerships............................................................. token sale................................................................. token sale details................................................. total supply allocation.................................. fund allocation...................................................... listing exchanges............................................. kyc/aml policy ..................................................... privacy policy........................................................... social links................................................................. contact support....................................................... xrt the x-factor introduction bitcoin and crypto currencies this paper, analyze the xrt advanced technology the ethereum blockchain for online and offline combined services, xrt foundation services are considered the next revolutionary for enhancing blockchain applications and technologies. bitcoin (btc) was the first crypto currency that was developed satoshi nakamoto, and was the first digital currency with constant change its variable value according the amount supply and demand the market, which started cent and today, worth thousands dollars. bitcoin and other crypto currencies had some challenges the online payment systems such the double spending, reverse payments, security, and anonymity. they succeeded maintaining some aspects for users worldwide just like anonymity, fast transactions, low fees, and security. the most important aspect bitcoin its transactions being processed through blockchain technology, which converts any transaction shape block being verified among users nodes the network decentralized. this allows many developers cite alternative applications blockchain using digital tokens assets order represent other assets coins with the enhancement financial transactions. xrt foundation intends enhance the performance transactions and applied application through the ethereum smart contract, using enhanced ways providing real applications and lifetime payments through the hashing algorithm for encryption/decryption provide more secured transactions, lowering the transactions fees, and allowing users fully depend xrt coins their real business safe and secured manner. xrt the x-factor history the decentralized digital currency concept has been under study for decades where there might authority the middle transactions, bitcoin (as the first crypto currency) succeeds provide anonymous transactions without exposing the identity the sender receiver, which led real practical way provide security users and anonymity control among the world. anonymous electronic cash protocols the anonymous and electronic cash protocols were mostly dependable crypt-graphic primitive called chaumian blinding that provided new currencies with privacy control, however their underlying protocols failed gain attraction because they were depending centralized authority money through solving puzzles wei dai's b-money succeed become the first proposal introduce innovation idea, which depends creating money through solving computational puzzles and decentralization, however that proposal did not actually show how decentralized environment can implemented. reusable proof work hal finney introduced new concept "reusable proofs work," which whole system that uses combined ideas from b-money and adam back's computationally hash cash puzzles order create new concept for crypto currency, however failed shortly because relied trusted computing mechanism backend. xrt the x-factor satoshi nakmoto and bitcoin bitcoin the first decentralized currency was implemented practice satoshi nakamoto that combined primitives manage ownership bitcoins through public key cryptography with hashing algorithm order keep track blockchain who owns coins, known "proof work". vitalik buterin and ethereum late ethereum, "which another crypto currency" was proposed vitalik buterin, crypto currency researcher and programmer. development ethereum (eth) was funded online crowdsale between july and august the system went live july with million coins "premined" for the crowdsale. this accounts for approximately percent the total circulating supply. eth started with price less than dollar and today eth equals hundreds dollars. xrt the x-factor ethereum smart contract xrt coins are designed through ethereum smart contract which secured decentralized platform for applications that run exactly programmed without any chance fraud, censorship, third-party interference. ethereum allows developers program their own smart contracts. supports broader set computational instructions. ethereum smart contracts are able to: function 'multi-signature' accounts, that funds are spent only when required percentage people agree. manage agreements between users, say, one buys insurance from another one. provide utility other contracts. store information about application, such domain, registration information membership records. proof work and proof stake proof work (pow) provides simple algorithm that allows network nodes vote verify some updates the bitcoin ledger and allows free entry this process solve the problem who gets influence the consensus with preventing attacks. pow alternates formal barrier participation, such each single node power the verifying process depending the computing power that the node brings. after that, problem huge power and electricity fees began appear order continue working with the proof work, which led new alternative approach called proof stake. proof stake (pos) approach that works through calculating the weight node according its currency staking holding only, which means more power and electricity saving. these two approaches, proof work and proof stake can used for any crypto currency. xrt the x-factor transactions each transaction being placed using wallet (web wallet, windows wallet, ios wallet, mobile wallet) block the blockchain order verified voted among the nodes the network, that the miners' work the proof work and stakers' work the proof stake. verifying nodes transactions can processed less time depending many people interested mining and staking, allowing computers verify nodes the network gain some profits, those verifying nodes make the network alive long there are active nodes the peer peer network. block explorer anyone can check the blockchain any crypto currency "whether separated challenging coin even token created using smart contract another coin" and the number blocks processed through the block-explorer. however, one can know the exact owner receiver any transactions that provides privacy and anonymity for network users. xrt the x-factor xrt: the x-factor foundation xrt foundation non-profit online food platform founded two young and enthusiastic entrepreneurs 'mj paul' 'anil kumar'. seeks partnered with the big companies working food sector, using its own crypto currency named xrt. aims solve the vital payment problems occurring food industry where the xrt coin will the substitute 'card cash payments'. the primary goal use blockchain technology solve the many inconvenience the payment process restaurants and other food stores like cafes and all, using our xrt platform. through our xrt mobile app, will providing customers instant secure payment method solution using our xrt token. card payments will finally hassle-free and the customers will become more comfortable while paying restro anywhere else. xrt coin design xrt coins api xrt coin api allows developers add xrt coins local global payment method. the businesses working the field food beverages are starting their co-operation with xrt foundation accept xrt coins achieve further steps for higher values. you are able pay restaurants and cafes for services using xrt coins that proves more reliability, success, higher value, and better future. xrt the x-factor security algorithm xrt engineers came out with the right decision choosing the ethereum smart contract secured hashing algorithm used the token creation, secured with digital private key signatures that provide private and instant transactions module for xrt coins, besides providing advanced bonuses for members and holders get advantages while buying xrt coins with special bonuses and incentives the ico. those advantages would support xrt community supportive step towards holding xrt coins the safest ways online and offline. xrt transactions explorer xrt transactions are processed the ethereum blockchain which means you are able explore the transactions the xrt coins any time know more about the expanding traffic transactions the same moment they occur through ethplorer.io etherscan.io and many more with respect the privacy our users. xrt double spending proof double-spending potential flaw crypto currency scheme which the same coin can spent more than once. this possible leak security because each coin consists digital file that can duplicated. xrt coin created the ethereum system, which contains the nonce that protects from the double-spending issue, order keep transaction related account order, i.e. there transaction with nonce related some accounts the tx-pool and some transactions with nonce arrived then that transaction won't mined until and unless transaction with nonce mined. xrt the x-factor problems food industry generally face problems when pay restaurant anywhere else. for example, sometimes afraid paying with credit debit card there are chances the theft our card details like pin etc. credit card affiliated payment processors while more secure, can expensive for online retailers. added the expense the lack interface between processing systems. have dependent over the third parties like banks other financial institutes. even face sometimes liquidity issues also. resulting in, processing payment delays, lost transactions and expensive fees. all results the disreputation the restros that's why the both owner the customer are uncomfortable this method. xrt foundation has come the existence solve this issue. xrt solutions xrt will used payment mode food industry. every sector, customer always wants such payment gateway which fast secure. addressing the following purpose, are building very fast and convenient mobile app which will available for both android and ios users. xrt will have some specific features through it's different platforms. these are secure network technically more safe than credit debit cards using secure network ethereum blockchain. low fee xrt has minimum transaction fees through it's network following erc protocol. xrt the x-factor third party intermediaries with blockchain, cryptology replaces third-party intermediaries the keeper trust, with all participants running complex algorithms certify the integrity the whole. the use blockchain can reduce overhead costs when parties trade assets directly with each other, quickly prove ownership information. fully digitalized xrt will lead digitalization xrt the common public through it's revolutionary mobile application which will easily acceciable throughout the world. tradable xrt will available trade authentic and popular global domestic exchanges which has very high volume their trades. good exchange has very special role the growth crypto currency user protection xrt protects users against his personal information, privacy, his transactions and other data while using our platform. provides secure access the web and web-based applications with the help our advanced featured network and technology which makes trusted and healthy environment for users. sufficient supply xrt having sufficient supply million coins feed it's requirements for developing xrt platform worldwide. xrt the x-factor xrt services xrt services and crowd-projects are considered the back-bone xrt coins, the main purposes xrt coins issuance are demonstrating real life applications with global usage for xrt users with the opportunity contributing xrt projects different fields. xrt foundation offers some the advanced products and services through the global decentralized network based the blockchain technology such wallets, global exchanges, mobile app, e-bills, crypto e-pay, xrt advertising etc. wallets xrt users are eligible send and receive their xrt coins through erc- wallets mobiles, tablets, pcs, and laptops. also are bringing our own wallets for android, ios and web. global exchanges xrt coins will exchanged into any other currency like $,eur, ps, etc, and into any other crypto currency like btc, eth, bcc, ltc, etc, through different global exchanges. this service considered breakthrough the crypto currency market that reveals clear desire the xrt foundation embrace the crypto currency market with stability and credibility fundamental element its growth and user focus strategies. e-bills the electronic bills can generated through our advanced mobile application when customer pay restaurants and cafes. the bills could generated through calculating the total xrt paid customer the owner which will include some necessary features like transaction time, date, amount, discounts, cash backs received owners name and wallet address. xrt the x-factor staking proof stake typical computer algorithm through which some crypto currencies achieve their distributed consensus. also better alternative the proof work algorithm achieving the same distributed consensus lower cost and more energy efficient way. this provides dual benefits securing the blockchain network well creating opportunity for users get incentives dividends their holdings. xrt working the concepts proof stake which detailed information about it's working module through xrt platform will provided the whitepaper mobile app xrt will launch mobile app which will have very special features for both android and ios, like wallet security algorithms with email confirmation, authenticator and otp verifications kyc compulsion for every user whether customer owner. creating invoice each transaction acceptable multiple countries instant send and receive cash backs and other special offers and rewards conversion xrt into another currency (fiat crypto) latest updates and news about xrt token well condition market. xrt the x-factor xrt advertising xrt foundation aims become very popular platform which will very beneficial for the restros owners advertise their restaurants, bars and cafes through our mobile app. will create history the digital market. the common public will able see the star ranking for the restros their near location. the popularity and specialties the restaurants could read out through the special features given the mobile app. xrt platform are coming with very unique concept which will make the xrt very popular and usable the digital well real world. aim become the largest payment platform for the food industry all over asia. achieve this goal, are making our platform flexible much possible providing the all facilities suitable for digital payment. even one can get the rewards and other benefits for holding xrts their wallets. are working such features which will beneficial for both customers and owners. xrt the x-factor use cases the concept xrt foundation built around utility, ease-of-access, efficiency and privacy. the app's simplistic and intuitive design allows all kinds users store, send and receive xrt tokens. xrt foundation stands fully aml/kyc and msb compliant product assuring safe environment for all users. some major use cases are detailed below: ease-of-use all interactions with the exchange will through the app which designed specifically cater non-technical people, without encroaching the quality experience. the simple design easy understand and use. the goal offer the same experience all people from all walks life. availability buying crypto most countries lengthy and tiring process. financial systems are not ready move over the blockchain yet, primarily because network contradictory the existence their profit-based institutions. xrt app will available for download globally except some countries and users will have equal access run it. available different markets xrt token will available different markets such ethereum, doge etc. various exchanges for the convenience the customers. fast secure xrt developed using erc- protocol ethereum blockchain. everyone knows the fastest and easiest medium for crypto transactions. more secure than conventional method transactions such banking. it's protocol easier understand and build. uses network protocol and doesn't involve the interaction third parties which makes secure than others. xrt the x-factor marketing xrt foundation, with its multi-faceted model, brand name. vital for the enabler recognized and trusted the community and order that, the focus must creating brand familiarization among the public. xrt foundation will make use various social media platform maximize its potential outreach. social media advertising social media the frontline for any project organization interact with their communities and customers. xrt foundation has been using its social media keep the masses date with the development process, announcements, airdrops and bounties, twitter, telegram, facebook and bitcointalk. running social media campaigns tends more cost-effective than google large part the marketing campaigns will dedicated social media, the time leading full application launch. seo and sem order generate traffic towards the website, blogs optimized for seo will shared sites frequented users sharing interests the crypto-space. not only will these articles create traffic, they will discuss key informational topics well. paid advertising also important gain steady flow traffic. xrt the x-factor promoters promotional campaigns are extremely vital for xrt foundation the early stages development. these campaigns focus creating awareness leveraging the target audiences popular and reputed social promoters. the promoters help introduce your project the masses generally help build credibility for the brand, and they often use social media platforms communicate with their audiences. this immediately grants xrt foundation access various markets around the world. since the project heavily invested community building, users, will able gain some rewards for inviting friends join (referral bonus) somewhere. opportunity for other well growing projects know there very important role well growing companies especially when they are it's early stage. every good project ready get tie with the other project they understand its advantages. xrt foundation offer various projects join our platform. becoming part xrt will also lead them huge audience through our strong marketing strategies. xrt the x-factor team members paul ceo founder anil kumar coo founder govind cio cco suman sagar vikas cto cmo ram advisor satish advisor the x-factor roadmap q-: project planning and market research tie with technical experts and advisors analyzing problems occurring food industry study the whole infrastructure crypto currencies and blockchain q-: website deployment releasing roadmap mobile app for android releasing whitepaper q-: airdrop bounties marketing and promotional activities events and partnerships start pre-sale and icos q-: distribution airdrop and bounties release whitepaper apply for listing exchanges mobile app for ios end ico launching windows and linux wallet listing domestic and overseas exchanges xrt xrt the x-factor q-: tie-up with food giants asia launching mac wallet own restaurants and franchises business tour asia for development xrt foundation advanced features mobile application listing more exchanges partnerships are going partnered and tied with food giants the end year are working very hard reach out our partnership goal for the development our xrt foundation and for easily acceptance xrt many restaurants, bars and cafes. moreover, the companies which are not related food sector, will also served our xrt platform they are suitable beneficial for the future development xrt foundation. xrt the x-factor token sale token sale participants should aware matters progress and check information provided xrt foundation. order launch and grow the xrt decentralized network, xrt foundation undertaking token sale that will provide institutional and individual contributors with the opportunity participate the xrt project. there are total supply allocated for the token sale which equal xrt. the whole event token sale divided into two parts; pre-sale (includes only one phase) and ico (includes three phases). prices xrt are fixed ethereum every phase ico. but convert usd, have assumed ethereum equal usd avoid its fluctuations. this just show the prices xrt usd for the convinience the users. prices are originally fix ethereum only. hard cap ethereum soft cap ethereum minimum purchase eth maximum purchase eth accept multiple crypto currencies payment; recommend buyers convert them into ethereum while purchasing xrt. also the converted xrt will available there the website. below crypto currencies are acceptable ethereum eth ethereum eth bitcoin btc()btc bitcoin digibyte dgb digibyte dgb binance coin bnb binance coin bnb monero xmr monero xmr dash (dash dash) dash) litecoin ltc( )ltc litecoin xrt the x-factor participants who have not completed the kyc aml process, can apply for revert back his payment the same address only before ico ends. their payment will returned back within days only after the end ico after deducting charge cover the fluctuation loss, service fees, time and procedure costs. the total supply xrt for the pre-sale and ico sold out before the provided dates, the sale will closed. xrt's intention enable broad base community members participate the token sale. the total number tokens available the presale and crowdsale will capped, xrt cannot guarantee that all prospective purchasers from the whitelist will able acquire their desired allocations during the pre-sale. further information regarding timelines, discounts, bonuses, kyc procedures, restricted countries and supported payment methods will made available xrt's website the token sale draws closer. token details contract address token details token details xabfbccaaacffd contract address contract address symbol xrt xabfbccaaacffd xabfbccaaacffd decimal symbol xrt symbol xrt xrt total supply decimal decimal maximum supply xrt total supply xrt total supply xrt maximum supply xrt maximum supply xrt token sale details pre-sale price xrt eth start date june ist) end date june ist) bonus coins eth bonus ico phase price xrt eth start date july ist) end date july ist) bonus coins eth bonus ico phase price xrt eth start date august ist) end date august ist) bonus coins eth bonus ico phase (final) price xrt eth start date august ist) end date august ist) bonus coins eth xrt the x-factor xrt the x-factor token supply and allocations for all intents and purposes, the total supply xrt tokens during the formative stages the network will limited xrt. tokens will allocated accordance with the chart below foundation strategic partners team members airdrop bounties ico (%) foundation (%) strategic partners (%) team member (%) airdrop bounties (%) ico xrt xrt xrt xrt xrt xrt the x-factor fund allocation operation reserve marketing business developement technology remaining coins will properly distributed among/for/to: rewards for future promotions cyber security development future beneficial projects, events, tours and project partnerships global exchanges exchanged the long term private/company holding reserves liquidity for the development organization xrt the x-factor listing exchanges trust the only key success. there very important role exchange the success any coin. we, being the xrt foundation will apply the only authentic and secure exchanges because don't want get mixed with the unhealthy projects. our priority will the trusted exchanges having very good volume their platform. kyc/aml policy xrt foundation establishing platform which will usable all over the world. compliance with the laws and regulations all jurisdictions prerequisite for xrt foundation operational worldwide. compliance with know your customer (kyc) and anti money laundering (aml) regulations and all other relevant international and jurisdictional laws will ensured xrt foundation. comprehensive legal compliance will achieved per the country wise legal compliance implementation strategy. countries with highest usage the platform will given higher priority compared countries with law usage. incumbent all parties purchasing xrts comply with all relevant international and their jurisdiction's rules and regulations including but not limited laws relating crypto currencies, kyc and aml. parties purchasing xrts should consider these factors prior purchasing any xrts. xrt the x-factor privacy policy terms use the policies are following and the terms conditions order use our platform any manner are given our website detailed way. social media contact www.xrtfoudation.org xrt the x-factor