address contact altmarket, inc. burbank blvd north hollywood, united states phone: website: info@alt.market email: info@alt.market twitter: @_altmarket altmarket: the xto roadmap version defining the future the business music humble beginnings. when the idea for tao blockchain asm for our project, and formed (symbol: xto) was born late strong business relationship with our goals were aggressive digiramp.com, working rights but simple: develop rights man- management platform serving the agement solution suitable for dai- music and entertainment indus- use both professionals and tries. amateurs. early the tao once we'd assembled all the network project was born when components required imple- formed our initial partnership ment successful new platform, with boogie shack music group. came shocking realization: rights management applications this vital relationship allowed had place within the music take vested financial interest industry without proper mon- the operations profitable etary incentive. some blockchain business within the music indus- projects have since attempted try, while the same time gaining address this issue creating direct access the day-to-day op- complex profit sharing schemes, eration the music supply chain. however all blockchain projects august launched the have the same friction for adop- tao network (symbol: xto) crowd tion, regardless the blockchain sale and raised $,. this used. this friction compounds crowd sale marked the culmina- problem which already exists tion three years effort within for rights management platforms both the music and blockchain without blockchain. there are verticals. the first quarter already several rights management ushered new wave enthusi- platforms that perform the exact version altmarket: the xto roadmap same service that blockchain applications provide, however they are and large not profitable. adding token-based economic scheme simply doesn't solve the basic supply-and demand-problem that rights management faces, itself. the problem, first, seemed unsolvable until one afternoon the ceo boogie shack, hakim draper, and the founder tao network, bryce weiner, were having conversation about the xto. the solution suddenly became self-evident. years while the tao project (symbol: andria. while this platform itself experience. xto) has only existed since wasn't suitable for economic use, represents over three years did begin the exploration hands experience both media applications for blockchain blockchain applications and the technology years ahead anyone business music. else. some our earliest projects was our music business experi- invovled design the "dapp" ence that told better solution the distributed library alex- was possible. years relationships. altmarket: the xto roadmap version learning the music business assume nothing. our relationship with bsmg gave video games, etc), and merchan- those aged account for over the tao project unprecedented dising. merchandising enor- global music revenues. access and mentoring into the mous category which ranges from minors are age category that functioning the business clothing, posters and artwork, blockchain-based platforms almost music. were able partici- specific brands alcohol or, universally exclude not respect- pate directly artist development more recent years, marijuana ing who actually buys music and how known "artist and repertoire" products. within the merchandis- those individuals would gain access "a&r," for short. this old ing royalty stream great deal the network's services. practice curating and devel- flexibility may expressed oping artist performer how revenue generated, and one rights management and all develop their unique style into need only search their favorite other proposed schemes using profitable brand. this brand then artist ebay discover vast blockchain technology are in- becomes the long term residual market commemorative collect- tended slant the flow ex- income that truly provides for ibles. isting funds from the current parties new scheme, but artist's lifetime financial success. the cryptocurrency space blockchain has wrong none are actually creating any all too familiar with profitable blockchain technology the new value for the music supply hype cycles, and artist experi- answer the problems the chain. cost benefit analysis ences similar cycles throughout music industry, but perhaps not any given blockchain solu- their career. the execution commonly described. every tion incurs resounding net long-term branding and marketing single blockchain-based platform negative when viewed within strategy smooths out the "boom for the music industry either the perspective how and and bust"/"feast famine" cycle copy model that isn't prof- why money actually made producing art and allows cre- itable, competes with wildly the music industry. ators make living doing what profitable incumbent, only they love. profitable for early stage investors traditionally this additional in- the off chance the platform come from live performances, ever developed and achieves use tours, featured appearances, syn- scale. furthermore, accord- chronization licensing (tv, movies, ing ifpi's report, those version altmarket: the xto roadmap putting perspective quite simply, moving money the only thing blockchain has ever done successfully any scale. accepting that simple fact, one may then observe the with the coming regulatory oversight, the current blockchain space and how has evolved since market initial coin offerings has already begun have seen exponential increase blockchains demand lower risk, regulatory compliant products and and tokens the degree thousands now exis- platforms which reduce the friction board new tence, with hundreds more being created monthly. participants. any solution for music not only requires the market has not only supported this explosion, all the above, but must then struggle "rise above but created specific infrastructure and regulatory the noise" the cryptocurrency space, itself. what compliance practices order cater it. this goes begins noble and well-intentioned desire cre- beyond the exchanges, but extends the evolution ate service for creators quickly devolves into pro- technical analysis, price discovery, and social media tracted up-hill war attrition, not the front line promotions which have evolved very nuanced set one industry but two. profitable behaviors. discover the value hidden your brand. company proposal everyone's solution the solution for the music industry the solution for the cryptocurrency space. simple, intuitive, fully regulatory compliant interface required for any blockchain project also serves simple, intuitive, fully regulatory compliant on-ramp into the cryptocurrency economy. the opportunity serve both industries once suddenly reveals itself. exploring that relationship further based what already know about both industries, and our first music industry-accepted blockchain application was born. the solution simple: fully regulated cryptocurrency exchange which able issue officially licensed and branded products for sale the public peerto-peer tradable collectible tokens. once the market created, may then present initial artist offerings (iao), new form token sale which within compliance with existing sec regulations and guidelines. iao tokens are the century's answer the baseball card commemorative coin. the blockchain record creates historical chain events which call "proof fan." the incentives artist may offer their fans becomes ala carte menu fan interaction, from free shows face-to-face meetings more traditional items like t-shirts and posters, which limited only the creativity the artist. not only the quantity tokens possessed may considered, but also the length time one has owned token. the entire history support and interaction fan with their favorite artist may now monetized, creating entirely new value both monetary and the experience. enter your project case here version altmarket: the xto roadmap the initial artist offering (iao) safe, fraud free markets exchanges with integrity, putting customer service first regulatory compliant cryptocurrency finance products frictionless access all participants the music supply chain from artists consumers, including minors clear business positives for use any new technology, not simply ambiguous claims "better ecosystems" "disruption" being able demonstrate actual benefit those whom the product intended serve: artists and their fans consists collectable, limited issuance cryptographic token bears unique artwork, similar that album art has intrinsic value either expressed implied officially licensed and branded merchandise altmarket: the xto roadmap version constructing economy market design for iaos will bear many the same traits traditional initial coin offerings and cryptocurrency launches, with certain exceptions. most notably that every token offering officially licensed, reducing the amount due diligence required for risk assessment zero. every single offering within this ecosystem fraud free. the manner analysis iaos reduced two primary categories: economic variables and price discovery. all offerings will accept usd, btc, etc, and xto. participation offerings using xto will receive automatic discount. economic prospectus clear, consistent metrics for evaluation each offering, including but not limited to: total token count, offering type, base network, and disbursement schedule. price discovery new metrics for monitoring the real time success artist's career based sales performance, touring, and media coverage. xto markets special xto base pairs allow for secure trading celebrity brands for all ages consumer. xto adoption seeded the music industry with xto charge, order allow individuals direct experience with cryptocurrency technology and its financial application. version altmarket: the xto roadmap altmarket: the xto roadmap version price discovery artist business analysis traditional financial markets, price discovery function basic supply and demand factors related the market. the iao structure offers several metrics from the music industry which are used create composite scores known the fame demand and fame potential. these two metrics allow for snapshot view into the artist's ability monetize their fan base through traditional methods thereby providing some context for the appeal the collectible token representing that artist. presence presence determined function social media followers, weighted against the specific platform due the variance performance each network tracked. social media platforms tracked include: facebook, twitter, instagram, snapchat, spotify, pandora, deezer, soundcloud, and youtube. notoriety notoriety simple moving average the number times per week that the artist mentioned the media. this metric curated the altmarket(tm) team from variety sources, and each which contributes the computation will accounted. version altmarket: the xto roadmap where attention goes, money flows. discover what capturing attention. fame demand weighted average composed three computed scores. the application weighted averages allows for the quantification artist's career comparison their peers through the same metrics used the music industry, itself, albeit slightly different format. performance this metric variable based the medium the artist, however weighted average the number public performances and the attendance each performance. this metric includes syndication when such data available. potential once the altmarket(tm) platform online, the potential metric will provide simple moving average the changes artist's demand various time scales. potential then serves indicator which may show artist breaking out before the markets reflect the change. altmarket: the xto roadmap version the tao music: the new record executives masternodes: the club exclusive access given the network economics, there will only ever tao will implement master nodes with mini- most members the club. this exclusivity allows mum operational requirement ,xto. this provide top-quality experience for those super fans club" will not only receive long term payments the network. bryce weiner, founder tao network has from the network, but will also entitle those operators described the club experience compared special access across the altmarket(tm) ecosystem. "playboy lifestyle, you got hugh hefner." this includes: the club become the new record executives, with exclu- exclusive events and promotions sive access and funding opportunties for the hottest artists backstage passes entertainment. hanging out with celebrities version altmarket: the xto roadmap serving the whole market the tao network also crime-free, allowing suitable for use for minors who traditionally not have access banking services. special mobile wallets and promotions are under development which will allow those under years age participate the cryptoeconomy while the same time supporting their favorite artists. this unique economic design provides safe lane for involvement the cryptocurrency experience for some society's most vulnerable consumers. even without trading, the annual returns for participation network consensus (proof stake) provides additional means participation for minors learning cryptocurrency, the old-fashioned way how cryptocurrencies and general economics operate. after the crowd sale, our primary tives, music technology ceos, sound focus was demonstrating our and recording engineers, and artists technical abilities implementing cryptocurrencies. seeded the in- music industry solutions utilizing dustry with xto charge, order blockchain technology. allow individuals direct experience unknown most the industry, our with the technology and its financial team secretly "leaked" our unpub- application. october lished technical white paper january non-trivial portion the music supply which outlined our engineering chain holding vested interest design. november filed xto. have taught dozens music provisional patent which was granted industry professionals how install for the administration rights man- and use bitcoin wallets. have, agement utilizing blockchain tech- quite literally, increased cryptocurren- nology. while the industry pursued, adoption within the music industry various solutions based our design, order prepare the market for our began introducing record execu- applications and products. xto markets while dollar and bitcoin trading pairs will offered, they will aml/kyc restricted. such, altmarket(tm) will enable trading artist tokens against xto trading pair. this provides direct access for minors, while the same time providing significant arbitrage opportunities. this provides the added benefit allowing xto early adopters significant advantage which artists gain the most market support. design, this allows for xto holders literally become the next generation music executives. altmarket: the xto roadmap version making reality while the requirements are simple, execution small endeavor. steps were cleverly combined through the efforts hakim draper. each legal agreement was celebrated "making rain" everyone the room and awarding them between ,-,xto tokens without reason ceremony. this demonstration allowed those decision makers the opportunity directly experience the powerful network effects cryptocurrency first hand, and without creating conflict interest. this paved the way for the third step, which involved the appraisal music industry executives the current state cryptocurrency infrastructure. suffice note that the quality and standards were found woefully lacking. furthermore, all existing platforms evaluated, none met the due diligence intellectual property attorneys. drawing from that feedback, the design altmarket(tm) caters towards unique experience the cryptocurrency space focusing customer service and regulatory compliance. our strict implementation aml/kyc allows for the participation year olds special markets, with funds "unlocking" upon their birthday. version altmarket: the xto roadmap legal compliance economic design platform development our legal team will vet every ala carte menu options altmarket, inc. the process single project listed alt- become available for artists developing the exchange market(tm), well provide the implement their token within the platform with the assistance necessary legal due diligience economic systems which cur- several well-known compa- certify each celebrity token of- rently exist within their fanbase. nies within the cryptocurrency ficially licensed merchandise. new opportunities will become space. apparent, with ever increasing rewards for fans! ready for your brand join the crypto-economy? let's get started. www.alt.market address altmarket, inc. burbank blvd north hollywood, united states contact email: info@alt.market twitter: @_altmarket website: www.alt.market phone: