white paper (ver ..) akashic foundation ltd. all rights reserved. introduction the future think... our future will become ever more complex, and more transactions and data will created. has been and always will be, data management one the most important tools navigate this complexity. what will happen maintain the current system where keep all the data one place and manage all the points that are linked each other? means all the risks are concentrated one place. people keep choosing central points where all their personal data stored order use services and maintain their lives, this the right decision the best choice? what such central point stops operate? what people centralized organizations use our valuable information for the wrong reasons? will still able trust the system after all? questionable whether should continue trust current centralized systems which the safety and integrity our data not guaranteed. even cannot transfer all the internet, which sea information, into the blockchain world, shall address the necessity this blockchain platform first step heading toward the future. all blockchains have their own governance. while blockchains such bitcoin and ethereum are different, each has its own goal and direction and presents different solutions. yggdrash acknowledges such difference thinking and pursuing platform which will enable different methods solve these issues together. the ideology blockchain has changed. there are still difficulties how each blockchain project resolves issues and problems reality. users who use the network are concentrated one blockchain, all transaction data concentrated one block, causing negative effects applications the real world. this might cause another centralization the decentralized information networks, showing the limits blockchain performance. too many people try register block the same time, bottleneck will occur which essential task for the network tackle, matter how fast the speed blockchain connection made. many blockchain projects are still trying resolve these problems. the yggdrash project will contribute solve them and subsequently make the blockchain ecosystem much healthier. our future will become more complex, and more transaction and data will created. has been and always will be, the data management one the most important factors. team yggdrash summary why another blockchain? transaction processing performance, abusive, self-interest driven competition between block verification nodes, and sync speed blockchain what transaction speed (tps) throughput, other words, transaction processing performance? basically, measure how many transactions can processed per unit time. many major blockchains today are experiencing difficulties due the dramatic increase the number transactions and size dapp data. case existing centralized platforms, this issue can solved increasing the number servers along with data traffic increase. however, the recently introduced blockchains have inherent limitations. the computations necessary complete each transaction the current decentralized environment and network resources with different processing performance slow down the overall network. addition, the consensus process between nodes makes this problem even worse and more complex. inseparably related the processing performance blockchain are the block validation nodes: other words, the economic incentive for miners. bitcoin, the first generation blockchains, believed that could create transparent and stable ecosystem through the voluntary participation miners rewarding them based mathematical proofs and game theory, such proof work (pow). due explosive growth the number transactions, however, the consensus process governed abusive and self-interest driven block verifiers. they line transactions and dapp data based profitability, resulting higher cost for the blockchain environment. even though such transactions can yield high value for the verifiers, using lower fees slows transactions down leaves them not executed permanently. this the reality the blockchain environment today. what not discussed significantly the blockchain ecosystem until now the matter increased block size and sync speed. since the structure blockchain connects block with another block, the size all blocks increases and block sync speed decreases along with the increase transaction volumes time goes by. since the average size block blockchain and the time for the block sync have doubled every year. february the total data bitcoin and the block sync takes days average. this issue hinders the participation common people the blockchain ecosystem and brings negative result which the nature decentralization turns into the centralized blockchain. such, most the major blockchain projects today struggle solve issues blockchain capacity and sync speed order apply blockchain the real world business, such embedding blockchain technology into iot devices. the current situation bitcoin when bitcoin, the first generation blockchain, was introduced for the first time, the main reasons why received tremendous attention were because its vision offer decentralization-based security, fast remittance, and 'near zero commission fee'. unfortunately the reality ended being not exactly 'fast' for remittances. this goal became almost impossible due transaction delays and unauthorized transactions. fees per transaction have exceeded average over the last three months. result, paying for goods and small transactions became impractical. why these problems occur? most the public blockchain projects failed address the following issues: processing speed decentralized designing economic incentives for nodes created/shared decentralized db. the following figures clearly show the current situation bitcoin faces; minutes" average time takes complete single bitcoin transaction during the past days (blockchaininfo.com) dollar" average transaction fee per bitcoin over the last months (blockchain.info/charts) "," number transactions floating now the bitcoin network now without being included the block (blockchain.info/charts) days" current size total blocks bitcoin and time required sync (bc.daniel.net.nz) terawatt" the amount electricity consumed the bitcoin network during year .tw. this exceeding the total power consumption ireland (tw year) (digiconomist, media outlet specialized cryptocurrencies) the current situation ethereum ethereum, the second generation blockchains, platform operate various dapps using smart contracts, sns, and e-voting. also functions cryptocurrency. however, ethereum also has the following issues: limited scalability because all dapp data recorded and processed the single blockchain ethereum, limitation the economic incentives similar those bitcoin. the following describes the current limitations ethereum; "crypto kitty" november due the popularity crypto kitty, dapp ethereum, which virtual cat can sold and purchased using ethereum, the number transactions the ethereum network increased times day, which resulted network paralysis. "ethereum gas(fee) issue" ethereum designed for users the network pay gas fees for turing-completeness and security reasons. commission policy that users used traditionally centralized services (the eos token policy sounds more reasonable here for example). "issue fee payment case interlocking between dapps" when numerous dapps launch the ethereum platform, these dapps operate one service through interlocking (when the independent commission policy executed each dapp). users should pay commissions every time each unknown dapp (of course, soon all the services are commercialized, most dapps will integrated create better structured platform). "in case dapps are not executed won't executed permanently" the ethereum platform, person who pays fee user but the person who executes the relevant service verifier. verifiers are preferentially validating relatively profitable dapps, whereas low margin dapps are rarely may never implemented. "attacker costs and user costs" creates costs both cases because difficult distinguish attackers and users under the same fee policy. the dilemma that the costs should low for users and high for attackers. days" total size the current blocks ethereum and time required for block sync (bc.daniel.net.nz). believe yggdrash project could solve problems listed above with current blockchain projects carry. yggdrash yggdrash aka world tree, channel connecting all blockchains. the purpose the yggdrash project connect all blockchains using trust-based multi-dimensional blockchain. hopes redesign all services the internet into blockchain platform. origin yggdrash (yggdrash) yggdrash yggdrasil hash yggdrasil immense mythical tree that connects wells the world and locations from the underground and the heaven: "hash" stands for hashed values used blockchain transactions and networks. elements yggdrash yggdrash consists stem chain and branch chains; the stem chain provides the blockchain ecosystem wherein all branch chains communicate with each other and are fused. stem chain the stem chain the main blockchain which the root the yggdrash ecosystem. also aggregate and blockchain containing information all branch chains. the stem chain optimized for transaction processing scalability and expandability storing only minimum information such the address each branch chain. addition, connects each branch chain referring the address each branch chain and able manage the full life-cycle (creation modification destruction) each chain. branch chain branch chain dapp and independent blockchain the same time. since the branch chain itself blockchain, can naturally select the agreed and desired algorithm and form its own blockchain governance. branch chain eventually reaches the level dao (decentralized autonomous organization). branch chain should not confused with side chain. this very important concept. existing channels between blockchains should connected artificial technology like atomic swaps. yggdrash however can naturally refer/connect other branch chains the same time once the branch chain connected with the stem chain, which can create environment where properties between chains are easily transacted. addition, since branch chain operated independent blockchain, not influenced overloading and failure transactions other branch chains. yeed the internal token/cryptocurrency used the yggdrash project. you can find more details about yeed the later sections this whitepaper. the types branch chains are follows; immunity branch chain branch chain used the yggdrash platform; doesn't consume yeed and not eliminated from the list. mutable branch chain branch chain created users; consumes yeed regular intervals. instant branch chain branch chain created users; does not consume yeed but exists only for certain period time (it can created only users who have certain level trust). test private branch chain branch chain not connected yggdrash; used for test and private purposes (the stem chain does not need aware this chain; shared limited users who know the information this branch owner this chain). important branch chains internal currency chain: yeed why does the real world live require currency? think that the main purpose money means transaction, but money one the most powerful tools control and govern society. yeed, the currency the yggdrash ecosystem, one the tools used maintain our network while also works means transaction. however, the biggest reason its existence connect and maintain large number blockchain networks connected the yggdrash network. general, new blockchain created, not automatically registered the stem chain yggdrash. yeed used connect the blockchain the main network yggdrash, and yeed will gradually consumed over time. the new branch chain the yggdrash network can have tremendous opportunities which the blockchain resources and service partners can found and easily connected. reputation score evaluation chain: sacred water why should users blockchain and cryptocurrency system pay network fee? the reasons charge network fees most blockchains are follows; compensate miners who create blocks and maintain the network. since the number blocks are limited, the miners prefer transaction requests paying higher fees the block. prevent malicious users such hackers from attacking the network. the network fee zero, malicious users will cause infinite number transactions paralyze the network create meaningless information register the block yggdrash measures reputation scores and reliability based resources, such time, the resource anyone has and can spend the same amount of, benefit legitimate users and limit malicious users. the more time and beneficial activities you contribute the network yggdrash, the higher your reputation score becomes and the greater the benefits you can get. one them lower fee. users with high reputation score don't have pay any fees when using our network. the same mechanism that customers with high credit scores benefit from when they don't have pay fees while using certain services bank. there are many other benefits that can provided users with high reputation scores, other than free charge services. for example, users with top ratings are given higher share newly issued yeed. such, policy that compensates beneficial contributions the network made possible. the real world live in, can reputation traded resource? difficult assign someone's high reputational score other people. for example, person with certain reputational level might transfer his score others and lower his her own score. the duty the yggdrash community develop and improve ways how execute these kinds policies. earn reputation score yggdrash ecosystem, users should contribute and invest time the yggdrash network. when users accumulate trust reputation order adversely affect the network, they are detected other network participants surveillance systems, reducing their scores. addition, all options are possible such eliminating benefits like fee waivers, resources yggdrash, and the right build trust designing the policy accordingly. the most important asset yggdrash not yeed but trust score which can benefit many others the network. yggdrash will distribute more benefits and privileges many participants who want create healthy ecosystem, and will create blockchain ecosystem grow together. reputation score creation chain: sacred water fountain the creation reputation score network participants conducted the reputation score creation chain. the algorithm designed increase the score when beneficial activities are detected the yggdrash ecosystem. the nodes are inactive, the score cannot obtained increased. the same time, yggdrash will run system monitor and punish users who intend obtain reputation score maliciously. advantages yggdrash the smart contract data capacity issue resolved the smart contracts ethereum add value the decentralized system blockchains. smart contracts contribute the creation transparent and efficient blockchain ecosystem allowing numerous transactions follow automated agreement that could not have been realized the real world. however, also faces the limit capacity loading numerous smart contracts into the blockchain. fact, the issue data capacity not resolved developing decentralized applications made smart contracts, cannot create the desired business applications. how can resolve this critical issue? our answer that only integral information the smart contract uploaded into the blockchain and the binary file received through another path the network, the limitations data capacity with smart contracts can resolved. addition, the programming language smart contracts will not constrained, and the hurdles development smart contracts will become significantly lower. improvement processing performance through blockchain network sharding yggdrash allows network sharding using multi-dimensional blockchain features. first all, branch chains that sharding should have the same governance, and each branch must have the other branch chains' sharding information. the following example shows sharding with two branches. the criteria process sharding are assumed based the account number each branch chain (e.g. odd even numbers). case sharding with branch chains above, moved from yeed branch yeed branch only one trade occurs general. however, moved from yeed branch other branches, yeed branch will have two confirmation processes taken yeed branch with the asset escrowed. this can described follows; sharding effect same branch other branch branch sharding count the example above shows sharding performed with two different branch chains. case sharding like the example above, the sharding writing performance (transaction processing performance) the same with one branch chain. however, the performance improves significantly when sharding performed with more than branches. the performance single branch chain yggdrash expected between and tps, and blockchain network sharding can improve processing performance even further. using our blockchain technology, business applications that require large amounts transactions for micropayments can served effectively the yggdrash platform. akashic system -improvement node sync speed applying bra (block reassembling algorithm) most blockchains that consist the main net today provide full node (wallet) that can utilized. various functions such smart contracts can executed those networks. however, most cryptocurrency users are using cryptocurrency exchanges light client node (wallet) services trade cryptocurrencies and use smart contracts. this because difficult form full node their own. one the biggest constraints the time and economic inefficiency involved due the need all the blocks the blockchain downloaded and synchronized. for example, the synchronization for bitcoin takes about days while that for ethereum takes about days million blocks january those who want form full node different blockchain platform not synchronize from the genesis block (the first block its blockchain). receiving wallet where blocks are synchronized certain extent and shared over the internet through network, they can save time synchronization. still the nature widely used networks today (such torento etc.) might come with the risk carrying viruses. one receives the wallet from available servers where reliability and integrity not guaranteed. yggdrash will realize effective and stable block synchronization through the block reassembling algorithm (bra). the block reassembling algorithm consists components follows; akashic record (ar): set values all transactions before blocks block box (bb): set blocks containing blocks one box original block (or): blocks general blockchain the akashic record set data that stores the results all transactions (the result value transactions from all accounts) from genesis block block specific checkout point. block box set blocks containing several blocks one box. order realize the bra, the result value and hashed and saved the block according the specified policy. the actual binary data and stored the file sharing the network yggdrash. when node synchronized using the bra, the block data downloaded parallel from yggdrash's file sharing the network, and then compared with the hash value the bra stored the yggdrash block guarantee integrity and security. yggdrash proposes method which all network participants can easily participate the network without losing the advantages blockchain network. the bra can also option synchronize full block, depending the users. the following examples show how increase the actual block sync speed using the bra; scenario let's assume that there new node time when the current block number bra operational policy (akashic record): the akashic record stores the result value per every blocks (block box): block box created for every blocks result bra application yggdrash block sync speed bb+ regional block sync time about minutes block sync speed other blockchains block block sync time about days you can see above, bra technology that can minimize block sync rate and node resources the size block increases. ultimately, believe that are able solve the issue block size which current blockchains are striving tackle. result, expected that blockchain technology can applied many business areas such internet things (with limited processing power and data storage) and other applications. the file sharing the network solving the issue storage capacity the file sharing network yggdrash registers smart contracts, akashic records, block boxes, and chain resources. the application exists not only the code, but operated with various types resources that offer the service the application. yggdrash provides option overcome data limitation the blockchain through the file sharing the network, which will enable more diverse and varied blockchain services. interoperability guaranteed multi-dimensional blockchains the reason why yggdrash called multi-dimensional blockchain that can connect blockchains with other blockchains created different time. order connect different blockchains, the time concept blockchain must understood. bitcoin creates one block every minutes and ethereum creates one block every seconds. how can those two different blockchains connected? yggdrash solved this task applying akashic slice, the chain connection protocol. the time when the data different blockchains exchanged, the result the block the node stored shooting snapshot that exact moment. for example, let's suppose that person looking out through window and car passing by. can prove that the car passed the window taking photo the car that exact moment time. other blockchain platforms can connect the stem chain yggdrash through the chain connection protocol designed us, our network resources (yeed, reputation, different dapps) can used their blockchain platforms well. eventually, existing block chain platforms can connected yggdrash and operated like branch chain the governance issue resolved. blockchain starter smart kit yggdrash provides blockchain development toolkits for independent blockchain developers. each toolkit customized for blockchain development that satisfies the schedule, flexibility, applicability, and convenience development depending business requirement and strategy. yggdrash would like set aside separate budget fund open source environment and the development blockchain technology. this one incubation projects that yggdrash plans. the incentive will paid depending the contribution each project participant. anyone interested wanting contribute the blockchain technology development can participate and use this resource. the blockchain development toolkit offered two types; blockchain starter kit (blockchain infrastructure development kit) the blockchain infrastructure development kit modularizes the basic elements blockchain help developers quickly apply blockchain technology their businesses. consensus algorithm (pow, pos, poi, etc.) encryption algorithms (ecdsa, hash, etc.) data structures (merkle tree, patricia tree, etc.) node wallet configuration (full node, light node, web node, etc.) special functions (smart contract, zero-knowledge proof, etc.) blockchain smart kit the blockchain smart kit will contribute the development new technologies overcome limitations blockchains such sharding and lightning networks, and allow the blockchain technology attached other business enabling technologies, such artificial intelligence, internet things, and genetics. the role yggdrash grant incentive create such environment. wish that participants with passion and competency the blockchain industry will become pioneers who can contribute the world others did. scalability (sidechain, sharding, lightning network, etc.) interoperability technologies (multidimensional blockchains, atomic swap, etc.) data capacity saving technology (akashic record, block box, file sharing network, etc.) industrial revolution technology (big data, iot, ai, rt, etc.) yggdrash governance consensus algorithm since the blockchain operates random network environment, must resolve the issues time lag information arrival, system malfunctions and failures, and forgery data. the consensus algorithm designed verify the legitimacy blocks created each node that network participants can achieve single result the aforementioned environment, and share them across the entire network. bitcoin consensus algorithm based the calculated amount pow (proof work) which the first realize electronic money system that anyone can participate network. however, having structure which block chain branched, often the case that when node using short chain converted into long chain, the balance the account changed the transaction itself vanishes. prevent such phenomenon, bitcoin has wallet that can set limit, such not being able the next transaction for about blocks even when the transaction confirmed. this one the reasons why difficult introduce bitcoin financial institutions because the uncertainty finality (data completeness). addition, the verification the reliability the distributed data takes longer than other algorithms due the complex computations and many node consensus times. thus, this makes difficult increase processing performance (response time and throughput), and above all, tasks that need processed real time are basically unsuitable. the ethereum platform, pos (proof stake) being applied, and the one the characteristics this algorithm that the node with more cryptocurrencies given the priority create new blocks. this based the premise that node that owns large number the currency will protect the reliability the system keep the value the currency." the basic structure different from the pow and improved model terms resource consumption processing speed the nodes since hash calculations are less difficult depending the amount currency owned. however, the uncertainty the finality and performance ability are the remaining assignments solve for both pow and pos. yggdrash designed the dpoa (delegated proof authority) based the pbft(practical byzantine fault tolerance) improve the performance issues pow and pos. first, let's learn about pbft. pbft, one the participants the node becomes the master node and will send block processing request all nodes, including itself. the results the request are aggregated and number values are used determine the block. the number negative nodes, the number nodes should and the determination requires least node. below the schematized steps the pbft block processing. pbft processing steps: client broadcasts request all nodes node# (master) sequentially forwards the commands other nodes when each node receives the command (), replies all nodes including node# (master) when each node receives more than certain number (n) commands transmitted (), transmits the received signal all nodes including node# (master) when each node receives more than certain number (n) commands sent (), executes the command, registers the block, and returns the reply the client unlike pow pos, pbft uses the majority rule make decisions resulting branches from the blockchain. other words, confirmed block unchangeable, and the finality assured (not structured for blockchain branching). moreover, terms performance, pbft proves its superior algorithm since does not repeat the calculation meet certain condition like pow pos. however, pbft also has disadvantages. pow, pos can operate the blockchain even only one node remains, but pbft does not operate the blockchain until meets certain number nodes. this means that single failure point the master node must resolved. yggdrash was designed solve this challenge through the tiering nodes (master nodes and sub-nodes). default, the block verification has been designed generate blocks every seconds according algorithms (round robin method, time series method, etc.), which can adjusted the optimal time through the test net process. each master node delegates its representative authority its sub-nodes accordance with the yggdrash's authority delegation policy. result, single point failure can improved while maintaining certain number nodes. the above diagram depicts the node operating configuration yggdrash. among the nodes, alphabets are the master nodes, and alphabetic-numeric nodes are sub-nodes corresponding master nodes. the block generation the node develops randomly algorithm, and the structure has robust tolerance malfunctions because the empowerment process executes immediately when there any failure delay certain node. addition, even illegal use attempted abusing node's authority, the majority has agree it, and when the master node cheats and all the participants figure out monitoring the movements the master node, they can decide replace the master node majority vote. the delegated proof authority (dpoa) the consensus algorithm yggdrash. public blockchain must basically draw agreement from number unspecified, unreliable nodes. bitcoin designed certify blocks based the "proof work", and ethereum based the "proof stake". since the anonymity the fundamental share with all blockchains, difficult measure the reliability the account. however, accounts yggdrash can made into another digital identity the internet blockchain applying similar credibility the real world. yggdrash wants create world blockchains which can build trust the world unreliable blockchains. the trust increases decreases with the behavior each node the yggdrash's branch chain reliability assessment chain. the master node yggdrash the node that has made the most contributions over long time. the node with the highest reliability will appointed voting the master node group after its reliability has been verified. this gives each master node the most important "authority" propose, revise, decide policies the yggdrash network, and verify the blocks the stem chain. yggdrash wants create blockchain ecosystem turning the unreliable environment into reliable one, and short-term benefit seekers into long-term visionaries. governance the master nodes master node elected through the reputation evaluation chain yggdrash when more than the master nodes are involved and the majority approves the node. the master node group can vote and decide the operating policies the yggdrash ecosystem, the reward and punishment policies for network participants, and yeed's monetary policy. addition, master node's authority can delegate, transfer, and dismiss master node according the 'authority delegation model'. the master nodes yggdrash will distributed each continent based stability and security, and the number master nodes will calculated the ideal number through the test net. incentive master node due the multi-dimensional blockchain policy, the structure yggdrash prevents the direct monetary rewards. however, the master nodes yggdrash can receive benefits within the ecosystem such imperishable blockchain suggestions which not consume any yeeds, transaction fees, and on. the authority yggdrash's master node can revoked immediately does not participate block verification, violates the rules and acts, and shows malicious behaviors without cause. addition, the representative node's cheating reported and the report recognized, the representative will disabled and the reporter will receive certain percentage compensation depending the report policy. the monetary policy the yggdrash currency (yeed) yeed the currency used inside yggdrash, and billion yeeds are issued the beginning. burning yeed will occur for least one year and the total volume will gradually decrease accordingly. yggdrash differentiates the transaction fee according the reputation scores the network participants, and the account that has more reputation than the certain level free from transaction fees. the most important area for yeed usage creating and maintaining new branch chain. the vitality the new branch chain decided the amount yeed, which will consumed gradually. the yggdrash ecosystem develops and enriches, the value yeed and the stem and branches yggdrash grow together. transaction fees from unreliable accounts are used the budget for the yggdrash incubating fund, which further drives the ecosystem yggdrash. use cases decentralized exchanges (dex) this literally "decentralized exchange". all deposits and withdrawals cryptocurrencies are made solely the blockchain dex. possible trade cryptocurrencies directly yggdrash's personal wallet. this wallet connects directly the blockchain rather than the tokenized internal wallets provided exchange platforms today. truly decentralized exchange, random manipulation and harmful activities such blocking deposits and withdrawals are almost impossible. since benefits from the security the blockchain, dex are free from system hacking and leakage personal information like often see today with existing centralized exchanges. dex yggdrash will become game-changer decentralized exchange platforms. delays transactions and hacking attempts will prevented and reliability ensured. dapp store blockchain (dsb) branch chain yggdrash service and dapp the same time. the ethereum platform, the issue inefficiency data storage has been the rise. users who want execute dapp had receive all dapp data and that have relation execute that the other hand, yggdrash requires only downloading the branch chain which related the specific dapp. this due the fact that each dapp independent blockchain and service. comparable the fact that you don't have download the complete movie library torrent website you only want download the star wars movie. yggdrash provides environment like the app store apple which users can easily search and download the blockchain dapp they want. can you imagine what the future will like? this can realized the dapp store platform yggdrash. our daily life the near future the following situation imaginable the near future: peter sets business meeting his smartphone with certain location and certain time. when leaves the building, unmanned vehicle waiting for him. when gets the car, drives him the location via optimal path. upon arrival the destination, gets off the car and heads the meeting. how does yggdrash operate this situation? soon the meeting schedule set, yggdrash (or dapp), which installed his smartphone, calls the nearest unmanned car. when the closest and most reputable unmanned vehicle assigned, the car immediately arrives the pick-up point and waits for peter. the cost for the ride will uploaded soon after peter gets the car and will paid immediately upon arrival. right after the payment made, the reputation the unmanned car rises and the revenue from the payment automatically distributed the relevant account the unmanned car branch chain. person who wants invest the unmanned vehicle can invest purchasing token branch chain operating the unmanned vehicle. peter does not show up, the reputation score peter will reduced and there will disadvantage cost and time for calling unmanned vehicle next time. summary yggdrash what makes yggdrash special? yggdrash proposes the most practical and achievable ways overcome some the most important challenges other blockchains; inherently slow processing speed due decentralization (though decentralized systems will mostly remain slower than centralized ones), the issue economic incentives that are forced maintain the blockchain network relying large number non-specific validation nodes, and the increased block sizes and slowed down block sync speed. propose the most practical and achievable ways overcome those issues. independence and processing performance each blockchain guaranteed optimized performance main chain processing the stem chain yggdrash serves the path connect all branch chains and realizes the optimization processing performance and capacity follows: lightening size block data data stored the stem chain minimizes size the data itself storing only minimal information such the address each branch chain. this reduces the issue data size that linearly increases over time. optimization consensus procedure and block generation will apply the dpoa (delegated proof authority) consensus algorithm. this algorithm designed based the stability and reliability users, and improves the processing speed simplifying the consensus procedure calculation time and optimizing the number participants. each blockchain (dapp) has its guarantees own independent network and governance each and every blockchain should not subordinate certain higher ranked blockchain. should its own independent blockchain network, governance, data, cryptocurrency, and service. the data other blockchains dapps which not required should not possessed, and resources should not used maintain such data. addition, the delay processing data and transactions other blockchains should not affect your service and network. yggdrash solves the problem introducing the concept stem chain and branch chains. summarize, can provide services without delay using the blockchain dapp with normal users because consists separate blockchain independent branch chain depending the nature and purpose each service. this allows the creation ecosystem and environment where active dapp operated and serviced any situation. various blockchain technology toolkits are provided for participants yggdrash network yggdrash provides processing performance for each branch chain and various technical services blockchain business participants. enhanced processing performance through blockchain network sharding enhanced node sync speed through block reassembling algorithm (bra) enhanced data storage through file sharing network enhanced smart contract data storage convenient applications and enhanced efficiency blockchain services through block chain starter smart kits solving selfish mining competition and enabling trust reputation based economic incentives solving selfish mining competition systems node miner) who charge block consensus the public blockchain the most important factor for maintaining the blockchain network. however, the increasing number transactions processed has resulted selfish competitions among the nodes diggers) that intend secure transactions with the highest fees. yggdrash will solve the selfish competition problem applying dpoa. the verifier yggdrash blockchain has the authority determine the policies our yggdrash network, rather than receiving incentives cryptocurrency through pow and pos. therefore, the verifier will conduct selfish mining for economic incentives but contribute make our network much healthier and enriching. trust based economic incentive guaranteed yggdrash, separate branch chain, the reputation evaluation branch chain, evaluates the trust level reputation score each branch chain and user. this chain designed measure reputation scores based equitable "time". this resource given the same amount anyone equally order ensure punishment for malicious users and provide economic incentives such fee exemption for good users. interoperability and scalability between block chains are guaranteed yggdrash blockchain platform that can connect different blockchains which satisfy different business needs users. the stem chain and branch chain serve those roles. the stem chain contains address information all branch chains connected the yggdrash network using domain services when search google. order connect other branch chains, the active branch chain selects the service other branch chains needed its business using the information contained stem chain. true competition-free market yggdrash will finally emerge once possible ensure the independence each blockchain and economic incentive connecting other blockchain businesses. the early stages, each blockchain should focus its time making its own blockchain ecosystem and service branch chain. subsequently, each blockchain will find opportunities with other blockchain services our yggdrash ecosystem. participants will eventually experience another level type business model that can created through mutual connections. the more these fused services with various business players there will be, the more our network will enriched. users will fascinated our yggdrash blockchain ecosystem. incentives for different participants yggdrash designed provide economic incentives all participants the blockchain ecosystem. aims create transparent, fair, and reasonable blockchain ecosystem for all network participants, rather than create monopoly environment through someone with wealth and power. cryptocurrency developers dapps and services can developed and provided along with their own business logic without having take into consideration transaction delays other blockchains. each branch chain can connected line with your business strategy. also, development resources needed separate chain connections, such atomic swap, are longer needed and various blockchain technologies and toolkits provided yggdrash can utilized. cryptocurrency miners branch chain miners: they can select reliable chains based the chain reputation score information provided yggdrash. through that stable mining rewards can guaranteed. yggdrash ecosystem: yggdrash can create stable network ecosystem whole, including branch chains due the inflow many miners who prefer stable rewards. cryptocurrency users (investors service users) they can select reliable blockchain services based the information the reputation evaluation chain provided yggdrash, and stable investment rate for investors and stable service for users are provided. also, users with high reputation scores can receive additional benefits such fee exemption. cryptocurrency service providers possible implement one's own service more quickly and efficiently using the blockchain starter smart kit provided yggdrash. also, service providers can create continuous, expandable, and various fused services connecting rich blockchain services which are connected the yggdrash ecosystem. cryptocurrency exchanges using the yggdrash trust evaluation information possible recognize and prevent users from the damages exchange platforms caused problems specific chain cryptocurrency. addition, possible minimize the development resources needed list cryptocurrencies using standardized wallet module. this helps maximize revenue exchange platforms from listing and operating their platform. e-mail: info@yggdrash.io homepage: https://yggdrash.io