Table Of Contents

INTRODUTION
PROBLEMS
OOOBTC EXCHANGE PLATFORM OVERVIEW
● Technical Architecture
● Safety
● UI Preview
● Our Fiat and Debit System
● Peer-to-Peer Purchasing
● Our Advantages
● Coin Pairing System
● Coin
● Exchange Application Device Coverage
● Revenue Structure
OOOBTC EXCHANGE TOKEN (OBX)
● Token Use Case
● Token Liquidity
● OBX Allocation
● OBX Reserved
● OBX Liquidity
● OBX Dividends System
● OOOBTC Gaming Platform
● OOOBTC Charity Foundation
DEVELOPMENT ROADMAP
CONCLUSION

INTRODUCTION
The cryptocurrency market seems to be growing in popularity every day.
With the astronomical rise of cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum,
there seems to be an influx of people into the market. Many cryptocurrency
exchanges cannot even afford to have their account creation feature open
all the time. Such is the demand for entry into the market that trading account
creation for new customers is periodically disabled. The average daily
trading volume of the market is usually in trillions of dollars. The total market
cap of the entire market stands at more than half a trillion dollars which is an
astonishing feat considering the market is less than a decade old.
However, despite all of these large numbers, there are a number of major
problems that plague the market. To use these numbers solely as an
appraisal index of the state of the market would present a false narrative.
There are structural and functional issues that affect the market. These
problems stem from a variety of reasons such as the infant nature of the
market, lack of understanding of the cryptocurrency space, and some
peculiar economics of cryptocurrencies.
The following are some of the major problems in the cryptocurrency
market.
● Price Manipulation By far the biggest issue in the cryptocurrency
market is the excessive volatility. The prices of cryptocurrencies on
exchange platforms rise and fall dramatically over a short period of
time. When a tradable asset can drop by as much as 49 percent in less
than 24 hours, then the volatility of the market is high. There are a
number of reasons that contribute to the excessive volatility in the
market but perhaps the biggest contributor is the activities of “whales.”
● Whales are individuals that have large cryptocurrency holdings. They
are able to swing the market by manipulating the price of a
cryptocurrency. They do this by means of “buy and sell walls.” A buy
wall is simply when a “buy position” worth a lot of money (probably
running into millions of dollars) is opened on a crypto trading platform.
Regular investors who trade in small amounts will notice this big buy
position that has been opened and interpret it to mean an imminent
price increase. Once this happens, the price of the cryptocurrency will
inevitably go up.

● Pump and Dump ICO Schemes ICOs have emerged to become an
integral part of the cryptocurrency market. Many tokens are introduced
steps that need to be carried out.
● Lack of Price Uniformity to the market via ICOs with investors buying
these tokens in exchange for fiat money. Pump and dump ICO
schemes continue to be a problem for the market due to the lack of
regulation. During the ICO, the entrepreneurs behind the token
speculate massively on the coin, driving the prices up and getting
investors attracted. Once this is done, they cash out, leaving the
investors with worthless coins that have little or no value.
● The Activities of Cybercriminals The cryptocurrency market has
right from its inception been beset by the activities of hackers and
cybercriminals. There have been a number of high-profile
cryptocurrency hacks and heists that have resulted in millions of dollars
being stolen. Traders and investors have lost funds and some
platforms have ceased to operate. In the aftermath of these hacks, the
price of particular cryptocurrencies has dropped considerably. In a bid
to counter the activities of these cybercriminals, traders and platform
operators have to take a number of precautionary measures. While
some of these measures are indeed helpful, they create bottlenecks
that hamper the cryptocurrency trading process. This then creates a
trade-off between security and efficiency. Take for instance, the need
to provide adequate security for cryptocurrency held in wallet storage.
Due to the activities of hackers, some traders prefer to store the bulk
of their cryptocurrency holdings in offline wallets. This means that
anytime they wish to trade, they have to move from offline storage to
online storage before participating in the trade. This constitutes
another hassle in an already convoluted trading environment.
Transactions on a blockchain are immutable and as such if funds get
stolen, there is little chance of ever recovering such funds.
Cryptocurrency trading platforms constantly have to improve their
security framework in order to stay ahead of the hackers and thieves.
Many of these upgrades also make the trading process a lot more
cumbersome with all the authentication Price charting is an essential
part of asset/commodity trading. It is often necessary to develop price
charts in order to carry out investment analysis and develop trading
strategies. The problem here is the price of a cryptocurrency can vary
considerably on the different exchange platforms. With such extreme

price differences for the same cryptocurrency, price charting becomes
a difficult endeavor. Add to this, the sheer degree of volatility in the
market and the problem becomes even more exacerbated.
● Transaction Delays The cryptocurrency market is plagued with a
litany of delays across almost every type of transaction. From opening
a trading account to verifying your identity and being able to make
deposits and withdrawals, the system seems to be quite slow.
Blockchain technology ought to make transactions occur faster but it
seems to take forever for transactions to be approved on the various
chains. Issues having to do with scalability have been identified by
experts as being the cause of transaction delays. As the blockchains
become longer, more transactions are being held up in the queue
awaiting approval. The market is volatile and as such, delays can be
costly. Traders end up missing out on favorable positions because the
transaction didn’t get posted on time.These are just some of the
nagging issues in the cryptocurrency market that threaten to affect the
quality of the trading experience. It is vital that key stakeholders in the
market continue to work on efforts to combat these issues. As the
market grows and evolves, it is hoped that some of these issues will
become a thing of the past.
● High Trading Fees The Encrybit survey reveals traders address
trading fees as one of the three biggest issues with crypto exchanges.
Many well-known crypto exchanges ask a fee between 0.25% to 3%
whereas OOOBTC exchange mostly requires no fee or a small fixed
fee.
● Poor technical architecture Many exchanges are “put together
quickly”, by good tech people, but who have little or no experience in
finance or in operating an exchange. They often choose the simplest
approach to get the system up and running. While this may work well
in the beginning, as traffic grows, the system will not able to handle the
increased load. Exchange systems need to be engineered from the
ground up with security, efficiency, speed, and scalability in mind. This
often slows down the initial development, but is critical for long-term
success. Our team has decades of combined experience building and
maintaining world class financial systems that shape the economy. We
understand how these systems are built from the ground up.

● Insecure platform There are hundreds of exchanges that went down
due to being hacked1.Binance is built to high standards, audited, and
penetration tested. We haveexperience building financial systems to
the highest security standards and strive to ensure security first.
● Poor market liquidity Professional traders and normal users are
significantly affected by this.Having a shallow orderbook means high
slippage when trading, which is very expensive for traders. Getting
miners, institutional investors and large traders into a new exchange is
a chicken and egg problem, and requires a team with deep industry
resources. ooobtc team have been in both the finance and crypto
industry for many years. The team has worked on and operated a
number of exchanges, and have accumulated a large network of
partners in this space. These partners will be key in bootstrapping the
exchange
.
● Poor customer service Traders are a different breed when it comes
to users. Understanding the trader mentality is vital for running a
successful exchange. Money is literally on-the-line. Many exchanges
service traders as if they were running a social media site. A 3-second
delay in seeing your friends’ status update would hardly be noticed, but
on an exchange, the same would be unacceptable, resulting in a
torrent of user complaints.In additional to the technology stack, ooobtc
is built with service in mind. ooobtc shares support responsibilities
across the entire staff and company. When a trader has a problem,
they get an answer directly from someone who knows the system and
not someone reading from a script.
● Poor internationalization and language support Blockchains have
no borders. Most exchanges focus only on one language or one
country. Our international multi-lingual team has extensive working
experience in North America, Europe and Asia, and we are able to
smoothly support the global market.

OOOBTC EXCHANGE PLATFORM OVERVIEW
OOOBTC is a gateway and exchange platform for cryptocurrencies and
Crypto-ecosystem located in Singapore. OOOBTC provides diversified
system functions such as spot trading, futures contract trading, over-thecounter trading, whole-network trading, and decentralized trading. Moreover,
it satisfies the needs of numerous investors. Our trading system has a robust
security mechanism and reliable underlying architecture, which provides
investors with a dependable trading experience. Besides, the unique online
trading model of the ooobtc platform would efficiently match the market depth
of major exchanges around the world while providing even higher liquidity.
Relying on the whole network trading system, we believe the ooobtc platform
will become the largest liquidity provider of digital assets in the world.
SAFETY
We have been taking variosusly careful measures like cold storage system,
2-factor authentication and encryption technology to encryt your personal
account information, which allows you to have assured protection of your
fund. security is the most important aspect of business practice. This is why
we integrate similar smart technologies to provide our clients with the highest
guarantee of security available on the market. Currently, our unique features
include:
● Pool Trading – We are capable of obtaining high trading volumes and
generating substantial profits in today’s stock market due to our integration
with other corporate finance houses and major trading forces.
● High Performance Support -- OOOBTC trading system adopts selfdeveloped, high-performance core matching engine technology and
leverages distributed computing technologies such as Google Spanner and
BigTable. Thus, it can support massive concurrent computation and make
the order processing speed reach one million transactions per second.
● Community Trading – We are capable of providing users with a platform to
which they can upload their smart contracts in order to participate in an
active smart contract community for trades, business, services, and
increased visibility.
● Coin Suggestions – New and existing cryptocurrencies can be submitted for
consideration by our community users via our website. If we see a digital
asset getting a considerable amount of support from its community, we will
carry out the due diligence and make a decision to list this asset.

OOOBTC FIAT AND DEBIT CARD SYSTEM
Exchanging crypto to fiat or exchanging fiat to crypto is one of the major
problem faced by many cryptocurrencies and exchange, newbies find it so
hard to key into cryptocurrencies, or trade cryptos on exchange due to lack
of converting them back to fiat or fiat to cryptos. OOOBTC exchange aims to
keep things very simple and fast for beginner users looking to delve into the
cryptocurrency space. Even if you have never heard of Bitcoin or Ethereum
before, OOOBTC does a very good job at creating a welcoming and
informative page that invites users to explore this new endeavor.

With the debit/credit card implementation, one can easy withdraw and
deposit fiat to purchase cryptos using a simple steps via Mastercard, verve,
visa or any other acceptable card. Also with the recent development and
partnership with some fiat payment providers. We will include fiat trading
against cryptos.
Example
USD/BTC
EUR/OBX
CAD/ETH
AUD/LTC
We believe that this will help solve the problem faced by many
cryptocurrency exchange, OOOBTC aims to enable quick and convenient
cryptocurrency spending, anywhere in the world, without any special
restrictions or waiting time”.

PROFESSIONALISM
Based on the precise and secure technology, our terminal is prepared to
provide reliable and quality serives which make sure you are able to trade
any of ooobtc currency pairs free from all the worries
UI Preview

OOOBTC is listed on coinmarketcap with over 26,000 btc trading volume,
OOOBTC can be accessed seamlessly on the web, Android, iOS, PC, Mac
OS, and the H5 mobile browser.
In addition to covering digital assets that have been recognized widely, such
as Bitcoin and Ethereum, OOOBTC will also set up a professional research
team, upholding the concept of openness and cooperation, and picking highquality blockchain digital assets around the world.

Peer-to-Peer Purchasing
One of the biggest advantage of our Platform is that they do not involve
financial institution intermediaries. For merchants, the lack of a “middleman”
lowers transaction costs. All transactions are done peer to peer and recorded
via blockchain.
Coin Pairing System
Our orders parring software are swift in processing your trades and can
process as many as possible orders you can work with. You can be certain,
on our exchange, that your orders will never be stuck due to the order
processing engine being congested.

Multilingual Support
OOOBTC support English, Russian, Filipino, Chinese, Japanese and
Korean on all of our user interfaces. (The very initial release will be in
English only.) More languages will be added with time.
Revenue Structure
Our revenue will be generated from this sources
SOURCE

DESCRIPTION

EXCHANGE FEE

OOOBTC initially will charge a 0.15% fixed fee per
trade. Other changes will be introduced per time,

WITHDRAWAL FEE

OOOBTC charges 0.5% to 1% withdrawal fees only

LISTING FEES

OOOBTC will also set up a professional research team,
upholding the concept of openness and cooperation,
and picking high-quality blockchain digital assets
around the world, there may be a fee associated with
those listing.

OOOBTC EXCHANGE TOKEN (OBX TOKEN)
The OOOBTC token will serve as the driver of our platform and not only valid
in our exchange but will be used across well known exchanges, It is a
reusable ERC20 token that is freely transferable on the Ethereum blockchain
and can be held within the our integrated wallet or any ERC20 compatible
wallet, at the discretion of the user. OBX Token can be purchased directly
on the platform or from external markets and exchanges. To support the
project of OOOBTC exchange, we will launch different promotion campaign.
The total supply of the OOOBTC native token is 3 billion (3 000 000 000) and
no other token can be created.. NO PUBLIC SALES, NO ICO WILL BE
HELD.
TOKEN USE CASE, LIQUIDITY AND ALLOCATION

LISTING FEE

20% Project listing fee will be payable using the
OBX Token.

AIRDROP AND
REWARDS

Holder of OBX Token will receive airdrop of any
token/coin listed on our platform and will also take
part in trading reward.

DIVIDENDS AND
GAMING

Token holders will earn 20% - 50% daily/monthly
dividends from our trading commission.
Daily personal OBX trading volume from 0.01,
gives one the opportunity to draw a lottery and win
more OBX Token.

VOTING

Only OBX holders can join our monthly “vote for
your coin” listing campaign.

35% - Airdrop, Bounty and Public Shares
30% - Community building, Marketing and Partnership
25% - Locked for Technological development

10% - Co-founders and Development Team

5 5% - Tra d in g co m pe titio n
2 0% - Distr ib ute O B X b a se d o n O B X b al an ce
1 0% - Distr ib ute O B X b a se d o n u se r a sse t ba la n ce
1 0% - Ai rd ro p
5 % - Re co mm en d ne w u se rs.

Game with OBX :- you will be given an opportunity to join the ooobtc game and win
OBX token, ones you have a personal daily trading volume above 0.005 btc.

Join the OCF and win
OBX Token as reward.
Stake or hold OBX Token :- Receive
daily/monthly dividends when you hold
and trade OBX Token in your ooobtc account.
Earn OBX Token as referral commission
when you introduce a friend to OOOBTC
exchange

Earn OBX Token when you
recommend a friend to purchase
and hold OBX Token.

Holder of OBX Token will receive
50% airdrop of any token/coin listed
on our platform and will also take part
in trading reward.

Gaming

Pay trading fee:- receive 25% discount from trading fee when
you make use of OBX token or when you trade in the OBX market.

OBX DIVIDENDS SYSTEM
OBX Token is an ERC 20 standard token and when held on the exchange
will enjoy dividends shared from the total platform revenues. The amount of
Obx bonus is calculated based on the amount of asset held at 00:00 on a
daily basis and the trading fee of ooobtc at the current hour which is normally
distributed at 02:00 UTC (UTC + 8) everyday. Usually all users get their
bonus within 24 hours. The bonus will be paid directly to users account
without the need of manual collection. You need to hold at least 1000 OBX
to obtain the bonus and keep them for more than 24 hours. We will make a
unified payment to users for OBX bonus, please rest assured and wait for
the bonus arrive at your ooobtc account. The daily dividend received by the
users is not a fixed number, the more OBX you hold the more profits you will
receive.
The OOOBTC Dividends and bonus system are in six (6) phase
1. Dividends according to the total market value of all the currencies held
in your OOOBTC exchange wallet.
2. Holders of OBX Token will get daily dividend paid in OBX Token and
this is based on the total number of OBX one is holding.
3. Recommend a friend to purchase and hold OBX Token and you will
get daily dividends paid as recommendation reward.
4. Register new users and get OBX Token paid as referral commission.
5. Win OBX Token by playing games through the OOOBTC Game
Center.
6. Earn dividends as our market maker, by trading OBX Token daily on
OOOBTC exchange you will earn dividends generated from our trading
fee.
How is the OBX Trading dividends calculated?
OOOBTC we will use 20 - 50% of all trading fees earned by ooobtc to buy
OBX from the market and then redistribute to users base on the OBX Bonus
Program. Furthermore, all ooobtc Bonus moving forward will be given to
users in OBX instead of other cryptocurrencies traded on the exchange. We
believe this will simplify our OBX Bonus system and fit better with our user's
expectations.

Let's make a simple example to further elaborate the bonus system.
The user John holds 10,000 OBX in his OOOBTC account. Let’s say in May,
the average volume of our entire exchange per day is assumed to be 10000
BTC, according to our current fee rate, the trading fee we collected per day
is assumed 10 BTC. John will get bonus at 10 * 20% * (10,000 OBX Token \
3,000,000,000 Total supply) = 0.0006 BTC per day, 0.0006 BTC will be
converted to OBX and released to his account.

Total Daily fee (TDF) x Current Dividend Rate (CDR) x {OBX Held / Total
Supply} = Dividends Payout
Note the total trading fee includes both BTC market, ETH market, OBX
market and every market in the ooobtc platform

OOOBTC GAMING PLATFORM
Gamers are arguably a great target audience for blockchain applications like
cryptocurrencies as they are used to online payments and dealing with virtual
currencies that exist within a digital ecosystem. Blockchain has provided the
opportunity for the gaming industry something it was lacking for a long time
- stability. Considering every few weeks a scandal about data leaks takes
shape, this is a long-awaited change which is particularly important for the
online betting and gaming industry.
Finding a good place to play your favourite games like casino, Poker, throw
dick, Pet Box, Dice, Blackjack, Roulette, Lottery, Poker, Plinko and Slot
games online may prove to be a real challenge, even for those players who
spend a lot of time researching and reading trustworthy reviews. Although
you can actually find a large number of truly reliable and honest online
casinos, it is not rare for someone to open a casino site with the intent to
quickly reach the money. Luckily, that’s not the case with the ooobtc gaming
platform, because it is one of the most reliable places where you can play
some popular games safe and secure, using cryptocurrencies only and the
good part of it is that one can play this games for free and win OBX Token
without losing money, Based on the idea of safe and responsible gaming,

ooobtc gaming platform is offering safe and fun environment where you can
play popular games, by trading with a daily personal volume of 0.005 you
will been given an opportunity draw and join the ooobtc games and win OBX
Token.
The Dice Game
Another great game is called Dice, a crypto dice game. Here your task is to
predict whether a number the dice will roll is higher or lower than a certain
digit from the range from 0.000 to 99.999. This is not a classic dice game,
but it still gives you a possibility to use different systems as Martingale or
D’Alembert to predict the final outcome.
The Blackjack Game
Blackjack is a classic card game where your goal is to have only 2 cards with
a sum that equals 21. Also, you will win if the dealer has a lower score or the
same with more cards. ooobtc gaming offers the basic variant of this popular
game, so you won’t have any difficulties to start playing it immediately.
● Daily OBX trading volume over 0.005 BTC you can have one
opportunity to draw a lottery or any other games and win OBX Token.
● The zero trading fees and competition both runs daily from 12PM.
UTC+8 on to 13PM. UTC+8 (1 hour only)
● OOOBTC reserves the right to cancel or amend the competition or
competition rules at their sole discretion.
● Invite 5 new friends to register an account successfully daily, you can
get one more chance to draw the lucky wheel daily.
● All trades that we deem to be “wash trades” will not count towards your
total trading volume for this competition.
● OOOBTC reserves the right of final interpretation of the activity.
● Deadline for the awards; Please collect your award weekly or it is
regarded as abandonment.

CHARITY FOUNDATION
OOOBTC Charity Foundation (OCF) is a non-profit organization dedicated
to the advancement of blockchain-enabled philanthropy towards achieving
global sustainable development. OCF aims to transform philanthropy by
developing the world’s first decentralized charity foundation to build a future
where blockchain technology can be used to end all forms of poverty and
inequality, advance sustainable development and ensure that no one is left
behind, OOOBTC will donate 10% of it revenge to OCF.
One of the key benefits provided by blockchain technology is transparency,
which is also one of the greatest challenges faced by charities today. “Donors
don’t have the visibility as to where their funds are going, and most donations
do not reach their intended beneficiaries.
This lack of transparency causes a lack of trust, further reducing the
willingness for people to donate to charity funds in general, we will partner
with charity organization around the world and reach out to those who needs
financial support for healthcare, education, water, shelter and good care.

What we do:

1. Incubate entrepreneurs and projects Make direct investments
2. Collaborate with other industry partner and participate as LP
3. We offer charity event like healthcare services, children education,
We support entrepreneurs in:
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.

Funding
Go-to-market strategy & BD
Token Models & Distributions
Technical Review
Listing Advice
Talent Recruiting
Digital marketing
Blockchain development.

THE OOOBTC EXCHANGE DEVELOPMENT ROADMAP

Q2 2017
Conduct market research and verify
technical and market feasibility.

Q4 2017
Main project launch.
OOOBTC launch the most
Largest Singapore crypto
Currency exchange.

Q2 Q3 2018

Launchof new and improved exchange
UI/UX withmassive upgrades for traders
including a worldclass UI that is responsive
for mobile users.

Q3 2017
Set up the project team, obtain project
Approval and develop products.

Q1 2018
Public API Release, develop new
Prototype capable of more than 50,000 TPS.

Q4 2018
OOOBTC launch Atomic swap trading
(Atomic Cross-chain transaction)

Q1 2019

Q2 2019

Launch of O OOB TC token (OB X TO KEN ),
t he launch of ooobtc token which will be the
backbone to the exchange. Aidrops, bounty,
t rading competit ions, list ing competitions
amo ng solid projects.

Launch of anew affiliate reward program
for referrers to the platform, full worldwide
promotions and marketing of ooobtc exchange

Q3 Q4 2019
OOOBTC version 2.0 launch
mobile app with 100% friendly.
More crypto games integration

2020
New roadmap update and
Continue development of
The exchange.
Fiat pairing and Debit card integration

CONCLUSION
Blockchain Technology is changing the world to a decentralized world and
there is a need to trade in an innovative and secure platform where users
around the world can safety and easily exchange their assets, every day
cryptocurrencies are gaining more legitimacy and the number of companies
that is accepting cryptocurrencies keep increasing, we at OOObtc believes
in decentralization and givimg power to the community members, we also
believe in community building and partnership.

Stay tuned to our new development and news at our social media and
website
Website : www.ooobtc.com
Email : service@ooobtc.com
Twitter : www.twitter.com/ooobtcExchange
Facebook : www.facebook.com/ooobtcExchange
telegram : www.t.me/ooobtcExchange

