A New Decentralized Financial System utilizing Multi-block Chains.
(EveryCoin & TabiPay)

Aaron Platform Public Whitepaper [V1.01]
First update : 5, Feb, 2018
latest update : 8, Jan, 2019

Notice of Disclaimer :
We try our best to ensure that everything in this white paper is accurate and up-to-date, but there
may be a shortage, so future descriptions contained in this white paper may change.
This document does not provide investment suggestions and does not include any negotiation
elements.
The Aaron Platform Cryptocurrency is not made up of securities within any jurisdiction.
Please refer to the complete disclaimer at the end of this document.

- 1 -

INDEX
1. INTRO
1.1. Background ································································································ ··························· 3P
1.2. Outline ····································································································· ··························· 5P
1.3. Explain of Aaron Platform

··································································· ··························· 5P

2. Characteristic of BlockChain
2.1 Encrypted Electronic currency ··························································································· 10P
2.2 BlockChain Method
········································································································ 10P
3. Aaron System
3.1. EveryCoin – MainChain ····································································································· 12P
3.2. TabiPay – SideChain
·································································································· 13P
3.3. Eco-Chain System
··································································································· 13P
4. Aaron BlockChain Technology
4.1. Hybrid Consensus & DDPOS(Double Delegated Proof of Stake) ····························· 16P
4.2. Smart Contract ···················································································································· 17P
4.3. BLAKE-256 Hash Algorithm
···························································································· 18P
4.4. Schnorr signature ················································································································ 18P
4.5. DAO(Decentralized Autonomous Organization) ···························································· 18P
4.6 DSW(Dynamic Smart Wallet) ····························································································· 19P
5. Token Distribution Structure
5.1. Token Distribution
············································································································· 21P
5.2. The Promotion of Presale and the Token Generation Event ····································· 21P
6. Team & Advisor
6.1. Team
································································································································· 23P
6.2. Advisor ·································································································································· 24P
7. History & Roadmap
7.1. History
····························································································································· 26P
7.2. Roadmap
·························································································································· 26P
8. conclusion
※ Notice of disclaimer.

- 2 -

1. Intro
1.1. Background
Financial System
Despite the development of financial and information technology, the current financial system
provides many uncomfortable and insufficient services in developed countries while having many
deficiencies of service in developing countries.
Despite the developments over the past several decades, a third of the global population (⅓) is
not still using mainstream finance. The remaining two-thirds of those using mainstream financing
are also getting services with payment of an expensive cost.
Financial institutions are using centralized ledger method that monopolize and manage all financial
information centrally. It has structural problems which make financial management costs increase
such as information security, expensive hardware purchase costs, branch and personnel
maintenance costs
Financial institutions are demanding more excessive costs to consumers on those reasons.
Some banks, as well as remittance and exchange fees, are charged for opening and using bank
accounts, and they even ask for the inconvenience of depositing a certain amount.
Furthermore, the high financial expense that we pay is used to maximize its own benefits of the
current financial system. As the result, it causes the widening gap between the rich and the poor
in financial services along with decline of quality of life.
The ongoing existing financial policy has accelerated the problem, and the public is complaining
about traditional financial institutions.
As a result of financial exclusion, consumers are suffering from high risks and fees by relying on
cash and non-financial markets. The current financial system has made the Financial Exclusion to
rely on this path as well as weakened the ability to monitor the amount of income and
expenditure of government.
The appearance of many cryptographic currencies has given hope to the underprivileged who
have not received financial services.
But, there is a problem that the basis of cryptocurrency transactions is based on real money.
Generally, when you want to purchase a cryptocurrency from an exchange or a P2P site, you
must send the real currency to the bank account of the exchange, the P2P escrow account or
the account of the cryptocurrency holder.

- 3 -

There is a high barrier that people excluded from financial services need a bank account again
to trade cryptocurrency.
Many companies want to realize the purpose of providing new financial services with existing
structures, modules, infrastructure and technology. However, the current developments and the
results obtained by the financial science's technologies and the comprehensive financial policy are
already limited.
BlockChain
The block chain financial ecosystem can not be realized in traditional finance.
The block chain technology can be escaped from the problems of the centralized financial system
and this new distributed finance will meet the principle of fairness of the financial affairs. It also
stimulates the real economy and provide encouraging service to the virtual economy.
A new financial ecosystems based on block chains can solve long-standing problems such as
systemic risk, data security, financial exclusion and fragile competition.
The decentralized ledger technology and transparent system of cryptocurrency allows us to create
new financial tools and to be processed with decentralization in a global boundary. They can also
provide services and empower to individuals and companies around the world.
However, despite BlockChain and Cryptocurrency users are making a lot of efforts to create a
new ecosystem in addition to these advantage, they don't still use BlockChain or cryptocurrency
in real life easily.
There is a reason that Cryptocurrency itself is an evolving new industry. However, the more
fundamental reason is that most Blockchain and Cryptocurrency technologies have unfitted two
defects in daily life.
The first defect is the transmission speed.
Real-time high transmission speed is critical in order to use Cryptocurrencies as payment means.
However, it is very inconvenient as it takes at least 10 up to 30 minutes to use representative
Cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum for paying in shops or for transmitting between
users.
The second defect is the high transmission fee.
Transmission fee is $4 for Bitcoin and $6 for Ethereum. It may not be a big problem when
transmitting big amount. However, in case of paying or remitting small amount such as $10 in
daily life, the transmission fee of $4 or $6 is a big problem to make users hesitate to use.
After all, this brings into scalability. Many cryptocurrencies are trying to solve these problems.
However, due to the increasing block size more and more, the solution has not been found yet.

- 4 -

1.2 INTRO
Our goal is very simple.
the first, by creating an unrestricted financial system, we make everyone in the world can be
received the benefits of financial services for free.

The second, everyone in the world get out of the existing financial framework and will be able to
open and use new financial accounts free of charge. And FIAT CURRENCY,
CRYPTOCURRENCY and DIGITAL CURRENCY are exchanged one another conveniently.
To achieve this goal, we have designed a system that allows everyone around the world to
conduct transaction by smart consultations and manage their funds by social connections through
a vast array of combined projects.
This is to provide a new financial platform for the financially excluded persons in the current
financial system by combining the electronic monetary system based on the real economy with
the versatility of cryptocurrency. Also, this is to create a new cryptocurrency's financial system by
securing the value stability of the cryptocurrency and then overcoming the constraints of the
existing financing as the currency of the real financial service.

1.3 Introduce f Aaron Platform
Aaron Platform has redefined financial services and transformed its financial paradigm from a
strictly rated and exclusively centralized system in tradition to a decentralized comprehensive and
scalable system.
The Aaron Platform proposes a new financial platform that combines stable coin with fluid value
coin as a way to overcome the inconvenience caused by blockchain speed and the disadvantage
of high variability of cryptocurrency.
As stable currency and fluid value currency are structured as multi-block chains, it ensures not
only the value stability of real financial services as a currency but also the security and scalability
of cryptocurrency.
Our multi-block chain method can offset the variability of cryptocurrency through the combination of
flexible main block chains, fixed value side block chains and echo block chains applicable to various
digital assets.

- 5 -

[diagram 1.3.1] The characteristic of Aaron BlockChain
This is supported by using Multi BlockChain technology, which is a combination of MainChain
EveryCoin, SideChain TabiPay, and other EcoChains each other.
EveryCoin
The Aaron Platform takes the EveryCoin standard and adjusts the EveryCoin deposit amount
according to the issued volume(the circulation amount) of TabiPay and other Eco-Chain. In the
market, the value changes by the equilibrium price of demand and supply in accordance with
EveryCoin's circulation amount's change.
EveryCoin used in the Main BlockChain of Aaron Platform guarantees TabiPay like gold. And it is
used as a key currency enabling exchange of all FIAT Currency, Cryptocurrency and Digital Currency
by Aaron Currency Matching Engine.
TabiPay
For financially excluded persons, we build a stable currency blockchain, TabiPay BlockChain and
let them create and use TabiPay safety accounts free of charge.
The TabiPay account is an independent security account of TabiPay BlockChain, not an existing
financial company account. It is a system that anyone who does not have a bank account can
freely deposit and withdraw money.
Instead of going to bank and opening an account there like now, people visit a nearby TabiPay
Shop (convenience stores, pawn shops, supermarkets, etc.) or our affiliates and will open a
TabiPay safety account which makes deposits and withdrawals convenient in real time. In
addition, you can transfer for 365 days and 24 hours via Tabipay App at real time.
TabiPay was developed to change the finance of the real economy, not the standard currency for
exchanging cryptocurrency as like USDT, TRUEUSD, and DAI which are linked to USD.
TabiPay, used in TabiPay BlockChain, is StableCoin, and has a value of 1 to 1 with Thai Baht.
TabiPay is guaranteed to be paid because it is issued as much as the EveryCoin reserve of

- 6 -

Aaron Platform like the previous gold standard(EveryCoin Standard), Customer’s deposit will be
deposited in full cash and escrowed and verified through cooperation with a partner bank in
Thailand.
TabiPay is a currency created to apply the cryptocurrency to the real economy, and it is issued
as a stable value’s global electronic currency in cooperation with the central bank. It will stimulate
the local economy more and expand the boundary of potential influence of the Aaron Platform.
With this TabiPay System, we can complete a new currency value system by building a hub of
real economy and cryptocurrency.
Name of
cryptocurrency

Tether

TrueUSD

Dai

TabiPay

Operator

Tether

Truecoin

Market participants

Aaron system

standard

USD

USD

USD

THB

abbreviation

USDT

TUSD

DAI

TABI

222,717

1,349

354,321

57

Deposit can not be
confirmed

Deposit can be
confirmed

Market Volume
(Ten thousand)
Daily trading Volume
(Ten thousand)
characteristic

100,000
(Forecast to 2019.)
150,000
12
(Forecast to 2019.)
EveryCoin standard,
Set up deposits with
Deposit can be
automatic agreements
confirmed
36

[Diagram 1.3.2] comparison of Stable Coin
Eco-Chain
Ethereum has created a cryptocurrency ecosystem by creating a platform for generating tokens
based on Smart Contract technology.
The Eco-Chain System on the Aaron platform provides an ecosystem that can utilize BlockChain
not only in the generation of tokens but also in digital assets other than cryptocurrency by
evolving one step further in Ethereum technology.
In addition to cryptography, there are many digital assets around us.
Airline mileage for faithful customers' loyalty marketing, online shopping mall points, cafe coupon
system, game money and game items in game companies can be also safe and convenient
digital assets by using BlockChain.
The global digital asset market is about $ 200 billion and it is expanding rapidly every year.
The Eco-Chain system provides services that can manage and issue digital assets easily to all of
companies and individuals issuing digital assets based on BlockChain. So it provides services that
can issue and manage digital asset management system with low cost.
With the Eco-Chain system, digital assets can be easily issued and circulated. So you will be able to
realize benefits such as secure transactions, value increases and exchange with other currencies.

- 7 -

In addition, as these eco chains will become EveryCoin's SideChain, they will increase the value and
usability of EveryCoin.
Cryptocurrency Exchange
The Aaron platform includes the Aaron Cryptocurrency Exchange.
Aaron Exchange is expected to open in March 2019 based on the "Digital Asset Business Act"
established in Thailand as a global exchange market that can deal with various kinds of
cryptocurrencies.
Aaron Exchange will serve you the market of EveryCoin and TabiPay standard.
The EveryCoin and TabiPay standard markets are served by TabiPay and EveryCoin as
main-based currency like Bitcoin, Ethereum, USDT.
The Aaron platform serves to achieve double effects by supporting both safe transactions using
TabiPay's stable value characteristics via TabiPay & EveryCoin standard and transactions that
can realize revenue as the value of EveryCoin rises.
It also enables to find potential coins among the eco-chain's cryptocurrencies created by the
eco-chain system and to trade them on the Aaron Exchange. The cryptocurrencies of the echo
chain that is traded on the Aaron Exchange becomes EveryCoin's SideChain, so that they can
get the partnership that EveryCoin and echo chains can develop together.
These traded cryptocurrencies can be withdrawn worldwide.
The Aaron Exchange will make it possible to withdraw money in the currency of each country in the
world along with the withdrawal of the cryptocurrency in the withdrawal transaction.
Wallet
The Aaron Wallet provided by the Aaron platform allows you to manage real accounts and
crptocurrency wallets as well as integrate digital money. Furthermore, it provides right to access
to the decentralized cards integrated into this account.
In addition, we will provide more effective services by working together with existing global
financial services via partnerships with global payment cards.
Aaron Platform will create a new financial ecosystem by acquiring the permission of the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC) in Thai government and obtaining the authority of the real
money market though partnership with commercial banks.
TabiPay is a global financial account based on a block chain that is monitored and managed in
accordance with Thailand's law. It is available for all individuals and companies to use in real
time and does not require any address or credit history in Thailand
The Aaron Platform is made up of a combination of creative ideas and a variety of technologies.
in order to provide a financial account that can be used by people all over the world and make

- 8 -

mutual exchange possible for all FIAT Currencies and Cryptocurrencies with our EveryCoin and
TabiPay.
Aaron Platform built under these technologies and ideas is free or low financial account cost and
easy to use with security.
This white paper describes the problems we have found, the Aaron Platform's solutions and our
implementation plan.
We want to deliver legitimate information regarding the broad technical details we seek.

- 9 -

2. Characteristic of BlockChain
2.1 Encrypted Electronic Currency
Although cryptocurrency is accepted at the stage of investment and speculation, cryptocurrency
also has technical value other than monetary value.
Generally, Bitcoin and Ethereum have a monetary value that you can pay, but you can not define
a cryptocurrency only as a virtual currency like Bitcoin and Ethereum.
If the electronic money used in the real economy is made based on a block chain, it will be
recognized as a currency because it develops in security and reliability more than existing
electronic money.

Therefore, if electronic money is made based on cryptocurrency technology, it can be used more
widely than common currencies as well as Bitcoin and Ethereum.

[Diagram 2.1] the Type of Digital Cryptocurrency
2.2 BlockChain Method
The block chain is a public block chain such as Bitcoin and Ethereum that anyone can
participate in, and a private block chain in which only limited persons participate. The field of
industry’s attention is the private block chain.
Public block chain technology, which anyone can participate in, is not only undifferentiated but
also has a vague profit model when applied to the industrial sector.
The most notable private block chain in the early years is the R3CEV (Global Block Chain
Consortium). By sharing all internal bank transactions, R3CEV aims to eliminate or minimize
intermediary roles such as clearinghouses represented by Swift. Since the clearinghouse is an
intermediary that keeps and guarantees records of transactions between banks, there have been
risks from the bank's viewpoints such as the brokerage cost and the centralization of transaction
records.

- 10 -

However, blockchain technology can solve this problem by storing transaction records in a
decentralized fashion. In other words, the transaction records of A and B banks are also
distributed and recorded to other banks so that they can trust transactions between A and B
banks. Big global banks such as Bank of America, Deutsche Bank and HSBC jointly established
a company called R3CEV for this business and developed a private block chain. R3CEV has
introduced a block-chain platform called Corda and is in the test process for its commercialization.
The HyperLedger, a block-chain research consortium led by The Linux Foundation®, is also
growing fast. The early Hyperledger projects were led by IT companies such as IBM, Intel and
financial companies and finance companies like JP Morgan. However, recently, massive
manufacturing companies such as Airbus and Daimler as well as logistics companies like
American Express, are actively participating in the Hyperledger project.
Private block chains are not easy to commercialize. Block-chain technology is a structure that
gains confidence of data and services by managing data in decentralization. The greater the
number of participants, the higher the reliability. However, the private block chain has the
disadvantage that is difficult to obtain participants to decentralize the data or service and process
it unless it is a federation like R3CEV. For example, if a company is building a private block
chain, it needs to find a number of third-party companies that will decentralize and store the
data.
As a result, more famous companies are planning cryptocurrencies business based on a public
block chain. From the second half of 2015, cryptocurrencies that support various businesses have
begun to emerge. And, as of January 2018, several global corporations are preparing or keeping
their cryptocurrency business in mind.

- 11 -

3. Aaron System
3.1. EveryCoin - MainChain
The Aaron BlockChain consists of several SideChains attached to one MainChain and it differs
from the traditional Single Chain system. It is a "branch ecosystem" that the MainChain acts as
the backbone of the system and is connecting multiple SideChains(differentiation into multiple
layers).

[diagram 3.1] Intro of Aaron System
All SideChains of Aaron can be linked to a few sub-chains and then they can be also linked with
a role performance of MainChain in one area of the system. Like this, Aaron BlockChain creates
branch structures of the system that can be expanded horizontally and vertically.
The Aaron MainChain is a block chain operated by the Aaron OS, which is the backbone of the
entire system. It is consisted of a SideChain index system, a token system and a DDPOS
agreement protocol.
The SideChain index system connects all the chains within the Aaron ecosystem.
The internal SideChain operated by an Aaron OS contributes to the capital environment of the
Aaron system using Aaron tokens.
All Aaron SideChains are required to pay a certain amount of EveryCoin to create a healthy
ecosystem and to determine if the SideChain is based on the Aaron BlockChain.
The amount of payment will be adjusted in consideration of the timing with sufficient time. In
addition, the amount of payment will be determined through a community vote to measure
reasonable payments.
EveryCoin is a token used in the MainChain for side chain-based currency and intelligent
exchange. All SideChains can support their own default tokens and will be considered as assets

- 12 -

of Aaron.
The SideChain can easily issue a contract token. On the Aaron system, you can switch
EveryCoin to digital assets, and vice versa is also possible.
If the SideChain decides to issue a digital asset, you must pay EveryCoin accordingly. at the
same time with creation of the digital asset, the user sets the initial percentage of digital assets
and EveryCoin. Aaron's capital pool and digital asset pool are created automatically and the ratios
are quoted according to the market price.
If the value of a digital asset in the SideChain goes up, Aaron's capital pool will require more
EveryCoin to maintain the value increase. The more quality SideChain projects using EveryCoin,
the higher the value of EveryCoin naturally.
3.2. TabiPay - SideChain
TabiPay is a chain of cryptocurrency used in the SideChain of the Aaron platform and transaction
chain method's banking block chains at the same time.
The nodes of the system in the TabiPay BlockChain consist of a Consortium BlockChain by the nodes
our partner owns and operates.
TabiPay BlockChain uses the Delegated Proof of Stake (DPOS) Consensus Algorithm.
The issuance and deposit volume of TabiPay will be finalized later depending on the number of nodes
and transactions in each country.
3.3. Eco-Chain System
Eco-Chain System is a collectivity of Cryptocurrencies, Smart Contracts, Tokens, Organizations,
Mainnet, Testnet, Cloud R & D System. The Eco-Chain System includes BlockChain Systems or
Non-Block Systems.
The MainChain of the Eco-Chain system will be EveryCoin. Hereafter, Tabi MainChain based on
the DAG model will be connected.
Then, the Eco-Chain System will evolve or fuse into each SideChain including Smart Contracts,
Tokens, Organizations. Each SideChain can be created with a Block or Non-block Chain system.
ach individuals or development teams according to the DAO model will be included into the R &
D Systems of the Eco-Chain System and various outputs will be produced. They will develop,
validate and distribute Tokens, Smart Contracts, Cryptocurrencies and Organizations.
The results produced by the R & D system are not run on Aaron's Mainnet immediately. It can
be entered into the Mainnet after an open test involving various members in the Testnet called
Beta Release.
When it is registered on Eco Marketplaces after Testnet of the R & D system, it will be

- 13 -

automatically entered into the Mainnet.
Registering in the marketplace means that many system users can use a real time service
environment easily without any additional configuration or synchronization of huge blocks
(Everytime new cryptocurrency is added, it is synchronized)
Eco Marketplace is Cloud Computing and it is the space where the results of the DAO system
are stored. It is also where the proposed or calculated results from the DAO system are
combined with the Eco chain system.
In Eco Market Place, various experiments such as various versions, beta, formal opening,
upgrading and so on can be done. It has functions that can be developed and distributed in
conjunction with Testnet and Mainnet.
New smart contracts, tokens, cryptocurrencies, sidechains, etc. downloaded from Eco Marketplace
will automatically become the part of the Dynamic Smart Wallet (DSW).

- 14 -

4. Aaron BlockChain Technology
The Aaron Platform is built with a cryptocurrency system that digitalized real money, a Global
Finance & Payment System, and a Multiplex Governance System. It tries and actualizes new
financial services that all people can use by keeping all trading books on Multi BlockChain safely.
Aaron Platform's block chain system is BlockChain and Non-block Chain System at the same
time. They have a unique structure called Main BlockChain and Side BlockChain and each chain
is connected in parallel or series.
In the block chain of Aaron Platform, EveryCoin becomes the MainChain of all chains and each
other block or non-block chain is connected to it.
Each SideChain is developed by the DAO system and the developed items can be BlockChain or
Non-block Chain. Each of these is connected to the MainChain as SideChain. In addition, each
chain can have a protocol of agreement (POW, DPOS, POS, PBFT, POOL) in a unique way and
can be also divided into separate networks.
EveryCoin System will build a system that accepts a Block or Non-block chain called the huge
Eco-Chain System as the same ecosystem and communicates with them. These ecosystems
make organic alliance possible and establish channels for communication among Chains.
In addition, the EveryCoin system will provide a unique system environment called DSW.
The Eco Marketplace, so called the developer system, is a massive Cloud Computing System.
Each developed and uploaded SideChain in the Eco Marketplace will be an electronic wallet
called the Aaron Wallet, at the same time, and it will be a container of applications that can
actively add, modify and delete chains.
Aaron BlockChain uses a hybrid agreement method that combines POW and DPOS. And it
performs checking and complement each other by combining the advantages of a public block
chain and a private block chain.
The Aaron BlockChain system node works with a 2-way decision consensus method, which are a
mining node of the POW and a node of the DPOS that must be authorized by the Aaron System
Corporation. It is consisted of Business node with the partners managing and maintaining the
system as well as the EIUC called EveryCoin International User Council.
Aaron BlockChain does not waste unnecessary power or time to generate blocks by combining
the POW agreement method with the DPOS agreement method in which the delegated node
receives contract authorization and transaction fee in contract execution. And it does not need to
wait for the new block to be mined. instead of it, but the state change is authenticated and
approved at any time by the agreement of the possible designated nodes.
Individual chains can be customized. And sensitive business data can be stored and
authenticated by the Aaron Guarantee Cloud service under strict security instead of being stored

- 15 -

in an unspecified location.
Aaron Guarantee Cloud is responsible for asset and digital signature processing, but it is
separated from the block chain. It increases transaction speed and makes synchronization time
shorter
The Aaron Platform uses Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG) network transport method
For example, if the Bitcoin transmission method is like receiving data from the parent, the DAG is
a method of receiving data from parents and siblings. As DAG shortens the time for a block to
be distributed to all networks, it makes transmission speed fast and reduces the cost by
processing large amounts of data at once.
The DAG starts from the concept that has no limitation in throughput and processing speed.
Also, the processing of transaction approval is immediate and it takes good care of the maximum
amount of information at the maximum speed that the network can handle.
Since the Aaron Platform starts from DAG as the basic concept, the calculation of the transaction
process' speed per second is meaningless.
This concept can make us deal with determinism in flexible way.
4.1. Hybrid Consensus & DDPOS(Double Delegated Proof of Stake)
The consensus algorithm is the core of the block chain-based currency or system. The algorithm
tries to answer the question, 'How can we prove that all decentralized databases have the same
set of information?'
The advantage of POW
Ethereum already. Since
such as preventing the
simultaneously distributed

is that it has strong security and stability as proved in Bitcoin and
mining has been going on for many years, it has many advantages
inflation of the currency because the total amount of coins is not
to the market from the beginning.

However, after a certain period of time, POW will increase the difficulty of calculating the
encryption algorithm. So in the POW system, due to competition, weak hash power's group are
extinguished while only strong hash power's group survive. As a result, problems arise due to
leaning toward the mining group.
The Aaron Platform will use the hybrid protocol of the POW + DDPOS (Double Delegated Proof
of Stake) which is originatively designed by the Aaron team. This protocol will improve security
and network performance while maintaining a reliable network as combination of POW and POS.
In particular, DDPOS is a way to lock a certain amount of tokens before running a node on the
network like POS (Proof of Stake). But, only a Business Node consisting of partners who manage
and maintain the system and an EveryCoin User Council node called the EveryCoin International

- 16 -

User Council (EIUC) can participate in the settlement. The nodes are executed through mutual
complement and agreement. On the other hand, if the delegated EIUC wants to stop the node,
they can unlock the token.
A business node can stake EveryCoin in every 10,000 units within one node and EveryCoin
International User Council (EIUC) can stake EveryCoin in every 100,000 units within a node.
They receive a Transaction Fee in proportion to the total number of coins staked to the node in
exchange for liquidity suppression.
Coins staked on a node provide economic incentives for operating a node as well as
guaranteeing the security and integrity of the information stored in the node's block chain.
According to preset rules, when a node is found to have falsified a block chain, all stake coins
are confiscated into the donation budget account.
The number of nodes in the EIUC (EveryCoin International User Council) is adjusted according to
the number of business nodes.
the amount of token and the selection of EIUC will be finalized later through a community vote.
4.2. Smart Contract
Aaron Smart Contract is executable script data that is usually stored in a tree structure.
All information is stored in the "key and value" format. Each key is represented by a unique
address. And the value can be a reference to a fixed value, binary executable, script executing
with logic or any other tree, address, etc., So, it forms a complex nesting structure.
The scripts in Aaron Smart Contract are a turing-complete. To put it simply, it means that a
script can run other scripts and contain a lot of complex programming.
In some cases, it can be very complicated to express appropriate logic to perform some
transaction or management. It is almost impossible to include provisions in contracts for these
various possible scenarios, but it can be easily accomplished with executable scripts stored in
contracts.
A script is a signed and unalterable part of a contract that can perform complex and intelligent
logic to check for complex conditions, activate specific triggers and perform additional tasks as
needed.
Overall, the tree of Smart Contract creates a Smart Contract Chain (SC-chain).
A Smart Contract chain represents a series of Smart Contracts that refer and verify each other.
The SC-chain represents the actual set of related documents. The characteristics of the new
SC-chain are defined by the new Smart Contract. However, the block chain does not store the
contract itself, but only the state of the contract. The body of contract is stored in another object,
such as the Aaron Guarantee Cloud. This means that you can facilitate Smart Contracts with

- 17 -

unspecified infrastructure via Amazon server or in-house hardware. As the execution of the
contract is authenticated by the user signing and by nod approving transaction status, all
transactions on the Aaron platform can be trusted.
4.3. BLAKE-256 Hash Algorithm
Hash Algorithm is one of the most important elements in Blockchain.
This is a 32-bit constant string that is used to store encrypted transaction information in a block
using a hash function.
This hash function should not be hacked or easily accessible by anyone.
EveryCoin is used to encrypt BLOCK DATA using the BLAKE-256 hash function.
The BLAKE-256 hash function is similar with SHA256 hash function, but it is more powerful,
faster and more secure Hash function.
Especially, it is capable of producing high performance on regular x86-64, mostly personal
computers.
4.4. Schnorr signature
Signature algorithms can be easily said to be a key to send and withdraw money in virtual
currency. In Crypto currency, the portion of the digital signature is fairly large because the size of
the key value is larger. Conventional bit coin has a new segwit due to network's slowing speed
and increasing block size caused by digital signature's size. To solve those problems, Schnorr
Signature was used as the signature algorithm.
Schnorr Signature algorithm is an exciting innovation that has scalability in transactions, protects
privacy and improves security.
The Schnorr signature algorithm saves the space required for signing and reduces the overall
cost by completing the signature through a single signature in the trade with multiple parties.
The Schnorr signature algorithm results in a huge efficiency increase because it reduces 25%
space and bandwidth

Schnorr signature has various features such as group signing functions, reduced cost by reduced
data size, scalability and the ability to defend against spammers' attacks. Also, the resistance to
quantum computers is higher than existing signature algorithms' one.
EveryCoin will create a safer and faster block chain by using the Schnorr signature algorithm.
4.5. DAO (Decentralized Autonomous Organization)
DAO is the one of revolutionary concepts in CryptoCurrency.

- 18 -

This concept originated from the decentralized autonomous coporation (DAC). By accepting this
concept into Cryptocurrency gradually, DAO's basis was created.
Looking at the features.
1. Openness and transparency : Nowadays, the spirit of open source software has become a
typical example of openness.
2. Decentralization: Centralized individuals or organizations cannot control the entire DAO.
This feature determines self-similarity. The feature of the decentralized system ensures the vitality
of the DAO system and protects people from corruption and abuse of authority.
3. Autonomy: Everyone can participate in the DAO system. All participants are either subsidiary
or sub-unit of DAO system, which will promote the development of DAO from their own point of
view. The spontaneous behavior of the participants guarantees the operation of the DAO.
4. Value: A DAO system must have value in use and can be put into practical application.
5. Democracy: Changes in the core protocol of the DAO system require voting from vast majority
of units. And the decentralization and autonomy functions have determined that the DAO must be
a system capable of democratic voting.
The work of the world does not mean that any organization or association can do all the works.
The introduction of new concepts is indispensable in order to keep new sustainable development
in the future and to operate new systems. One of them is the DAO method.
After DAO has become the core system of the "Eco Chain System" ecosystem, any organization
or person including the one of Aaron's key figures cannot make all the decisions peremptorily.
It will go on process smoothly inside the system through the method and procedure that we have
already talked before.
The Eco Chain system will adapt the concept of DAO for the operational development of the
ecosystem of the Crypto Chain and will also give a certain share to the DAO System.
This will create flexibility, autonomy and new value in the marketplace as well as help build a
new world of Eco Chain System.
4.6 DSW(Dynamic Smart Wallet)
Aaron Wallet is a completely new electronic wallet with Dynamic Smart Wallet (DSW) technology.
This is not a single wallet you've ever thought of. It is not also the wallet to make smart
contracts work only after complicated commands are entered. Like installing new apps on the
smartphoe app, we just need to download the API simply to install the chain that connects to the
new chain in our Eco chain Marketplace.
So, we call it DSW and also call it Eco Chain's new Wallet OS.
This system can work because there are the Eco Marketplace that is Cloud R & D System.
Individuals who own a wallet can participate in the Testnet development such as a beta version
of each individual chain registered in the marketplace. Or they can take part in feedback as a

- 19 -

individual user.
After all, the Eco Marketplace and DSW systems will become the Aron platform's key factors.
And they will be the most important outputs of the Aaron Platform.
Aaron Platform's DSW will basically set up EveryCoin and TabiPay for immediate use. This is not
the user's choice option. When you download the DSW, it will be the initial basic API. The basics
that DSW works are synonymous with EveryCoin and TabiPay.
After then, in the Market place, you just need to download any new SideChain or Smart
Contracts, Tokens, Cryptocurrencies and so on.

- 20 -

5. Token Distribution Structure
5.1. Token Distribution

[Diagram5.1] Token Distribution Structure
The Aaron ecosystem is supported by the "EVY" token, which is
a virtual asset itself
represented by Aaron Smart Contract.
The total token issuance is 88,800,000,000EVY. 40% of total issuance is used for POW mining
and DPOS node compensation after main net opening. The rest 60% is used as follows; 40% for
token sale, 9% for company, 6% for team , 3% for global advisors and 2% for Bounty.
Pre-sale & The Token Generation Event
The token will be distributed step by step after the date of each sales period, as shown in the
schedule below.
During the TGE (Token Generation Event) period, as the Ethereum "ERC20" token is distributed, the
EVY token can be exchanged in open trading before the Aaron Blockchain is activated.

[Diagram 5.2] Event of Sale Token

- 21 -

Category

Amount

%

Period

Bonus

ENTERPRISE SALE

3,552,000,000

10%

~2018. 08. 20

PRIVATE SALE

12,432,000,000

35%

~2018. 08. 20

PRE SALE 1

7,104,000,000

20%

18.08.25~18.09.20

40%

PRE SALE 2

8,880,000,000

25%

18.09.22~18.10.20

25%

ICO

3,552,000,000

10%

18.10.25~18.12.25

TOTAL

35,520,000,000

100%

The Aaron's Token Generation Event (TGE) is held to get financial support from our partners at a
cloud sale event to support our future development. Our plan is dynamic and deals with various
situations effectively. Even if we can not raise additional funds during the ICO period, we will push
ahead our plan by using the raised funds during pre-sales period.
However, we have a goal of raising funds on a scale of over $ 10 million. In case that it is under
Softcap, it will be refunded to investors in full. Our ICO is to create a new rule in law and politics
around the world with establishment of the Aaron Foundation. Please feel free to contact Aaron
System for whole budget and expenditure plans including development goals, legal structure and
research goals.

- 22 -

6. Team & Advisor
6.1. Team

CEO

CCO

CTO

CMO

Aaron Jin

Ju Min Eum

Jae Woo Kim

Hyong Seung Moon

CFO

Marketing Director

Communication Director

Marketing G.M

Dong Ho Seo

Sermpon Tilakul

Brian Hong

Seung Ho Lee

Communication G.M

Senior Technology
Developer

Marketing staff

Communication staff

Samuel Pham

Kye Bong Choi

Tran Thi Thoa

Tran Thi My Linh

- 23 -

6.2. Advisor
Doctoral of Public
Adminstration Curriculum
/ INSTRUCTOR
General DR. BUNDITH
PIRIYASAISUNTI PH.D

Laywer ,
Owner and Head of
Law Offices V&T
Mr. Thalad Sombatbul

Royal Thai
Aide-De-Camp
Department / COLONEL
CHUMPHON
INTHONGNOI

Major Party /
Acting for Leader

Appellate Litigation
Region /
Attorney General

Mr. PIYANAT
PRASERTNOO

Mr.Nipat Puchadapirom

Chairman of the board
Dairy Cooperative
Limited
/ Senior Consultant
Laster Tech
Mr. KANTAPHON
CHALERMYUT

Consultation of SKADA
Project (PTT Provider)
/ Consultation of
Y-TEL Project (TOT
Provider)

Thayang police station
/ Superintendent

Mr. Vorapop vutcharavit

Pol.Col.Archawin
Bundhamcharoen

Planner of Aaron
System
/ Professional Gamer

Assistant President
International Affairs

Advisor of Korean
BlockChain Association
/ Representative
Lawyer of Law firm

Former Executive
Manager of DEAWOO
Securities

KIM DAVID IN

Cheol Je Cho, PH D

Jung Sug Chae

Jae Woo Hwang

- 24 -

Former Manager of
HOAM foundation

Real Stock Financing /
CEO

Soon Ho Kweon

Moon Ji In

M Corporation President
/ CEO
REYES MOY DOMINIC
UNGSON

ROBx ENTERPRISE /
CEO
REYES ROBERT
BENEDICT UNGSON

CEO of
MONGOHANSCOM/
Orange Cable TV
Soung Wook Lee

- 25 -

7. History & Roadmap
7.1. History
We have prepared many works for the last 4 years in order to develop Aaron platform.

7.2. Roadmap
we will implement the following plans to complete Aaron Platform.

- 26 -

8. Conclusion

The Aaron Platform will enable financially excluded persons, who have not received financial
services, to receive financial services. Furthermore, it provides cryptocurrency that can use fast &
easily and withdraw money anywhere in the world.
With Aaron Platform's EveryCoin as the center, TabiPay and numerous Eco-Chains will
dynamically move together and create a block-chain ecosystem.
Users will use BlockChain at many fields in daily life with Aaron Exchange and Aaron Wallet.
The Aaron team is deeply concerned about the problems of the current block-chain world.
Block chains for transparency, stability and security have been exposed to hackers, bugs,
malicious nodes, etc., As a result, the concept of trust has been weakened and the development
of the industry is being disturbed.
We have a deep insight into business and block chain technology. We have solved the problems
and will do our best to complete our goals.
Through EveryCoin, the global common currency, Aaron Platform will create the world that everyone
receives convenient financial services anytime and anywhere.
※ Notice of Disclaimer
This document is currently being drafted and we endeavor to ensure that the information in this
statement is accurate and up-to-date, but it is not completely exhaustive.
This document contains forward-looking statements and is subject to change. Despite of change,
it is not independently notified.
Aaron Platform Cryptocurrency is not securities issued in any jurisdiction. If the content of this
document is inconsistent with your jurisdiction or with the law you are restricted, you will not be
able to purchase the Aaron Platform Cryptocurrency.
This document is not an investment suggestion and does not include any negotiation elements.
A detailed disclaimer will be announced in a future version of this document and please contact
a professional lawyer if you have any questions.
July 20, 2018

- 27 -

- 28 -

