1
2
3
4

INTRODUCTION

A brief note about ACRE Coin and what our team
seeks to do with this revolutionary project.

MARKET OVERVIEW
General market observation and occurrence that
ACRE Coin intents to disrupt.

PRACTICAL CRYPTOCURRENCY

ACRE Coin’s adoption in mass market and ways of

achieving it

MARKET OUTREACH, ROADMAP & COIN SPECS
Our strategy on how to market ACRE Coin , our
realistic roadmap and the unique incentives for
HODLER

ACRE Coin is a joint proof of stake and Masternode consensus that designs to provide disruptive decentralized
property-related ecosystem with a view to shift the paradigm of property rental industry. ACRE coin embraces the
blockchain revolution and aims to develop and operates real estate portals and delivering the most comprehensive
set of related real estate services including Airbnb concept-like as our core project followed by advertisement,
marketing and legal services in our website getaway. As we know that property dealings involve meeting of face,
payments for the aforesaid services will be in the form of ACRE coin via scanning of QT codes on the mobile wallets.
ACRE Coin seeks to fill the hotbed of blockchain-based property rental transactions.
Setting periodical realistic targets, ACRE Coin backed by its experienced team in related-field will open a new getaway
to serves as a medium of exchange for consumers, home-owners, property agents, developers, lawyers and other
relevant parties. Our unique website-crypto platform shall offers property rental listings, geopolitical updates and
property related information that will disrupt legacy property rental website such as AirBnB.
ACRE Coin is derived from PIVX Platform and will adopt its best standard solutions.

AirBnB and ACRE Coin scalability
Since the company’s founding in 2008, there have been over 200 million total
guest arrivals​ at Airbnb listings around the world. They chose their rooms and paid
for everything online. But their beds were provided by private individuals, rather
than a hotel chain.. It is the most prominent example of a huge new “sharing
economy”, in which people rent beds, cars, boats and other assets directly from
each other, co-ordinated via the internet
ACRE Coin wants to carve out a market for crypto enthusiasts with lowfee for the society who has to bear with the ever changing terms and
conditions of AirBnB

Targeted and effective marketing strategy will
be employed by our team to provide awareness
of an alternative to AirBnB

ACRE Coin plans to create a platform with similar experience of AirBNB where besides payment of rental with its own ACRE Coin. A
host sets a price. Users book, paying for rooms with ACRE Coin. Then, when guests leave and indicate they are happy with the
experience, the ACRE Coins are released to the host.
Further, with ACRE Coin mobile wallet at hands, any of the transacting parties can seamlessly pay for rent and skip conventional
banking institution.

3%
ACRE’s fee

3%

15%

Service fee on the host Service fee on the guest

A custom API will be created to allow conventional property platforms to create property postings and connect to our
platforms. Co-existence and a win-win situation is key

Adopting the layouts of the most user-friendly and
comprehensive websites in the internet, our specialized web and
mobile developer will design a property rental hub that provides
visibility of the subject matter (property and price) from all over
the world and the equally important dispute resolution and
helpline.

ACRE’s PROPERTY WEBSITE
Website for hosts to list their property for rent and
users to search for the most suitable accommodation
that suits their needs

Hosts list their

Consumers can write unbiased review about

property for rent via

their experience during the stay. Once ACRE

our website

coin is released to the host, consumer will be
able to drop review. This ensures that each
review recorded is not bogus and is
independently verified.

Photos of the property
will be prominently
displayed on our website
for convenience of users.

Hosts and consumers can verify the
transaction via our explorer and prevent
fraud which is prevalent in conventional
fiat-banking transactions.

ACRE TEAM is aware of the needs to project this brand to wider global audience and helping the public to understand the benefits
and sustainability of this ecosystem.
To ensure that the public can truly relate to the brand and feel connected with ACRE Coin, we aim to market this ACRE Coin vide
several ways :
Official Discord Server
Sponsored Twitter Ads via Bounty
ANN.
Sponsored Masternode Online Ads

Youtube Videos

Official Twitter &

Awareness

Posts.

Bounties

Official Telegram Channel

Medium & Steemit

Official SubReddit

Printed Ads on prominent place such as highway,
buildings, cars

ACRE Coin is mounted on “CrossPlanks Protocol” which achieves crosschain communication via “planks” –
a protocol that enables
communication between the
Participating Network and Connecting
Network. Consensus across planks is
achieved by “validators” whose
behavior is managed by various
algorithms and an incentive
mechanism.

The plank’s validators are managed by
people with a stake in the Connecting
Network. If two or more planks validators
within ACRE approve t he i nte rc ha i n
transaction, the contract will be processed.
The planks’ validators are managed by
people with a Stake or Masternode in the
Connecting Network. If two or more planks
va l i d ato rs w i t h i n AC R E a p p rove t h e
interchain transaction, the contract will be
processed.

ACRE Coin anchors itself on fair-rewards
for each and all layers of the users of
AC R E ’s e co syste m , f ro m t h e e a r l y
adopters to the future stakeholders. As
each milestones is achieved by ACRE
a c c o r d i n g t o i t s ro a d m a p , a l l t h e
stakeholders of ACRE will be rewarded
accordingly.

ACRE EARLY ADOPTER

.

ACRE HODLER

ACRE MASTERNODE
HOLDER

Those who purchased ACRE Coin in pre sales will be entitled to a bonus of 10%
extra on the collateral.

Stakeholder of ACRE who holds the ACRE Coin for a period of two months
or more will be rewarded bonus coins of 5% of their holdings.
q Due to Masternode Holder crucial responsibility to secure the network,
85% of the block reward will go to Masternode holders.
q Eg.: if the block reward is 20 Acre Coins, 17 will be rewarded to
the Masternode holder.
q In the current structure of Acre Coin, the max supply will be
reached within 7 years.
q As there are more Masternodes generated daily, more of the static
coin supply will be locked. With these variables, hyperinflation
becomes a non-issue and the coin will retain value greatly.
q Acre Coin will reward early coin holders up to 10,000% per year.

Algo

Total Supply:

Quark

25,000,000

Premine:

MN requirement:

250,000

5,000

Block time:

Block size:

60 seconds

2MB
(154 transaction/s)

85 %

MASTERNODES

15 %

POS

premine
instamine

201
1,202
25,001
48,501
135,001
350,001
550,001

Block

200
1,201
25,000
48,500
135,000
350,000
550,000
3,943,121

Reward
1,250
1
20
15
20
15
10
5

Launch of ACRE’s Mobile Wallet.
Introduction of various joint-venture
Launch of ACRE’s
website and pre-

& partnerships with conventional

Implementation of ACRE

property platforms.

Coin as payment system
in legacy property

sales.

WEEK 5

WEEK 1
WEEK 3

Listing of
cryptobridge and
MNO

WEEK 7

WEEK 9
WEEK 8

platform.

WEEK 11

WEEK 15

Bonus payouts for ACRE
HOLDER and account
taking for bonus.
Launch of ACRE’s Property Website.

Listing at other exchanges such as
Cryptopia, Coinexchange.

Jason

Desmond

The Founder of Acre Coin who has vast experience in the

A Real Estate Agent with an Estate Agency license

workings and intrinsic of property markets in particular

awarded by the Board of Valuers, Appraisers and

South East Asia. A former member of Council for Estate

Estate Agents Malaysia (LPPEH) and himself the

Agencies of Singapore who sees the potential of

owner of the one of the biggest Real Estate Firm who

combining the emerging technology of blockchain with

has recruited 300 Real Estate Negotiators to engage

simplistic property getaway cater to one of the most

in sale and rental of upmarket properties in Malaysia.

populous region in the world.

Desi

Jeffrey

Our blockchain developer who will be responsible for

A p ra c t i c i n g l aw ye r i n M a l ays i a w i t h a l o n g -

designing, implementing and supporting a

established background in real estate transactions and

distributed with extra layer of anonymity blockchain-

land law, regularly advise on land matters, housing

based network around our business model. He will

and property developments, government compulsory

also be responsible in designing our web-wallets,

acquisitions and joint development for housing and

mobile wallets integrating our property getaway.

commercial properties.

