Ver.1.3.1

AIDUS White paper

What is ADFP (AIDUS Global D-Fund Platform)?
The AIDUS Global D-Fund Platform is a decentralized fund market esta
blished upon the ETHEREUM network to serve as a professional asset

management platform in which global investors and asset managemen
t companies are able to use Blockchain technologies and SMART Contr
acts to safely and transparently create and settle into P2P (Peer-to-Pee
r) fund agreements. Various information regarding the settled fund agr
eements shall be registered in the Blockchain network and shall contin
uously be updated through the Oracles* Agent.

AIDUS Copyright
Anyone has the right to use, copy, and distribute the content o
n this Whitepaper for non-profit and educational purposes with
out an explicit authorization as long as the original source infor
mation and its copyright information has been explicitly displaye
d.

*Oracles: In the context of Blockchain and SMART Contract, the Oracles
serve as an agent that verifies and confirms a specific event and submit

s the information to the Blockchain, which will be used in the SMART C
ontract. For instance, this system will enable displaying of current mark
et cap of Bitcoin as it extracts the information from the coinmarketcap.
com.

2

TABLE OF CONTENTS
IMPORTANT NOTICE
DISCLIAMER STATEMENT
Ⅰ. INTRODUCTION
Ⅱ. AIDUS COMMENTARY
1. Limitations of the Global Asset Management Market
2. AIDUS' Core Tasks and Business Model

Ⅲ. AIDUS BUSINESS
1. AIDUS Business Definition
2. Blockchain Technologies behind AIDUS Business
3. Differentiation Strategies for AIDUS Business

Ⅳ. AIDUS Token
1. AIDUS Token Summary
2. AIDUS Token aimed at Maximizing Profit

Ⅴ. QUANT TRADING SYSTEM (QTS)
1. What is Quant Trading System(QTS)?
2. QTS Performance
3. QTS Operation and Profit Model

Ⅵ. AIDUS Global D-Fund Platform
1. ADFP-based Decentralized Fund Market Structure

2. ADFP-based Decentralized Fund Market SYSTEM

Ⅶ. AIDUS ICO PLAN
1. Overview of AIDUS Token Sales Plan
2. Token Sales Schedule and Details
3. AIDUS Token Distribution Plan
4. Budget Operation Plan
5. Project Road-Map
6. Development Plan for ADFP-based Decentralized Fund
Market

7. Social Contribution (CSR) Plan

Ⅷ. Team and Advisory
3

IMPORTANT NOTICE
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY
Before participating in the Token Sale (as defined below), you should consider the inf
ormation in this whitepaper ("Whitepaper") carefully, and consider whether you unde
rstand what is described in this Whitepaper. If you are in doubt as to the action you
should take, please consult your financial, legal, tax, technical or other professional a
dvisors.
This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort. This
Whitepaper is also not intended to constitute an offer of, or a solicitation for investm
ent in, capital markets products, securities or any other financial or investment instrum
ent in any jurisdiction.
None of the information in this Whitepaper has been reviewed or approved by any re
gulatory authority. The information in this Whitepaper may be updated from time to ti

me and you should check whether a more recent version of the Whitepaper is availabl
e. This Whitepaper may not be distributed, disseminated or otherwise transmitted to a
ny country where such distribution, dissemination or transmission may be prohibited.
No part of this Whitepaper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated without
including this section titled "Important Notice".

General information
This Whitepaper is issued by Aisys Global Pte. Ltd. (Singapore Company Registration
No. 201835277D) ("AISYS GLOBAL").
The purpose of this Whitepaper is to introduce the AIDUS Global D-Fund Platform
("ADFP"), the AIDUS Token, and the intended sale of the ERC-20 tokens that are co
nvertible to the AIDUS Token during the token sale as described in this Whitepaper
("Token Sale").

4

This Whitepaper is prepared based on the current views and plans of AISYS GLOBAL. A
ISYS GLOBAL reserves the sole and absolute discretion to revise this Whitepaper from
time to time by posting the updated Whitepaper on http://aidus.io. Such updated Whi
tepaper shall become effectively immediately from the time of posting.
The Tokens and the AIDUS Tokens are not intended to constitute capital markets prod
ucts in Singapore, or securities or any financial instrument in any jurisdiction. The Toke
ns carry no rights other than (i) prior to the launch of the AIDUS Main-Net, a limited ri
ght of use within ADFP as described in this Whitepaper, and (ii) upon the launch of th
e AIDUS Main-Net, a right to be converted to the AIDUS Tokens at a 1:1 ratio upon or
as soon as reasonably practicable after such launch. Pending the launch of the AIDUS

Main-Net, the Tokens will have the same right of use as the AIDUS Tokens (i.e. the rig
ht of use of the AIDUS Tokens as described in this Whitepaper is applicable to the Tok
ens). Upon the launch of the AIDUS Main-Net, the conversion of all Tokens in circulati
on to AIDUS Tokens shall be mandatory (i.e. the Tokens will be phased out). The AIDU
S Tokens carry no rights other than a limited right of use within ADFP as described in t
his Whitepaper. Neither the Tokens nor the AIDUS Tokens entitle their respective hold
ers to any voting rights or any rights to interests, profits, income, payment or returns.
AISYS GLOBAL will not support or otherwise facilitate any secondary trading or externa
l valuation of the Tokens or the AIDUS Tokens.

Disclaimer
The contents of this Whitepaper is of a descriptive nature for information only, and is
not binding. AISYS GLOBAL shall not be responsible for any loss arising from the use, r
eference, or basing of information from this Whitepaper. This Whitepaper may contain
quotations from other third-party and publication from other institutions.
Although the information and data sources cited in this Whitepaper has been
compiled from third-party sources which AISYS GLOBAL regards as generally cr

edible, no separate verification procedure has been conducted on the third- p
arty information and data cited, and the underlying hypothesis based on this i
nformation has not been confirmed.

5

Nothing in this Whitepaper is a representation, warranty or undertaking of the
accuracy or fulfilment of any particular matter stated in the Whitepaper at any
given point in the future, and AISYS GLOBAL specifically disclaims any represe
ntation or warranty that it will execute any action or guarantee specific results
regarding any matters described herein this Whitepaper. The information prese
nted in this Whitepaper is for reference only and is not legally binding on AISY

S GLOBAL or any other parties.
Some of this information may be forward looking in nature and based on certain assu
mptions. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this White
paper, including, without limitation, statements regarding business strategy and plans,
estimates of returns or performance, and objectives for future operations, are forward l
ooking statements. In addition, forward looking statements can generally be identified
by the use of forward looking terminology such as "may", "will", "should", "expect", "an
ticipate", "estimate", "intend", or "believe", their respective negatives and other compa
rable terminology. This Whitepaper does not make any promises about the future or v
alue of cryptocurrency, and does not guarantee the inherent value, commitment to on
going payment, and any specific value.
Participation in the Token Sale and purchase of the Tokens carry significant risks, whic
h if they materialize, could have a significant negative impact on the Token Sale, the T
okens, the AIDUS Token, the ADFP, and/or AISYS GLOBAL. Participants should not part
icipate in the Token Sale unless they have fully understood the terms applicable to the
Token Sale, the Tokens, the AIDUS Tokens and the potential risks described in this Wh
itepaper and the Token Sale Terms and Conditions. No person is bound to purchase a

ny of the Tokens, and no purchase or payment would be accepted, on the basis of this
Whitepaper. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the Token Sale Term
s and Conditions and the Whitepaper, the Token Sale shall be

governed exclusively b

y the Token Sale Terms and Conditions and the former shall prevail to the extent of th
e conflict or inconsistency unless otherwise specified by AISYS GLOBAL.
This Whitepaper and the Token Sale Terms and Conditions do not contain all mat
erial information regarding the risks associated with the purchase of the Tokens and p
articipation in the Token Sale. If you are a prospective purchaser, you should

6

inform yourself of the legal requirements, risks and consequences of purchasing, h
olding and disposing of the Tokens before making any purchase.

Language
This Whitepaper, which has been drafted in English, may be translated into other la
nguages. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency, the English version of this W
hitepaper shall take precedence over the translated version.

7

Ⅰ. INTRODUCTION
The growth of the Internet in early 2000 opened the era of new technological innov
ation called the “venture boom”. Though, it caused such problems as the dot-com bubb
le, it has become a page in the history as the “Third Industrial Revolution”. Now when i
n less than 20 years, the society has again entered the era of the "Fourth Industrial Rev
olution". Many Blockchain technologies are currently being developed and major compa
nies as well as start-up companies are carrying out ICOs with their own various technolo
gies and know-hows.
The entire society is witnessing with its own eyes the fast growth of this unique industry
and market in somewhat similar or somewhat faster pace than that of the semiconducto
r market or the SMART phone market.
However, the cold reality is that most countries have not even settled into the basic leg
al framework regarding the ICO, and it has only been recently that lawmakers are now e
stablishing a consensus in the general regulatory direction in this market.
The global trend of ICO and as well as various anxieties and side effects regarding crypt
ocurrency is general are already widely known to the public, but for the AIDUS Project T
eam, who have long been carrying out research on the ICO and on the Tokenomics, ther
e has been a focus on the following three major limitations.
1. Absence of basic fundamentals in cryptocurrency
2. Price volatility issue in speculative market
3. Absence of future value as being unable to be used in real economy
The AIDUS Project Team has focused on the need of innovative alternative to the above
three major limitations to the current cryptocurrency, and has explored on the following
major contemplation.
1.Is it impossible to create a token that can not only secure the future value but a
lso to instill the fundamentals?
2.What business model would enable both the listing of the token in the exchange
and as well as an immediate usage and application in the real economy?
8

It was never an easy task even to the AIDUS Project Team with the core competitive
ness within the team to go through various alternative models and as well as to create
a business model that can satisfy the above two major questions.
The business model that has been prepared in the early ICO stages could not have be
en pushed forward, and as well as other various business models as it could not go thr
ough the rigorous analysis from professionals, legal consulting, and technological eval
uation process.
However, the final model of the AIDUS Global D-Fund Platform (ADFP) has been devel
oped with an assurance to be the successful alternative model satisfying the above co
ntemplation and as well as to the leading innovative business model that would prope
l the global asset management market.

Beyond the ‘Renaissance Technologies’, the Blue Chip in Hedge
Funds, is no longer just a ‘Dream’ for our team.

The core competencies of the AIDUS Project Team are the technologies and know- ho
ws to stably secure profits through the FOREX (Foreign Exchange) margin trading syste
m in the FOREX market, enabling the AIDUS to penetrate the single largest market in t
he entire world, the global asset management market.
The AIDUS Project Team has gone through 15 years of R&D process to develop the pr
oprietary Quant Trading System (hereby referred to as “QTS”). The system was fully lau
nched in 2015, and has been fully verified since 2016 by various asset management pr
ofessionals through demonstrations of the system and as well as pilot operations for t
he fund management, fully verifying the safety of the system.

By connecting the AIDUS Global D-Fund Platform (ADFP) which is to be operated with
the AIDUS Token as the only accepted means of payment of the platfrom (i.e. the AID
US Token will be the single currency on the platform) with the QTS that has recorded
a remarkable yield rate for the past 3 consecutive years, the core innovations that the
system will bring to the current cryptocurrency market and the asset management mar
ket can be summarized as follows:

9

▶ Protecting token holders (investors) through a token model that equips the AIDUS
Tokens with fundamentals (i.e. features which support the function of the AIDUS Tok
en as a viable and reliable means of payment in ADFP and the fund market)
▶ Enabling the use of the AIDUS Tokens as a means of payment in the asset manage
ment industry (real economy)
▶ Enabling decentralized fund market service providing a free access for signing and r
edemption of global fund items
▶ Providing various fund portfolios that are safe and high in yield rate to the entire w
orld
By carrying out the above tasks and features, the AIDUS Global D-Fund Platform(ADFP) s
hall provide a true innovation that has the potential to tackle various problems that were
inherent in the existing cryptocurrencies and as well as various pain points for in the inves
tors and asset management companies.
This innovation will surely enable the AIDUS Project team to expand far beyond the curre
nt leading enterprises in the global asset management market, to be the next leading gro
up for the upcoming new era of global market.

10

Ⅱ. AIDUS COMMENTARY
High profit asset management through the proprietary QTS

“Decentralized Global Fund Market Platform (ADFP)”
This project, officially named as the ‘AIDUS Global D-Fund Platform (ADFP)’ Project but
also known as ‘AIDUS’, seeks to create a decentralized platform business which will establi
sh ADFP as the decentralized fund market platform in which the AIDUS Tokens will serve a

s the single currency that may be used for the subscription and redemption of various fun
d portfolios. The platform will connect global investors (the demand group for the asset m
anagement) with professional asset management companies, while AISYS GLOBAL would s
upply the ‘Quant Trading System (QTS)’ to asset management companies in order for the
m to create various high profit fund items, all aiming at truly revolutionizing and establishi
ng a new ecosystem of global asset management market.
AISYS GLOBAL believes that AIDUS will be the first ever unique project in the entire world
and that such project can only be pushed forward by the unique members here in the AID
US Project Team.

1. Limitations of the Global Asset Management Market
According to the Financial Times on October 30th 2017, the international consulting firm P
wC(Pricewaterhouse Coopers) has announced that the global asset management market si
ze is USD 85 trillion as of October 2017 and it is expected to expand to USD 145 trillion b
y 2025. For comparison of the figure, according to the data released by the International
Monetary Fund(IMF) on the global GDP figures for 2017, the total output of the top 20 co
untries is estimated at about USD 90 trillion.

This shows that the total volume of GDP of the top 20 countries is similar to the current g
lobal asset management market volume, which constitutes to the single largest market in
the entire world.
Assuming stream of low interest rates are maintained and economic growth continues, the
size of the global asset management market will continue to expand due to the pension s
avings due to aging and the increase in personal assets in emerging markets.
11

[ Figure 1 ] AuM Forecast by World Regions

Source) ‘Asset & Wealth Management Revolution: Embracing Exponential Change’,PwC, 2017.10

Although the scale of US asset management is still very large, it is predicted that the
growth of Asia-Pacific and Latin America will accelerate in the future.
- Asia-Pacific: 8.7% growth from 2016 to 2020, 11.8% growth from 2020 to 2025
-

Latin America: 7.5% growth from 2016 to 2020, 10.4% growth from 2020 to 2025

Therefore, there are many asset management companies around the world, and they ar
e creating various types of fund portfolios. However, if an investor would ask, "is it pos
sible to find a good fund for investment among these countless number of funds?", the

answer will probably always be ‘very difficult’.
Even if there is a good fund portfolio abroad, there is no way to check which country i
s actually operating the fund and what kind of portfolio it is. Plus, the language barrier
issue makes it near-impossible to know whether the fund management is aggressive o
r stable, whether it is a mixed type of bond and stock or a single portfolio on foreign
exchange. Going further, it becomes way more difficult when a person tries to underst
and professional / legal terms and jargons when signing into the contract agreements,
so accurate information is definitely not readily available for the investors.

12

For these reasons, most individual investors rely on the advice of fund sales companies t
o invest into fund portfolios and although there are cases of appropriate customized por
tfolio suggestion based on the analysis of investment propensities and on the specific ne
eds of the investors, there are also quite a number of cases, in which only seller-customiz
ed products are suggested only to contribute to the performance of the fund sales comp
any or the employee himself/herself.
In addition, since investors and asset management companies are not necessarily based i
n one single country, often, the investors subscribe for global funds created by other ass
et management companies around the world. Generally, such investors will need to make
a total of 2-tier exchanges for subscription and termination of fund products, and if the f
und is not based on the key currency, 4-tier exchanges. Going further, since there is no s
pecifically dedicated account like the stock market system, the investors will need to exc
hange the money again if they would wish to reinvest into the fund.
These obstacles in the current system basically mean that it is impossible for an individu
al or an institution to personally select, sign in, and order a redemption for a fund item o
perated by a foreign asset management company. This, in other perspective, points out t
hat there is a strong demand and needs for a decentralization in the global asset manag
ement market through the Blockchain technologies.

Now, as for the asset management companies, the issue from their perspective is that hu
ge marketing budgets are needed in order to promote their fund portfolios to the global
market and to connect with each different fund sales company in many countries, all app
lying with different and unique sales commission structures, and as well as to develop a
real time-basis connection system to manage the various different fund portfolios that ar
e sold in the global market.
This kind of systematic complexity gets even worse in the case of foreign exchange marg
in trading.
The foreign exchange market is known for its high risk due to various factors such as the
global financial crisis, continental and regional economic crises in Asia/Europe, petroleum
, grain and economic policy differences in each country, and etc., resulting in only a very
few asset management companies that are professionally engaged in the FOREX market
despite the high transaction volume by foreign exchange leverage (operated by 100-fold,
if actual capital is based at 1), and there are very limited professi13

-onal exchange rate systems applied in the FOREX market unlike the case for the stock tr
ading.
Then, there arise a question, "despite of such various problems and factors, where are th
e astronomical amount of 85 trillion dollars being traded at?"
It is made possible as the top 15 asset management companies in the world currently op

erate 29.8 trillion dollars, equivalent to about 35% of the entire global asset managemen
t market volume. If scope is expanded up to the top 110 asset management companies, i
t will be about 43.8 trillion dollars, equivalent to 51% of the total global asset managem
ent market volume.

[ Figure 2 ] USD 28.8 Trillion / Top 15 asset management companies

Source: October 6, 2017 Visual Capitalist Press Release. The Trillion Dollar Club of Asset Managers
http://www.visualcapitalist.com/chart-trillion-dollar-club
Although giant corporations and giant capitals are the ones dealing with these big asset
management companies, there are also other average-scale investors and asset manage
ment companies that can solve the problems by themselves. However as for small and m
edium-sized investors and asset management companies, the above depicted systematic
limitations are unresolvable, and the number of such corporates gets even higher if the s
cope is narrowed down to single business / investment unit.
14

-

Most investors (especially small and medium-sized investors) in many countries are only
subscribing to funds that are created in their own country or that are sold by asset mana
gement companies operating in their own countries. Thus, the asset management compa
nies too are only focusing on the local investors as potential investors.
What if these services (as shown in Figure 2) provided only by the top-level asset manag
ement companies would be readily available for small and medium-sized investors and a
s well as for general asset management companies?
The AIDUS Project Team has developed an appropriate alternative to these systematic pr
oblems, and has taken a fundamental review in the perspective of both investors and ass
et management companies on the alternative model to enable its immediate application
in the current asset management market.

2. AIDUS’ Core Tasks and Business Model
1.

Core Tasks of the Project

[Figure 3] Need and Core Tasks of Investors and Asset Management Companies

If investors have an easy access to the fund information that they need and have some s
ort of navigation in their own languages, and if they don’t need to do go through stages
of exchanges for foreign investments, and if it would be easy for them to request
15

for a redemption or a reinvestment at maturity or mid-term of fund management perio
d, there will be much freer environment to sign into various foreign fund portfolios.
Moreover, if it is easy for one to invest in each asset management company's products
once the personal information has been registered in the system, without the necessity t
o register individual information to various asset management companies, and if the per
sonal information is safely stored without risk of being hacked or being exposed to any
unauthorized use, investors will be able to sign into any types of foreign fund items. Of
course, each country has a different regulation on the protection of personal informatio
n, so this area will be dealt with appropriate application on the local regulation and lega
l framework.
If an asset management company has to enlist only the fund information, plus if they ar
e given a free usage of the online platform that connects them and their fund portfolios
to the global investors, the company will be able to secure and attract as many foreign
investors as they wish.
If the fund portfolios are highly profitable and safe, investors will be more likely to sign
into the fund, while the asset management company will be able to further expand in t
he securing of investors.
In order to satisfy the various demands and necessities as abovementioned, the three fu
ndamental core tasks by the AIDUS Project Team are as follow.
First is the establishment of a safe decentralized fund market system.
1) Establishing of a direct transaction through the decentralized fund market syste
m based on the Blockchain technologies
2) Rapid and accurate transaction of fund signing and redemption through the SM
ART Contract
3) Providing of credible and tamper-proof fund information
4) Establishing of security system that protects private information and asset proper
ty of investors
5) Structuring of environment that can be conveniently accessed by both global inv
estors and asset management companies (Online / Mobile)
6) Providing of investor-oriented services with minimum service fees
16

To carry out the above six tasks, a totally new concept of a decentralized platform has
to be established through the Blockchain technologies.

Second is the adoption of a single currency using the cryptocurrency.
1) Necessity of the adoption of real cryptocurrency system enabling limitless settl
ement in signing in and redemption of various foreign fund items

2) Necessity of a protective measure for token holders (investors) by instilling a f
undamental to the cryptocurrency
3) Operation of a single currency system enabling the cryptocurrency for investm
ent and asset management
4) Establishing of the ecosystem of various types of asset management and secu
ring of resources through the single currency system
To carry out the above four tasks, a single currency system using cryptocurrency has
to be established and the proprietary QTS has to be utilized to secure the needful
fundamentals for the cryptocurrency.

Third is the providing of a high-profit solution.
1) Asset management companies are in need of high profit solution
2) High profit solution must be equipped with high degree of safety

To carry out the above two tasks and as well as to any asset management companies
in the global market, it is critical to secure a high profit solution in order to design hig
h profit fund portfolios for their investors. Once the fund market established will be eq
uipped with various high profit fund products, it is a given fact that more investors will

join in the fund market.

The AIDUS Project Team now declares the innovative business model that can satisfy
all three core tasks as laid out in the above.

17

2.2. Business Model Established to Carry Out the Core Tasks
Going back to the initial questions where the AIDUS started the project, the basic que
stion can be summarized as follow.
“How can we solve the problems associated to current ICOs and cryptocurrency?”
“How can we tackle the issues pertaining to the current global asset management mar
ket and to solve the current pain points for every participant in the market?”

With the above questions in mind, the AIDUS Project Team has structured a win-win st
rategy for every participant in this project including the ICO participants, investors in t
he asset management, asset management companies, and the AIDUS Project Team ou
rselves. Through the blend of QTS which is based on the big-data that has been gathe
red and compiled on 30-year long FX Trading records and the AIDUS Token- based D
ecentralized Fund Market (ADFP), the final business model has been established.

[ Figure 4 ] Structure of the AIDUS Business Model

The official name of the project based on the above business model is the ‘AIDUS Glo
bal D-Fund Platform (ADFP)’ Project, and the token that is to be used in this platform i
s named as the “AIDUS Token“ or “(AIDUS)”.
18

Ⅲ. AIDUS Business
1. AIDUS Business Definition
1.

AIDUS Business Vision

The business vision of the AIDUS is to supply various fund products to the global mark
et that are equipped with the highest yield rate available in the market by basing the
portfolios on the ADFP and the QTS, and to gradually take the lead role in the global
asset management market.
If the yield rate records are proven within the next 2 to 3 years as going beyond the a
verage yield rates of various global top hedge funds such as the Renaissance Fund, Ke
nsington Fund, or the Wellington Fund, as well as if the capability of the asset manage
ment gets recognized, the asset management volume utilizing the QTS from Aisys Glo
bal will be expanded at a remarkable speed. Thus, it is our vision to expand the QTS-a
pplied asset volume to reach 10 trillion KRW within the next 5 years (2023) to carry ou
t the main leading role for the global asset management market.
Once the QTS-applied asset volume reaches 10 trillion KRW, the AISYS GLOBAL PTE. L
TD. (Headquarter) shall be a strong enterprise recording 600 billion KRW annual sales f
igure.

[ Figure 5 ] AIDUS Business Vision

In the process toward the vision, the volume of global investors accessing the AIDUS F
und Market, which is based on the ADFP, will naturally expand, gradually establishing
19

a newly innovative ecosystem in the global asset management market with the ADFP at
its very core, which would also gradually expand the usage volume of the AIDUS Token.
The AIDUS Token value and its market cap will ultimately be one of the world’s top thre
e cryptocurrency right next to the current benchmark cryptocurrency, Bitcoin and ETHE
REUM, as the AIDUS shall be the basis for the global asset management market.

1.2. AIDUS Business Introduction
The AIDUS Business is composed of two different business models. The first business is
the QTS service business model for the FX Trading System. The second business model
is the AIDUS Token.

[ Figure 6 ] AIDUS Business Definition

1)QTS Service Business refers to the services provided by AISYS GLOBAL to asset manag
ement companies (hedge funds, finance companies and etc.) that have entered into con
tractual agreement to be listed at the ADFP(Fund Market) regarding the creation and m
anagement of various high profit fund items. Fund portfolios applying the QTS will be r

egistered as official fund products on the ADFP along with assistance support for invest
or attraction. The basic profit model on this business area is to share the management
fee and the performance fee (servicing fee) with hedge funds and finance companies th
at have entered into a QTS Servicing Agreement.
2)ADFP-based Fund Market service is to provide a decentralized fund market that would
enable global investors to freely access the online / mobile platform service to
20

sign into various fund portfolios and request its redemption through the usage of the
AIDUS Token.

AIDUS TOKEN (AIDUS)
Purchase / Liquidation

AIDUS TOKEN (AIDUS)
Consignment / Liquidation

AIDUS
Investment
/Reinvestment

AIDUS Return

Usage of SMART Contract-based AIDUS TOKEN (AIDUS)

[ Figure 7 ] Operational Structure of AIDUS Global D-Fund Platform

ADFP-based Fund Market service will not only carry out various profit model as a prof
essional asset management community website itself but it will also carry out the new
central role in the ecosystem of the asset management market and shall further expan
d into consortiums and cooperation with various other derivatives.

This business model will be further expanded into ADFP and AIDUS Token-based pay
ment business, management and distribution business on digitized asset property.

21

2. Blockchain Technologies behind AIDUS Business
As the big waves of the Fourth Industrial Revolution are pushed into the financial indu
stry, paradigms are changing due to major infrastructure technologies such as

artificia

l intelligence, Blockchain technology, biometrics authentication technology, and the Int
ernet of Things.
Especially, the Blockchain technology is evolving noticeably through the simplicity and
diversification of "non-face-to-face financial transactions" of the asset management ma
rket and of payment methods. It is particularly expanding into various areas of authent

ication, payment and remittance.
Various fin-tech start-ups, ICT firms are using the current Blockchain technologies to b
e more responsive to the demands and to provide faster and more convenient financia
l services, while traditional financial services segments are being dismantled.
This is because the financial platform based on the fourth industry has been develope
d instead of the existing financial services area, which has been carried out with a lot
of manpower and capital, so that consumers no longer need to visit financial institutio
ns and all financial transactions are possible through the platform.

[ Figure 8 ] Anticipated effects of Blockchain introduction - Korea Institute of Finance

The adoption of Blockchain technologies in the ADFP-based AIDUS fund market is
also expected to bring various effects to every participant.

22

2.1. Adoption of a Single Key Currency
The ‘AIDUS Token(AIDUS)’ is being used as the single key currency in the ADFP-based
AIDUS fund market. This means that in relation to any fund subscription or redemptio
n request, payment will be made using the AIDUS Token. The AIDUS Token would ther
efore function as a means of payment that users can use in the real economy of asset
management market.
Investors can buy the AIDUS Token at crypto exchanges, while asset management com
panies can liquidate the token in cash either at the crypto exchanges or at the LP(liqui
dity provider) to manage their own fund portfolios. When the fund expires or has been
requested for resales, asset management companies can purchase the AIDUS Token fr
om the exchange market and give it to the investors. For the avoidance of doubt, AISY
S GLOBAL will not support or otherwise facilitate any secondary trading or external val
uation of the AIDUS Tokens.
This structure can solve the following problems.

First, through the usage of the AIDUS Token as the single key currency to sign into
the fund items, convenient investment is being facilitated at a global level. In other
words, there is no need of money exchange or foreign transfers.
Second, there is no or at least minimum exchange fee because there is no need for
money exchange.
Third, it is easy to reinvest into funds as payments in relation to fund subscriptions
and redemptions on ADFP will be made in a single currency, which is AIDUS Token.
It would therefore not be necessary to convert amounts received upon redemption
of one fund to a different currency for subscription of units in another fund).
Fourth, once a fund has been subscribed, in spite of the decline in the value of the
cryptocurrency at mid-termination and expiration, the current market price will not
be applied in the investor’s value.
If the value of the cryptocurrency rises, it is up to the investor to decide whether to ch
oose the rising value of the cryptocurrency or the yield rate of the fund. Since it is
23

posible to repurchase units of the fund (after paying fixed commission as it is the case
for most of fund portfolios), investor is also responsible for selecting a rise in the value
of the cryptocurrency after redemption of the fund or to reinvest in the fund.
This is the key to creating a single currency system by means of AIDUS Token.
The AIDUS Project Team has prepared various resources and policies pertaining to the
liquidation and payment of the AIDUS Token at the fund expiration that are needed for
its full usage at the fund market. However, as these details are unique business model
s that are proprietary to the AIDUS, these details have been decided not to be disclos
ed in this Whitepaper. The information, however, shall be made available to the public
in a sequential manner following the opening of the AIDUS fund market.
The AIDUS Project Team envisages that once these features and policies are fully impl
emented, demand for AIDUS Token will increase and investors shall be able to witness
with their own eyes a new innovative model that will enable an increase in both token
value and fund yield rate.

2.2. Blockchain-based Decentralized Fund Market
The ‘AIDUS fund market’ based on the ADFP is scheduled to be opened at the 1st qua
rter of 2019, aiming at the establishment of P2P market through the core essence feat
ure of decentralization by the Blockchain technologies.
Thus, in our fund market, the asset management companies shall be the one to provid
e fund information, and to promote their own unique fund products, while the investor

s shall confirm the information and shall sign into the fund portfolios at their own desi
re. AIDUS GLOBAL shall never interfere at any part of this transaction made between t
he investors and the asset management companies.
The very reason is because due to the nature of fund portfolios, only duly licensed ass
et management companies are able to create fund products and to sell their own fund
products. In this regard, every country implements different regulatory framework on t
he fund operation and it would be highly inefficient for AIDUS GLOBAL to operate and
manage countless numbers of asset management companies and its fund portfolios.
24

AIDUS GOBAL shall be operating the service with the adherence to the current legal fr
amework, while it shall also advance in the innovative technologies and business mod
els for ever-growing future market. In fact, in terms of legal framework, there are only
two entities in the fund operation, the investor and the asset management companies.
Thus, in this regard, there is absolutely no need to bring in 3rd party in the agreement,
and the system will always be P2P-oriented service.
The focus is rather given to provide more reliable fund information, and to strengthen
various R&D activities with an aim to promote reliable asset management companies r
egardless of the management capital volume, and to implement regular monitoring sy
stem to spot unsuitable fund portfolios or asset management companies, turning the
platform into a much more investor-oriented system and making itself the ‘profession
al global community on asset management’.
Going further, as per the description at [ Figure 8 ] on various expected effects throug
h the Blockchain, the application of various features such as SMART Contract, Blockcha
in-based authentication, tamper-proof, and ever-strong security protocols will be just a
few examples for the truly innovative asset management service to come.

3. Differentiation Strategies for AIDUS Business
1.

Differentiation Strategies for AIDUS Business

[ Figure 9 ] Differentiation of the AIDUS Business

25

The AIDUS Business is a business model that has been equipped with the following m
ain 4 differentiation strategies from any other projects.
1) Single Key Currency with Fundamentals and Real Currency
When going through other ICO records, it is often case that they are seriously lacking
protective measures for the investors. This is the reason why some of the ICO entities
are now presenting various experimental methodologies for the investor protection.
It is also the case for the AIDUS Project Team, as depicted in the introduction of this
Whitepaper, there has been quite an effort on the designing of a stable t o k e n .

One main strategy that has been implemented in our model is to prevent the devaluat
ion of the AIDUS Token to zero in value by instilling fundamentals to ensure the functi
onal utility of the AIDUS Token. With QTS as our proprietary asset, the AIDUS Project
Team believes that it will be possible to execute such strategy.
By doing so, the AIDUS Project Team intends to create a truly real currency token mod
el that can actually be used in the real economy along with the fundamentals instilled
in the token, which was not possible even for both Bitcoin, the 1st generation cryptoc
urrency, and ETHEREUM, the 2nd generation cryptocurrency.

2) High-Profit Solution through SMART QTS
The AIDUS Project Team seeks to create of the world’s largest professional asset mana
gement community through the decentralized fund market operation based on the AD
FP.
In order to accomplish the goal, it is critical to attract various investors to our fund ma
rket which can only be possible by securing various competitive fund products on our

platform. To do so, our proprietary QTS shall be the most powerful solution.
As more trust on our QTS is established, the more global asset management compani
es shall be in partnership with us to create various high-profit fund products on our d
ecentralized fund market to be supplied to global investors.

26

3) Establishment of Investor-oriented Market through Decentralized Fund Market
The AIDUS Token-based decentralized fund market shall be the most efficient and inve
stor-oriented fund market for the global investors wishing for asset management servi
ces. The entire process is applied with a smart contract, enabling efficient processing fr
om the attracting of investors by the asset management companies to the expiration
of the fund operation period. Blockchain technology will facilitate convenient processin
g for asset management companies while investors can freely browse through global f
und portfolios.

4) Establishment of Digitized Asset Management Ecosystem
The asset management market keeps on changing through various types of collaborati
on among the players in the market, along with various new technologies being applie
d in the market.
The AIDUS Project Team seeks to establish an ecosystem devoted to “digitized asset
management” and to take the leading role in this ecosystem. To do so, we have imple
mented a strategy of allocating a specialized budget for this ecosystem activation and
for the usage of the QTS in this market, as to be a firm supporter for the activation of
the digitized asset management ecosystem.

2.

Focus Target Group for AIDUS Token

‘Who shall be the users of the AIDUS Token? And how many would they be?’
The focus target group for the AIDUS Token using the ADFP can be defined as every i

ndividual or an institution that is wishing to proliferate their own asset volume.

◆ Gaming Industry
- Target User: Gamers
- Market Volume: USD 108 Billion

27

◆ Music Industry
- Target User: Users of various music contents
- Market Volume: USD 17.38 Billion
◆ AIDUS Target Market (Asset Management Market)
- Target User: Individual or institution interested in asset proliferation
- Market Volume: USD 85 Trillion

[ Figure 10 ] Comparison of Global Major Market Volume
As abovementioned, the focus target group for the AIDUS Business is anyone intereste
d in the asset management.
If to be more specific, the target group could be categorized into individual and institu
tion as per the table at [ Figure 11 ] on the Focus Target Group for AIDUS Business.
As such, potential buyers in the AIDUS Business is way far beyond the entire market vo
lume of the cryptocurrency and shall basically be anyone active in the global economy
.
28

[ Figure 11 ] Focus Target Group for AIDUS Business

The future growth potential of the AIDUS Token starts from the targeting the global a
sset management market as its focus group.

29

Ⅳ. AIDUS Token

1. AIDUS Token Summary
The AIDUS Token is used as the single key currency for the ADFP-based decentralized fund
market.
The word AIDUS stands for the ‘AI(artificial intelligence) + Sidus(star-in Latin)’, symbolizing th
e best of the global asset management market.
The symbol of the AIDUS Token is ‘AIDUS’ and is a token based on ERC20 token standard.
Investors and asset management companies shall be using the AIDUS Token during the signi
ng into the funds, expiration of the fund operation period, and redemption at the ADFP-base
d decentralized fund market.

[ Figure 12 ] Usage Structure of AIDUS Token

Investors wishing to engage in the asset management company can buy the AIDUS Token fr
om a crypto exchange and can sign into the asset management company's fund through the
AIDUS platform. Asset management companies publish various information on the AIDUS pl
atform so that the investors could select the fund, and when the investor selects the fund, S
MART Contract will be the basis for the settlement.
Then, after operating the fund the asset management company shall purchase the AIDUS tok
en again at the exchange, according to the fund operation profit to be paid to the investor.
30

During this transaction, when signing into the fund of the asset management company
, the amount proposed by the asset management company is converted into the mark
et price of token during then, which the investor shall buy at the exchange to sign into
the fund. The asset management company also pays tokens after converting funds into
the current price of token according to profit after the fund management.
In the above manner, the AIDUS Token is used for signing into various global fund ite
ms created by global asset management companies and as well as facilitating easy red
emption to the existing fund portfolio.
AIDUS Token does not try to represent itself as 3rd generation cryptocurrency and it d
oes not try to develop difficult Blockchain technologies as it is the case for many other
ICO projects. Rather, the AIDUS is focusing on the strengthening of various features re
lated to the Blockchain technologies such as the token itself, platform, security, stabilit
y, and SMART Contract for safe transaction.
AIDUS is aiming at truly creating a ‘valuable token’ through business models, and has
now developed the said business model that will enable the current value of the token,
not just restricted to the future listing value like other token, and to enable an actual i
mmediate usage on the ADFP.
The AIDUS Token’s main features can be summarized as following.
(1) Core Features of AIDUS Token
1) Real Currency
As investors can actually use the token at fund market during signing and redem
ption of fund items, AIDUS Token can be immediately used in real economy.
2) Token having fundamentals
50% of the ICO-raised capital shall be managed by QTS, securing 100% of the IC
O-raised capital within 3 years as the fundamental to the token, making the toke
n safe as it shall never plummet below a certain degree.
3) Continuous value increase potential
As the fund volume at the platform expands, and as more people will sign into th
e fund items, the more demand it will be for the AIDUS Token.
31

2. AIDUS Token aimed at Maximizing Profit
If you look at the AIDUS Token closely, you will see an interesting phenomenon in it.
First, if you sign into a fund with the AIDUS Token, the real money’s yield rate will be c
hanged according to fund management.
Second, if you have the AIDUS token, the token's yield rate will fluctuate as the token's
value fluctuates.

When you have already signed into a fund, you will not be affected by the rise / fall of
AIDUS token price, but you will be affected by yield rate of the fund that is operated in
the real economy. If you did not sign into a fund but just have AIDUS Tokens, you will
be affected by the rise / fall of token but not related to the real economy.

[ Figure 13 ] Maximizing of AIDUS’ Token Yield Rate

What if you estimate that the token price will fall? You can sign into a fund and reflect
the fund's earnings, which is by the real economy.
What if the token price rises? When you compare the fund’s yield rate with that of the
token’s, if the fund yield rate is better, it will be better to operate by the fund, otherwi
se it would be better to terminate the fund and reflect earnings on the token’s market
price.
32

Of course, when you terminate a fund at the mid-term, you will have to pay a certain f
ee to the asset management company, but this is unavoidable because it is the same i
n the real economy, and choice is yours to decide.
Especially, nowadays, different kind of regulations and guidelines for each country are
presented on crypto market, and as a result there is a high volatility and fluctuation in
the crypto market. However, AIDUS Token is not influenced by the national ICO policy
because if the price of the AIDUS Token falls due to the policy as mentioned above, the
effect can be minimized by signing into a fund with a good yield rate as an alternative.
Moreover, as described at ‘Ⅲ. AIDUS Business’, ‘2.1. Adoption of a Single Key Currency’
that revenue generation from both the rise of AIDUS Token value and from the yield ra
te of a fund portfolio, the users of the AIDUS Token shall have a hands-on experience
of the innovative value of the AIDUS Token.
As such, the AIDUS Token is using an innovative concept of token as the investor could
choose either the token market price or fund yield rate. Is there any other token in the
market that can maximize the profit in this manner?
“Currency that can be used as a cash but can also choose between fund yield rate
or token profit or expect a rise from both areas.”

This is what the AIDUS has been pursuing long after, the cryptocurrency that can instill
a profit maximizing strategy in it.

33

Ⅴ. QUANT TRADING SYSTEM(QTS)

Before describing the ADFP, we would like to describe another business model.
There is a keyword at ‘II.2.1. The NEED and Core tasks of investors and asset manage
ment companies’ as ‘Third is the providing of a high-profit solution.’ This means tha

t even the platform is targeted worldwide, if it cannot build the high profit programs t
hat investors want, they will not use our platform but use their more profitable domes
tic funds.
Therefore, we intend to link high profit programs that can generate strong returns on f
und management with asset management companies who use our platform, to maximi
ze the synergistic effect

1. What is Quant Trading System?
The Quant Trading System (hereinafter referred to as "QTS") has undergone 15 years o
f research and development and has been commercialized three years ago. QTS is a sy
stem operated through collecting and analyzing big data for the past 30 years.

1.

Why is QTS optimized at FOREX(Foreign exchange) market?

1) Interactive transaction
FOREX trading is a market that is traded in both directions of sell and buy. It is a struc

ture in which profit is generated not only in an upside (buy) condition such as the stoc
k market but also in the case of a downside (sell) condition.
2) Daily trading volume
$ 5.3 trillion is traded every day, as it is the single biggest trading market in the world
based on daily trading volume among financial asset trading markets. There is not mu
ch influence from speculative or manipulative trading or operation of certain forces
34

as it is the case in the stock market.
3) Stability
The exchange rate of currency, which is the basic element of FOREX, is determined by
trade volume and national policy, so it can maintain relatively stable flow.
4) Diversity of operation
It is possible to use various strategies by changing PIP interval setting and algorithm.

1.2. QTS Structure

[ Figure 14 ] Quant Trading System Structure
1) Gathering Server
It is a server that stores Big Data for about 30 years and collects new data.
2) Quant Server
It communicates with Gathering Server and Client Trading System, analyzes data collec
ted from current transactions and Gathering Server, and provides information to enabl
e Client System Trading program to sell and trade correctly.
3) Client System Trading.
Based on the information of Quant Server, it conducts FOREX trading through Client's
Fund account. In conclusion, QTS conducts the optimal transaction and generates the
most stable profit by using the AIDUS algorithm and the data collected through the ro
le of each server, and it generates the most stable profit by conducting the optimal tra
nsaction.
35

1.3. QTS Trading Technique
(1) QTS based on FOREX Big Data
① Do not see the chart.
② If the sample is constant, the statistics do not change.
③ It is based on a thorough analysis without any prediction.

(2) The core of QTS trading technique
① Analysis through Big Data
The best deal point is selected by a series of graphing and data block arrays th
rough the collection and analysis of FOREX Big Data for about 30 years, by real
time analysis, and also by means of detailed analysis of the point of time of th
e transaction and leveling by each analysis point.
① The law of algebra based on Quant analysis
AIDUS's Quant Trading System applies the law of algebra, which is based on Q
uant analysis, to carry out the transaction in the most ideal way.

* *Law of algebra.
If we analyze the data of a whole group which is infinite population or its size is too l
arge to be technically surveyed; or when the scale is so large that it is not technically
possible to conduct a full investigation, it points to observe the case of algebra in orde

r to grasp the intrinsic nature of the group and make the data the basis of the subject
of the investigation.

36

2. QTS Performance
1.

QTS Management Performance Overview

QTS has gone through various pilot testing until 2015 along with regular revisions and
updates to be the current solution. Since 2016, there has been public evaluation of the
system through collaboration with asset management professionals for public pilot fund
management. Below chart is the record of historical returns for the past 3 years of oper
ation.

[ Figure 15 ] Management Record from 2015 June to 2018 September
On the account of Iron FX, ID 3868724

Ted Min, COO of AISYS Global, has a total yield rate of 230.7% (average annual return
of about 70.9%) for thirty nine months.

2.2. Performance Record of Pilot Fund and Virtual Account using QTS
※ SUMMARY.
(1) Target: 11 accounts total including 3 accounts of Pilot Fund and 8 virtual accounts.
(2) Operating Period: From minimum 2 months up to 39months
(3) Average annual yield rate: 98.95%
37

In this way, QTS can strategically use aggressive fund management and stable fund
management through PIP setting and algorithm alteration.
The above records have been an opportunity to accumulate the needful expertise and ex
perience to design fund portfolios and its know-hows and as well as to strengthen the st
ability of the system, which is the single biggest factor in the conventional fund operatio
n market.

Moreover, the operating principle is to transparently publicize all the transaction
datasheet through an outside notarization agency.

[ Figure 16-1 ] Performance Record of Pilot fund and Virtual Account for 3 years
(4) Main figures in the Pilot Management
① David Chen – CEO of AISYS Global, AngelVest Group Co-founder & Leader
•

AngelVest Group - Largest investment group in Shanghai, China (http://angelvestgroup.com)

* Co-founded the Hanson Robotics which has developed Sophia, an artificial intelligence
robot
② Ted Min - COO of AISYS Global, QTS developer and designer based on Quant analysis
※ The annual yield rate was calculated on the basis of the situation where the real opera
ting account is operated for one year.
38

※ The virtual account and the market for the transaction use the same data of the act
ual trading market, so the transaction result is not different from the actual operating
account.
※ The virtual accounts and real transaction accounts were traded through LAND FX an
d Iron FX's MT4 Application.
※ In this chart, we can see that all accounts in the AIDUS's Quant Trading System hav
e been started differently and have different trading periods. This proves that stable ea
rnings are generated in all various situations that occurred, not only in certain time per
iods or in specific circumstances.

(5) Qualification of notary public for QTS asset management profit rate
QTS Asset Management Performance will be notified by accounting firm and law firm
and announced through AIDUS ICO homepage every week.

[Figure 16-2] Independent Accountant`s Report from “PKF O’Connor Davies "

39

2.3. Verification on Stability of QTS
The stability of QTS has been proved through this practical operation for three years. I
f the volatility of the fluctuations in the FOREX trading is very large, most of them will
see a margin call or a big loss, but QTS has a stable profit even in the case of rapid fl
uctuation of trading.
(1) Brexit - June 24. 2016
On June 24th 2016 during the Brexit by UK, QTS secured a stable profit of 29.6% eve
n in the event of a plunge of about 2,700 PIP

[ Figure 17 ] FOREX Volatility Chart during Brexit Declaration

40

(2) U.K Pound Plunges - Oct. 7. 2016
On October 7th 2016, the Pound of U.K was plummeted to 1,400 PIP, but the QTS g
ained 9.2%.

[ Figure 18 ] FOREX Volatility Chart during Hard-Brexit Declaration

(3) USA Presidential Election - November 2016
At the time of the US presidential election, there was a wave of 1,500 PIPs, but QTS
earned 8.5%.

[ Figure 19 ] FOREX Volatility Chart during Release of US Presidential Election Result

As such, QTS is a trading system that maximizes profits while minimizing risk in variou
s environment and even in extreme environments.

2.4. Yield Rate Comparison with Global AMCs
AIDUS's Quant Trading System has a comparative advantage in comparison with the w
orld's leading asset management companies in the yield rate comparison.
Renaissance Fund, a world renowned hedge fund is recording an annual yield rate of 1
5.6% to 16.5%, ranking the top reputation in hedge funds, while Kensington Fund and
Wellington Fund are ranking similar yield rate of 14.3% during 2015.
41

[ Figure 20 ] World’s Renowned AMCs Yield Rate Status
As for Mr. David Chen and Mr. Ted Min, the core executives of the AIDUS Project, have
recorded 92.5% and 70.9% yield rate respectively (annual IRR basis) during the pilot fun
d’s operation for over the past 39 months, which are seriously remarkable figures.

[ Figure 21 ] Comparative Chart for Mr. David Chen and Mr. Ted Min’s
Pilot Fund Operation Performance – Based on May 2018 Data
However, it might be somewhat difficult to quickly jump into the conclusion favorable t
o the QTS just by looking at the above simple comparative chart.
As what is important is the strategy for the designing of a suitable fund item.
42

2.5. Fund Portfolio Strategy utilizing QTS
The AIDUS Project Team shall be applying an algorithm that has been further improve
d in its stability when compared to the algorithm used during the QTS pilot fund oper
ation.

[ Figure 22 ] QTS-applied Fund Portfolios Target Yield Rate
In other words, the QTS-applied fund portfolios will be intentionally lowered to 15% to

30% annual yield rate in order to strengthen its stability to equip enough competitiven
ess in the conventional fund market.
In this regard, we shall be using the following two strategies to enhance the stability.

(1) Applying Stability-enhanced QTS Algorithm
The algorithm used for the pilot fund and virtual account operation during the pas
t 3 years has also been focused for the testing of its stability. Thus, the records were a
chieved with an effort to test the achievement and performance in various risk situatio
n and through usage of various pattern-based algorithm of the QTS.
However, in order to penetrate the conventional fund market, we shall be applying 2 t
o 3 times more enhanced algorithm in terms of its stability, along with our strategy to
design a fund portfolio with higher portion allocated for the QTS application.

43

(2) Collaboration Strategy with various AMCs’ portfolios
Asset management companies can utilize the QTS to design various structure of fun
d items depending on the fund characteristics, competitiveness, and target yield rate.

[ Figure 23 ] Sample Fund Portfolio Structure using High stability QTS

As depicted in the above figure, the QTS will enable the asset management
companies to create a unique fund portfolio reflecting the needs of the investors.

44

3. QTS Operation and Profit Model
QTS is based on the structure that the asset management company should first be in
a contractual relationship on the AIDUS platform to, then, have a separate agreement
and contract with the AISYS GLOBAL PTE. LTD..

[ Figure 24 ] QTS Contract Flow
In other words, it is necessary to enter into the AIDUS platform to use the QTS. The as
set management company may not use the QTS if the company doesn’t want, or the a
sset management company can generate a fund linked to QTS such as bond or stock.

However, when the contract is made, the accurate investment amount should be confir
med and then operated.
QTS usage fee is as follows.
1) Management Fee - 2% of initial investment amount
2) Performance Fee - 20%-30% of investment profit
The above fees are slightly lower than the average management commission fees of ot
her asset management companies, and may be adjusted depending on the situation.
In addition, since QTS operation is operated by AISYS GLOBAL PTE. LTD. regardless of
ICO, fees and usage rights are subject to the policy of AISYS GLOBAL PTE. LTD..

45

Ⅵ. AIDUS Global D-Fund Platform
The official name for the platform is the ‘AIDUS Global D-Fund Platform’, or referred
to as ‘ADFP’ as its abbreviation.
The reason behind the creation of ADFP is mentioned in [II.2.1. The NEED and Core tas
ks of investors and asset management companies], as we are aiming at creating the w
orld’s biggest professional asset management community and platform in which global
investors can freely join to access to the global asset management market.

[ Figure 25 ] Connecting to Global Asset Management Market through ADFP
ADFP can only be used through the AIDUS Token, allowing the users to be connected
to the world market without any exchange service.
Investors can get access to any fund in any country through fund information from aro
und the world, and asset management companies can promote and attract investors al
so from all around the world.

46

AIDUS TOKEN (AIDUS)
Purchase / Liquidation

AIDUS TOKEN (AIDUS)
Consignment / Liquidation

AIDUS
Investment
/Reinvestment

AIDUS Return

Usage of SMART Contract-based AIDUS TOKEN (AIDUS)

[ Figure 26 ] Operational Structure of ADFP-based Decentralized Fund Market

Investors who have joined ADFP can automatically create wallets within the pl
atform, operate AIDUS’s functions like HTS, and use MY Page to get the token

quantity / fund information favorites / yield status / personal information in re
al time.
The asset management company can easily manage the fund product promoti
on and opening, subscription status, real-time yield rate and redemption by us
ing the decentralized fund market, and satisfy the requirement to use the QTS
that has been developed by the AISYS GLOBAL PTE. LTD..
In addition, as all of the process laid out above are identical with that of the p
rocess taking place in the real economy, and that there is not a single room t
hat might cause a legal issue, as investors and asset management companies
are applied with their own local regulation. In fact, it is because the asset man
agement company is the one which has created and operated the fund in acc
ordance with the local financial laws of the applicable country and that it is th
e one that has attracted the investors.

47

1. ADFP-based Decentralized Fund Market Structure
There are various service features at the ADFP, but we shall first focus on
the explanation of the decentralized fund market model as it constitutes
the core feature of the ADFP.

1.1 Basic Structure of ADFP-based Decentralized Fund Market
Main participants of ADFP-based decentralized fund market are investors, manag asset
ement companies, and the ADFP used by them.

[ Figure 27 ] Basic Structure of ADFP-based Decentralized Fund Market

The ADFP platform allows investors to become members and sign contracts with the as
set management company to use the ADFP platform. Here, ADFP simply provides the pl
atform and does not engage in any contracts between investors and asset management
companies at all. In other words, ADFP is the same as an open market or a direct deal
market, where all funds are traded only by the investors and asset management compa
nies.

48

1.1.1. Fund Usage Structure by Investors
The investor purchases AIDUS Tokens after signing up in the platform, transfers the token
to the member’s wallet within the platform, confirms the fund information, and identifies
the fund which he would like to join in ADFP. When an investor signs up for a desired fu
nd, he needs to invest the corresponding amount of AIDUS Tokens since the amount of t
he fund is based on the real currency. After signing up, the asset management company
will manage the fund and the investor will receive his yield in the AIDUS Token to be paid
into the investor's ADFP wallet, matching the revailing real currency value, during the fun
d maturity or mid-term closing.

[ Figure 28 ] Fund Usage Structure by Investors
At this time, the investor has a chance to choose how to get the yield return either in ca
sh or in AIDUS, depending on the asset management company, when he signs up for th
e fund.
If you want to cash out when you hold the AIDUS, you can transfer it to your personal w
allet and convert it to cash on a regular market exchange. If you want to reinvest money,
you should check the information of funds and sign into a fund through AIDUS Token in
the ADFP wallet.
Since the investor's assets are being converted into cash and being managed as funds by
the asset management company during the <fund signing in>, <fund management>,

<maturity / mid-term closing> as depicted in [Figure 27 Fund Usage Structure by Investo
rs], they are affected not by the market price of AIDUS Token, but by real currency econo
my. In other cases, the market price of AIDUS Token will be applied in the pricing.

49

As it was explained in [IV. 1. AIDUS Token Summary], one of the core elements of the
AIDUS Token is the profit maximization strategy that was instilled in the token itself. Th
us, every investor must carefully contemplate on this are before making fixed investme
nt decisions.
The investor wallet within the ADFP is privately owned, and even though the AIDUS To
ken is in the wallet, it is not yet cashed or funded, so it is affected by the market price
of AIDUS Tokens. Therefore, the investor can regard the wallets in the ADFP as his/her
own wallet, and that it can be easily understood by approaching the concept of linking
his/her bank account with a private account in HTS for Stock Trading.

1.1.2. Fund Usage Structure by AMCs

[ Figure 29 ] ADFP Fund Usage Structure by AMCs
After signing the contract with the ADFP, the asset management company can create
a fund through the AMC’s Admin Page, and publicize the relevant information through
the fund information page. When investors sign into the fund, asset management com
pany cashes the AIDUS sent by the investor into the company’s wallet and manages th
e funds through SMART Contract.
In the event of a fund's maturity or mid-term closing request, the asset management c
ompany will purchase the AIDUS Tokens corresponding to the yield return from the ex
changes as per the value of real currency and that will be paid to the investor. In this
case, the date and method of payment shall be notified to the investor prior to the fu
nd's entry and paid on the correct schedule, and the AIDUS payment or cash payment
shall also be agreed upon by the contract when investors sign into the fund in the first

place.

50

In addition, just as in the real economy, every asset management company designates
a trustee to protect investors’ investments, and by doing so, the actual investment fun
ds must be managed by the trustees. This will be explained separately in the terms of
the contract.
If investors invest in large quantities or ask for a large amount of redemption, which m
ight trigger the AIDUS’ market price to fall / rise, in which the asset management com
panies can be affected by the market price. In order to prepare for this, we must secur
e liquidity supply through contract with a LP(liquidity provider). If the asset manageme
nt company can supply liquidity on its own, LP may not be needed, so the asset mana
gement company can choose to use LP for its service.

1.2 Structure of Registration / Contract Signing in Fund Market
ADFP does not guarantee anonymity in the business model structure. This means that
the investor must certify himself / herself at the time of signing the fund, and the asse
t management company must have a certificate issued by its own government in order
to ensure trust.
Therefore, in ADFP, the investor must fill in the matters related to KYC (self- certificatio
n) and AML (anti-money laundering) when signing up. This is a system that all particip
ants of the ADFP must go through, and especially for investors, because as it is an inte
rnational fund transaction, it is necessary to register an internationally recognized pass
port identification.
Asset management companies can use ADFP only through a contract with ADFP, not j
ust a membership. The reason is for the "investor protection". In many countries, there
are tight regulations regarding the number of permits, such as an asset management l
icense, a fund management license, a joint venture certification, a vendor certificate, as
set reserves, and payment reserves for the same purpose.
ADFP has a duty to notarize and verify all of these in order to make a contract with an
asset management company for the protection of investors through a legal company i
n each different country. Therefore, ADFP can be used only by reliable asset managem
ent
51

company through the ADFP membership and contract policy. In addition, the asset man
agement company limits the fund recruitment amount when the fund is created by asse
t holdings and reserve funds.
For clarification, this is not about creating every new concept but to only enable real as
set management companies that have already received the proper license in the real ec
onomy to join in the fund market. Of course, these companies do not necessarily have t
o get every permit from every country, but if there is a specific regulation that prohibits
investment from a certain country and that if an asset management company in the AD
FP does not satisfy the specific condition, in this case, there will be a function that prev
ents the settlement of agreement within the fund market.
In addition, under the ADFP contract, the asset management company should translate
the company introduction and fund information into English, Chinese, Japanese, Germa
n, Russian, Korean and Spanish, and inform the investors of the fund information when
signing into the fund. This is the basic service that has to be provided as our platform i
s targeting for advertisement and marketing to global investors.

2. ADFP-based Decentralized Fund Market System

[ Figure 30 ] ADFP-based Decentralized Fund Market System Structure
52

2.1. Features and System of ADFP-based Decentralized Fund Market
The features and the systematic structure of the ADFP-based decentralized fund marke
t is as depicted in the blow diagram.
The system is based on the ETHEREUM Network consisting of SMART Contract, Co- au
thentication feature, fund information system, wallet system and various related featur
es for the platform.

[ Figure 31 ] ADFP-based Decentralized Fund Market System Structure

2.1.1. SMART Contract
ADFP's system is a structure that caters signing into and reselling of funds online, so it
is important to sign contracts with investors and asset management companies using

SMART Contract. Therefore, AIDUS Token must be transferred from the investor's wallet
to the asset management company's wallet automatically when the specific contract h
as been settled. Also, in the case of the fund operation period maturity / mid-term fun
d withdrawal, AIDUS Token will be transferred from the asset management company’s
wallet to the investor’s wallet. In addition, each specific process will be automatically r
eflected with the application and contract writing and customer authentication informa
tion, in a manner that the relevant information shall be automatically updated. Most o
f these functions are based on the already existing
53

technologies, but the Blockchain technologies will be applied specifically to investor i
nformation and contract information that require security enhancement.

2.1.1.1. Investor Registration Contract
Investors can register on the fund market by using AIDUS Dapp or through the websit

e provided by ADFP. AIDUS creates an ETHEREUM user account through METAMASK
Wallet (Chrome Extension) or through the MyEtherWallet, then encrypts and stores the
investor’s personal information, specific Nonce (uint256) information and the ETHEREU
M user account in the IPFS(Interplanetary File System) network, and receives Hash (Con
tents Address) information for accessing the corresponding personal information from
the IPFS. Therefore, personal information can only be accessed by the user, and the de
cryption key that can be decrypted is also stored in the IPFS and given a separate has
h (Contents Address). In other words, only the user can access personal information th
rough IPFS and decrypt the personal information. AIDUS then registers only the IPFS h
ash information in the ETHEREUM Blockchain that can access private information using
SMART Contract.

[ Figure 32 ] Investor Registration Contract Structure

54

2.1.1.2. AMC Registration Contract
The membership registration process of the asset management company consists of t
wo stages. The first stage includes the data storage process of asset management co
mpany’s personal information, which is similar to the one which is used with general in
vestors.
The second stage includes the data storage process of the reference information of th
e asset management company that should be accessible to the investors, which is pub
licly stored in the IPFS by serializing it as Json File. Therefore, the Hash information cor

responding to the information of the asset management company of the second step
stored in the IPFS and the Hash information of the decryption key are registered in th
e Blockchain through the SMART Contract of the AIDUS token at the same time as the
signing up.

[ Figure 33 ] AMC Registration Contract Structure

55

2.1.1.3. Fund Registration Contract
When registering a new fund information, SMART Contract based on the ETHEREUM u
ser account of the asset management company is being used to create a new SMART
Contract (CA, Contract Account) and register it in the ETHEREUM network.
At this time, the fund name, the fund type, the evaluation grade, the base price, the sc
ale of the fund, the total commission, the management company, the information of f
und managers, various reports (investment manual, investment protocol, management
report, asset management report, and etc.), fund redemption method, fees, and etc. ar

e registered in the ETHEREUM network, and the owner of the SMART Contract Address
of the fund becomes the asset management company who created the fund.
At this time, EVM (ETHEREUM Virtual Machine) Storage is a structure for mapping key
/ value, and since both key and value use 256-bit size, various report files are uploade
d to IPFS and only Hash information is registered in the ETHEREUM network.

[ Figure 34 ] Fund Registration Contract Structure

56

2.1.1.4. Fund Purchasing Contract
Investors may purchase the funds registered by the asset management company throu
gh SMART Contract. At this time, the investors must hold the AIDUS Token in his/her
wallet and by sending the Token to the SMART Contract Address of the relevant fund
the fund is officially purchased and settled. AIDUS Token requires GAS (ETH) to be sen
t and the exhaustion of sufficient GAS can lead to quick transactions.
When the fund is purchased, the asset management company acquires the authority t
o view the investor's personal information. At this time, the asset management compa

ny can inquire the fund buyer's IPFS hash information and hash information including
decryption key which would enable the viewing of information through SMART Contra
ct.

[ Figure 35 ] Fund Purchasing Contract Structure

57

2.1.1.5 Fund Maturity / Redemption Contract
SMART contracts for fund maturity / redemption are calculated by reference to the inf
ormation in the Oracles Information system during the maturity / redemption of the fu
nd. In other words, it is a SMART Contract that determines the amount to be paid to t
he investor by the asset management company. However, the method of calculating t
he fund redemption fee differs for each fund, and the investor's evaluation amount is
paid after the fund redemption fee is deducted. (Difference might occur according to t
he type of fund, commission, redemption, and standard time)

At this point, the Oracles Information system continuously registers the fund base date
, reference price and yield rate at the base time, comparison index, type average, and
change rate in the ETHEREUM network through SMART Contract.

[ Figure 36 ] Fund Maturity / Redemption Contract Structure

58

2.1.2. Co-Authentication System
In 1989 Tim Berners-Lee, a software engineer of European Particle Research Institute (CE
RN) located between Switzerland and France, researched the Web for quick and accurate
information exchange among researchers working in universities and research institutes a
round the world. When the World Wide Web had been created, the original goal of the
Web was decentralization. But today's Web is rapidly centralized as hundreds of millions

of people rely on a handful of services.
This was not the direction that HTTP was first intended, and the NSA in USA or the NIS i
n Korea now has the ability to monitor us with just a few servers. Now government can
block specific content at its own discretion and monitor real-time chat history. Centralize
d servers are exposed to DDoS attacks and various hacking risks and are being attempte
d to hack them for the purpose of obtaining personal information.
As a result, Verizon, which acquired Yahoo's Internet business in October 2017, said that i
t was revealed late that hacking damage occurred in August 2013 amounted to 3 billion

user accounts. The victims included Yahoo's Tumblr and Flicker. In addition, Oracle's pay
ment subsidiary, Micros, has also been hacked on user information, and Linked-in has rev
ealed that 6.5 million user passwords were leaked in 2012.
Recently, Big Data has become one of the core strategies of future corporations, and the
kinds and amounts of personal information they collect are increasing. However, with the
centralization of personal data, these companies, which store a large number of custome
r information, are becoming a good prey such as a honey pot for hackers, and the practi
ce of actually being hacked is repeated over and over. Information once leaked cannot b
e reversed and is being exploited for crimes such as voice phishing.
AIDUS can decentralize the Web so that it would prevent few powerful organizations or c
ompanies controlling the Web. This will lead to the recovery of the sovereignty of person
al information, and if the personal information provider can directly select the object that
can be provided with their personal information after the web is distributed and the pers
onal information is decentralized, the co-authentication system can prevent the abuse of
personal information and recover sovereignty to control their own personal information.
In this regard, the AIDUS co-authentication system uses the latest Interplanetary File
System (IPFS) technology.
59

When an investor and an asset management company ask for sign up by using ADFP's
Web service, the personal information is uploaded as a file on the IPFS by BSON (Binary J
SON) serialization. At this time, the IPFS encrypts the corresponding file to provide a Has
h Key (Contents Address), which is owned solely by the investor or the asset managemen
t company itself. At this time, only the investor or the asset management company havin
g the provided key can browse the personal information, and then the hash value and th
e decryption key of the file are registered in the SMART Contract. The

fund investor and

the asset management company can make a bilateral transaction from ADFP to Peer-ToPeer, and at this time, they can receive the personal information of each other on the IPF
S with mutual hash value and decryption key.

[ Figure 37 ] Co-Authentication Structure

2.1.3. Fund Information System
A system that allows the transfer of data from a centralized fund information provider to
a file system using Blockchain technology or by the Blockchain itself is called information
system.
As a method of transferring data from a centralized data to a distributed environment, AI
DUS updates the fund information registered by the asset management company on a re
al time basis to the Blockchain network.
60

2.1.4. Wallet System
ADFP provides wallet that is fully decentralized and are able to trade peer-to-peer fun
ding by using the ETHEREUM-based Mobile Native APP wallets and Chrome Web bro
wser-based extension programs such as the MetaMask or MyEtherWallet.
The investor can purchase the fund through the AIDUS token, and The ADIUS token is
transferred from the investor's wallet to the asset management company’s wallet throu
gh SMART Contract, and at the same time, the transaction hash information is register
ed in the ETHEREUM Network. At this time, the asset management company acquires t
he authority to view the member information of the investor, and the member informa
tion of the fund can be viewed through the IPFS.
The amount of the valuation at maturity / redemption is calculated by referring to the
information of the information system. However, the method of calculating the fund re
demption fee differs for each fund, and the investor's evaluation fee will be paid by

t

oken or cash through the SMART Contract after charging the fund redemption fee.

[ Figure 38 ] ADFP-based Decentralized Fund Market Wallet System Access Structure

61

2.2. Why ETHEREUM Network?
The ETHEREUM Network is a platform for distributed ecosystems.
The ADFP decentralized fund market requires SMART Contract in order to perform compl
ex fund transactions. In this regard, the ETHEREUM is the first-ever Blockchain network to
allow SMART contracts.
In the third phase of the roadmap, Byzantium in metropolis was upgraded based on the
4,370,000th block in October 2017, and the TPS problem and mining upgrade (POW → P
OS) will be completed through the upgrade of Constantinople.
The Blockchain ledger should be able to handle more complex transactions than simply s
ending and receiving values but rather it should enable entering of data, transmitting sta
te values and performing complex requests and calls.
Also, since we use the ERC-20 token that can be further expanded in the Blockchain, the
ETHEREUM network guarantees the most suitable environment for the ADFP. We are fully
aware of ADFP's potential problems in the ETHEREUM network and are working to maxi
mize the potential for ADFP to grow for further diverse applications.

2.2.1. SMART Contract
The fund market needs more features than to sending tokens. The distributed fund mark
et requires Blockchain ledger to execute more complex transactions than the basic trans
mitting and receiving of value. The core competence of ETHEREUM is SMART Contracts,
which provides the ability to extensively use the Blockchain ledgers.
SMART Contracts provide a solution for executing commands on Blockchain network. Th
ese data can store, retrieve, and process data on the ETHEREUM Blockchain network and
distribute code that cannot be modified once it has been deployed in the network.
The basic function of SMART Contract in terms of fund contract is the storage of data. T
his data includes information about the contracted fund, funding amount, fund contractin
g party information, and fund schedule. The information mentioned above can be used t
o conduct mutual fund transactions between a trusted asset management company and
the investor. However, we may need more than the above data when we
62

want a viable solution for mutual fund dealings between investors and asset managem
ent companies that do not have information on the contracting counterpart.

2.2.2. Decentralized Application (DAPP)
Distributed fund market
ETHEREUM provides an ecosystem for the fund market that is executed on the Blockch
ain network.
Through the distributed fund market, all transactions are conducted on the Blockchain,
and all data related to the funds are stored and executed on the Blockchain network,
which provides security, trust and transparency between the investor and the asset ma
nagement company.

SMART Contract

ETHEREUM-based SMART Contract provides ecosystems that create transactions even
without prior trust established between the parties. All transactions are performed usin
g SMART Contract. That is, contracts (code) cannot be manipulated or tampered beca
use the code runs on the Blockchain and the ADFP copies the information to multiple
nodes.

SMART Contract for distributed fund market
SMART Contract is suitable for distributed platforms, and SMART Contract can handle
complex transactions such as future payments, token transfers, and any kind of closing

/ redemption execution. Moreover, SMART Contract also need to store information
about investors on the Blockchain, so the information can be stored and categorized a
s there are important data for the fund contract on the Blockchain.

63

VII. AIDUS ICO PLAN
1. Overview of AIDUS Token Sales Plan
The AIDUS Token, carrying out the critical role in the ADFP-based decentralized fund
market, shall be acquired through the token presale in the form of an ICO(Initial Token
Offering). The tokens offered in the ICO shall be based in ERC-2o token format, and ca
n be used in the fund market once the AIDUS Global D-Fund Platform-based decentr
alized fund market is launched. Moreover, once the AIDUS Main-Net is launched in lat
er phases, the token shall be changed into the AIDUS Token at 1:1 ratio.

[ Table 1 ] Overview of AIDUS Token Sales Plan

The total of 10 billion AIDUS tokens shall be minted/issued, of which only 2 billion (ex

clusive of bonus tokens) AIDUS tokens (AIDUS) shall be distributed through the ICO.

64

2. Token Sales Schedule and Details
The AIDUS Token sales shall go through three different phases starting from private pr
esale to public presale then to the public sale phase. Should the Hard Cap be reached
at any phase, the following sales phase may not take place.

2,654,000,000AIDUS (Pre-issuing volume 833,000,000 AIDUS)

[ Table 2 ] AIDUS Token Sales Schedule and Details

※ Rate for the ETHEREUM payment shall be announced 24 hours prior to each phase of sales pl
an

65

3. AIDUS Token Distribution Plan

[ Figure 39 ] AIDUS Token Distribution Plan

66

Sequential Token Supply Plan
The AIDUS Project Team shall be issuing about 13.27% of the entire AIDUS token thro
ugh the ICO. The fund volume within the ADFP Decentralized Fund Market is expected
to expand in a gradual phase, which will be coupled with the growing demand of AID
US token liquidity in the market. Thus, the remaining 37.73% of the AIDUS token shall
be supplied to the market by AISYS GLOBAL in a sequential manner following the expa
nsion of the fund volume within the platform. The profits generated from the sequenti

al supplying of the AIDUS tokens by the AISYS GLOBAL shall be transparently operate
d through the operation of the proprietary QTS and as well as for the liquidity resourc
e for the AMCs. For the avoidance of doubt, none of these profits will be distributed (
whether directly to indirectly) to holders of the Tokens or AIDUS Tokens.

Token Repurchase Plan
The AIDUS Project Team plans to protect the token value of the Tokens/AIDUS Tokens
by first expanding the fund volume within the ADFP Decentralized Fund Market to a ce
rtain level, and then using the profits generated by the asset management of the prop
rietary QTS to purchase a certain amount of AIDUS Tokens from the market each year
to reduce the amount of AIDUS Tokens in circulation. AIDUS Tokens that are purchase
d shall be held by AISYS GLOBAL in its reserves for such activities as AISYS GLOBAL, in
its sole and absolute discretion, deems appropriate from time to time.

67

4. Budget Operation Plan

[ Figure 40 ] Budget Operation Plan

Development and O&M Budget for Aidus Token
and Platform

AIDUS Token Fundamental
Management

Asset management budget allocated to secure
fundamentals for the AIDUS Token through the QTS

68

5. Project Road-Map

Review of AIDUS Token Model
Draft Whitepaper of AIDUS
ADFP-based Fund Market & AIDUS Token Legal Review
completed

69

6.

Development Plan for ADFP-based Decentralized Fund
Market

Development language: Node.JS / Solidity / Web3.js / React / Java script / Java / Python

7.

Social Contribution (CSR) Plan

The AIDUS Project Team has launched the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
within the AIS FOUNDATION LTD. from the very start of the project with an aim to lau
nch various social contribution activities from the early stage of our project.
70

VIII. Team & Advisory
1. Team
▪ AISYS GLOBAL CEO
▪ AIS FOUNDATION Chairman
▪ 2014 ~ : Hanson Robotics / Director & CFO

▪ 2006 ~ : AngelVest / Co-founder & Chairman

David Chen
CEO

▪ Harvard University, MBA
▪ University of Rochester, BS Electrical Engineering

▪ 2018.10 : AIDUS Global D-Fund Platform Project
▪ 2018.02 : AIDUS Project Start.
▪ 2015 : Lulu investment Club Co.,Ltd. Established.

▪ 2015.6 : QTS Development and Service Start

Ted Min

COO / FOUNDER

▪ Expert financial transaction analysis and algorithm
builder. Platform and service planning and opera
tion experts..
▪ Oputech Singapore / CEO
▪ Alternative & Leveraged Inv. Consulting / CEO
▪ Tullett Prebon Korea / Director
▪ Kiwoom Securities, DGB Asset Management, Citi

Kyle Ahn
CIO

Bank Korea / Asset Management
▪ illinois University, USA , MBA
▪ 2007-2018 HSBC / AVP, IT Enterprise System &
Architecture
▪ 2005-2006 HSBC / IT Officer
▪ 2004-2005 IBM / Project Manager

Jonathan Kim
CTO

▪ 1999-2004 NOKIA / Unix Specialist
▪ 1995-1997 KFM / Network Developer
71

David Lee

Dennis Lee

Management Support
Director

Business Team Leader

Steven Lee

Neo Min

Planning Team Leader

Management Support Team
Leader

Kelly Jo

Reo Kim

Development Team Leader

Strategic planning team
Leader

Ho Dong Kim

Arseny Frolov

Blockchian Dev. Team Leader

Web Developer

Kirill Bondarev

Yauhen Sakovich

Blockchain Developer

Blockchain Developer

Favian Lee

Olga Ovchinnikova

Design Team Leader

Senior Designer

72

Ken Ko

Ekaterina Moiseenko

Marketing Team Leader

Social Marketing Manager

73

2. Advisor
▪ Founding partner at DARMA Captial.
▪ ‘15.08 ~

Former Director of ConsenSys Capital

▪ ‘09.10 ~

CEO at Healthcare Inside/Med A-Z

▪ ‘06.06 ~ ‘10.08 Managing member at family companies
of Life Settlement

James Slazas

▪ ‘01.03 ~ ’06.06 Partner of Legacy Advisory Group

▪ Co-founder & President at Good Morning Holdings Corp.
Chairman at Happy Home Economy Institute
▪ ‘13 ~

KiKwon Doh

▪ ‘05 ~ ‘12

Founder & CEO at Unhwa Corperation Advis

▪ ’08 ~ ‘09

or at Hyundai Motor Securities

▪ ’99 ~ ‘04

CEO at Goodmoring Shinhan Securities

▪ ’95 ~ ‘96

CEO at Citicorp Securities Finance

▪ Director of Digitial Training at Alter Solutions Deutschland
GmbH
▪ ‘16.09~’17.04 Senior Scrum Master at High Access Solutions
▪ ‘14.10~’16.08 Director Project Management at Plus1
▪ ‘10.04~’14.09 Director Portfoliomanagement at GM Ltd

Thorsten Schauer

▪ Doctor Degree in International Business Administration and
a Master Degree in International Business Law

▪ ‘16.03 ~ Sales and Business Dev. Manager at Vixion B.V.
▪ ‘14.11 ~ Business Dev. Manager at Digital Intelligence
Group B.V.
▪ ’14.03 ~ ‘16.05 Co-founder of No Candy Licensing B.V.

Wim Jagtenberg

▪ Master Degree in Tax Law (1991)
▪ Business Dev. Management Expert in software Industry

▪ ‘15.01 ~

CEO at GLOBAL FUND LLC

▪ ‘10.10 ~ ‘14.09 Chairman at FIIA
▪ ‘03.03 ~ ‘10.08 CEO at Washington Global Fund LP.

Ted Kim

▪ ‘98.01 ~ ‘03. 04 Attorney at Law Jaeger& Teras LLP.

74

▪ Portfolio Manager of Falcon Asia Fund at Gordian
Capital
▪ 25+years experience in financial investments including
working at one of global hedge funds, VC and IB

Edward Choi

▪ Carnegie Mellon University – Tepper School of
Business

▪ 2016.Sep ~ : Head of MEA&Global Special Projects at
Afiniti Ai/ Mckinsey Solutions
▪ 2014. ~

: Partner - System Hotels Ltd.

▪ ‘07.Nov ~ ’13.Nov: Chief Investment Officer -Depa
United Group

Hadi Solh

▪ ’03 ~ ’05 : Havard University

▪ 2018.Mar~ : Blockscale Solution Inc. - CEO
▪ 2018.May~: Decentralizing precision medicine
with AI - Advisor
▪ 2018.Mar~ - Blockchain Learning Grouo Inc. - CEO

Chami Akmeemana

▪ 2000~2003 : Queen Mary University of London - MSc,
Engineering

▪ Develop keyboard security solutions & PC vulnerability
analysis
▪ DevelopHead of advertising agency development.
▪ Establish and manage multiple IT companies including
Zen Software, SuperBee, and Pumpkinnz.

James Lee

▪ Has over 18 years of development and business
planning experience.
▪ CEO at Real Stock, the leading of real stock market
▪ Manager at Happy Telecom & MOTOROLA Engineer
▪ BOOK :
『Story easiest futures and options in the world』

Ji In Moon

『Stock Futures Trading Secrets』
『Foreign futures Real investment Complete conquest』

75

