akroma.io - github.com/akroma-project - medium.com/akroma - twitter.com/akroma_io

DRAFT 0.0.7

1

Abstract
Current blockchain networks have reached a level of social acceptance and usage that is greater
than their transaction and performance capacity. Application developers are turning to alternative
platforms and solutions in search of stability in transaction processing. New development focused
networks, each with their own set of APIs, are being created and offered to application
developers. These new networks come with their own API (application programming interface),
which developers are required to learn. We created Akroma in order to continue using the
powerful features offered by Ethereum, the EVM, Web3 and more. Akroma is a stable and
performant network to build applications on and around.

2

Contents
Abstract

2

Contents

3

Disclosure

4

Problem

5

Overview

5

Governance Model Comparison

6

Masternodes

6

Oracles

6

Technology

7

Roadmap

7

Conclusion

8

3

Disclosure
There is no Akroma ICO, no pre-sale, or any other method for you to purchase AKA. This
document is only being created to help outline our vision for those that want to read the contents
of our website and medium posts in PDF form. The disclosure that follows is adapted from what
we’ve found common in many ICO whitepapers.
<common_disclosure>
Nothing herein constitutes an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any tokens, nor
shall there be any offer, solicitation or sale of AKA in any jurisdiction in which such offer,
solicitation or sale would be unlawful. You should carefully read and fully understand this
whitepaper and any updates.
This whitepaper describes our current vision for the Akroma project. While we intend to
attempt to realize this vision, please recognize that it is dependent on quite a number of factors
and subject to quite a number of risks. It is entirely possible that the Akroma project will never
be implemented or adopted, or that only a portion of our vision will be realized. We do not
guarantee, represent or warrant any of the statements in this whitepaper, because they are
based on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions, about which there can be no
assurance due to various anticipated and unanticipated events that may occur.
Please know that we plan to work hard in seeking to achieve the vision laid out in this white
paper, but that you cannot rely on any of it coming true. Blockchain, cryptocurrencies and other
aspects of our technology and these markets are in their infancy and will be subject to many
challenges, competition and a changing environment. We will try to update our community as
things grow and change, but undertake no obligation to do so.
</common_disclosure>

4

Problem
Akroma is focused on finding solutions to two main problems facing decentralized application
development platforms. The first is to create a sustainable governance model around this new
network that avoids the trappings of genesis block allocations, pre-mines, and ICO fundraising as
all these methods incentivize founders and early adopters to “pump and dump” and move onto
the next project.
Using lessons learned from Dash, ZCash, BitShares and EOS, we believe that we can build a
governance model that supports long term sustainability for the Akroma project, while still
rewarding early adopters.
With a sustainable governance model, we can focus our efforts on often underrepresented areas
of cryptocurrency projects, that include: design, usability, adoption, and application development.

Overview
The Akroma team has been working with multiple startups on projects that include some
connection to a decentralized platform such as Ethereum and undoubtedly when we get to the
stage about deciding what platform to build on the conversation turns to gas price, CryptoKitties,
and Ethereum scaling in general. We looked at alternate solutions, alternate public networks,
using private networks but decided that since we have a need, a team of developers, and the
need for some adjustments (oracles, software focus on non-crypto consumer), we created the
Akroma project.
We believe that these adjustments and team offer a compelling platform and, as such, made
Akroma public. We hope that you can use the Akroma project along with us. Akroma is the
platform that the Akroma team needs for building applications. You might not need it.

5

Governance Model Comparison
Platform

Model

Result

Akroma

Per-block allocation

AKA allocation happens over-time.

Ethereum

Genesis block allocation

Once value achieved, core team has left project

Zcash

For-Profit

Misaligned with users

Tezos

On-Chain

Fail to launch

Bitcoin

None

Contentious Forks

Masternodes
Masternodes are a common second layer solution to adding features to a blockchain based
network. The Akroma project intends to use this layer of masternodes to power developer and
development related features. These features often require greater levels of computation,
storage, or availability. As such, an incentivization system has been built into the core Akroma
protocol that rewards those that host masternode servers with AKA.

Oracles
One of the first development features that we plan to add, once we have the second layer of
nodes, is the concept of Oracles. Oracles are systems that provide data to smart contracts. The
goal of an oracle network is to develop a feature that developers of smart contracts can trust
enough to access the results of the data provided to them as it will often be the catalyst for
moving tokens.
Oracles are a very new concept and there are multiple ways to implement Oracles. Oraclize and
ChainLink are two unique implementations. As we develop the Akroma oracle offering, we
expect both of these to be seen as competitors and also compatible with the Akroma project.

6

Technology
Akroma is a fork of the go implementation of the Ethereum protocol. It is a fork in the sense that it
uses the same codebase; not the same ledger. Akroma is to Ethereum as Litecoin is to Bitcoin.
Development on decentralized platforms is growing at a fever pace. As developers look to build
their application without the side effects of network congestion there are few options that arise.
The first option is to build “next to” the network that you are building your application on. The
second option is to consider new platforms that promise better stability. The third option is the
one that the Akroma team took; stand up your own network, and make it public.
All the tools developers use can be used on Akroma.
Smart Contracts

Solidity

Web3

Akroma

✔

✔

✔

Ethereum

✔

✔

✔

Roadmap
The Akroma roadmap is included to provide a rough estimation on what the Akroma core team
will be working on, what we find a priority. Please expect this roadmap to be adjusted, we do.
Project

Status

Result

Website Launch

Complete

akroma.io

Web Wallet

Complete

wallet.akroma.io

Mainnet

Complete

status.akroma.io

Mining Pools

Complete

minerpool.net/pools/akroma

Hard-fork #1

Complete, Est Feb 22nd

Block reward adjustment

7

Explorer Rebuild

Est Feb 11th

akroma.io/explorer

Mobile App (Android)

Est March 1st

Playstore

Masternode MVP

Est April 1st

Alpha test sign up

Exchange listing

In Progress

Community can trade

Akroma Foundation

In Progress

Stronger Governance

Masternode MVP Public

Est Q3

Network stability

Desktop Wallet

TBD

Conclusion
This whitepaper is intended to provide a single place to read about the vision that the Akroma
core team will be working towards. It was created because many exchanges require a
whitepaper and this is that whitepaper.
Akroma is not an ICO, there is no pre-sale of any AKA, and there is no method for the Akroma
core team to accept funds for AKA. Akroma is not working on having a killer-feature. Instead,
Akroma is focused on creating a stable development platform and development team.

8

