2018
Whitepaper: smART OF GIVING (AOG) – “Coin
with a Purpose, Team with a Heart”

AES SIGNATUM LLP
1/18/2018
AOG Coin Whitepaper

NOTICE
The AOG tokens aren’t meant to represent securities in any jurisdiction. This white paper does not represent a
prospectus or supply document of any kind and isn’t meant to represent a proposal of securities or a solicitation for
investment in securities in any jurisdiction.
The information set below might not be exhaustive and isn’t meant to imply any elements of a contractual relationship.
While every effort has been made to ensure that any material in this whitepaper is accurate and up to date, however,
such material in no way is to be understood as advice. AOG doesn’t guarantee, and refrains from any legal liability
whatsoever arising from or connected to, the exactness, dependability, prevalence, or completeness of any material
contained in this white paper.
Contributors and potential AOG token holders must get independent professional advice before moving into any
commitment or contract. The material in this white paper is solely revealed for reference purposes alone.
AOG doesn't offer any opinion on any recommendation to buy, sell, or otherwise interact with AOG tokens and
therefore the truth of presentation of this study shall not type the idea of, or be relied upon in reference to, any contract
or contribution call.
No person or organization must enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relevance to the purchase and
sale of AOG tokens, and no crypto currency or alternative variety of payment is to be accepted on the premise of
this study alone. AOG Tokens don't represent tokens of any country in any type whatever. AOG
Tokens don't hold price in GBP, USD, EUR or the other fiat currency.
NO ADVICE
No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal, financial or tax advice regarding AOG,
the Distributor, the AOG tokens, the AOG Token Sale, the AOG Wallet, and the AOG Exchange (each as referred to in
the Whitepaper). You should consult your own legal, financial, tax or other professional adviser regarding AOG and/or
the Distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the AOG tokens, the AOG Token Sale, the AOG Wallet,
and the AOG Exchange (each as referred to in the Whitepaper). You should be aware that you may be required to bear
the financial risk of any purchase of AOG tokens for an indefinite period of time.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In no event shall AOG, members of AOG staff, contractors, or volunteers be liable for: Any lost profits, lost savings or
incidental, indirect, special or consequential damages, arising out of your use or inability to use the services or products
offered by AOG or the breach of any of these Terms by any third party;
Any security risk such as hacker attacks, loss of password, loss of private key, or similar. Mistakes or errors in code,
text, or images involved in the sale, any losses resulting from the volatility in pricing of AOGs in any countries and
crypto currency exchanges. This website and the AOG tokens are provided on an “as is” basis and without any
warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied. You assume all responsibility and risk with respect to your use of
the website and purchasing of any amount of the AOG tokens and their use. If applicable law does not allow all or any
part of the above limitation of liability to apply to you, the limitations will apply to you only to the extent permitted by
applicable law. By acquiring AOG’s Token and to the extent permitted by applicable law, the buyer agrees not to hold
AOG’s Token or any employee or contractor of AOG liable for any losses or damages arising out of or in any way
connected to the buyer’s failure to properly secure the private key to the wallet containing their AOG TOKENS:
hacker’s attacks, stolen devices, loss of passwords, etc.
NO REPRESENTATION & WARRANTIES
AOG and/or the Distributor does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty or
undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation, warranty or undertaking in
relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper.

AOG Coin Whitepaper

Page 2

REPRESENTATION & WARRANTIES BY YOU
By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may
be), you represent and warrant to AOG and/or the Distributor, as follows:
(a) you agree and acknowledge that the AOG tokens do not constitute securities in any form in any jurisdiction;
(b) you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is
not intended to constitute an offer of securities in any jurisdiction or a solicitation for investment in securities and you
are not bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment and no crypto currency or other form of payment
is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper;
(c) you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined or approved of the information set out in this
Whitepaper, no action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction and
the publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper to you does not imply that the applicable laws,
regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with;
(d) you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion of the AOG Token Sale, or
future trading of the AOG tokens on any crypto currency exchange, shall not be construed, interpreted or deemed by
you as an indication of the merits of the AOG and/or the Distributor, the AOG tokens, the AOG Token Sale, the AOG
Wallet, and the AOG Exchange (each as referred to in this Whitepaper);
(e) the distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper, any part thereof or any copy thereof, or acceptance of the same by
you, is not prohibited or restricted by the applicable laws, regulations or rules in your jurisdiction, and where any
restrictions in relation to possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions at your
own expense and without liability to AOG and/or the Distributor;
(f) you have a basic degree of understanding of the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and
other material characteristics of cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets or other
related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology;
(g) you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to purchase any AOG tokens, there are risks
associated with AOG and the Distributor and their respective business and operations, the AOG tokens, the AOG
Token Sale, the AOG Wallet, and the AOG Exchange (each as referred to in the Whitepaper);
(h) you agree and acknowledge that neither AOG nor the Distributor is liable for any indirect, special, incidental,
consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue,
income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this
Whitepaper or any part thereof by you; and
(i) all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and nonmisleading from the time of your
access to and/or acceptance of possession this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be).

CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press releases or in any place accessible by the public
and oral statements that may be made by AOG and/or the Distributor or their respective directors, executive officers or
employees acting on behalf of AOG or the Distributor (as the case may be), that are not statements of historical fact,
constitute “forward looking statements”. Some of these statements can be identified by forward-looking terms such as
“aim”, “target”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”, “if”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “possible”,
“probable”, “project”, “should”, “would”, “will” or other similar terms.
However, these terms are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements. All statements regarding
AOG’s and/or the Distributor’s financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects of
the industry which AOG and/or the Distributor is in are forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements as to AOG’s and/or the Distributor’s revenue
and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed in this Whitepaper
regarding AOG and/or the Distributor are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. These forwardlooking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future
results, performance or achievements of AOG and/or the Distributor to be materially different from any future results,
performance or achievements expected, expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors
include, amongst others:

AOG Coin Whitepaper

Page 3

(a) changes in political, social, economic and stock or crypto currency market conditions, and the regulatory
environment in the countries in which AOG and/or the Distributor conducts its respective businesses and
operations;
(b) the risk that AOG and/or the Distributor may be unable or execute or implement their respective business
strategies and future plans;
(c) changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and crypto currencies;
(d) changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth of AOG and/or the Distributor;
(e) changes in the availability and fees payable to AOG and/or the Distributor in connection with their respective
businesses and operations;
(f) changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by AOG and/or the Distributor to operate
their respective businesses and operations;
(g) changes in preferences of customers of AOG and/or the Distributor;
(h) changes in competitive conditions under which AOG and/or the Distributor operate, and the ability of AOG and/or
the Distributor to compete under such conditions;
(i) changes in the future capital needs of AOG and/or the Distributor and the availability of financing and capital to
fund such needs;
(j) war or acts of international or domestic terrorism;
(k) occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God that affect the businesses and/or operations of
AOG and/or the Distributor;
(l) other factors beyond the control of AOG and/or the Distributor; and
(m) any risk and uncertainties associated with AOG and/or the Distributor and their businesses and operations, the
AOG tokens, the AOG Token Sale, the AOG Wallet, and the AOG Exchange (each as referred to in the
Whitepaper).
All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to AOG and/or the Distributor or persons acting on behalf
of AOG and/or the Distributor are expressly qualified in their entirety by such factors. Given that risks and
uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of AOG and/or the Distributor
to be materially different from that expected, expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this
Whitepaper, undue reliance must not be placed on these statements. These forward-looking statements are
applicable only as of the date of this Whitepaper. Neither AOG, the Distributor nor any other person represents,
warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance or achievements of AOG and/or the
Distributor will be as discussed in those forward-looking statements. The actual results, performance or
achievements of AOG and/or the Distributor may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements.
Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or undertaking as to
the future performance or policies of AOG and/or the Distributor. Further, AOG and/or the Distributor disclaim
any responsibility to update any of those forward-looking statements or publicly announce any revisions to those
forward-looking statements to reflect future developments, events or circumstances, even if new information
becomes available or other events occur in the future.
PRIVACY POLICY
By purchasing AOG Tokens, you agree to your personal data, i.e. e-mail address and/or name, being processed by
AOG for its business purposes or the purposes of building, promoting, and communicating (about) the AOG
system and the AOG Tokens.
DISCLAIMER
The presentation of the whitepaper is with the solely for informational purpose. The participants interested in
contributing in AOG tokens and Token Sale should demand and consider the various risks prior to making any
kind of contribution decision in the Token Sale and pre Token Sale as well.
The Whitepaper does not comprise any advice by company, the directors, the investment manager or any other
person, or recommendation to any receiver, by the virtues of participation in the Token Sale.
AOG whitepaper does not necessarily identify, or claim to identify, all the risk factors connected with company.
All the participants must make their own independent evaluation, after making such investigations as they
consider essential, of the merits of participating in the Token Sale.

AOG Coin Whitepaper

Page 4

The accomplice should check with and rely upon their own contribution, accounting, legal and tax representatives
and consultants as such matters concerning company and to assess separately the financial risks, consequences and
appropriateness of an contribution in company, or if in any doubt about the facts of this presentation.
Contribution in company holds considerable risk and might involve extraordinary risks that may perhaps lead to a
loss of all or a significant portion of such contribution, unless the participants completely understand, be aware of
and accept the characteristics of the company and the possible risks inbuilt in company; they should not contribute
in company. Each one of the participant is completely in charge for ensuring that all characteristics of company
are satisfactory to them. There can be no guarantee that company’s contribution purpose will be achieved and
contribution consequences may differ considerably over time. Contribution in company is not planned to be a total
Contribution program for any contributor. All the participants with awareness should think about whether a
contribution is suitable for them, their circumstances and financial resources.
RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION
The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part thereof may be prohibited or restricted by the
laws, regulatory requirements and rules of any jurisdiction. In the case where any restriction applies, you are to
inform yourself about, and to observe, any restrictions which are applicable to your possession of this Whitepaper
or such part thereof (as the case may be) at your own expense and without liability to AOG and/or the Distributor.
Persons to whom a copy of this Whitepaper has been distributed or disseminated, provided access to or who
otherwise have the Whitepaper in their possession shall not circulate it to any other persons, reproduce or
otherwise distribute this Whitepaper or any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit
or cause the same to occur.

AOG Coin Whitepaper

Page 5

BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY
A Blockchain is a series of records known as blocks. Such blocks are continuously
growing records that are combined and secured using cryptographic technology. All
the blocks in a blockchain inherit:
1. A hash pointer as equal as a connection to its previous block: A hash function is a
mathematical algorithm that maps the data of an inconsistent size to a string (bit
string) of a rigid size; known as a hash function which is constructed to be a one way
function, which makes it impossible to alter or invert the transactions.
2. A Time Stamp: The Time Stamp keeps track of the creation time of a block.
3. Transaction Data: All data related to the transaction.
Basically, Blockchain Technology is a way for one user of the internet to transfer an
exclusive fragment of digital asset to another internet user in such a way which is
assured to be safe and protected, Every person in the world knows that the transfer
has taken place, and nobody can challenge the authority of the transfer.
Blockchains are the most secured by construction and can be stated as a distributed
computing system with High Byzantine Fault Tolerance: That means it tolerates the
class of failures known as Byzantine Generals. Therefore Decentralized Harmony is
therefore achieved with the Blockchain Technology. As a result the blockchains are
most convenient for the recording of activities such as Medical data, Events,
Government data, Identity Management, Transaction Processing, Food and other
items such as Traceability etc.
The first Distributed Blockchain that was conceptualized and implemented by Satoshi
Nakamoto back in 2008; it serves as a core component of the digital currency Bitcoin.

AOG Coin Whitepaper

Page 6

The Charity/Gaming Project
In the previous decades, relatively every nation on the planet has seen an exponential
development in the impact and exercises of non-profit driven associations.
Philanthropies have turned out to be integral to arrangement making, the
advancement of urban activity, and the conveyance of new semi open
administrations. Most present day not-for-profit associations are more universalist in
their administration conveyance and policymaking yearnings, and more
professionalized and marketed in their tasks than prior emphases established in
religious philanthropy, political developments, or grassroots group and intentional
activity. The number of charities framed after 1990 has expanded considerably. There
were just 1,440,000 social orders enlisted till the year 1970, trailed by 1,790,000
enrollments in the period 1971 to 1980, 5,520,000 enrollments in the period 1981 to
1990, 11,200,000 enlistments in the period 1991 to 2000, and upwards of 11,350,000
social orders enrolled after 2000.
Even with so many NGO’s and charities worldwide and with over 7 billion people,
why is Poverty still claiming lives? We identified the most common reasons why
willing people don’t end up donating for a great cause. Some of the top reasons for
not donating by willing individuals are listed below. AOG coin is our sincere attempt
at creating an effective, streamlined, transparent alternative mode of donation.
“I need to save for my future.”
At AOG, we don’t ask you for your hard-earned money. All we ask for is that you
download our free game on your mobile device and play in your free time. Each game
play generates funds for our pre-selected deserving charities. “Your Pass Time can be
someone’s Life Line.”
“My donation is too small”
Actually, small donations can make a far reaching difference. Basic human needs can
be met at a fraction of a cost in the developing countries as compared to those in the
developed nations.
“Poverty is too big of a problem to be solved”
While sustainable development is critical to the elimination of extreme poverty,
individual contribution plays a major role in the combat. For instance, in a country
like India £57 can put a child through school for one year.
“Poverty isn’t the problem, it’s the symptom.”
AOG Coin Whitepaper

Page 7

Extreme poverty is an after effect of numerous factors — historical and current
financial, political and social causes. In any case, the truth of the matter is that
helping individuals now decreases pointless enduring and spares lives, as well as
makes the conditions that support disposing of both extreme poverty and a large
number of the variables that look after it. Better well being empowers individuals
living in destitution to contribute considerably more to their own particular
achievement — they can work, they can go to class, they can add to their family unit
wage, and they don't take another person's chance and ability to work by requiring
care.
“Donations don’t help those who need them the most.”
There are thousands of organizations that you can choose to give to, and the process
of selecting which organization to support can feel like a daunting task. Fortunately,
we conduct extensive research in order to determine which charities will most
effectively use the money you generate to help the world’s neediest people.
“Why can’t people solve their own problems?”
The Nobel prize winning social researcher Hubert Simon assesses around 90% of
what individuals procure depends on their social capital — the spots, systems, and
openings that make up their current conditions. Without stable establishments like
productive banks, a solid police constrain, working schools and reasonable criminal
equity frameworks, it is exceptionally hard to contend on a worldwide scale.
Add to that the way that individuals in poverty are considerably more prone to be
weakened by sickness and its eventual outcomes, and you can see that their beginning
conditions are fundamentally stacked against them. All around, four out of five
individuals who are visually impaired experience the ill effects of treatable visual
deficiency — yet absence of access to treatment implies they can't work and take an
interest in social life completely because of their weakness.
Besides, individuals in underdeveloped nations need to work extremely hard just to
cover their essential needs: for instance, women all around the world work 200
million hours daily fetching safe water for their families – equivalent of building 28
Empire State Buildings daily.

AOG Coin Whitepaper

Page 8

As an answer to the above challenges,
We have created the first working Smart Contract in a way that utilizes technology to
help the under privileged whilst providing mobile gaming entertainment and
transparency to the contributors.

Download Game on
IOS or Android Phone
for FREE. NO ADS
EVER!

Play the game and
reach a predetermined score to
generate donation

SMART CONTRACT
does the calculations
and sends equivalent
AOG Tokens to the
charity Wallet.

Select the Charity of
your choice from our
pre-filtered list and
hit SEND.

Continue Game Play and
Continue your great
work! Click the
Verification Link to see
the Charity Wallet.

The model boasts the following features:
-

Every game will be such that it is easy to understand and play by people of all
demographics.

-

New games will be added every two months for enhanced gaming entertainment

-

Game updates to follow every month

-

The game will be free to download and will be available on IOS and Android
platforms.

-

There will be no In-App purchases or In-App advertisements. In other words, the
Company shall make no revenue of any kind from the Game.

-

The smart contract is written such that new charities and NGO’s can be added as
and when they apply and after their thorough selection process culminates.

AOG Coin Whitepaper

Page 9

-

The player will be given the option at the end of each game play to select which
charity/NGO/cause they would like to donate to. The generated donation from
that game play will be sent over to their selected organization.

-

Smart Contract will make calculations of game plays, generated donation and
beneficiary organizations in real time. However, the transfer of AOG tokens from
company’s wallet into the charity organization’s respective wallet shall occur
when a total of 250 AOG coins have been accumulated for donation. We believe
in getting the best bang for the buck and transferring tokens after each game play
equates to a tremendous amount of wasted ether on transaction costs when that
money could very well be utilized on saving lives.

-

For the sake of transparency, the transaction hash will be updated on the company
website as well as a link of the same will be provided on the gaming application.
Players can see that their game play is actually generating funds by verifying the
transaction hash on etherscan.io.

-

Contribution widgets will be placed on the beneficiary charity organization’s
website for even more transparency, wherever possible. Similar widgets will be
placed on the company website www.SMARTOFGIVING.com.

“How does my game play help people in need?”
$1.90 a day is where the World Bank sets the standard of extreme poverty. As of 2015, 9.6%
of the world's population falls in this category. Let's see how far your game play would go
for these people: (at the time of this writing when 1 AOG = 10 cents)
Take the bird through 20 pipes 10 times and you will have provided 1 child with micronutrient fortification for one year
Take the bird through 20 pipes 100 times and you will have donated enough to prevent 2
kids from Malaria for 3 years
Take the bird through 20 pipes 1000 times and you will have donated enough to provide 23
community members with safe drinking water for one year
Take the bird through 20 pipes 2300 times and you will have sent 1 kid through school for
an entire year where meals are served too!

AOG Coin Whitepaper

Page 10

AOG TOKEN
The AOG token is an ERC20 compatible token on the Ethereum blockchain, distributed
by The Distributor during the stages of token sale.
The AOG token will be essential for its system to function and will be independent of any
cryptocurrencies. It will be a unit of value within our system only.
There will be a total of 2.7 Billion tokens altogether. The tokens in the Public Token Sale
will facilitate the entire ecosystem, giving an instantaneous business model to various
projects. The distribution of the tokens is displayed below:

Distribution of AOG Tokens

ICO
25%

Charity & Reserves
Core Team & Founders

PRE-ICO
5%

Charity & Reserves
50%

Dev, Promotions & Marketing
PRE-ICO
ICO

Promotions 10%
Core Team
& Founders
10%

TOKEN SALE
AOG Token sale will be done in two parts, PRE-ICO and ICO. The details of the crowd
sale are as under:
PRE-ICO: (May 1st, 2018 – May 31st, 2018)
A total of 5% or 135 Million tokens will be sold in the PRE-ICO. 1 ETH = 5000 AOG

AOG Coin Whitepaper

Page 11

Preferential rates will be given to investors as follows:
ETHER
0.1 – 5
5 – 15
15 – 30
30 – 60
60 – 100
100 +

AOG
7000
8000
9000
10000
11250
12500

Any unsold tokens will be burnt at the end of the PRE-ICO.
ICO: (June 15th, 2018 – July 27th, 2018)
A total of 25% or 675 Million tokens will be sold in the ICO. 1 ETH = 5000 AOG
Preferential rates will be given to investors as follows:
ETHER
0.1 – 5
5 – 15
15 – 30
30 – 60
60 – 100
100 +

AOG
5000
5500
6000
6250
6500
7000

20% Bonus coins will be allotted to those who purchase within the first week of the ICO
10% Bonus coins will be allotted to those who purchase during the second week of the
ICO
Any unsold tokens will be burned at the end of the ICO.
AOG will begin trading on crypto currency exchanges on August 1st, 2018. The listing
price of AOG will be determined based on the market scenario and ETH and BTC prices
at that time such that the spread and bonus received by early and/or large investors will
remain in effect.

AOG Coin Whitepaper

Page 12

Launch Summary

AOG SYSTEM CRITERIA
The AOG token will be an ERC20 token on the Ethereum blockchain.
The AOG token will be the native cryptocurrency of the AOG system. Funds
collected through the token sale will be used to develop the AOG system. The value
of AOG tokens is fully dependent upon the developments of AOG and market
demand.
The AOG token does not represent or confer any ownership right or stake, share or
security or equivalent rights, voting right or any right to receive future revenue

AOG Coin Whitepaper

Page 13

shares, intellectual property rights or any other form of participation in or relating to
the AOG system, other than rights relating to the use of the platform.
AOG token is a unit of donation/payment inside a single system. According to law,
the AOG token is not a security. AOG makes no representation that the AOG token
is, or is not, a security.
AOG will work to get AOG tokens listed on several exchanges. We cannot guarantee
they will be listed, accepted to specific exchanges or, in the case where they are listed
on an exchange, remain on that exchange.

AOG Coin Whitepaper

Page 14

AOG EXCHANGE SYSTEM
CRYPTOCURRENCY MARKET ANALYSIS
Currently, the customer demands are changing and are looking to have a less time
consuming financial services to make their life easier and effortless. Due to this,
people are moving to online transactions such as Cryptocurrency Transactions as a
form of payment. Cryptocurrencies are virtual currencies that can be used by anyone
across the world for various purchases. It is a medium of exchange using
cryptography technology, so as to secure the transactions and to control the creation
of additional units of the currency to stop inflation.
Cryptocurrencies are the future revenue stream in the digital financial world.
Cryptocurrency addresses are established by using public and private keys. They are
politically neutral as they are not bound by any rules or regulations of any specific
government, exchange rates, interest rates, and country to country transaction fee,
which makes international transactions and remittances fastest and cheapest
compared to any other form of payment.
Cryptocurrency are said to be more secure than conventional financial instruments,
eliminating the chances of identity theft and other issues that currently plague fiat
based electronic payment infrastructure.
Cryptocurrency Market: Drivers and Challenges
Cryptocurrencies provide proper security, authentication, and ease of use allowing the
cryptocurrency holder to send exactly what they wish without any other identification
information which is one of the major hurdles of the market. Apart from this the
increasing online transactions over mobile phones, the cryptocurrency holder can
expect less transaction fees and faster transactions. Changing consumer and business
landscapes. have led the demand for the market growth. Other factors for the rising
online business market is the use of mobile based wallet.
Cryptocurrency Market:
Segmentation:
The Cryptocurrency market can be segmented on the basis of end-user, Such End
users may be sectors such as retail, media & entertainment, gaming, healthcare, travel
& tourism, transportation & logistics sector and education. On the basis of a
worldwide region, the cryptocurrency market is believed to be decentralized, that
means it covers all the areas of the world connected to the internet.
Regional Outlook:
North America and Europe market is in advanced stage of adoption of
Cryptocurrency. However, the Asia Pacific and MEA are expected to the emerging
AOG Coin Whitepaper

Page 15

regions. In the places like India and Africa, the popularity and the usage of various
cryptocurrencies are expected to increase gradually in the coming years.
Key Market Exchanges:
Some of the leading players of Cryptocurrency exchanges are: Binance, Poloniex,
LocalBitcoins, Cex.io, Kraken, Coinmama, Bitfinex, Yobit, Bitstamp, Bitsquare,
GDAX, etc. However, there are a lot of new players entering the market as it holds
huge business opportunities.

ECONOMICAL ASPECTS
A number of internet based digital currency platforms based on decentralized public
ledger have come into the picture since the inception of Bitcoin in 2008. An essential
aspect of these public ledger platforms is an incentive system that brings out efforts
from a distributed global workforce to authenticate and record transactions on the
public ledger and a governance system for the platform. The mechanics of being able
to transfer an entry from one person to another are based on advances in cryptology
that use open-architecture algorithms to convert one string of data into another.
Although the formulas by which the output is calculated are totally open and public, it
is essentially infeasible to do the operation in reverse. Cryptocurrencies has two
potential advantages over credit cards and other payment method for providing such
liquidity services. The supporting network only needs to verify that the private code is
valid, which is cheaper than verifying the rightful owner of a credit card or a check
slip. With a conventional credit card, pay slip etc. the merchant needs to pay the card
company or the bank a significant fee for the transaction which in an economic sense
results from that high cost of verifying everybody‘s compliance. This is the reason
why many merchants are embracing Cryptocurrencies.
These public ledger platforms generally have the following features.
Internet-based:
Cryptocurrencies rely on the Internet as the physical network for sending and
receiving currency. That is different from most payment platforms, such as Visa,
which typically rely on private secure communication networks.
Public Ledger Protocol:
Cryptocurrencies have a protocol for sending, receiving and recording value. The
protocol is based on a public ledger that uses cryptographic methods to secure the
values that are sent and received and provides a public record of transactions. The
AOG Coin Whitepaper

Page 16

operation of the public ledger is decentralized. A collective pool of Individuals verify
and record transactions. The valid public ledger is essentially a consensus among
these individuals. This public ledger is called the blockchain and is widely recognized
as the key disruptive innovation.
Container for Value:
There is container that is used to carry value on the public ledger. The container is
used to send and receive value. The container is usually called a „coin“ or „token“
which suggests that it is intended to be a currency or store of value.
Incentive Scheme for Labor Force:
There is an incentive scheme for the effort and contribution of resources for people to
conduct various record-keeping and verification activities to maintain the public
ledger. At this stage, the public-ledgers for digital currencies are intensive in labor
and computer processing time. The incentive scheme provides a reward to people for
providing labor, computing power, and other resources.
Open Source Licensing Model:
There is a licensing model to enable people to make changes to the software for the
platform. Typically, public ledger currency platforms use one of the standard opensource licenses so that people can use the software underlying the public ledger and
make changes to it.
Platform Governance System:
There is a governance system to determine key operating principles for the platform,
to adopt changes to the protocol and other add features to the software, and to drive
the evolution of the platform.
The AOG Wallet will be stacked with features like:
1. AOG Wallet will be an Open Source Wallet.
2. It can be accessed on Mobile platforms like on iPhone, Android devices as well as
on the Desktop by any Web browser.
3. Our Wallet is decentralized and thus all of the user‘s information will be safe and
protected on our servers, therefore, AOG will provide a highly secured free
Wallet platform.
4. AOG Wallet will support Cryptocurrencies like Bitcoins, Ripple, Litecoin and
Ethereum.
5. Saving Securely: AOG Wallet users can safeguard their assets in the form of
digital currencies, and over a time, can even earn a considerable amount of profit
for it.
6. Global Approach: AOG Wallet allows users to accept and transfer around the
globe, and exchange with their local fiat currencies.
AOG Coin Whitepaper

Page 17

7. Personal Control: The AOG Wallet permits the user to have full access over their
private keys, thus making it a trustworthy and user-friendly wallet.
AOG Exchange shall allow users to buy, sell, send, receive, and manage crypto
contributions. The AOG crypto exchange platform will be launched in the upcoming
year i.e. January, 2019. As a result of the recent trends of cryptocurrencies, AOG will
permit the users to trade in major cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple,
Litecoin, and AOG. Further, to enhance our services, AOG can start to support other
cryptocurrencies as well.
The key differentiator of AOG Exchange will be that 30% of the total collected
brokerage fees will be donated. Users currently pay an average of 0.15% of the
transaction value as brokerage fees to existing crypto exchanges every time they
purchase crypto currencies and another 0.15% of the transaction value when they sell.
At AOG exchange, 30% of these fees will be passed on to qualifying charity
organizations.

RISKS
AOG platform users should carefully read all the information, understand and analyze
the risk related factors, before deciding to participate in the contribution and purchase
of AOG tokens.
The purchase and any other acquisition of AOG tokens carries with it significant risk.
Prior to participation, carefully consider the potential risks and, to the extent
necessary, consult a lawyer, accountant, and/or tax professional to evaluate the risk
entailed. Do not over commit. We make no promises of possible gains or returns. You
can potentially lose all your money if the market price drops to zero. AOG tokens are
ERC20 tokens on the Ethereum blockchain. You must access and use them using an
ERC20-compliant wallet. It is your responsibility to not lose your tokens.
This is early-stage project finance. The team is unproven. The market is
unpredictable. It is possible that even if the sale threshold is met, funds won’t be
sufficient to feasibly develop the AOG system or there could be enough execution
error to cause the project to fail. By holding AOG’s token, the acquirer acknowledges
that he/she understands that while every effort will be made to execute AOG’s vision
for the AOG system, it is possible that it will never be realized.
Cryptocurrencies and project financing through cryptocurrencies have been the
subject of regulatory scrutiny by various regulatory bodies around the world. AOG
and the AOG project may need to change their operations to comply with applicable
regulation, and they may become subject to licensing requirements. AOG tokens
AOG Coin Whitepaper

Page 18

could be impacted by one or more regulatory actions or regulatory enforcement,
which could impede or limit the ability to continue to develop the AOG system. This
uncertainty significantly adds up to risks connected with the acquisition and use of
AOG tokens. AOG will make every effort to adopt its practices to accommodate
regulatory needs and changes as they occur.
The field of digital cryptography is very new and for this reason there is a risk of
unforeseen attacks on several or all parts of the AOG system.
Owing to the market prospective, holding and purchasing AOG tokens can be a risky
and speculative contribution. By purchasing, holding and using AOG Tokens, the
user, contributor or anyone holding the token clearly recognize and presume the risks
which are likely to be:
1. Risk of losing access to AOG Tokens due to loss of Private keys, or any kind of
custodial or purchaser errors.
2. The user needs to have a private key, or a combination of private keys, which is
necessary to control and dispose of AOG Tokens stored in your digital wallet.
3. Because of Owing to the market risks and unprecedented nature of the crypto
world, the contributions can become zero.
4. The funds raised in the token generation event are exposed to risks of theft.
5. AOG can be significantly and unfavorably affected, if it fails to efficiently
administer its procedures, as its business builds up and progresses, which would
have a straight blow on its capability to maintain the AOG platform or even to
launch any other future platforms.
6. Risks arising from lack of governance rights or any changes made to put
restrictions over the cryptocurrency utilization.
7. Risk of mining attacks, uninsured losses, from taxation, uncertain regulations and
enforcement actions, associated with markets for AOG tokens etc.
8. Risks arising from dissolution of the company, unfavorable fluctuation of Bitcoin,
Ether values, hacking, cyberattacks and security weaknesses
9. Risks associated with the Ethereum protocol, because AOG tokens and the
Platform are based on the Ethereum protocol, any malfunction, breakdown or
abandonment of the Ethereum protocol may have an adverse effect on the
platform or AOG Tokens.
10. General global market and economic conditions may have an adverse impact on
AOG’s operating performance, results of operations, and cash flows.
11. Contributing in AOG’s Pre Token Sale and Token Sale can be risky because of
the uncertainties in the initial stages.
12. AOG token holders can lose their contributions if owing to the AOG tokens falls
to zero, by any means of market forces.
AOG Coin Whitepaper

Page 19

13. The risks related to the Token Sale contributions should be carefully analysed,
and speculated correctly, so as to avoid any hassles after or during the Token Sale
stages.

FINAL PROVISIONS
AOG will cooperate with all law enforcement inquiries, subpoenas, or requests
provided they are in congruence with law.
AOG reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at
any time during the sale and afterward by posting the amended terms on the AOG
project website (www.SMARTOFGIVING.com, referred to as the website“), as well
as making a public announcement. The revised version will be effective at the time
AOG posts it on the website unless indicated otherwise. Nonetheless, AOG will
provide 7 working day notice of any substantial changes.
If any term, clause or provision of these Terms is held unlawful, void or
unenforceable, then that term, clause or provision will be severable from these Terms
and will not affect the validity or enforceability of any remaining part of that term,
clause or provision, or any other term, clause or provision of these Terms. The
company may, at its sole discretion, assign its rights and/or delegate its duties under
this contract.
You may not assign your rights or delegate your duties, and any assignment or
delegation without the written consent of the company, which the company may
withhold at its sole discretion.
By acquiring AOG tokens, you confirm that, to the extent permitted by law, you are
authorized to acquire the tokens and accept to be bound by these terms in your
relevant jurisdiction.

AOG Coin Whitepaper

Page 20

