Contents
0. Abstract

1. Introduction and Problem Statement
2. What is a Masternode
2.1 Definition

02
02

2.2 Proof-of-Work(POW) and Proof-of-Stake(POS)
2.3 Masternode using POS method

2.4 Advantages and Limitations of a Masternode
2.4.1 Masternode’s Advantages
2.4.2 Masternode’s Limitations
2.5 Opportunities

3. The APIS Masternode Platform
3.1 Business Model

05

3.2 Platform Overview

3.3 Platform Configuration
3.3.1 Masternode Core
3.3.2 Masternode Hub
3.3.3 APIS Core

3.4 Platform Accessibility and Security
3.5 Platform Operating System
3.5.1 How to get an APIS coin
3.5.2 The APIS Core -PC

3.5.3 The APIS Core – Mobile
3.5.4 Reward Distribution
3.5.5 APIS Coin

3.5.5.1 APIS Specifications
3.5.5.2 Features of APIS

3.5.5.3 Benefits for APIS Users

3.5..5 APIS Vision and Platform Scalability

4. Token Sale

4.1 Private Offering Stage

18

4.2 Pre-sale Stage

4.3 Crowd Sale Stage

5. Budget Allocation

20

7. Disclaimer

21

6. Roadmap

20

0. Abstract

characteristic of a masternode is that in a masternode and

familiarize the term “masternode” to a larger range of

the specific masternode cryptocurrency. The yield varies

The APIS is building a “Masternode Platform” to

people and let them enjoy the advantages and benefits of

a masternode. This paper is intended to give an overview

of our approach in attaining this goal from explaining the
concept of a masternode to elucidating how we will make
this unfamiliar concept known to wider variety of people.
1. Introduction and Problem Statement

The APIS is a masternode platform that enables the

entire spectrum of users to have easy access to the two-

tier incentivized network, also known as the “Masternode

receive masternoding reward periodically, in the form of
primarily according to the masternode count and each

coin might have different payout periods. This makes

masternode a means to receive periodice reward from
cryptocurrencies without having to run expensive mining
equipment or having to actively trade in exchanges. To

create a masternode, a user only needs to lock in a specific

amount of coin. Users can then either set up a server to
host the masternode or ask a service provider to do so on
their behalf.

Network”. Masternodes refer to nodes in the cryptocurrency

2.2. Proof-of-Work(POW) and Proof-of-Stake(POS)

relaying transactions (Its definition will be further

POW (Proof-of-Work) and POS (Proof-of-Stake). POW is a

most distinctive feature is that Anyone running masternode

blocks one can find for more coins. There is also the

market that fulfill a specific function beyond simply

developed in the paragraphs to follow). A masternode’s
can get masternoding reward periodically just by locking

up their cryptocurrency in the masternode. However,

despite its attractive characteristic, hosting a masternode
is quite out of reach for most individuals since most

masternodes require substantial capital and intricate
software engineering to set up.

By aiding these average individuals come together to

form a whole masternode, we will be able to encourage

more people to participate in masternoding as well as
provide them with a much safer masternoding channel

rather than the exchange market without adequate
knowledge.

2. What is a Masternode?

Coin mining can be divided into two different methods:

system in which the higher the hash reserve is, the more
concept of “difficulty” in order to keep the block-generation
time constant. The difficulty increases as the total hash

increases and more hashes are required for finding

more blocks along with the increased difficulty, which

consequently leads the block generation time to remain
constant. However, this POW method has some limitations.
On the economic side, there are cost problems such as

high electricity consumption, high costs of expensive
mining equipment (ASIC, GPU, etc) and their maintenance,
as well as security and centralization issues regarding hash
monopolization. For most coins, the POW method had

been chosen in the past and the most typical examples are
Bitcoin, Litecoin and Ethereum.

POS is a method designed to solve the biggest

2.1. Definition

drawbacks of POW, namely security issues caused by

network that relay transactions and sometimes also

equipment and their maintenance. For POS, the higher the

Masternodes are “servers” in the cryptocurrencies

process other specific functions. The most distinctive
2

hash monopolization and high cost for the purchase of
stake proportion for the entire coin supply, the higher the

acquisition amount for the additional coins issued. In other

words, the role of “hash” in the POW method is equivalent
to the role of “stake” in the POS method. In addition, the

POS method can also achieve strong security just by linking
multiple wallets that keep coins inside. In recent years,

MEME

USD

Coin

Monthly Reward

940.30

709.674

Yealy Reward

11,440

8634.367

ROI(Annual)

57.56%

coins based on the POS method have been increasing and

KORE

POS method. Ethereum is a perfect example of this.

Monthly Reward

50.322

11.91

Yealy Reward

612.26

144.905

existing coins are also changing from the POW method to

2.3. Masternode using POS method

Masternodes include mining through the POS method. In

ROI(Annual)

USD

Coin

28.98%

A masternode has their own ROI. High ROI signifies that

the case of mining, block generation time varies according

the masternoding was successful and cost-efficient. In

according to the number of masternodes formed in the

efficiency.

to mining difficulty, and the mining output also changes

blockchain. In general, masternode coins are hybrid in the

other words, ROI is a financial term used to measure the

sense that they consist of both POW and POS methods.

They will follow the POW method up to a specific block and
subsequently change to the POS method after that.

2.4. Advantages and Limitations of a Masternode
2.4.1. Masternode’s Advantages
PIVX

USD

Coin

Monthly Reward

217.80

10.7422

Yealy Reward

2,649.98

560.129

ROI(Annual)
DASH

5.60%
USD

Coin

Monthly Reward

5,339.98

6.753

Yealy Reward

64,969.78

82.1615

ROI(Annual)

8.22%

* As of December 12, 2017

3

2.4.2. Masternode’s Limitations
Coin / detail

Amount of money/coins required for the formation of each masternode

SIBcoin (SIB)

Dash (DASH)
Chaincoin (CHC)

Price

Change

Volume

Marketcap

8.42%

Nodes

7,484

# required

1,000

$2,489.75

$761.456 -0.05% $179,460,000.00 $5,889,854,116.00 8.63%

4,085

1,000

$761,456.00

$7,208,127.00 54.77%

2,356

1,000

$509.48

$237,427.00 $26,301,331.00 40.41%

2,229

500

$807.53

2,115

10,000

$53,692.00

1,684

1,000

$53.42

$2.4898 25.14% $5,777,790.000 $39,699,846.00
$0.5095 43.45%

$98,033.00

ROI

Mn Worth

Crown SN (CRW-SN) $1.6151

8.92%

PIVX (PIVX)

$5.3692

1.71% $4.156,010.00 $295,627,784.00 5.75%

ArcticCoin(ARC)

$0.0534 -4.25%

PURA (PURA)

$0.6333

8.23%

$593,478.00 $108,903,009.00 1.93%

1,022

100,000

$63,330.80

Crown (CRW)

$1.6151

8.92%

$237,427.00 $26,301,331.00 23.00%

979

10,000

$16,150.50

$26,568.70

$1,312,748.00 18.05%

MonacoCoin (XMCC) $0.5255 75.60%

$18,237.40

$1,379,848.00 66.78%

763

1,000

$525.49

Innova (INN)

$86,670.80

$3,647,433.00 374.51%

614

1,000

$4,142.51

$4.1425 -0.52%

▲ source : http://masternodes.online

However, the problem that most people face when forming a masternode is that in order to form a masternode, there

is a minimum number of coins that participants need to possess, which often exceeds the capacity of most ordinary

participants. For example, the minimum amount required to form a DASH masternode is 1,000 DASH coins (equivalent
to USD 760,000). Another example is STRATIS coin, which requires 25,000 coins (equivalent to USD 1,700,000) to form a
masternode.

System build-up and maintenance that require professional knowledge is another problem that deters most small

participants. For example, a well-known masternode coin, DASH, requires both 1,000 DASH coins to form a single
masternode and 24 hours of non-stop servers and related programs for periodic operation.
2.5. Opportunities

Bitcoin volatility means “more regulation” of cryptocurrency is on the way. As can be inferred from the graph above,

Bitcoin's price volatility outstrips all other assets. High volatility implies high risk and this is the main reason why many
people regard in cryptocurrency as “speculation”, thus bringing about various regulation. This misconception has become
an obstacle to the development of cryptocurrency, in a further sense, blockchain.

However, with the introduction of masternoding, ordinary participants can now minimize their risk taking and still

generate sizable earnings. Moreover, now that many participants are seeking to find a reliable place, and it is high time that
we start focusing more on masternode platforms rather than existing exchange markets.
4

Scope / content

Country

Addition information

China

Banks and payment systems prohibited from dealing in bitcoins. Individuals free to trade.

Russia

Bitcoins cannot be used by citizens legal entities.

Iceland

Foreign exchange activities with Bitcoin illegal.

Prohibition df ATMs

Taiwan

Approval For bitcoin ATMs refused.

Protection from
money Laundering &
illicit activities
financing

Singapore

Finacial intermediaries to verufy the indentities of their customers and report suspicious
transaction.

USA

Bitcoin exchanges and most miners obliged to collect information on potentially suspicius
transactions and report these to the federal government

USA

The sale, exchange or use of Bitcoin for payment in a real-world economy transaction may
result in tax liability.

Japan

The tax will cover gains from trading Bitcoin, purchases made with Bitcoin and revenues
from transctions. Banks and securities firms will be prohibites from Bitcoin trades.

Finland

Rules on taxation of capital gains apply when profits are made from transfer to another
currency. increase in value in Bitcoin after it was obtained as payment is also taxable.

Germany

Profits from mining or trading subject to capital gains tax unless hoarded for at least one year.

Prohibition

Taxing Bitcoin

3. The APIS Masternode Platform
3.1. Business Model

Cryptocurrency, which has emerged with the development of blockchain that opened up with the Fourth Industrial

Revolution, is characterized by decentralization, anonymity, and reliability and is now attracting new participants from
various fields. Nevertheless, large price fluctuation is making cryptocurrency seem “speculative” and is raising fears of
becoming a social problem.

The APIS Masternode Platform will provide both participants with a cyclic reward with minimized risk and the

market with reliability, accessibility and and reduced volatility. Ultimately, APIS aims to become the first key currency of

masternode coins.

3.2. Platform Overview

The APIS Platform (also called “The APIS Core”) is a Ethereum public-chain based masternode platform that aims to

help individual and corporate users participate in desired masternodes easily and effectively. It supports both PC (personal

computer) and mobile devices, thereby providing users with the chance to make periodic reward and enjoy more

cryptocurrency’s benefits conveniently. This section explains the importance of the APIS Core along with the usefulness
and innovativeness of its official coin “APIS”, named after the ancient Egyptian bull deity.

5

In the case of existing masternode coins such as DASH, MEME and others, not only maintaining a certain amount of

coins on the software wallet but also implementing them on a Linux server that can be operated 24 hours stably is also
very crucial. However, these conditions are problematic for most people as they are not familiar with IT and resolving

maintenance problems inherent in hardware management, software update and security assurance. One purpose of our
platform is to deal with such inconveniences and let non-professional participants who wish to form a masternode take

part just by becoming a member of the APIS Platform without having to consider any of the annoying complications such
as hardware or software manipulation.
3.3. Platform Configuration
3.3.1. Masternode Core

A masternode core is a distributed database consisting of cutting-edge encryption technology to manage APIS

Masternode user reports, shares and trading records on the platform. Individual participants’ wallet information is securely
stored in the form of a Ethereum-based blockchain that also ensures system stability and asset protection through

systemic data backup and restoration. Masternode information that is already incorporated on the platform will be
accessible in the future through API and SDK that will be provided and all data communication will be encrypted as well.
Through this process, we can strengthen the scalability of the APIS platform.

6

3.3.2. Masternode Hub

Masternode Hub composes and manages various coins such as DASH, MEME and BTDX's masternodes systematically.

When a masternode is newly formed from user participation, the masternode hub automatically creates VPS (Virtual
Private Server) for each masternode, prepares required up-to-date software and operates the masternode by depositing

designated amount of cryptocurrency in the wallet through the masternode core. All processes are carried out

automatically and the users are informed with a push-message every time there is progress in the procedure such as the
building of VPS, installation of software and creation of wallet.

Masternode Hub constantly reports rewards obtained from the running of each masternode to the masternode core

and allows them to clearly track their rewards through the APIS Core. Masternode Hub's hardware operates 24 hours by
our highly-experienced management team.
3.3.3. APIS Core

APIS Core manages user information as well as APIS assets and provides all core functions that correlate with the

masternode core. APIS Core is an EVM (Ethereum Virtual Machine)-based blockchain program that can be connected with

various platforms such as Ethereum or Qtum and it makes use of POS methods. APIS Core supports multiple Operating
Systems (OS) such as Windows, Linux, Mac, Android and iOS.
3.4. Platform Accessibility and Security

Distributed Network of APIS

Distributed Denial of Service(DDoS) attacks aimed at cryptocurrency are increasing these days. Cryptocurrency network

at its incipient stage is very vulnerable to attacks owing to its small number of nodes. Moreover, if nodes consisting a

network are regionally concentrated or disproportionately dispersed, there is a high chance that the transaction signals
might decrease in their efficiency.

In order to prevent this from happening, we will distribute our networks and evenly provide signals to different places.

For this purpose, APIS will build its system servers all around the world distributed and these servers will be located in
main IDCs worldwide, operating multiple servers.

7

3.5. Platform Operating System

When users transfer other cryptocurrency(such as Bitcoin or Ethereum) to the APIS Core, they receive APIS coins of the
same value converted, which means all transactions on this platform are carried out in APIS coinage and are ready for
participating in desired masternodes through a function in the APIS Core.

Once the masternoding terminates, participant can receive their rewards according to their share/contribution. 5% of

the company’s reward generated from the APIS masternode platform will be donated to related foundations of blockchain
programming and development to improve current poor development condition.

8

3.5.1. How to get an APIS coin

a) APIS coin can be purchased at other exchange platforms(to be listed)

b) APIS coin can be purchased in the APIS Core by sending other cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin
and Ethereum to the APIS

(Wallet in the APIS Core(Cryptocurrencies sent will be automatically converted to APIS of equal value)

c) APIS coin can be purchased in our webpage using Paypal or other cryptocurrencies.

9

3.5.2. The APIS Core -PC

The APIS core is a proprietary program that supports masternoding to various cryptocurrencies, participating in the APIS

masternode, APIS coin charges, APIS coin deposit and APIS coin withdrawal.

The role of the "masternode selection" function is to let users identify the conditions of a certain masternode such as

ROI, technology and price needed to form its masternode. Once the user selects a masternode to run from the list in the
APIS Core, the user can send any amount of APIS coins to the desired masternode.

Example) Kevin wants to form a DASH masternode, but he can only afford 100 DASH coins whereas the minimum number

of DASH coins needed to form a DASH masternode is 1,000. Kevin is aware that he can use the APIS Core to form a DASH

masternode with only 100 DASH coins. Once the designated time for masternoding ends, Kevin will receive 1/10 of the
total reward gained, which includes both principal and the total reward gained.

10

3.5.3. The APIS Core - Mobile

MAIN

A. My Account
- Shows Total APIS, APIS Available, APIS in Installment
B. Masternode
- Used when checking and joining masternode installment products
C. Deposit
- Used for depositing APIS coin
D. Withdrawal
- Used for transferring APIS to other accounts or platforms
E. My Activities
- Displays all the activities conducted by the user

My Account

A. APIS Logo
B. APIS Balance
- ‘APIS Core’, namely, shows the total amount of APIS in APIS Wallet,
APIS available and APIS in installment
C. My ID Number
- Show the user’s serial number
D. Deposit
- Used for depositing APIS in APIS core. Upon clicking, connects
to the
internet browser. The user gets to transfer cryptocurrency to
our APIS
Wallet (“My ID No.” required)
E. Withdrawal
- Used for transferring own APIS to other accounts or platforms

1) Deposit

5,564,366
5,564,366

30,000

A. Recipient’s Information
-User gets to select the currency he/she wants to send
-Deposit address generated according to the currency that
the user intends to send
B. Deposit Details
-Sender’s Serial Number
-Amount of currency to deposit
-Desired deposit amount will be automatically converted to
APIS value real-time
-Transfer the currency to our company’s wallet and submit
a form with user’s serial number on it

2) Withdrawal

A. Total APIS
-Total APIS including the ones in installment
B. Withdrawable APIS
-Usable APIS excluding the ones in installment
C. Recipient’s Address
-Write down the recipient’s APIS blockchain address
D. Withdrawal Amount
-Amount to be withdrawn(in APIS)

11

Masternode

A. Status Board
- Shows all the POS-based and ongoing masternode products
- Shows each masternode coin’s information such as reward rate,
minimum APIS required to form a masternode and installment period
- If any of the coins seems reasonable, then one can ‘select’ and start
on the installment
B. Registered Product
- Lists all the masternode products that the user currently is registered in
- By clicking on the product names, the user can see the details
real-time

Status Board Example

A. Lists all the coins that are available for masternode installment
B. Lists information such as coin’s name/current price/minimum
requirement/installment period

1) Registered Masternode

A. Ongoing
- Products that the user is now in and is currently ongoing
- Shows details such as installment time left and reward
B. Completed
- Lists the ones that the user had participated and are
completed

2) My Activities

A. Masternode
- Shows all the masternode products that the user had
participated in
B. Deposit/Withdrawal records
-Shows all the deposit/withdrawal records of the user

12

3.5.4. Reward Distribution

If the user chooses to receive the reward in the form of the paritcular coin they participated, a small fee applies.
Conversely, if the user chooses to receive the reward in APIS, there will be no fee charged.

3.5.5. APIS Coin
3.5.5.1. APIS Specifications
Types

BTC

ETH

APIS

Decentralization

Middle

Low

High

Stability

Middle

Middle

High

Transaction Fee

0.0005 BTC

0.01 ETH

0.005 APIS

Method

POW

POW

POS

Governance Model

Distributes Opensource
governance

Centralized opensource
governance

Decentralized Opensource
governance

Coins Issued

About 16.5 milion

About 96 milion

9.52 bilion

- Total amount of coins issued : 9,520,000,000
- Block Time : 120 seconds

- BLock Reward : Decrease by 11.37% per year

- Minimum Number of APIS needed to form its masternode : 50,000APIS
- Anonymity : Kept through “APIS Private Send”

13

3.5.5.2. Features of APIS
1) Atomic Swap

If Rachel and Jack had both their Litecoin and Bitcoin

A technology scheduled to be applied in Q4 2018,

channels open with Robert, they would have been able

two different coins operated on separate blockchains.

If Rachel sends 200 Litecoins to Robert, then Robert

Atomic Swap refers to the direct transaction between
The distinguishing trait of this technology is that there
is no third-person or party involved in the middle. Once

applied, it will make it greatly easier for users to buy
cryptocurrencies, as no further complicated maneuvering

of any kind is required. Once commercialized, users will

be able to buy coins directly from their wallets without
having to go through separate platforms. In the APIS
platform, we are planning to apply this technology in
masternode formation in the sense that users’ APIS will be
automatically converted to specific coins that they want to
participate in through Atomic Swap.

2) Lightning Network

Just like Atomic Swap, Lightning Network is also a

technology that makes use of "hash time lock contract".

to exchange their coins via this platform called "Robert".

transmits these directly to Jack. Similarly, the 1 Bitcoin that
Jack sends to Robert will be forwarded directly to Rachel.

These transactions are also made possible through hash
time lock contracts and Robert in this case, functions as an

altcoin exchanger that does not require any degree or form
of trust between the two entities involved. Robert's role in
this case, is what our masternode platform, the APIS Core,
would undertake.

However, in order for the successful launch of lightning

network, we first have to deal with service DoS problems.
Even though Lightning Network itself is already devised to
deter malicious individuals from stealing coins, someone

in the middle (Robert in the case above) can postpone or

block the transaction. Such concerns can be resolved

The only difference between the two is that when Atomic

by closing out channels with uncooperative participants.

each payment channel.

channels open can be ruled out, taking part in service DoS

Swap connects blockchains, Lightning Network connects
If A and B have a payment channel and B and C have a

payment channel, A and C can trade through B even if A

does not trust C personally. For example, Rachel, who only

By doing so, uncooperative participants that still want
attacks.

However, in order to ensure that all the uncooperative

has 1 Litecoin intends to buy Jack's car that Jack labeled

channels are closed and attackers ruled out, each

a Litecoin channel open, and Jack already has a Bitcoin

monitor all the participants. There is also the problem

"1 Bitcoin" as the price. Rachel and Robert already have
channel open with Robert. Rachel sends 200 Litecoins

to Robert and Robert sends 1 Bitcoin to Jack. All these

transactions are carried out by hash time lock contracts
and Robert functions as the payment conduit that does

not require trust between Rachel and Robert in these
transactions.

14

participant in the payment chain should be able to

of six individuals having to keep track of transactions
with Litecoin, even if only 2 people in the chain use a

Litecoin channel, in order to prevent possible blockage
of the channel. This problem, however, can also be easily
resolved if our platform performs the role of middleman.

3.5.5.3. Benefits for APIS Users

We are aiming for a differentiated operating policy from existing masternode coins. In the case of APIS, we adopt a

hierarchical operation system by differentiating rewarding rates according to the amount of masternoding volume made in

the APIS masternode. Moreover, by applying Parallel Masternodes Technology, POS Algorithm, we will realize 1 PC - Multi
Masternodes, but not 1 PC - 1 Masternode.

Grade

No. of APIS

Bounce

2 (Major)

200,000

+5%

3 (Private)

500,000

+20%

1 (General)

50,000

3.5.5.4. APIS Vision and Platform Scalability

The ultimate goal of APIS is to “lower the entry barrier of

cryptocurrency for everybody to join”. In order to make this

N/A

ever yday users. A s a result, deployed smart
contracts are hardly user friendly, if usable at all.

Smart contract end-users are also forced to utilize

possible, we will start by achieving the followings:

the user interface provided by the core program of the

1) Smart Contract on Canvas

so a smart contract may have more than one correct

As bitcoin’s simple script is evolving into smart

contract with Ethereum, the use of cryptocurrency is also
expanding into various areas including ICO funding, token
issuance, identity verification, and cloud storage service.

However, most “smart contracts” are not so

smart; they are heavily developer focused and

often neglect much needed user interface for

respective cryptocurrency or web-based application,
use case, which could further confuse its already
perplexed users. As a result, users often have to refer
to technical manual for the smart contract they are

using or get help from experienced individuals. This is
counterintuitive to the whole concept of smart contract,

which is to make cryptocurrency accessible to many users.

APIS plans to solve this problem by

15

implementing so-called “smart contract on canvas.”

masking” concept to the reality for this particular reason.

UI elements(the canvas)written in HTML when they

a simplified address that gets rerouted to their original

Canvas consists of a single HTML file and can include

of a name identifier, @, and a domain name. Such

Smart Contract made smarter Developers can register

deploy their coded smart contract on the blockchain.
CSS, javascript, and image. Javascript code included in
the contract can be obfuscated, but it is recommended

that obfuscation is not conducted in order to provide

transparent data processing mechanism to the contract

Through the APIS core program, anyone can register

hexadecimal address. The simplified address consists
easily identifiable, simplified address can increase

user recognition of each address and resolve issues
arising from sending and receiving complex address.

To prevent uncontrolled creation of address and

users. Image files can be registered to the document

their abuse by random individuals, public use

implemented in javascript can be called within a canvas.

are distinguished. Open domain addresses that

through Base64 encoding. SmartContracts element

The HTML file that functions as canvas cannot be

saved on the blockchain, so developers must provide an
environment in which canvas files can be accessed through

web addresses. Theses addresses could be allocated
through creation of CanvasLocation variable within the

addresses and authorization-requiring addresses
may be owned by any individual are limited to the

following, but can be added through user requests:

Me(personal wallet), edu(educational facility),

com(company), org(organization and group)

The owner of a domain has the authority to mask

smart contract. In addition, the entire canvas code must

the given address and can transfer that authority to

variable in its respective smart contract to prevent

of a masked address can also change the original

be hashed with Keccak-256 and saved on the CanvasHash

secretive, unannounced changes. Through these measures,
applications can decide on the existence of a canvas,
organized a GUI, and verify immutability of the canvas used.
2) Address Masking

The use of Public and Private Key in cryptocurrency

is innovative in the security perspective, but the actual
written addresses such as hexadecimal address is

near impossible to use without copy and pasting, not

another person through ownership validation. Owner

wallet address linked to that masked address through
ownership validation in the form of a wallet private key.

In case of a dispute regarding a masked address
or a domain, their ownership may be changed or

even terminated in accordance with the decisions
made by the countr y-le vel settling authority.

In order to deter uncontrolled address creation, there will
be a certain fee associated with masking an address.

to mention memorizing. It’s not an overstatement to

3) Mineral System

priorities when cryptocurrency addresses were developed.

small fee for using the resources required for transfer of the

complex address such as the ones used now must also be

to the node creating a new block as block reward, thereby

say that user convenience was not among the highest
For blockchain technology to go mainstream, however,

simplified like phone numbers or email addresses in order
to be used by the masses. APIS aims to bring “address

16

Most cryptocurrencies present in the market today has a

currency or smart contract initiation. This fee is provided

giving incentive to people running nodes to continue running
them. However, most cryptocurrency users are seldom

involved with block rewards, so the fee typically comes off as

a burden of cryptocurrency use, not advantage. Although the
fee is small, each and every transaction necessitates a fee. This
is rather cumbersome and inefficient, particularly in countries

where domestic bank wire to the same bank does not require a
fee. Cryptocurrency use fees may therefore be a major barrier to
entry for people who wish to use the currency in a daily basis.

APIS aims to improve this fee system by introducing the

Mineral system. To use smart contract on APIS or transfer APIS

to another wallet, a separate currency called Mineral must be
used. APIS users may purchase Mineral through APIS whenever

required, and the APIS tokens spent on such transactions will be
distributed as block rewards. Mineral could also be obtained as

reward to APIS tokens placed in a personal wallet. Mineral will

be distributed proportional to the amount of APIS tokens held
in the wallet. The upper limit of Minerals receivable as reward

can also be adjusted depending on the level of contributions

a wallet has made to APIS network(such as APIS transactions),
so the most active APIS user can receive the most Minerals.

Of note, Minerals can only be used as transaction fees;

they cannot be sent to another wallet or user and cannot

be exchanged into APIS. Mineral still provides almost no-fee

environment to active APIS users, so a significant increase in
user transactions is expected as users attempt to minimize
their fees. Mineral system will therefore help real-world use of
APIS ecosystem.means a greater “fee” for them. To improve this
disincentive, APIS will do the following.

1) Mineral will automatically accumulate according to the
amount of APIS stored in the wallet.

2) Mineral can be purchased with APIS, but Mineral cannot
be converted to APIS.

3) Mineral cannot be sent to other addresses, but can only be
created and burned.

By creating this new Mineral system, we intend to contribute

to the popularization of the cryptocurrency market by enabling
faithful users of APIS to carry out several transactions without
any fee.

17

4. Token Sale

Our APIS Token Sale amount this time is 5,236,000,000 APIS, which is 55% of the total APIS valued at 1,000,000 QTUM.

35% of APIS shareholding(equivalent to 45% of total APIS) will be locked-up for an year after listing and 10% will be used
as liquid asset. All stage's unsold token will be burned. Our sale this time will be divided into 3 main stages.
4.1. Private Offering Stage

Coins Allocated : 1,380,000,000 APIS / 240,000 QTUM

Many leaders in related fields, companies and angel investors contributed to the establishment and development of the

APIS platform. In return, we are providing a bonus of 15%. In other words, 1QTUM = 5,750 APIS Total capitalization for this
stage is 240,000 QTUM.

All the APIS tokens sold in Private Sale will be locked up for 3months after listing.

4.2. Pre-sale Stage

Coins Allocated : 756,000,000 APIS / 140,000 QTUM

As a means of appreciation for APIS early investors, we are planning to sell APIS through Qtum Smart Contract before the

actual crowd sale begins. There will be a 8% bonus given.
1QTUM = 5,400 APIS

Total capitalization for this stage is 140,000 QTUM.
4.3. Crowd Sale Stage

Coins Allocated : 3,100,000,000 APIS / 620,000 QTUM

In this stage, we are planning to sell APIS through Ethereum/Qtum Smart Contract. 1QTUM=5,000APIS.

The Total Cap for this stage is 620,000 QTUM

In this stage, we will set-up global communities and attract from the general public(except US and China) for the

development of the APIS Platform.
-Currency Supported : QTUM, ETH

-Participation Routes : Official Website, Platforms in countries like Singapore, England, Russia, Japan, Canada and Thailand.

APIS Sales Plan

Private

Pre-Sale

Total Sale Amount

Token Sale

Crowd Sale

5,236,000,000

Sale Amount

1,380,000,000

756,000,000

3,100,000,000

Token Bonus

15%

8%

-

APIS per QTUM

5,750

5,400

5,000

APIS per ETH

-

-

ETH/QTUM ratio will be
announced 2 hours before the
sale and will follow CMC

* ETH/QTUM ratio will be announced at Website.

18

5. Budget Allocation

The APIS Platform will be developed by QTUM, ETH financed through crowd funding. The fund will be used for six years.

1) Development

3) Market and Marketing Costs

developing the system and reinforcing members such

without market promotion, reasonable marketing, and

Maintenance Team, Android/ios team, APIS and Web

funds for market and marketing activities and will strive to

APIS team will spend most of the fund raised in

as the Development Team, Production, Operation and

Community Team, Test/Management/Maintenance Team,
Big Data Statistics Team and the Design Team. Through

In this Internet era, a good application can never do

business cooperation. The APIS team will use 20% of the
promote and disseminate APIS worldwide.

The APIS social networks will support eight different

this, we will ensure our platforms’:

languages: English, Japanese, Korean, Simplified Chinese,

- Scalable design with easy maintenance

More languages are planned in the future and we are

- Security

- Highly reliable professional operation and maintenance team
2) Platform operating costs

Good products come from good operation. The APIS

team uses 20% of the funds to build professional products,
operations and customer service teams. We will handle

customer issues in a timely manner, actively respond to

Traditional Chinese, Russian, Spanish, German and Thai.

positive that through reasonable market and marketing

budgets as the basis, APIS will become the most widely
used currency worldwide. Moreover, in order for users to

better understand the APIS platform, we will actively take
part in various blockchain activities for global promotion
and marketing.

the needs of the local community and continue to remedy
products promptly.

19

6. Roadmap

2018. Q3

- Masternode platform beta
service launch

- Smart contract updater implementation
- Smart contract freezer implementation
- 2FA transaction sending function
implementation

- Developed address masking private
domain registration

- Developed address masking handover
function

20

2018. Q4

2019. Q1

- APIS Token bi-directional(two-way)

- Launch Masternode platform

- Launch of APIS Mainnet
swap

- Launch masternode platform
- Release APIS PC wallet

- Release APIS web wallet

- Release mobile APIS wallet

- Launch of APIS ECO Website
Native App

- Breeze Wallet, Tumblebit Function Test

7. Disclaimer

The information provided in this whitepaper and

accompanying material is for informational purposes only.

It should not be considered legal or financial advice. You
should consult with an attorney or other professional to
determine what may be best for your individual needs.

APIS and the APIS Team do not make any guarantee or

other promise as to any results that may be obtained from

using our currency or content. No one should make any
investment decision without first consulting his or her own
financial advisor and conducting his or her own research

and due diligence. To the maximum extent permitted by
law, APIS disclaims any and all liability in the event any
information, commentary, analysis, opinions, advice and/

or recommendations prove to be inaccurate, incomplete or
unreliable, or result in any investment or other losses.

Content contained on or made available through our

website or affiliated websites or social media channels

is not intended to and does not constitute legal advice
or investment advice and no attorney-client relationship

is formed. Your use of the information on the website or
materials linked from the Web is at your own risk. Also, we

limit the meaning of word ‘reward’ to mean cryptocurrency
on specific blockchain, which can be received by

contributing to the blockchain network by the method of
masternoding.

21

References
1) A.M ANTONOPOULOS. Mastering bitcoins, 2014

2) M.Vukoli'c The quest for scalable blockchain fabric:

Proof-of-work vs. bft replication. International Workshop

on Open Problems in Network Security,pages 112~125.
Spriger, 2015

3) A peer­to­peer electronic cash system (2008)

4) O.Bussmann. The Future of Finance : FinTech, Tech

Disruption, and Orchestrating Innovation, pages 472~485.
Springer International Publishing, Cham, 2017

5) P Vasin. Blackcoina A-Z's proof-of-stake protocol v2, 2014

6) C.Cachin. Architecture of the hyperledger blockchain

fabric. InWorkshop on Distributed Cryptocurrencies and
Consensus Ledgers, 2016

7) Proof-of-stake, 2 January 2018. https://en.wikipedia.org/
wiki/Proof-of-stake

8) PoS 2.0 Whitepaper, 2014. http://blackcoin.co/blackcoinpos-protocol-v2-whitepaper-cn.pdf

9) What Is A Masternode, March 7, 2017. https://themerkle.
com/what-is-a-masternode/

10) Proof of Stake (PoS), May 15, 2017. https://www.
investopedia.com/terms/p/proof-stake-pos.asp

11) Distributed Applications (ĐApps), May 15, 2017. https://

www.investopedia.com/terms/d/distributed-applicationsapps.asp

12) Smart-Contract Value-Transfer Protocols on a
Distributed Mobile Application Platform 2017
https://qtum.org /en/white-papers

13) NIST hash function competition, 20 November,
2017. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NIST_hash_function_
competition#Finalists

22

