ARAW

The Decentralised Payment for E-Commerce Ecosystem
BUSINESS PAPER: Version 1.4
			
Project Status

CREATED BY: ARAW UK Ltd.
POWERED BY: Ethereum

• The Araw platform has been under development for more than 2 years. Our
Mobile Apps have been live in the UK Apple AppStore and Google PlayStore
since May 2017. The current platform has been implemented using Virtual
Tokens without Blockchain and has been integrated with PayPal and Stripe
payment gateways.
• We have developed a Minimum Viable Product LIVE demo of the upcoming
Araw E-Commerce platform and the ARAW Cryptocurrency Payment
solution.
• We are raising funds for the development and the expansion of the existing
platform to the Ethereum Blockchain, taking to the next level in E-Commerce
& Payment industry, and providing cryptocurrency payments through Araw
Payment Gateway and Touch & Pay Card.

Table of Contents
Abstract														
3
Executive Summary												
4
Diversified Channels to increase the Adoption of the Araw Platform				
10
The Existing Araw Platform											
11
Market Overview													
14
Market opportunity												
20
The ARAW Token:
Heart of the Decentralised Payment Ecosystem							
23
The ARAW Token Ecosystem											
28
Araw Pay													
29
E-commerce Marketplace											
30
Araw Card - Touch & Pay											
31
Open API Platform												
32
Banking System Integration										
33
Araw Mobile Wallet												
33
Cryptocurrency Exchanges Integration									
34
Ethereum Blockchain – Proof of Delivery & Service							
34
Peer-to-Peer													
35
Unified Reward System											
35

Roadmap														
36
ARAW Token Economy												
37
Benefits to Investors												
37
Token Generation Event											
38
Token Distribution												
39
Token Sale Funds Allocation											
39
Team 														
40
Closure Statement												
45

2

Rewarding Shopping

Abstract
This paper describes a revolutionary combination of the Ethereum Blockchain technology
and e-commerce & payment ecosystem. The ARAW token and its unique infrastructure
offers e-commerce and service-providing companies to standardise reward programmes
as well as expose the regular people to the cryptocurrency economy. Our solution is
completely transparent and strives to make cryptocurrency accessible to the regular
people. From the customer perspective, there will be no habitual change - for example,
one of our offerings include the Araw Touch & Pay card to be used in tandem with everyday micropayments.
The main goal of the ARAW token is to build the Decentralised Payment Ecosystem for
E-Commerce to increase the Blockchain adoption for regular people across the world. The
ARAW token ecosystem offers unified reward system which any service-providing entities
can partake in. This allows virtually any company to further incentive consumption of
their service as they provide real value via token distribution and expand their previously
limited market of loyalty-reward consumers to the next level.
The paper focuses on cutting-edge technologies that support the e-commerce & payment
ecosystem including ‘Araw Pay for Online Payments’, ‘Open API Platform’, ‘Araw Touch
& Pay Card’, ‘Unified Reward System’, ‘Peer-to-Peer Transfer’, ‘Araw Mobile Wallet’, and
‘Cryptocurrency Exchanges Integration’.

3

Rewarding Shopping

Executive Summary
						

Today’s e-commerce industry is growing at a rapid pace and global retail e-commerce
sales are expected to reach $4.5 trillion by 2021. For most commercial businesses,
cryptocurrency is becoming a preferred mode of transaction highlighted by its current
cap of hundreds of billions and expected to rise to trillions. According to research, most
of the finance and banking industry is expected to move to the blockchain and hence
adoption rate of blockchain across all industries will increase in the coming years.
By Introducing the ARAW Token, the heart of the decentralised payment ecosystem
powered by the Ethereum Blockchain, we are aiming to increase blockchain adoption
for regular people across the world. We are the first company in the UK whose mission
is to combine the benefits of the E-Commerce and Payment industries; provide end-toend solutions for E-Commerce Marketplace, Touch & Pay Cryptocurrency Card, Online
Cryptocurrency Payment, and Unified Reward System on the Ethereum Blockchain
powered by the ARAW token. The goal of the ARAW token is to be a part of everyone’s
day-to-day online & in-store shopping.
The Araw platform addresses fundamental problems in the e-commerce and
cryptocurrency economies. Firstly, retailers online and offline offer restrictive reward
systems bundled with their services - they are often of little value to the consumer given
their limited nature. Reward systems in commerce as a whole are underutilised due to
the lack of technological investment. Coincidentally, many companies find it difficult to
provide attractive reward schemes as they risk undervaluing their services. The ‘Unified
Reward System’ allows service providers to become an ARAW token distributor, allowing
them to control the format of their reward plans. The ARAW token now acts as more than
a simple reward point - as it is utilised and redeemable across all of ARAW’s ecosystem
participants. Additionally, owners of ARAW are able to convert their tokens into fiat
currencies via ARAW mobile wallet & take cashback to their associated bank account.

“

Secondly, the complex barrier to entry into the cryptocurrency market limits the

We are the first company in the UK whose
mission is to combine the benefits of the
E-Commerce and Payment industries

4

Rewarding Shopping

“

The goal of the ARAW token is to be a part of everyone’s
day-to-day online & in-store shopping without them
changing their shopping pattern or understanding the
underlying complexity of Technology.

potential value of the crypto market as a whole. The technologies surrounding ARAW
are strategically built for the platform to support a ‘Unified Reward System’ - ensuring
ease of adoption and maximising consumer outreach. While the ‘Unified Reward System’
makes it possible to standardise reward tokens across industries, the ARAW token will
also allow regular customers to have a stake in the rapidly expanding cryptocurrency
world - benefiting all parties involved. The key factors include the ease of adoption for
the customer as reward schemes are already common. While the needs of an enterprise
entity are met with ARAW’s technological offerings discussed in detail in the paper.

CHALLENGES

APPROACH

Araw Pay - accept online
payments with a click of
button

Design and implement Araw
Pay online widget that can be
plug and play on any websites

Araw Touch & Pay Card enabling instore
micropayments

Easily redeemable rewards
and rapid cash in will
encourage customers to use
ARAW card for all their
shopping needs.

Transparent ecosystem to
increase adoption rate
Increase the ARAW token
adoption by merchants
Unified reward system
enabled e-commerce
ecosystem

Intuitive user interfaces
making it feel like second
nature thus user do not notice
the advance technology that
power purchases and rewards
system.
Targeted and specialist
resource dedicated to
merchant on-boarding and
support to ensure every client
campaign is a success.

OBJECTIVES

Provide end-to-end solutions
for E-Commerce Marketplace,
Touch & Pay Cryptocurrency
Card, Online Cryptocurrency
Payment, and Unified Reward
System powered by the
Ethereum Blockchain
regulated by the ARAW token
Create a Consumers driven
floating ecosystem
Create a Transparent
ecosystem that can be used
by regular customers across
the world; and hence, increase
the adoption rate of the
ARAW token, the Blockchain
based cryptocurrency

Specific campaign
management assistance to
help clients maximise
adoption rates.

5

Rewarding Shopping

Market State
E-Commerce and commercial reward schemes are experiencing massive growth - the
global sales via e-commerce in 2014 was 1.3 trillion dollars - expected to double in 2020,
and the number of online shoppers is also expected to increase from 1.46 billion to 2
billion by 2020. As a result, e-commerce platforms and existing reward schemes are highly
saturated - every individual shop offers their own exclusive points system. Additionally,
customer acquisition is a serious problem given the difficulty for service providers to
distinguish themselves from the competition. E-Commerce also severely lags behind
other industries in cryptocurrency adoption.
Similarly, the cryptocurrency market is growing rapidly. This growth is impeded by
fundamental issues:
•

A lack of a reliable, international exchange which allows individuals to convert
tokens into fiat currency.

•

No practical use for cryptocurrency in day-to-day activities

•

Over-regulation or insufficient regulation in different countries across the globe
which both hurts user adoption and leads to different fraud schemes that damage
reputation of credible projects

•

A requirement for specialised blockchain developers

•

A reduction in token value due to transaction fees

•

Barrier to entry

The ARAW Token Solution
The Araw Platform offers a practical solution to the problems outlined above as well as the
potential to become the practical heart of e-commerce and cryptocurrency combined.
It strives to reward shopping with cryptocurrency by exposing the common person to
the ARAW token. The key focus of ARAW is giving effortless access to cryptocurrency
ownership which comes with potential rise in value - without dealing with any of the
underlying complexities which make cryptocurrency unattractive.
The Unified Reward System seeks to transform the poorly utilised loyalty industry by
fusing the shopping reward potential of all retails together regardless of the product
- focusing on rewarding the individual with cryptocurrency market access as well as a
form of investment. With our technical offering, we seek to support individual sellers as
well as enterprise vendors. The ARAW token can be adopted in any location - this global
decentralised potential represents virtually limitless growth of the token. This adoption
will be seamless as we seek to penetrate e-commerce platforms as well as regular retail
shops, without introducing any habitual change from the user perspective.

6

Rewarding Shopping

Araw Touch & Pay Card is our single card solution for all reward programmes a shopper
may be interested in - the first of its kind in the UK. It allows customers to earn ARAW
tokens with their daily purchases as well as pay using accumulated ARAW tokens. This
ensures that an average customer can easily adopt the use of the card due to its similarity
with existing technologies - but now empowered with ARAW tokens which hold intrinsic
Enabling Micropayment

w Mobile
Ara Wallet

Ara
w
Pa
y

Attract more merchants
globaly by providing
plug & play website widget

Online payments
with a click of button

Open
Platfo API
rm

Peer to Peer transfer,
cashback & exchange

ys
t

e

To

Un
iﬁe
S d

rd
wa
Re m

d
Car
W
a
A &P y
R
A uch

ARAW token as reward between
multibranded merchants

value and never expire. This offering allows the ARAW token to have a practical daily
use which cryptocurrency has been struggling to fulfill as token value was previously
disconnected from its contextual use until now.
The value in ARAW tokens is accessed by the Banking System Integration as it offers
both the buy & sell ARAW tokens instantly between a customer’s ARAW wallet and their
bank account. The liquidity of ARAW tokens will undoubtedly attract customers to join
ARAW rewarding vendors, which combined with other ARAW offerings will aggressively
expand the opportunities for rewarding buyers, customer acquisition for vendors, and an
unprecedented increase in crypto-market participation.

“
7

The Unified Reward System driven by the
ARAW token aims to transform the poorly
utilised multi-branded loyalty industry
Rewarding Shopping

”

We are aiming to be a Floating Ecosystem with 5M regular
people world-wide using Araw platform for their daily shopping,
resulting in high liquidity and utility. This combined with scarcity
will result in appreciation of the ARAW token value.

The Araw Mobile Wallet provides a seamless user experience - it acts as a gateway to
ARAW activities such as the sale and purchase of ARAW tokens with user-configured
bank accounts. The mobile wallet will also act as a Cryptocurrency Exchange where users
can instantly exchange their ARAW tokens into other cryptocurrencies (initially Ethereum
and Bitcoin) - further simplifying cryptocurrency for regular people. For vendors, we
offer an Open API platform which allow complete customisation of the kind of ARAW
platform you choose to run - giving arbitrary control over your re-distribution of ARAW
tokens without the need for specialised blockchain developers. We offer sophisticated
yet simple to use tools to both the businesses and consumers ensuring global adoption
of the ARAW token.
Since there are only a certain amount of Araw token that can ever exist, scarcity combined
with a thriving underlying decentralised ecosystem will result in appreciation of Araw
token value.

8

Rewarding Shopping

Ultimately, the ARAW token functions on a revolutionary end-to-end e-commerce
platform. It makes use of the Ethereum blockchain, ensuring development is secure
and efficient as well as arbitrarily customisable for sellers using Araw. This presents an
enormous opportunity for existing vendors to stay ahead of the technological curve
- as adopters of Araw will be pioneers in unifying shopping rewards and trivialising
cryptocurrency ownership. Our initial focus is to cultivate the Araw adoption rate to
create an autonomous market driven by our token.

“

The Araw mobile wallet will be integrated with
Cryptocurrency Exchanges where customers
will be able to exchange their ARAW tokens
with fiat Currency or other cryptocurrencies.

The platform will tremendously expand consumer bases on multiple fronts. Sellers and
retailers using Araw will be able to offer an extremely attractive reward system which
completely removes the complexity of owning cryptocurrency - removing any inhibitions
a person would have to enter the crypto economy. This encourages the customers to
participate in Araw offering purchases as they are given the ability to liquidate their
tokens via purchase or fiat conversion, use them as an investment or convert to other
cryptocurrencies - enabled by an enterprise-grade mobile application. As the Araw
platform grows, the value of the token will be appreciated with the amount of users - this
notably carries enormous potential as the platform allows any providers of goods and
services to utilise the Araw platform. The platform and its components are designed to
easily onboard vendors and provide a user experience that does not rely on changing
existing behaviour.

9

Rewarding Shopping

Diversified Channels to increase the
Adoption of the Araw Platform
The Araw platform aiming to target multiple channels to increase the adoption of the
blockchain technology. There are two main verticals to achieve our goal.
1. E-Commerce: The goal of the ARAW token to be a part of everyone’s day
to day shopping without needing them to change their shopping behaviour.
This can be achieved with simple and easy to use e-commerce website
which is transparently integrated with the decentralised payment.
2. Decentralised Payment: The Araw platform will be a bridge between merchants,
consumers, cryptocurrency exchanges, and the Ethereum smart contract that manages
the liquidity of the ARAW token.
Our goto marketing strategy to reach more customers and merchants.
•

Referral / Tradeshows Exposure

•

Time-to-time

Rewards:

This

is

our ultimate goal where regular
customers will be accustomed to
use the Araw e-commerce platform

Araw
Platform

for their daily shopping and they

1

get time-to-time rewards without

2

needing them to do anything else.
Intutive Integration

E-Commerce

•

of Ecosystems

Decentralised
Payment

Encourage customers to use Araw
Touch & Pay Card

•

Believe in technology and create
a robust solution that attracts

Improve
User Adoption

Blockchain
Transparency

leading merchants to join the Araw
platform.

Merchants

•

Mobile wallet integration where
customers

Ethereum
Smart
Contract

Consumers

will

be

able

to

exchange ARAW tokens with other
cryptocurrencies like ETH & BTC.

Cryptocurrency
Exchange

•

Open

Platform:

Plug

&

Play

e-commerce widget allowing third
party integration.

10

Rewarding Shopping

The Existing Araw Platform
The existing Araw platform, Araw UK Ltd. was founded in 2016. This platform has been
implemented using virtual tokens without blockchain support. We provide our client
businesses with services such as
•

Customer analytics: keep track of loyal customers, their points and redemptions
in real time.

•

Customer insight dashboard: connect in real time to the customer information
and turn those insights into more sales and customer loyalty.

•

Business branded loyalty card

•

Increase revenues with new and loyal customers: Engage and reward your
customers.

•

Know your customers better and bring them back to your business: Distinguish
between dormant and loyal customers, and send right offer to right customers.

•

In-store marketing: we provide in-store marketing material to promote digital
loyalty program among customers.

“

We are in a one-of-a-kind position
to be at the very forefront of the
omni-channel loyalty economy.

Building on our expertise in rewards and loyalty programmes, we are going a step further
to launch a unifying reward ecosystem that employs the blockchain technology as a
backbone and a fully unified medium of exchange.
We are in a one-of-a-kind position to be at the very forefront of the omni-channel loyalty
economy. We can fully integrate with major point-of-sale providers, and this is simply not
a market position that is held by many companies such as ours. While we have had great
success with our customer rewards system, we are introducing ARAW token through an
e-commerce platform as our means of contributing even more to the customer reward
and loyalty industry. The Araw platform besides having a mobile app also includes a
new digital currency - the ARAW token. We have already built a coalition of supportive
merchants, and will be creating a value based, digital rewards system that is expected to
outperform traditional rewards programmes.

11

Rewarding Shopping

The Customer App
The Customer app is targeted towards our merchants/retailers’ daily customers to allow
business to keep in touch with their customers and build a meaningful relationship with
them. The benefits of using this application are:
•

Earn and redeem rewards from their favourite businesses.

•

Discover incredible rewards from thousands of near-by businesses.

•

Time to time one-off unbeatable deals from various retailers

Upcoming Upgraded Mobile App for Customers

12

Rewarding Shopping

The Business App
The Business App is mainly used by our merchants/retailers to operate requests made
from customer app. The main use cases for business app are;
•

Connect with customers for a relationship that endures.

•

Give customers more personalized experiences - both in and out of store - and
see your revenue double from returning customers.

Customers Insight Dashboard
Customers insight dashboard gives our merchants/retailers detailed statistics about
their regular/dormant customer base. We provide detailed insight of customer stats so
that they can plan for their short and long term business goals. Moreover, retailers can
understand customer behavior and communicate with them to get them back to their
business.

13

Rewarding Shopping

Track Record
ARAW UK Ltd currently administers customer rewards programs for several businesses
in the UK. We expect all of our businesses to upgrade from their traditional points system
to ARAW tokens. We intend to provide full-time support during this upgrade process
offering consultation and training on how to use our technology effectively within their
business.

Market Overview

Throughout the world the E-commerce industry continues to gain popularity. For each
day that passes, the online shopping platform gains more customers and keeps increasing
their trade volume.
In addition, the potential of the retail and e-commerce industry will continue to grow in
the future. In 2014, the global sales of e-commerce were about USD 1.33 trillion and are
estimated to increase to double this tally in 2020. Accordingly, the corresponding retail
sales that come from E-commerce are expected to increase from about 7.4% to 14.6% in
2015 and 2020 respectively. The number of online shoppers is expected to double the
rate recorded in 2015 (1.46 billion) by 2020 (over 2 billion), Statista reports.

“
14

The number of online shoppers
is expected to double the rate
recorded in 2015
(1.46 billion) by 2020
(over 2 billion), Statista reports.

Rewarding Shopping

Retail e-commerce sales worldwide from 2014 to 2021
(in billion U.S. Dollars)

5 000
4 479
3 879

Sales in billion U.S. dollars

4 000
3 305
3 000

2 774
2 290

2 000
1 336

1 548

1 859

1 000

0

2014

2015

Source
eMarketer
© Statista 2017

2016

2017*

2018*

2019*

2020*

2021*

Additional Information
Worldwide; eMarketer; 2014 to 2017

“

Globally, Customers are not rewarded from
existing E-Commerce companies lacking
Unified Reward System & Payment solution.

While preserving data integrity, the Blockchain records all the transactions ensuring
that all the transactions carried out on the platform are secure as well as transparent.
Furthermore, as well as the charges it will incur, Blockchain technology will also lower
the number of intermediaries required to complete any transaction. Consequently, the
integration of reward system on the Blockchain using smart contracts will be a significant
improvement for the e-commerce industry.

15

Rewarding Shopping

“

Today, customer acquisition is a key problem
for retailers. Statistics reveal that the average
conversion of traffic into actual sales in
e-commerce is just 3%; however, the real
figures are 1% and less.

The delivery rate with the automation of the purchase processes and rapid growth
of e-commerce has made the industry extremely competitive. More price-sensitive
customers, competitive prices on daily basis, and increased brand awareness today typify
the industry. It is now obvious that customer loyalty, premised on referrals and repeat
purchases is an important driver of profitability for the retail and e-commerce industry.
Today, customer acquisition is a key problem for retailers. Statistics reveal that the average
conversion of traffic into actual sales in e-commerce is just 3%; however, the real figures
are 1% and less. Businesses spend a reasonable amount of resources to gain the attention
of customers: this is not only important but a step to retaining their attention. Reports
reveal that retaining an existing customer is 25 times less costly than acquiring a new
one. Particularly when the competition is severe, customers are always found switching
between brands. Therefore, it is crucial for retailers to find the best means of gaining their
customers’ loyalty. Many statistics and reports indicate that loyal customers tell their
friends about their experience, cost less to process, often buy more products, provide
valuable feedback, and stay longer. Despite explosive growth in the e-commerce industry,
merchants and customers are facing some problems outlined below.

Leading E-Commerce platforms today do not offer Reward
Systems and Payment solution
We consider the lack of reward programmes in the biggest e-commerce distributors
to be an enormous problem and a market opportunity. The largest e-commerce firms
take a sizable commission for each product sold on their platform - and only provide a
basic service of delivering the product to the consumer. However, with the introduction
of a unified reward system we can enhance the consumer experience and introduce a
consumer-driven market, encouraging customers to migrate away from basic e-commerce
services.

16

Rewarding Shopping

Reputation and Trust Issues
Having to build trust is difficult as online marketplaces are managed by a few large entities.
There is a difficulty in the transfer of trust from one centralised marketplace to the other;
there’s a need to create a strong relationship with the merchants. Unfortunately, the
history of the merchant is not always recorded making it impossible to punish dubious
merchants or buyers. Huge advertising and identity verification efforts are required for
easy and safe transaction for a merchant to be trusted.

“

Cryptocurrency Token Startups are failing to
reach adoption by regular customers...

Long and Expensive Payment Processes For Merchants
The long and expensive payment process for merchants is one of the most obvious
problems in the retail and e-commerce industry. At times, there may be more than 5
different fees for the payment gateways and half a dozen steps to finalise the transaction.
Similarly, the transaction charges might range between 2-5% with a chargeback fee. Also,
the existing payment gateway on the majority of the e-commerce stores rarely provides
an avenue for the merchants to accept mobile transactions at their stores.

17

Rewarding Shopping

Failure to Adapt the Growth of Cryptocurrency Tokens
Today, the majority of the merchants do not accept payments made with crypto-tokens.
However, a completely new digital asset class is undergoing creation: tokens of these
products that are to be built-up on the Ethereum platform. The increase of a new wave
of digital assets enhances the manufacturing of a token based digital asset economy. It is
estimated that about 10% of the world’s GDP will be created on the blockchain by 2025,
leaving merchants with no choice but to be part of the growing blockchain economy.
To illustrate this assertion, let us look at the chart below showing the growth of altcoins.
It must be noted, however, that this growth is influenced by the ascendancy of Ether as a
currency and the global expansion of Ethereum based tokens.

Cryptocurrency Market Caps (historical)
coin.dance

“
18

It is estimated that about 10% of the
world’s GDP will be created on the
Blockchain by 2025,

Rewarding Shopping

Similarly, the graph below illustrates the growth of Ether’s market cap. Market capitalisation
stands at approximately USD 68 billion as of March-2018. It has grown by 3750% since
last year!

Ether Historical Market Capitalisation Chart (USD)
Etherscan.io

150 B

Ether Market Cap (USD)

125 B
100 B
75 B
50 B
25 B
0B
Jan '16

Jul '16

Jan '17

Jul '17

Jan '18

Below graph shows the continuous growth of Ethereum. We strongly believe that
Ethereum founders has created such ecosystem that will continuously raise in the future.
With upcoming versions of the Ethereum, transactions are expected to be more cheaper
and faster. This is the main reason why ARAW token team has decided to implement
E-Commerce & Payment Ecosystem on the Ethereum Blockchain.

Ether Historical Prices (USD)
Etherscan.io
1500

Ether Price (USD)

1250
1000
750
500
250
0
Jan '16

19

Jul '16

Jan '17

Jul '17

Jan '18

Rewarding Shopping

Market opportunity
The global loyalty and reward industry was estimated to be about $1.56 billion in 2015
and risen to about $320 billion in 2017. Given this remarkable growth of the global loyalty
program, growing at an annual rate of 6% and compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of
24.37%, this estimation is projected to hit $471 billion in 2020. Unfortunately, this report
is flawed with a shocking rate of under-utilisation of loyalty program in the e-commerce
sector. About 76% of consumers in the industry fail to use their shopping rewards while
these consumers belong to less than 29 loyalty reward programs specifically designed
for the e-commerce world.

“

About 76% of consumers in the industry fail
to use their shopping rewards while these
consumers belong to less than 29 Reward
Programs specifically designed for the
e-commerce world.

MarketsAndMarkets survey revealed that loyalty rewards customers who failed to
redeem their rewards were 2.7 times more likely leave a particular program and join
another. ARAW token is in a perfect position to champion the course of revolutionising
the loyalty reward industry. Our loyalty ecosystem is particularly designed to enable
a seamless integration with major e-commerce stores. Moreover, our ecosystem
allows merchants to fully enjoy the benefits of ARAW token; through sale, purchase
or exchange of the token while cutting down unnecessary costs and expanding their
customer base. This unique position in the industry presents us as the ideal choice
for all our participating merchants. In addition, with these competitive advantages, we
aim to aggressively expand and accommodate more retailers in the industry including
but not limited to fashion, food, and other specialty retail businesses to benefit from
the competitive edge of ARAW token solutions. Apart from the market opportunities
created by the Blockchain, we are also aware that there are enough possibilities for
growth in the digital loyalty programs and e-commerce industries, which form the major
components of ARAW token.
20

Rewarding Shopping

“

About 40% of the US
companies and 47% of
UK companies revealed
that their customers
prefer buying their daily
products; about 63% of
these companies have not
been able to integrate
loyalty reward program
into their business model
accordingly. With better
technologies and data
analytics, The ARAW token
is here to fill the gap

Based on the study reported by KPMG
in 2016, about 40% of the US companies
and 47% UK companies revealed that
their customers prefer buying their daily
products; about 63% of these companies
have not been able to integrate a loyalty
reward program into their business model
accordingly. With better technologies and
data analytics, ARAW token is here to fill
the spot.
We are taking e-commerce and reward
industries to the next level. With ARAW
token, we offer unique and new technical
implementation of data protocol, smart
contracts, and blockchain in the loyalty

program sector specifically for the e-commerce world. We strive to reward our participating
customers for their daily purchases; without changing their current behaviour.
The ARAW token is creating a global, decentralised and reputable payment for e-commerce
ecosystem that work flawlessly with existing platforms supported by Ethereum smart
contracts.

Consumers driven E-Commerce market powered by the Ethereum
Blockchain
Our goal is to create a consumers driven e-commerce marketplace. We are aiming to
challenge leading e-commerce platforms that do not offer much benefits to consumers.
Consumers will be able to earn and redeem the ARAW tokens on the Araw E-Commerce
marketplace. The main advantage of being on the Ethereum blockchain is that we will be
able to combine the benefits of Rewards and Payments in such a product that would be
able to excite and drive consumer retention using blockchain and smart contracts as a
backbone.

Solution Provided by Mobile Payment
Through the blockchain technology, we have been able to process payments with only
fee and single step, which would lead to the acceptance of payments on the ARAW
token platform generally up to five times less expensive and up to ten times faster for our
participating merchants. After the integration of ARAW token ecosystem, participating
merchants would have access to accept payments in the ARAW tokens, use reward
system features, and exchange fiat currency from the ARAW token.

21

Rewarding Shopping

Enable Merchants to Participate in a $10 trillion Digital Valued
Economy
By advancing ARAW token, not only would we allow our merchants take part in a
decentralised economy that is trustless, we would also provide an avenue to meet up
with the growing digital economic system through a unique loyalty program that we
would provide. According to the World Bank report, about 10% of the world’s GDP will be
produced through the blockchain technology coming 2025. The GDP estimation for 2025
is said to be about $100T meaning that the value to be produced through the blockchain
technology is going to be about $10T (10%).

“

The GDP estimation for 2025 is said to be about $100T
meaning that the value to be produced through the
blockchain technology is going to be about $10T (10%).

Value proposition
The ARAW token is an important component of the e-commerce ecosystem, with a
particular aim to integrate our existing reward system into the e-commerce industry. It
can be seen as a B2B2C unified reward system that is designed on the Blockchain. This
platform allows our participating merchants to reward their customers with ARAW tokens
for their purchases. The management responsible for the decentralisation of rewards on
blockchain makes the ARAW token ecosystem unique and provides a lot of value to
everyone of our customers and members:
•

For merchants there is a blockchain based e-commerce ecosystem.
·· Offer cutting edge solution to customers by staying ahead of the blockchain
technology, the future of Internet.
·· Acquisition of new customers around the world.
·· Open platform to create enterprise e-commerce platform on blockchain.

•

For customers there is a cryptocurrency reward, which
·· Can be exchanged to fiat currency
·· Can be redeemed for other purchases
·· Never expires
·· Value appreciation due to scarcity and increased adoption

Since the ARAW token is a decentralised ecosystem, its solutions and products are easily
scalable with no restrictions or limitations to the participating members. In essence, the
app can be downloaded from the app stores of e-commerce platforms and any merchant
can be connected to ARAW token platform.
22

Rewarding Shopping

The ARAW Token:
Heart of the Decentralised Payment Ecosystem
One of the main goals of the Araw Platform is to provide unified reward system and
marketing solution for e-commerce businesses, which aims to increase the footprint of
customers, building meaningful relationships with them, and hence increase the growth
of the business. We present the ARAW Token as the solution to unlock the full potential
of reward programmes and thus increase value for all participants in this loyalty system.
The proposed e-commerce ecosystem
accepts

both

crypto

and

monetary

payment. Customers have the choice of
paying for goods and services using actual
money, the ARAW token or any of the
other globally accepted cryptocurrencies.
It has also been noted that the most
valued rewards in loyalty programmes

“

we are in a very unique
position of understanding,
developing and implementing
a wide-reaching platform that
makes it possible to have a
unified reward system.

are

monetary

in

nature

so

loyalty

programmes need to emphasise a more
redemptive ability to move forward. The
current loyalty domain has organisational
problems with rewards that are unrealised,
and customers are clamouring for more
elasticity and actual financial benefits.
ARAW

token

seeks

to

ensure

that

customers get to make personal choices
about their rewards. This is where ARAW

token steps up as a problem solver and a solution provider. With our broad experience
and expertise in addressing businesses’ needs for connecting to their customers, we are in
a very unique position of understanding, developing and implementing a wide-reaching
platform that makes it possible to have a unified reward system. This is the central idea
for the ARAW tokens that we will be issuing.
Through the e-commerce system, customers will be more involved with business loyalty
programs and can acquire better rewards for their consumption. The ARAW token will be
used as a medium of exchange within the rewards system, and customers can earn the
token when making purchases at participating merchants. When customers redeem any
of the available rewards, ARAW token is then restored to merchants.

23

Rewarding Shopping

“

On Araw Platform, customers and brands can
interact without restrictions in a dependable,
trustless and mutually beneficial manner.

We are partnering with businesses and merchants across the UK, the US and other
countries to support the omnichannel ideal of customer loyalty. When customers earn
ARAW tokens, they can then utilise them in different ways beyond the traditional customer
loyalty programs. Customers can use the points earned from one merchant to acquire
rewards from other merchants within the system. Thus allowing customers to do business
and earn rewards across several industries without restriction.
The benefits to acquiring ARAW tokens whether as customers or as participating
businesses in the Loyalty program are endless. ARAW tokens and our e-commerce system
will facilitate peer-to-peer payment; facilitate micro payments between customers and
merchants; and is slated to be used by virtually everyone from around the world.
Furthermore, we are introducing the ARAW token which our customers would use for
micro payment at gas stations, coffee shops, restaurants, supermarket amongst other
retail outlets. This provides them the convenience of making payments using ARAW
token. Therefore, through the influence of the Araw cryptocurrency, we are establishing
unlimited ecosystem in payments and loyalty.
We are creating an end-to-end ecosystem in the e-commerce marketplace, touch & pay,
and unified reward system driven by the ARAW token. ARAW token is a distributed ledger
e-commerce marketplace that gives people a two-way choice of buying and selling goods
with online leveraging on the combined benefits of fiat currencies and crypto currencies.
ARAW token platform leverages on the benefits of blockchain technology to provide a
unique and inimitable value to all users of our platform including individual merchants or

24

Rewarding Shopping

businesses who deploy the platform for marketing and sale of their goods and global
consumers who can now gain cross-border access to the product of their choice at a
better bargain given the transaction cost reduction occasioned by the Internet which
is further boosted by the blockchain technology. The smart contract digital escrow
feature of the Ethereum based token also makes frictionless and secure transactions
possible.
The ARAW token is programmed to adopt the security guidelines and ease of access of
the ERC20. The ARAW Tokens are required for all the transactions on the ARAW token
platform and represents the reward point for all participating customers or ARAW token
holders. For every transaction made on ARAW token platform, be it issuance, transfer
or exchange, the initiator of the transaction will pay a small fee for using the ARAW
token smart contracts.
All transactions in e-commerce marketplace can be carried out with the ARAW token,
which must be transferred through or held in an ERC20 compatible wallet. ARAW
tokens act as the legal tender for trading on the platform. It can be used to pay for
goods or to make settlements. It can as well be used to certify that a particular deal has
been completed.
The transaction is carried out on the ARAW token exchange as a platform that facilitates
trade between the two parties involved. The main purpose of the exchange platform is
to facilitate trade and transaction between the two parties.

“

We are creating an end-to-end ecosystem in the
e-commerce marketplace, touch & pay, and unified
reward system driven by the ARAW token. ARAW token
is a distributed ledger e-commerce marketplace that gives
people a two-way choice of buying and selling goods
with online leveraging on the combined benefits of fiat
currencies and crypto currencies.

25

Rewarding Shopping

ARAW E-Commerce Marketplace
The ARAW token is a utility based token specifically designed for the global e-commerce
& Payment industry. ARAW token will be released into a public ICO and any funds
generated through this ICO will be used mainly for improving infrastructure, product
research & development, and sales & marketing.
For customers, there is an absolute value for every purchase in the form of Ethereum
tokens that can be sent to other crypto-wallet for purchase. Since there are only a certain
amount of Araw token that can ever exist, Scarcity combined with a thriving underlying
decentralised ecosystem will result in appreciation of Araw token value. This is Significantly
different than the current loyalty rewards that expires over time.

26

Rewarding Shopping

The retailers will just have to purchase
from

the

open

marketplace

by

employing the use of ARAW token coins
to appreciate the users. The customers
on the ARAW token ecosystem will
receive ARAW as a certain configurable
percentage

or

amount

purchases.

on

their

“

The ARAW token is a utility
based token specifically
designed for the global
E-Commerce & Payment
industry

Our customers would be provisioned an
ARAW card tied to ARAW token and a mobile
wallet to enable convenient micropayments.
Customers will appreciate this opportunity,
as they gain access to liquid cryptocurrency
instead

of

loyalty

points.

Similarly,

the

customers can also buy ARAW tokens through
the ARAW mobile wallet or a cryptocurrency
exchange. It is important to note, that the
ARAW token value is ascertained by the
open exchanges of the cryptocurrency. These
tokens can be traded for other currency. It is
equally vital to emphasise that the token is
acceptable to all the participating merchants
that employ ARAW token platform.

ARAW Card

27

Rewarding Shopping

The ARAW Token Ecosystem
The Araw Ecosystem was carefully designed from the beginning as a supportive sphere
in which users can be confident in their trades on the Blockchain. To capture a variety
of users, we have provided an ecosystem platform that is scalable and effective, yet
simple over the Ethereum Blockchain, where customers and brands can interact without
restrictions in a dependable, trustless, and mutually beneficial manner.

Araw Pay
Online
Payments

Ecommerce
Marketplace
ARAW

Unified Reward
System

Peer-to-peer

Araw Card
Touch & Pay

The ARAW Token
Ecosystem

Banking System
Intergration

Ethereum
Blockchain

Cryptocurrency
Exchange

“

Open API
Platform

Araw Mobile
Wallet

We have provided an ecosystem platform that is scalable
and effective, yet simple over the Ethereum Blockchain

28

Rewarding Shopping

Araw Pay
Araw Pay will be an open widget to accept payments in ARAW tokens and can be used
by any merchants anywhere online just like any other payment gateway providers. We
aim to provide seamless Araw pay solutions in Araw mobile & web wallet, open API
platform, and Araw e-commerce marketplace.

Off-chain
Transaction

Raiden
Network

Araw
Platform

On-chain
Transaction

Crypto
Exchange

Liquidity
Smart
Contract

Merchants
(Decision
Algorithm)

Dashboard
+6452 ARAW
(+$100)

Sell

Buy

Consumers
Araw Pay Checkout

Total:
$100

Onchain+Offchain
Balance

Araw Pay

Login

Araw Pay

ARAW Balance:
171000
(Worth $2650)
Pay $100
(6452 ARAW)

Pay

On-chain vs Off-chain Transactions
The Araw platform acts as a mediator between the raiden network to handle off-chain
transactions & the crypto exchanges to manage on-chain transactions. The liquidity smart
contract will be responsible for handling off-chain transactions in decentralised way. We
will be comparing Ethereum Casper vs Raiden Network costing model and it may be
possible we will stick to Ethereum Casper for all the transactions.

29

Rewarding Shopping

E-commerce Marketplace
Given our distributed ledger system, items for sale are gathered from different parts
of the globe on the marketplace. Buyers and sellers from different parts of the world
also come together in a peer-to-peer enabled environment for transactions. Users of
the platform can thus have access to the entire list of all the offers available on the Araw
marketplace. With our help and the Araw Platform, any shop owner is free to execute a
single sale or build an enterprise level e-commerce platform.
The flexibility offered by our e-commerce marketplace gives users the freedom to choose
what they want to do on the platform whether to buy or sell or get involved in the loyalty
program and earn rewards.
We aim to meet the need of every consumer, every merchant and every business no
matter their location through our distributed ledger system. Our e-commerce market
place gives you instant access to the global audience, removes transaction overhead
(management and fees) and ensures they
are secure and frictionless through our
Ethereum blockchain based ERC20 tokens
and smart contract implementation.

Merchants

There
Products

Sell

Services

are

two

ways

in

which

our

participating retailers can interact with the
Araw Ecosystem. These include through a
smart contract that handles the liquidity of
the ARAW token in the market or buying
directly

Araw
Marketplace

through

the

cryptocurrency

exchange. Another way is through the
ARAW token Platform which maintains

Products

Buy

Services

all the essential operations and controls
relating to the purchases and sales of the
ARAW tokens with fiat currency. Using this,
sellers on the platform can choose to sell
goods and services for ARAW tokens as

Consumers

well as distributing them with the Unified
Reward System.

Extended support and software development tools to achieve a crypto based reward
program will be offered to clients using the ARAW token platform.

30

Rewarding Shopping

Araw Card - Touch & Pay
Araw - Touch & Pay card aims to enable customers to make micropayments at coffee
shops, supermarkets and day-to-day online shopping. It contains radio-frequency
identification (RFID) to communicate with card reader to enable contactless payments.
With the release of Araw Card, we are expecting to raise adoption of the Araw platform
by regular customers.

We are going to implement this solution in different phases.
Phase#1 Merchants accept Araw Card Payments using The Araw Card Reader Mobile App
We are aiming to implement this as our quick solution. This will enable any Merchant in
the EU to accept payment in the ARAW token. Merchants will need to download Araw
card reader App from Apple store or Google play store which will be able to communicate
contactless with Araw card to do micro-payments or receive ARAW tokens. After this,
we will be working towards other countries to comply with their jurisdiction to support
ARAW token payments.
Phase#2 Merchants accept Araw Card Payments using standard Visa or MasterCard Readers
The ARAW token aims to integrate with Visa and MasterCard following our own mobile
solution to ease the transactions for merchants and consumers globally. Customers will
be able to use virtual Araw Card from their Araw mobile wallet for touch & pay micropayments at their favourite retailers.
Phase#3 Merchants accepts Araw Card Payment using Araw Card Reader Hardware
Depending on the funds raised; we will be targeting to develop our own hardware to
accept payments globally. We will be targeting this after ARAW token becomes a global
cryptocurrency used by multiple countries. We expect increased adoption of Araw token
with the introduction of hardware card reader.
We will aim to release another form of authorised paper to detail phase#2 and phase#3
by mid of 2019.
31

Rewarding Shopping

Open API Platform
With ARAW Token Open API Platform, users do not need to know

any

form

of

programming code or language to make use of the system. It is structured to be utilised
out of the box.

Araw Payment
Gateway

Araw
Platform

Technical
APIs

Global
Merchants

E-Commerce
Plug & Play
Widget

Open APIs can be structured in various ways but the main takeaway of every API
architecture is that API itself can readily be used and accessed by as many customers as
possible from every part of the globe. Open API is an application-programming interface
that gives the owner of a network the chance to allow people from different parts of
the globe to be able to access the services like developers. It provides transparency to
all users with the functionality of the system - unlike traditional private API’s companies
typically use.
It is not necessary to be a participating member of the ARAW platform to make use
of the ARAW token or offer the ARAW token as a reward. Our Open API ensures that
merchants that are not ARAW platform customers will have access to and participate
in different transactions on ARAW token platform. You can make payments, exchange
and purchase ARAW tokens using our web wallets or use the ARAW token mobile app.
These retailers can integrate their e-commerce stores into our system and maintain their
apps using our API to offer redemption and receive payments. Similarly, their customers
can use our wallet to purchase their goods and services using ARAW token . Should the
service-providers of our API choose to, they can create their unique custom solutions to
process transactions with ARAW tokens.
32

Rewarding Shopping

Banking System Integration
With seamless banking system integrated in the Araw Platform, Customers will be able to
buy ARAW tokens using linked bank accounts. They will also be able to exchange ARAW
tokens with fiat and send cashback to linked accounts.

Araw Mobile Wallet
The seamless integration of Araw Mobile Wallet with Banking and cryptocurrency
Exchanges will enable Araw Platform users to;
1. Top-up ARAW Tokens with a click of a button
2. Send and Receive ARAW tokens
3. Exchange ARAW tokens with any other crypto currencies like ETH and BTC
4. Exchange ARAW Token with fiat currency and get cashback
The ARAW mobile wallet continuously connected to Cryptocurrency Exchanges maintains
the live exchange rate of the ARAW token and other cryptocurrencies.
33

Rewarding Shopping

Cryptocurrency Exchanges Integration
Araw platform integration with cryptocurrency exchanges would allow users to exchange
ARAW tokens with other cryptocurrencies (like ETH and BTC). Users of the platform
can also convert from one cryptocurrency to the other and from cryptocurrency to fiat
currency.

Consumers

Bu
AR y/S
AW ell

Araw
Platform

API
Integration

Crypto
Currency
Exchanges

l
el
/S
y
W
Bu RA
A

Merchants

Ethereum Blockchain – Proof of Delivery & Service
The Araw e-marketplace leverages smart contracts to make the process of exchanging
goods with ARAW token fast, secure and add trust in the system. It generates secure escrow
for two transacting parties. Through this method they are given a money–back guarantee for
buyers if the product turns out to be substandard and for the seller, it ensures that the fund
for the product they placed on the marketplace is securely transferred to them.
The distributed ledger system keeps funds secure and prevents any transaction participant
from having control over the funds until independent delivery services confirms that product
is successfully delivered to the buyer using external oracle. If the buyer is satisfied with the
quality of product delivered, the payment is transferred to the seller and the share of payment
that is owed to the delivery service will also be transferred. The Ethereum blockchain makes
transactions between two individual possible without any need for an intermediary. This in
turn reduces the cost of management and business transactions overall.
When customers make purchase using the ARAW tokens, these tokens are stored in the
secure escrow until the transaction has been completed from both the parties. Merchants
can set preferences to exchange ARAW tokens with fiat currency during this transaction
period to protect against volatility of the market.
34

Rewarding Shopping

Peer-to-Peer
The ARAW token platform enables peer-to-

Consumers

Merchants

peer transaction to give users the chance
to engage in direct exchange of goods and
services. This enables free trade between
two parties anywhere in the world. A seller
can sell directly to a buyer across the world

Smart
Contract

without the usual services of middlemen
or

going

through

different

currency

conversions and exchange rate fluctuations.

Family |
Friends

Unified Reward System
With the various offerings of the ARAW Platform, we are set to unseal the current limitations
found in traditional customer loyalty programmes and hasten the development of a
more cooperative, unified, and competitive customer reward industry. We aim to replace
the traditional restrictive reward points system used by typical commerce companies
with a blockchain based dynamic currency that increases participation and interaction
between customers and services. We have the unprecedented opportunity to unlock the
full potential of rewards programmes by combining all sales entities - pooling together a
limitless customer base and rewards on offer.

$$

2

Merchant 1

1 Consumer makes a purchase
from Merchant-1 using fiat

1

currency
2 Transactions registered into
4
Araw
Redemption

Merchant 2

Araw Platform

5

3 Consumer

rewarded

an

ARAW tokens

Consumers

4 Consumer redeems these
Register
Transactions

35

items from Merchant-2
5 Transactions registered into

3
Araw
Rewards

ARAW tokens to purchase

Araw
Platform

Araw Platform

Rewarding Shopping

Roadmap

Q1 2016

Q2 2016

Q4 2017

Q3 2017

Deals and Offers Implemented
Paypal & Stripe Payment Gateways
Integrated in Mobile Apps

Q1 2018
Araw Platform on the
Ethereum Blockchain
- MVP development

Q3 & Q4 2019
• European Expansion
• Araw Card - Touch &
Pay Mobile Solution

Q4 2016

Prototype Araw Platform,
Using Virtual Points
Without Blockchain

Araw Idea Born

Q2 2017

Improved Digital Loyalty &
Marketing Solution Released
Customer Insight Dashboard

Q2 2018

Q3 2018

• Araw Smart Contract &
Liquidity Contract
• Platform Security Audit
• Whitelisting & Airdrop

Araw UK Ltd Company
Headquartered in the
London, UK

• The ARAW Token ICO
Private & Public Sale
• E-commerce Marketplace
• Unified Reward System
• Peer-to-Peer Transfer

Q2 2019
• Release Araw Platform in the UK
• Araw Card Licensing Process

Araw Mobile Apps Launched
in the UK Apple Store &
Google Playstore

Q4 2018
• Araw Mobile Wallet
• Banking system integration
• Crypto Exchanges Integration

Q1 2019
• Open API Platform
• Araw Pay

Q3 & Q4 2020

It's just a beginning!
The Araw Era has begun

36

Q1 2020

Q2 2020

USA Expansion

Asia Expansion

Rewarding Shopping

ARAW Token Economy
Our market principle and mode of operation at Araw Marketplace results to a continuous
circulation of ARAW token among all the market players:
•

Merchants need ARAW token to reward customers for assisting with the sale
of their product, to compensate buyers when they rate products and to pay for
deals.

•

Merchants pay customers as an incentive to increase their footprints of loyal
customers.

•

Customers will be able to spend ARAW tokens to make purchases at Araw
e-commerce marketplace.

•

Customers will be able to purchase ARAW tokens through Araw wallet using fiat
or cryptocurrency.

•

Customers may be offered discounts in replacement for ARAW token.

•

Investors can buy and sell ARAW tokens from cryptocurrency exchanges.

•

Customers will be encouraged to hold tokens in their Araw wallet to get better
futuristic value.

This creates a constant flow of ARAW token within the ecosystem; thus, boosting the
value of ARAW token and qualifies it for trade on an outside stock exchange platform.

Benefits to Investors
•

Strong team of Technology geeks to develop cutting edge technology product

•

Experienced & Proficient e-commerce business development team

•

Existing platform LIVE for more than 2 years

•

The Araw Platform MVP is LIVE for testing

•

Team tokens are locked for 3 years so we are committed to deliver what we have
promised in the roadmap

•

The cheapest price to buy ARAW token is during ICO

•

The ARAW token is going to be a part of the customers day-to-day shopping

•

Use ARAW tokens to make purchases on the Araw E-Commerce marketplace

•

On-boarding Merchants will buy ARAW Tokens from the early Investors

•

Since there are only a certain amount of Araw token that can ever exist, Scarcity
combined with a thriving underlying decentralised ecosystem will result in
appreciation of Araw token value.

37

Rewarding Shopping

Token Generation Event
Ticker: ARAW
Token type: ERC20
ICO token price: 1 ARAW = $0.01
Total tokens: 5,000,000,000
Available for token sale: 3,500,000,000 (70%)
Whitelist: YES (15 May – 30 June)
Know Your Customer (KYC): YES
Pre-sale start date: 1 JULY
Public sale start date: TBD
Soft cap: 5,000,000 USD
Hard cap: 25,000,000 USD
Accepts: ETH
Contact us for pre-sale: tokensale@arawtoken.io

38

Rewarding Shopping

Token Distribution
Reserve Pool

15%

(Lock-up period 3 Years)

750,000,000
Bounty & Airdrop

3%

150,000,000
Advisers

3%

(Vesting period 1 Year)

150,000,000
Founders & Team
(Lock-up period 1 Year)

9%

450,000,000

70%

For Token Sale
3,500,000,000

Token Sale Funds Allocation
Security & Legal

10%

3%

Customer Support

35%
Operations

39

Developement

15%

Sales & Marketing

Research &

37%

Rewarding Shopping

Team
KRUTESH SHAH
FOUNDER & CHIEF OPERATIONS
•

•

•

•

•

Krutesh is qualified and experienced Business Analyst worked
with investment banks like BNP Paribas and Barclays where he
was specialised in developing and aligning business models,
managing people and projects and developing new products.
He worked on shaping the vision and direction of the business
and focus on designing business systems and processes that
enable the successful implementation of the business strategy.
Krutesh is overseeing all operations and business activities to
ensure they produce the desired results and are consistent
with the overall strategy and mission of the company.
Commercial specialties: Business development, Financial
management, Operations management, Project management,
Performance management, Business modeling.
Technical specialties: Financial technology, Data modeling,
Data analysis, Blockchain technology.

CARLO PASCOLI
CO-FOUNDER & CHIEF PLATFORM ARCHITECT
•

•

•

•

40

MSc in Computer Engineering, Carlo has been building
software solutions and leading software engineering teams in
world class companies like Shazam, IG and Thomson Reuters.
In the last 15 years, he’s become an expert in distributed
systems and mobile apps development, with a primary focus
on the financial sector.
Carlo always felt passionate about innovation and believes in
the positive disruption represented by decentralised systems
based on cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology.
He thinks we are living the beginning of a revolution that will
first impact the payment and e-commerce sectors and he
wants to contribute to that.

Rewarding Shopping

DEV SHAH
CHIEF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
•

•

•
•

•

Dev has a Finance Degree from Kingston Business School. He
is an experienced ex-management consultant having worked
at Deloitte, TSC, Compaq, and J.P.Morgan.
He combines core skills with ‘in-depth’ knowledge of systems,
processes, businesses and to build successful businesses
across these numerous industries.
Dev has a structured approach to management and a breadth
of experience from business development to daily operations.
As a serial entrepreneur, this will be his fourth involvement
in a successful business. Previous businesses have executed
successful marketing and operations under Dev’s watchful eye,
and then gone on to greater heights.
Dev’s involvement with ARAW will be to lead the business
development efforts which he is well versed with, having
secured partnering agreements in over 40 different countries
in his previous enterprises.

MANAN JOBANPUTRA
LEAD BLOCKCHAIN DEVELOPER
•
•
•
•

41

Manan has a Computer Science Degree.
He is a lead blockchain developer and an expert in smart
contracts.
Manan has been full stack developer for many years and
passionate about Blockchain and Crypto world!
He has developed complex end-to-end systems using latest
technologies like React, Node etc.

Rewarding Shopping

MASKIM BOYKO
INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEER
•

•

•

Maksim has diploma in Computer Science and PhD degree in
physics from St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg,
Russia.
He is proficient in Linux administration, AWS Infrastructure,
and DevOps with more then 10 years of solid experience.

Maskim is an expert in Mathematics and Cryptography
science. He has published 4 International Journal Papers.

STEPHEN AO
LEAD DESIGNER
•

•

•

42

Stephen is a Lead Designer / Industrial Designer with a ethos
of applying innovation and design thinking to problems, and
creating solutions to solve these challenges.
He has designed award winning products in both software
and hardware. He has extensive industry experience in UserExperience, User-interaction, Visual Merchandising, Graphic
design, having worked for P&G Prestige, Estee Lauder
Companies, M&C Satchi, Philips.
Stephen has further experience in Interior design, Store design,
Automotive design for clients including Jaguar Land Rover,
P&G, Unilever, Gibson, Adidas, LIME, leading Fashion and Retail
startups.

Rewarding Shopping

Advisors
JANE THOMASON
ADVISORY BOARD MEMBER
•

•

•

•

•
•

Experienced CEO and thought leader in the applications of
blockchain technology for social impact. She is a frequent
commentator and blogger on blockchain and social impact
and conference speaker globally.
She published peer reviewed articles in 2017, on blockchain
and climate finance and the poor and on blockchain as an
accelerator for women’s and children’s health.
Jane is an adviser to several blockchain startups with
applications that solve global problems, and is currently
working with collaborators to co-develop blockchain POCs in
several emerging economies.
She was a hackathon judge and mentor at London Blockchain
Week, London Fintech Week and the Consensys Blockchain for
Social Impact Coalition Hackathon.
She is an advocate for the education and empowerment of
women generally and #WomenInBlockchain.
Dr Thomason is a Global Ambassador and Advisory Board
member of the British Blockchain Association and a member
of the Advisory Board of the Kerala Blockchain Academy.

JOHN WELLMAN
BLEEP PLC, GROUP CEO
•
•

•

•

•
•

43

John is the founder of Bleep UK Plc established in 1981 to
distribute electronic cash registers.
Today Bleep Pos solutions found in a variety of businesses from
small cafés, fast food, casual dining, fine dining, bars , pubs,
retail, hotels to stadiums such the Principality Stadium in Wales,
Chelsea FC, Middlesbrough FC.
In 2009, Bleep launched Web back office (WBO) in the cloud,
well ahead of its time. At the London 2012 Olympics we installed
over 1000 terminals linked to WBO, providing real-time sales
and stock information.
Bleep’s “Events Division” has become number one in the world
for supplying Epos and Payment systems to the largest sporting
events around the World. From FIFA World Cup in Brazil, 2015
Panam games in Toronto, Rugby World Cup, Wimbledon, The
Open, 2016 Euro finals in France, Tour de France, Glastonbury,
Isle of White festival, Commonwealth Games, 2016 Rio Olympics
This year Bleep has added Formula 1 in 15 countries around the
world in their portfolio.
John will play a key role to make the ARAW Token’s vision
succeed

Rewarding Shopping

PARESH MASANI
PLATFORM VISION & STRATEGY
•

•

•

•

•

Paresh is a Gold Medalist in Masters Degree in Computer
Science from one of the most prestigious university in India,
National Institute of Technology, Trichy.
Having worked over 10 years as an Executive Director in Banking
and Finance, Paresh will make a vital contribution to the Araw
Platform’s future vision.
Paresh possesses solid understanding of FinTech business and
technology; and has a proven track record of running successful
businesses.
He is a technology geek and has worked as technical lead
and full-stack developer for some of the critical Banking and
Finance projects in the world!
Paresh is an expert in security, cryptography, blockchain
technology, and end-to-end system development.

NICOLO STEWEN
CEO OF CRYPTOANALYST.CO
•

•
•

Nicolo has been a crypto-enthusiast since early 2014 and
is the CEO and Founder of CryptoAnalyst.co, a leading
cryptocurrency and blockchain news website with a focus
on international politics and the mainstream adoption of
blockchain technology.
He is a serial entrepreneur and investor who has found success
in a variety of different industries.
Nicolo focuses mainly on the Fintech Industry and has a real
passion for innovation. He is a regular speaker at conferences
and events and has contributed to a number of specialist
publications and websites.

SRINIVAS ANALA
FOUNDER OF BLOQWISE
•

•
•

•

44

Before becoming a true believer in Decentralised technology,
Srinivas has a combined 10 Years of experience working for
Industry Leading FinTech companies.
He will bring his knowledge and experience to help Araw build
decentralised payment for e-commerce ecosystem
Srinivas founded Bloqwise to support growth and sustainability
of blockchain ecosystem. He built an active and growing global
community of blockchain developers, crypto currency investors
and decentralised technology enthusiasts.
Expert in providing technical guidance, blockchain technology,
and community support.

Rewarding Shopping

Closure Statement
The ARAW token will prove to be a revolutionary cryptocurrency for the e-commerce and
payment ecosystem to ensure merchants and customers get their optimum satisfaction
from the services. With the aforementioned features of the ARAW token, merchants
will have a more convenient and economical service while engaging their customers.
This will also encourage customers to continue using the ARAW cryptocurrency card as
frequently as possible. This will help to boost purchases in thousands of businesses, and
also satisfy millions of customers by providing a great way to continue shopping in the
same way and earning rewards in doing so.

45

Rewarding Shopping

