Contents
Executive Summary
Key Value Propositions
Cryptocurrency trading. Market analysis
Introduction to market
Market problems
Competitors Analysis
Arbitrage process
A brief description of the process
Realization of arbitrage opportunities
The Product
Description
Background
Technical part
Economic part
Tokensale
Token Functions
Why ARBIDEX is carrying out an ICO?
Tokensale Details
Roadmap
Use of Funds
Team
Risks
Conclusion

3
4
5
5
8
10
11
11
11
12
12
14
15
15
17
17
19
20
21
24
25
26
28

2

Executive Summary
ARBIDEX is a trading platform that accumulates liquidity from all major
cryptocurrency exchanges and completely automates an exchange arbitrage process
for the stakeholders.
A major goal for carrying out an ICO is to create and develop a platform for
professional traders that allows to trade cryptoassets from different exchanges via a
single interface, to connect professional tools (like MT4) providing a high-quality service
with low a commission rate. The key feature of the platform is automation of interexchange arbitration process strategies, which allows the platform users to make profit
by using a deposit to eliminate non-efficiencies of the market, i.e. arbitrage situations.
ARBIDEX is raising revenue from:
•
•

Commissions of profit from arbitrage strategies – up to 50% of revenue from
a successfully implemented arbitrage chain.
Commissions of execution of orders at different exchanges while regular
trading operations.

Utility token of the platform allows to:
• Access premium services of the platform (including implementing arbitrage
strategies on large deposits) and a lower commission rate for trading
operations.
• Pay for commissions and chargeable services of the platform with a big
discount.
• Participate in platform development for every investor: voting for listing new
tokens and other issues important for the community (in a longer run, when
the platform will become not only an integrator, but will provide an
independent exchange framework for professional participants).
At the moment ARBIDEX is an operating platform (an MVP) with a set of technical
tools for an exchange arbitrage that is interacting with several cryptocurrency
exchanges accumulating about 10 million US dollars in deposits. Technical architecture
and the efficiency of arbitration strategy were tested over the 4-month period by the
team with their own deposits. The company is registered in Switzerland, because we
value the Swiss legislation approach to blockchain and cryptocurrency and their
aspiration to provide maximum transparency for investors.
Upon completion the ICO, ARBIDEX plans to open representative offices in
multiple jurisdictions to allow traders from different countries maintain trading
operations legally in compliance with anti-money laundering regulations and other
regulations related to cryptocurrency turnover.

3

Key Value Propositions
1. ARBIDEX — is a platform-integrator of exchanges that allows for trading via single
interface at different exchanges, including deployment of MT4 and other software
for professional traders.
2. ARBIDEX is an opportunity to earn on realization of arbitrage strategies without any
risk by virtue of the set of technical solutions integrated into the platform.
3. ARBIDEX is an opportunity to buy any asset at most favorable exchange rate by
virtue of deploying a technical algorithm of partial purchase at various exchanges
and using the chain of transactions.
4. ARBIDEX provides lower commission rates for professional traders with a high-end
service and technical maintenance of trading operations.
5. ARBIDEX is an aggregator of liquidity and an instrument for lowering volatility of the
cryptomarket, which in the longer run will simplify the integration of cryptoassets into
the community and make the market more approachable for institutional investors,
i.e. more mature.

4

Cryptocurrency trading. Market analysis
Introduction to market

A rapid growth of cryptocurrency market has become one of the trends of 2017.
The numbers are truly mesmerizing: in one year the capitalization of the industry has
increased from 13 billion to 350 billion US dollars.

It should be noted that significant amount of money has arrived just recently –
total trade volume exceeded $1 billion in late April 2017 and has been growing ever
since.
Cryptocurrency market has been in a bull trend from the very start of its
formation, which is logical taking into account a deflation nature of the majority of
crypto-assets and a huge flow of funds into blockchain and cryptocurrency industry. At
the moment, according to Coinmarketcap, the number of cryptocurrency exchanges
has long exceeded one hundred, and the number of available cryptocurrencies and
tokens with trading volume above the minimum per day ($ 10,000) exceeded 1200
instances1.
One of the key features of the cryptocurrency market is its extremely high level
of volatility, on the one hand, and the lack of liquidity in many currency pairs, on the
other. It is worth noting that the whole market several times passed through a serious
correction stage due to negative political and technical developments: prohibitions of
crypto currency in various countries, primarily in China, hacking and stealing money
from large stock exchanges. But despite this, the growth continues at a crazy rate,
which is due to the constant inflow of funds connected with potentially extremely high
revenues from long-term investments and trading. In addition, cryptocurrencies is a
limited resource, with the biggest share being stored on ‘cold wallets’, and the share of
these funds is constantly growing, which further aggravates the rush.
Unlike traditional markets, the value of an asset can vary by tens or even
hundreds of a percent per day. So even the most conservative asset of the market – a
Bitcoin – can undergo a 20% take-off and correction within one or two trading days.
Other liquid assets are even more volatile, so traditional exchange strategies here work
with significant limitations. An extremely high level of volatility and speed of alterations
1

https://coinmarketcap.com/all/views/all/

5

of value of some assets versus others, as well as the diversity of exchanges, paired with
different liquidity on each of them, as well as features of input-output of funds creates
fertile ground for one of the most attractive trading strategies – an arbitrage. With the
right approach to calculation and implementation it implies a small controlled risk, which
eventually becomes minimal or completely absent.

The difference in Bitcoin's exchange rate on different exchanges
The market features lots of platforms for exchange of crypto-assets, and their
number has long exceeded 100 (according to coinmarketcap.com and coinhills.com).
However, as of the moment of drafting the latest version of ARBIDEX WhitePaper
(03.12.17) there are only 33 platforms with a trading volume of more than 500 BTC (see
Table 1. of the Appendix). Here we list 10 largest crypto-exchanges as of now:

6

At least 380 different trading pairs of crypto assets are traded on the 10 largest
exchanges, with about 20 assets being conditionally highly liquid within the
cryptocurrency market framework (with trading volume exceeding 50 million US dollars
per day). It is worth noting that often this volume is shown by not trading vs a US dollar,
but by the exchange of crypto-active assets of some value, for example, trading vs BTC
or ETH (which indicates that the actual liquidity of such assets in dollars is less than the
figure in statistics). All this suggests that there is not much real liquidity on the market.
This leads to actual situations that has been observed on crypto-market throughout all
its lifetime:
1. The infusion of a significant amount of funds into a crypto-asset can
significantly affect the price (by times), which is called "a pump". Just like selling a large
quantity of an asset on the market with a little liquidity leads to a significant drop in
prices (also by times). This is called "a dump".
2. Constant trade in a variety of isolated areas, paired with high volatility, leads
to a permanent occurrence of arbitration situations, when, despite numerous tradingbots, there are still time intervals with clear difference in prices, especially if the price
of one crypto-asset is calculated through pair-chains of other crypto-assets. And this
difference can amount to several percent.
These two features of the market lead to extremely high volatility, which
significantly limits the use of crypto-currency for any practical tasks of real economy
sector where the margin on earnings can be less than the price alteration of
cryptocurrency per day. In addition, this greatly increases the risk of trading (in many
currency pairs, trade is reduced to only the "pump" and "dump" options where shortsighted traders, especially when using margin trading, are losing money).
In addition, we should note the multiplicity of crypto-assets and the need to
create multiple accounts and pass through verification at many exchanges to start
trading crypto- assets outside of the most popular ones. At the same time, all these
exchanges provide a trading service through the web interface (which is rather
inconvenient for professional traders) or API.
Thus, it can be concluded that the crypto-currency market is extremely
immature for institutional investors at the moment. As we see it, it would be extremely
useful for the market to increase liquidity making it more approachable for major players
from technical convenience, service and liquidity perspectives. All this would allow for
bringing crypto-currencies and tokens closer to the use in the real world, which would
accelerate their adoption and expansion into the level of permanent integration into
social and economic relations. This, in our opinion, would contribute to a faster
development of the crypto-currency sector in collaboration with business from other
economy sectors.

7

Market problems
Problem

Solution

Low liquidity
Many trading pairs are low-liquid, which
applies even to popular crypto-assets. As
a consequence, there are large spreads,
the ability to manage the market with a
small amount of funds (in comparison
with institutional stock exchanges). In
addition, there is a problem of entering
and quitting with large amounts, which
significantly reduces the interest of
institutional investors to the market.

Liquidity aggregation
It is necessary to take steps to increase
market liquidity in various ways, i.e. to
connect liquidity providers and integrate
multiple sites with a single broker. This
will allow a broker's client to immediately
access to all trading assets, which will
allow the asset (on condition of market
interest in it) to easily obtain liquidity of
many participants who do not need to
register at a new exchange or transfer
deposits, and so on.

No regulation and transparency
Most
crypto-instruments
are
not
regulated. Examples of exchanges
operating under the license of Japan
(Coincheck) or Luxembourg (Bitstamp)
are single. This leads to ease of market
manipulation, money laundering and
many other illegal transactions. All this
leads to difficulties and unwillingness of
an institutional investor to work with such
platforms.

Creating a transparent adjustable broker
For the inflow of institutional investors,
maximum transparency and compliance
with legislation is necessary. The solution
is within the scope of registration and
obtaining necessary licenses in the
jurisdictions of Japan and others, as well
as the conduct of KYC / AML procedures
that comply with the standards of
traditional brokerage industry. In this
case, institutional clients will easily work
with such services, both for speculative
trading, and for purchases of cryptoassets with physical delivery.

Complexity of integration
Many exchanges work with API support,
but they use different standards that are
not suitable for professional software and
trading terminals. This leads to
inconvenience to the user and the
complexity of work of a professional
trader on the crypto-currency market.

Development of a technical solution
To integrate many exchanges, you need
to either transfer the entire industry to a
new standard, which is problematic, or
write your original software and install
hardware (servers that collect data with
minimal delay and send the user, as well
as other special equipment). Such
technological solution will allow for
integration of all the necessary platforms
into one interface, with minimum delays
and maximum comfort for work.

Complicated access to trading a desired Integration of major crypto-exchanges
asset
into one terminal
8

If you look at top-10 crypto-instruments,
you will notice that the set of tradable
assets varies significantly from site to site.
This leads to the need to register at
various exchanges to trade a desired
asset. In addition, such a distribution of
assets across different sites significantly
reduces their possible liquidity, because
in order to get access to the liquidity of
each exchange it is necessary to carry
out the listing. It usually takes long,
expensive and the choice of assets for
listing in some cases is not transparent at
all. Since at the moment, cryptoexchanges are in fact isolated from each
other, each of them has an extremely
limited liquidity that applies only to the
pairs that were listed on this very
exchange.

We firmly believe that very soon a trader
will not need to register at a new
exchange just to buy a specific cryptoasset. Only the integration of all
significant crypto-sites within one
interface (as we see it within an MT4
professional terminal) is the solution to
the problem. This will allow the trader to
work with one service and purchase all
the necessary assets in "on demand"
mode. This will provide liquidity to these
assets (as many traders will have access
to them immediately) and reduce the
dependence
of
companies
and
blockchain projects on listing their token
at a specific exchange.

Unprofessional approach
Crypto-trading,
despite
rapid
popularization and the inflow of
professionals from traditional markets, is
still designed for geeks and marginals.
Most exchanges have only a web
interface and its quality leaves much to
be desired for a professional trader.
There are very little features related to
orders, special stops and other tools
familiar to trader. For the influx of
institutional investors, it is necessary to
introduce professional software and
terminals into the industry.

Introduction of professional tools
The problem of inconvenience for
professional participants due to poor
development
of
crypto-exchange
services can be solved only by changing
the approach to a more serious one. We
believe that the industry standard should
be a fully-charged MT4 with trading pairs
represented by all crypto-assets from all
leading crypto-exchanges.

Extremely high market volatility
This problem is in fact a superposition of
all the others. There is a market with
limited liquidity, a significant manipulative
component and a huge number of nonprofessional participants, whose funds
are captured by big players through
pump-dump schemes. For institutional
investors, such a market is completely
inappropriate and not interesting, despite
the fact that many its representatives
trade here as individuals.

Complex solution of the above problems
To solve the problem of high market
volatility the following steps are needed:
regulation, transparency, high liquidity,
professional participants. All these
problems need to be solved in a
comprehensive manner actually by
introducing a new product suitable for
institutional investors to the industry.

9

These issues have remained unresolved from the very formation of
cryptocurrency market and we’ve been experiencing it all the time we’ve been in this
business. So it was logical for ARBIDEX team who has extensive experience on the
markets for institutional investors and cryptocurrency market, to create a framework
that solves the issues by means of its technical architecture. We set the task to create
a professional product that provides a high-quality service to a trader and also solves
industry issues, together with opportunities to make profit for the users. ARBIDEX team
firmly believes that transition of the market to a more mature stage will bring value and
benefot to all the participants.

Competitors Analysis

Attempts to create a platform capable of aggregating crypto-liquidity are being
made and will continue to be made, because the market has obviously formed the
demand. However, at the moment we are aware of several projects that are positioned
as providers of crypto-currency liquidity for exchanges and hedge funds, that is, they
are purely B2B solutions, for example - B2BX. Several other projects also exist, but as
of late November 2017 they have not yet been introduced to the public, so we cannot
make a public comparison to them.

The closest competitor of ARBIDEX is B2BX that has recently completed the
initial token offering. However, this project has a main focus on the corporate sector
and providing liquidity to institutional players.

10

ARBIDEX platform is designed for a wide range of participants and does not
require the unconditional use of its tokens to work with the service (unlike, for example,
B2BX), although it provides significant advantages for traders who choose to use ABX
tokens. In addition, there is a number of services on ARBIDEX platform that give a user
significant value that competitors can’t boast - it’s a service of automated execution of
arbitrage chains, buying specific assets on different exchanges with the most favorable
market rate and a number of others.

Arbitrage process
A brief description of the process

Inter-exchange arbitrage is a trading strategy that is based on the price
difference of the same asset(s) on various exchanges. Arbitrage opportunities are in
fact inefficiency of the market, expressed, for example, in the backlog of the reaction
of certain exchanges to a drastic change in the value of an asset, or a big difference in
spread at different exchanges. In addition, arbitrage opportunities open in the event of
a price difference on an asset obtained through a chain of purchases and sales via
intermediate assets. In this case, the difference in prices during the passage of the
entire chain accumulates and becomes a significant amount, which at the cryptocurrency market currently reaches up to a few percent (1-3%). Such an
arbitrageopportunities exist for a second, and for a trader who implements bidding on
arbitrage strategies, a constant search for opportunities and their implementation is
important.

Realization of arbitrage opportunities

The process of implementing of arbitrage strategies involves a number of
complexities that require a well-considered technical and program implementation to
achieve a stable positive result:
1. Having deposits on several leading exchanges (the more sites are covered,
the better).
2. Availability of specialized software that monitors arbitrage opportunities.
3. Having specific hardware (specially allocated and properly configured
servers, with a minimum ping, etc.) and software that integrates exchanges
interacting with them.
It is important to note that all transactions must occur with a minimum delay in
relation to each other. Also, the risk of technical errors, failures and delays should be
minimized, as it can destroy the profit from the arbitrage transaction.
An example of two arbitrage chains implemented in the automatic mode
deploying ARBIDEX MVP platform:

11

In this example the BTC-> ETH-> ETC-> BTC exchange sequence was
implemented, and the total profit from this transaction amounted to 0.827%, i.e. as a
result of this exchange chain, the amount of BTC increased by ~ 0.8% compared to
those sent to the chain in just seconds. The profit in this example appeared from a small
difference in asset prices relative to each other, and over 3 exchange iteratioms this
difference accumulated and became equal to ~ 0.8%. It is important to note that during
each trading iteration there is a lot of arbitrage opportunities with different capacities,
includiing significantly greater capacity (the ability to put more funds through this chain).
ARBIDEX algorithm is engaged in a permanent search for arbitrage chains
between exchanges in order to makeprofit.
The question arises - what is the capacity of the arbitrage opportunities? What
amount of funds is needed to exclude such opportunities (or reducing the profitability
of this activity to the amount of commissions for orders execution)? This question does
not have a simple answer, as it requires confidence in fixing all the chains at all the
exchanges. Such a guarantee cannot be provided by any software (as well as the fact
that there was the chain that had time to be traded out until the software found it). The
trend of the market is the following: the number of crypto-exchanges and crypto assets
is constantly growing, and this growth is much faster than the inflow of new funds to
the market. As a result, at the moment the arbitrage market will expand and the
availability of an automated mechanism for searching and executing such opportunities
is an excellent chance for low-risk earnings on a volatile crypto-market.

The Product
Description
ARBIDEX is a trading platform that aggregates crypto assets and liquidity in one
terminal from all key crypto-currency exchanges in the world with the ability to search
and implement arbitrage opportunities. The platform is able to analyze thousands of
pairs of crypto-currency and find the most profitable chains, earning up to 2-3% from
each. This means that each participant of the platform has the following options:

12

1. Trading all crypto-assets that are listed on the top 25 crypto-exchanges from an
MT4 professional terminal, with the requirement to register and verify only on
ARBIDEX platform.
2. Working with arbitrage strategies with minimum of technical difficulties and
problems. In ARBIDEX this is not harder than placing a standard order at the
exchange.
3. Working with fiat input /withdrawal of funds in a trusted jurisdiction. ARBIDEX will
comply with the legislation of the jurisdictions of presence as much as possible,
all necessary licenses and permits will be received and checking accounts in
respectable banks will be opened. For ARBIDEX legal compliance and reliability
of interaction is one of the business priorities.
4. Margin trading, social trading (the ability to conduct forecasts and strategies, and
verify them) and other tools needed by some categories of traders.
5. Savings on exchange commissions. ARBIDEX is designed to reduce the costs of
traders and increase their revenues. Working on the platform will reduce
commissions up to 4-fold relative to the 0.2% standard exchange rate on the
market.
The platform will make trading on the crypto-currency market more
comfortable and profitable for each participant. For example, any transaction for the
purchase of any traded crypto active can be executed at the most favorable proceeding
from all connected exchanges. At the same time, savings on large amounts can reach
significant values, especially at long distances.

13

The platform will receive commissions from profitable arbitrage transactions and
commissions for execution of standard orders. These commissions will be lower than
standard exchange ones - we offer 10% discount on commission at the entrance to the
standard exchange rate (0.18% vs. 0.2%) for any trader. When paying in tokens, the
commission is reduced to 0.1%, and for premium tariff plans it can reach up to 0.05%
and even less for certain transactions.

Background
The team of traders and technical specialists of the project has 10+ years
experience of algorithmic trading and arbitration strategies on traditional markets, and
1.5 years at the crypto-currency market (individual team members have more
experience). We had the idea of making money on arbitrage transactions and
developing independent software and technical infrastructure to increase the
profitability of trading back in 2016, as the development of the exchange infrastructure
for crypto-currency traders (compared, for example, with the Forex market and other
traditional markets) has been at an extremely low level of development.
In this regard, we developed a special software for the integration of exchanges
and the implementation of arbitrage strategies, which was tested privately on our own
deposits as early as spring of 2017. After that we received funds for management from
a number of holders of significant amounts in crypto-currencies and fiat money to
increase capital with the help of arbitrage strategies. Currently, the amount of funds
under our management exceeds $ 10 million, and the MVP platform has already been
developed, accessible to all newcomers in private testing mode. For now there is
limited functionality, but you can already use your deposit for trading on several
exchanges or the execution of arbitrage strategies. If you are a trader and you are
interested in the possibility of testing our product, please contact us at
denis@arbidex.ch.
The purpose of the ICO is to rapidly scale the platform and service with the
simultaneous launch of a number of processes, such as obtaining the licenses and
completing all legal procedures. In addition, a significant part of the funds will be
allocated to further development and solution of infrastructure issues, marketing and
involvement of traders in the platform (we already have traders who actively take
advantage of arbitrage trading and the integration of exchanges, however, for rapid
and large-scale development of our business we will need a significant marketing
budget).
We understand that the capacity of the arbitrage market can be significantly
limited, but the implementation of arbitrage processes is only an additional option. The
main business process is the aggregation of liquidity and exchanges, the creation of a
convenient environment for trade with a professional interface and reduced
commissions, attracting large investors to the crypto-currency market. The platfoem
earns mainly by a transactional model that successfully functions regardless of the
capacity of the arbitrage market and the change of operating conditions.
14

Technical part
This section is presented in a technical Whitepaper, which will be available
starting from the day of pre-ICO.

Economic part
This section describes the part related to forecasting operation of business
model of the platform. The platform is a commercial endeavor, and we believe that it is
important for our investors to understand what how the platform will be earning the
funds for operation and development after spending the funds collected at the ICO for
business scaling.
The revenue of the platform is based on:
1. Share of profits from successfully executed arbitrage transactions
2. Commissions for the execution of customer orders
Share of profits from arbitrage transactions
By virtue of the ability to track the actual difference between the rates of traded
currency pairs on several exchanges, a robot-system automatically makes transactions
with an accurately calculated effect based on real data. Both token holders and regular
registered platform users receive system recommendations that rely on the current
course of automatic trading and can perform arbitrage transactions using their own
funds. The platform will deduct a commission (the so-called "success fee") of up to 50%
from the revenue of such an operation. In this case, the commission for the holders of
the tokens will be less than for regular users, and they will have access to a significantly
larger amount of deposit that can be used to work with arbitrage strategies.

15

Commission from transactions
A basic service commission for orders esecution at all exchanges is 0.18%. The
incoming commission is 0-0.05% on average for all exchanges (exchanges provide
discounts on commissions, since the company has large volumes and special
cooperation agreements).
Thus, ARBIDEX earns:
Estimation of commission income for execution of orders:
X — average incoming commission (cost of execution of the order at the cryptoexchange)
M1 (Day) = (0.18-X) * Volume_std, daily profit
Volume_std = Volume_all − Volume_VIP,
Volume_VIP = customers with premium status and reduced commissions.
We assume that on average the exchange's margin on the commission is ~
0.075% (taking into account the deduction of premium customers).
We assume that an average income from one arbitrage chain is ~ 0.4%, then an
average income for ARBIDEX is ~ 0.2% from each executed chain.
Let’s consider 3 scenarios and ARBIDEX revenues based on the averages shown
above. The evaluation was carried out under 3 scenarios — negative, average and
positive.
Negative
BTC trade volume,
trading
Revenue from trading,
BTC
BTC trade volume,
arbitrage
Revenue from arbitrage,
BTC
TOTAL

Day

Month

Year

2 000,00

60 833,33

730 000,00

1,50

45,63

547,50

1 728,00

52 560,00

630 720,00

1,73
3,2

52,56
98,2

630,72
1 178,2

Average
BTC trade volume,
trading
Revenue from trading,
BTC
BTC trade volume,
arbitrage
Revenue from arbitrage,
BTC

Day

Month

Year

10 000,00

304 166,67

3 650 000,00

7,50

228,13

2 737,50

10 368,00

315 360,00

3 784 320,00

10,37

315,36

3 784,32

TOTAL

17,9

543,5

6 521,8

16

Positive
BTC trade volume,
trading
Revenue from trading,
BTC
BTC trade volume,
arbitrage
Revenue from arbitrage,
BTC

Day

Month

Year

20 000,00

608 333,33

7 300 000,00

15,00

456,25

5 475,00

14 000,00

425 833,33

5 110 000,00

14,00

425,83

5 110,00

TOTAL

29,0

882,1

10 585,0

Thus, even in the event of a negative scenario, ARBIDEX platform will have
enough funds for operational activities and further development without additional
funding from outside after implementing the tasks that the ICO is carried out for.
During the evaluation of economic indicators, the real statistics accumulated
by the team during six months of working with MVP ARBIDEX were used. Calculations
show that the platform business model is profitable, and accumulated funds will be
sufficient for intensive development of the platform and business growth after the ICO.
For our project an ICO is only a means of accelerated entry into the mass market and
scaling.

Tokensale
Token Functions

ABX token is used at ARBIDEX platform. It is an access tool to the platform, as
well as an internal accounting tool. We envision the platform to be designed for
professional community of traders. Hence members of our community - ABX tokens
owners will be receiving an enhanced platform functionality that allows them to make
extra profits from trading and arbitrage transactions, as well as the opportunity to
develop it together with us.
ABX Token has the following functional:
1. Access to premium platform features.
ABX Token is a means of accessing the platform's premium features, such as
automated arbitrage on large deposits, the lowest commission rate and a number of
other pre-eminent functions.
2. Token is an internal settlement facility with an integrated discount on
ARBIDEX service.
Any trader who applies algorithmic strategies and, as a consequence, has a
large daily turnover, knows that the tangible part of his income is taken by exchange
commissions for the orders execution. ARBIDEX platform provides the opportunity to
pay commissions using our tokens, which allows members of our community - tokens
owners to reduce exchange commissions by at least 50%. Also ABX tokens will be

17

accepted for payment for paid platform services with a significant discount compared
to other payment methods.
3. Token is the right to participate in the platform development.
ABX Token does not represent a share in the company or the option of voting
on the payment of dividends or other principal issues, as it is not an equity. However,
owners of ABX tokens can use them to vote for listing / delisting tokens on the internal
exchange: the assets that are traded on the internal exchange will be integrated into
the interface and the list of currency pairs.
Also, for the listing of new tokens of new ICO-projects, an auction listing system
will be introduced. The bids on this auction can be made only by ABX tokens. Unlike
other platforms dealing with the listing of tokens in a rather vague operational mode
with almost zero transparency for large contributions to BTC, we propose a different
strategy - listing tokens of truly interesting projects useful for the community projects,
the potential of which is really appreciated by the industry and experts. In this case,
the decision is made with the maximum consideration of the platform investors'
opinion (i.e. tokens owners), but the final decision is made by the platform (legal
factors are to be taken into account, such as unauthorized listing of a token with
essential security attributes may lead to the closure of the platform by regulators).
Token use: tokens amount necessary to obtain a specific status:
Basic Upgraded
Silver
Gold
Ultimate
1000
15000 30000 80000
Deposit of tokens, ABX
Deposit in arbitrage, BTC
<0.1
0.1-1
1-10
10-100
100+
Limits (lower limit) of the
trade turnover,
50
300
1000
2000
BTC/month
0,18%
0,13%
0,11%
0,09%
0,05%
Trading commission
We note the need of trading permanent turnover to support low commissions,
otherwise the commission rate rises to the previous category (for example, 0.13% for
Silver, which does not support the necessary trading volumes). If the value of the
token increases significantly after the end of the ICO, the volume of deposits can be
reduced by transparent voting of ABX token owners (the voice weight is proportional
to the number of tokens), but not earlier than 4 months after the end of the ICO.
Based on our token economy, we assume that a professional crypto-trader is
surely interested in participating in our ICO - it is an opportunity to earn immediately
after the end of the crowdsale on arbitration strategies, trade in a professional
interface at multiple exchanges with reduced commissions at once and gaining other
advantages from the premium status on the platform, the access to which gives ABX
token.
With the growth of the platform, the investor also has the opportunity to sell
these tokens on the market, as there will be a constant demand for them (plus the
number of tokens will be decreasing due to their spending to pay commissions), which
18

may possibly generate additional revenue. However, we warn that we absolutely
cannot guarantee the growth of the value of the token and encourage traders to focus
on their use as access to premium status and high limits on arbitration, as well as
discount on the platform commission.
Token Name

ABX

Code

ABX

Issuance Amount

25 000 000 ABX

Token Sale Price

1 ABX = $1 (Special bonus of 20%
during the Private placement and
PreSale, 1 ABX = $0,83)

Particulars

ERC-20
Ethereum-Based Token

Why ARBIDEX is carrying out an ICO?

ARBIDEX is carried out an ICO and attracts funds by means of crowdfunding to
ensure the fastest platform scaling possible in a dynamically developing market.
At the moment the project is actively working and developing: we make profit
with the MVP of the platform. However, our deposit is partly made up of conservative
investors' money that can only be used intentionally, i.e. solely for the arbitrage using
our algorithms, and cannot be invested in the development of the platform itself as a
professional stakeholder in the crypto currency market.
In this regard, for the purpose of rapid scaling, a capital of 16,000,000 USD is
needed to simultaneously launch a number of processes, such as obtaining licenses
and formalizing all procedures related to the legal side, developing and solving
infrastructural issues, marketing and maximizing the involvement of traders to the
platform. We already have traders who actively take advantage of arbitrage trading and
the integration of exchanges. However, for the development of our business, significant
marketing costs will be required.
The ARBIDEX platform earns on commissions for the orders execution, as well
as by retaining a portion of the profits from the implementation of arbitrage strategies
by customers. Our goal is to create and develop a professional trading platform where
a trader receives significant advantages compared to regular trade on cryptoexchanges, such as:
1. Earnings on execution of arbitrage strategies.
2. Reduced commissions for the execution of orders on all the world's cryptoexchange exchanges (up to 0.05% per order against 0.2% on most
exchanges, i.e. savings amount up to 4 times).

19

3. A professional terminal with the ability to write their own trading advisors,

access to trading with a minimum delay. We provide the best service.
In this regard, we expect to receive investments mainly from the target audience
of our future customers, who will be able to use their tokens primarily not for
speculation, but for generating revenue by using the platform. Thus, the value of our
token is provided by a service, some functions of which are currently unique on the
market.
Therefore, we are sure that the ICO project benefits both the investor community
and the platform business itself. The platform gets development, while the investors
get the opportunity to earn here and now and make a profit, with the token being the
access to the opportunities of direct earnings. The token value and the service is
basically this: we raise funds for the implementation of a profitable project (profitability
here implies receiving income from the use of the service in comparison with the use
of other trading platforms), that you can use and get direct income from (for example,
by risk-free arbitrage) already the next day after the ICO. We raise money for the
realization of our business, while allowing each investor to earn with us in a transparent
manner. We don’t hope for dump-schemes, speculative component or other common,
but unfortunately extremely unreliable and misleading investor's earnings strategies on
the ICO market.

Tokensale Details
This chapter describes a summary of ARBIDEX project's token sale (initial
tokens offering offering).
Token ticker: ABX.
Presale dates: December 11 - December 25.
Crowdsale dates: January 11 - January 29.
Group
Tokens on sale
Team
Advisors
Bounty
Reserve
Total

Tokens (ABX)
17,200,000
2,800,000
2,000,000
500,000
2,500,000
25,000,000

Supply percent
69%
11%
8%
2%
10%
100%

Tokens distribution:
Each token is equivalent to 1 USD.
Private Placement
Target cap: $ 2,000,000.
Number of tokens: 2,400,000.
Bonus: 20%.

20

PreSale
Target cap: $ 4,000,000.
Number of tokens: 4,000,000.
Bonus: 20%.
TokenSale:
Target fee: $ 10,000,000.
Number of tokens for sale: 10,000,000.
Number of tokens: 10,000,000.
Amount of funds raised: $ 10,000,000.
Each investor can purchase tokens at any stage of presale and major TokenSale.

Roadmap
The development of the ARBIDEX project occurs in several main stages.

21

The stages of product development and team work already passed:
Stage 0: Early 2016
The majority of the current ARBIDEX team began to test and explore the cryptocurrency market, transferring their experience of trading in traditional markets. At the
same time, part of the team has trading experience back from 2013-2014.
Stage 1: Late 2016
Based on the team experience an original software was developed to automate
the simplest arbitrage strategies.
Stage 2: March 2017
Completion of software testing, developed within the framework of stage 1 on
relatively large deposits (> 1 million $). Collecting trading statistics, optimizing software.
Starting the development of an automated non-fiat system with the implementation of
complex arbitrage chains. Integration of 6 leading crypto-exchanges.
Stage 3: September 2017
Full-stack launch of an automated non-fiat abitrage system for the
implementation of complex arbitration strategies. Successful integration of 6
exchanges in one interface. Connecting a number of traders outside the project to test
the work of the platform being created. The deposit used in arbitrage strategies daily
reached $ 10 million, part of the funds was received in trust from private investors for
arbitrage strategies.
Stage 4: 1 of November, 2017
Implementation of a ready-made website prototype for the mass platform use
with the ability to register users. The launch of a system that takes into account five
main crypto assets and the arbitrage opportunities arising between them for mass
testing on private invitations. The system works successfully and consistently.
Conventionally named as a project MVP.
Stage 5: 17 of November, 2017
Expanding the capabilities of the prototype in terms of listed currencies and
sites. Each registered user is able to purchase the desired crypto assets at the most
favorable rate taking into account information from a number of leading exchanges.
The speed of issuing arbitrage chains available for implementation is limited to 1 time
in 37 seconds in test mode.
Stage 6: 10 of December, 2017
ARBIDEX Pre-Sale start. Professional trading and arbitration will soon be
available to the first investors in ARBIDEX project scaling (according to the plan).
Planned stages of the project:
Step 7: January, 2018

22

Listing the ABX token on the internal exchange of the project. Release of the full
functionality of the ARBIDEX platform. Entering tokens on the platform, obtaining all
benefits for token holders, including arbitrage.
Step 8: 1 of February 2018
Release of the prototype application on iOS and Android.
Step 9: 15 of February, 2018
Adding 5 new crypto-exchanges. Acquisition of equipment necessary for
technical operation of the platform series and server capacities. The speed of issuing
arbitration chains - 1 time per second.
Step 10: 28 of February 2018
Implementation of the token voting function. At the same time, all investors in
ARBIDEX scaling receive all the advantages of MVP, which are available immediately
after the ICO according to the amount of purchased ABX tokens, giving access to
various platform functions that are not available to ordinary users.
Step 11:15 of March 2018
The beginning of using the service with fiat money.
Step 12: 30 of March 2018
Listing the first ICO tokens on the internal exchange.
Step 13: April 2018
Obtaining licenses for working with crypto currency and exchange licenses in
Europe, Asia and America. Legal and technological due dilligence platform.
Step 14: June 2018
ARBIDEX platform is licensed in Japan and a number of other countries, openng
offices in the Netherlands, Japan, Switzerland. Institutional investors are able to enter
and withdraw the currency. A module for implementing arbitrage strategies using fiat
currencies was launched. ARBIDEX launches an exchange module after testing. Now
users can also trade in pairs traded directly on ARBIDEX platform, with the tokens and
the crypto-currency listing in the internal trading framework made in the process of
voting, taking into account the opinions of users and platform investors.
Step 15: December 2018
Further development of the platform and the active development of a
decentralized exchange with the aim of enabling the trading of assets without trust to
our platform or exchange based on the current cross-chain interaction technologies.
Based on their experience, ARBIDEX team understands how volatile the industry is,
therefore, adequate business planning in such a dynamic industry for more than a oneyear is incorrect. By this time, according to the plan, the platform will enter the market
of Japan, South Korea, the EU, Switzerland and a number of other countries and will be
actively working with institutional investors. In addition, the platform will have a positive

23

impact on crypto-currency market, setting new professional standards of work, both
from the legal and the equipment, software, liquidity and service sides.

Use of Funds
The funds collected during the ICO will be allocated as follows:

•

30% to Marketing.
The budget is allocated for the creation and launch of advertising campaigns
designed to quickly scale the audience of the project. The main task is to involve
professional market participants and work with institutional partners.

•

25% to Liquidity.
To ensure uninterrupted operation and immediate execution of orders for the
sale / purchase of crypto-currency, a cash reserve on each of the connected
exchanges is needed.

•

18% to the development of the project infrastructure.
ARBIDEX infrastructure includes a set of technical solutions necessary for the
smooth operation of the project, for the availability of the exchange and other
modules of the platform operating 24/7. Protection from DDOS attacks.

•

10% to licenses and other legal fees
The budget is allocaated for the registration of companies in the necessary
jurisdictions and obtaining exchange licenses for work. It is planned to obtain
licenses of Japan and a number of other countries for trading crypto-currencies.
One of the principles of ARBIDEX is maximum transparency and compliance with

24

legislation. This is necessary to receive fiat money, as well as legal protection of
investors and project users.
•

12% to the development of the IT
The funds will be used to develop and upgrade an existing solution based on
MVP. It is planned to finalize the arbitrage system, exchange interface, backend,
a number of certain services, integration with professional terminals. Part of the
money will go to developing mobile platforms for trading: iOS and Andoid.

•

3% to the management
To ensure strategic management of the project requires a budget for
management personnel and top management.

•

2% to the staff.
The budget includes funds to pay staff to support users 24 hours a day. Support
will be provided in English. The number of languages in tech-support will
gradually expand, based on the requests of users of the system.

Team
The project team has trading experience of more than 10 years in traditional
markets and 1.5 years (individual team members have more than 3 years experience on
crypto-market. The experience of asset management on crypto-market is more than 1.5
years, with the volume of assets at the moment exceeding $ 10 million per month. The
team consists of professional traders, financiers, developers of block-making solutions,
marketers, corporate lawyers and other professionals with a high level of competence
in their field. Our expertise allowed us to create a stable operating economic model,
which already works and brings profit on such exchanges as bittrex, poloniex, bitfinex,
kraken, WEX.
•

CEO: Kamilya Arslanova
Kamilya is an entrepreneur and private investor in blockchain projects. She has
a blog about crypto investments. Co-founder of crypto-assets fund, the head of
Blockchain Energy project.

•

Latin America Business Development: Manuel Rimarachin Diaz Segundo
Head of major projects in the field of Finance and cryptocurrency in the region
of LA. Expert in trading and business development.

•

Token Economy Specialist: Vasily Sumanov
An ICO expert, a blockchain-analyst, researcher and developer of digital assets
circulation systems. Expert of the international rating agency IcoBench,
blockchain-analyst of BYTEX, advisor of MicroMoney project that raised 10.5mln
$. A creator of economic and business models for a number of blockchain-

25

startups. A blockchain enthusiast since 2013 with extensive experience in
trading in the crypto-currency market, an active researcher of post-industrial
economy.
•

CMO: Maria Stankevich
More than 6 years of experience in PR.
In the past was the head of the department for public relations in INVENT.
Head of the digital division in Inter RAO. Account director, SNMG.

•

Back-end Developer: Anton Abazin
Head of IT department in such companies as: Tashir, Multiretail, Kapricci.

•

Front-end Developer: Denis Pizhevsky
Lead front-end developer of SalesForce. Education: MSU.

Risks
The participation in the ARBIDEX project and its initial token offering (ITO) may
potentially bring about the following risks:
1.

Risk of interaction with stock exchanges.
Exchange can restrict access to its trading functionality through n API.
Potentially ARBIDEX service can be regarded by the exchanges as a
competitor with more convenient and expanded functionality. To reduce the
outflow of customers, the exchange can block access to specific IP addresses.
This can create temporary inconvenience to potential ARBIDEX users and
disrupt the service.

2. Risks of hacking / closing down the exchanges.

Potentially, the ARBIDEX project carries the risk that exchanges may cease to
fulfill their obligations to users and completely cease their operations. ARBIDEX
cannot influence the activity of exchanges. In this case, the risk is minimized by
gradually connection to the most liquid exchanges with a positive reputation.
However, in case of unexpected closure or fraud by a particular cryptoexchange, some of the users' deposits may suffer.

3. Technical risks.

The ARBIDEX project carries risks associated with the technical
implementation of inter-exchange trading functionality. There are risks of delay
in the execution of orders and execution of arbitrage operations after the profit
opportunity was closed, due to a change in the exchange rate. This risk is
minimized by constant tests and changes in the algorithm of the service.
4. Political risks.

26

The introduction of fiat money and operating the platform worldwide involves
political risks. In the jurisdiction where the operations are to be carried out, the
political situation and, therefore, the attitude to crypto-projects may change.
Risk is minimized through the use of multiple jurisdictions and professional
teams of corporate lawyers - in this case the risk is significantly reduced.
5. Economic risks.

There is an uncontrolled risk of a sharp decline, collapse or other disastrous
changes in the situation on the crypto-currency market, not related to the
activities of ArbiDex. These risks may entail the depreciation of customer
deposits in the fiat form, the difficulty of withdrawing the assets to fiat, freezing
of assets on crypto-exchanges until the resolution of crisis arising from their
own fault, as well as other risks.

27

Conclusion
Within the framework of this WhitePaper, ARBIDEX team examined the cryptocurrency market and its current issues. To solve them and establish the market as more
mature and approachable to institutional investors, complex work is needed to solve a
number of problems: increasing and integration of liquidity, regulation, transparency
and introduction of professional tools.
ARBIDEX platform is acting as one of the products that solves these problems
with its functionality and architecture of business building (in terms of legal framework).
In addition to professional trading tools, compliance and other functionality that allows
trading on the platform for professional traders and investors, the platform also provides
a technical opportunity for automated execution of arbitrage chains, which provides an
additional opportunity to make profit for the customers.
At the moment, there is no analogue to such a product in the public domain.
The platform team launches a token with a fully functioning MVP with a rapidly growing
community of customers; the goal of ICO is to quickly scale and build a professional
network of traders.
Our goal is to make each trader's participation in our platform as valuable as
possible due to a significant reduction in commissions, ease of use with professional
software and earnings for the implementation of arbitrage opportunities that arise
constantly on a dynamically developing crypto-currency market.

28

