Asiacoin (A-Coin)
The Only Decentralized Travel Ecosystem
Welcome to the latest generation of cryptocurrency smart contract
tokens – Asiacoin (A-Coin). These tokens have the potential to
revolutionize the travel industry as it will allow travelers, agencies and
transportation systems to come together in Asiacoin’s self-suﬃcient
ERC20 standard token ecosystem with a global community. Thanks to
the innovative business model underpinned by these Blockchain based
tokens, everyone in possession of Asiacoins will have the opportunity to
enjoy unique benefits such as lower costs, avoidance of double
spending while making bookings, no double bookings, and a faster way
to secure travel and vacation deals.
When rolled out in accordance to our projected roadmap, the Asiacoin
smart travel platform plans to disrupt the worldwide travel industry for
the everyday commute as well as the vacations get away. It will deliver
transparency by removing transaction overheads due to currency
conversions, help avoid potential double spending as seen in travel
bookings and ensure real time booking due to Blockchain smart
contracts.
Asiacoin is envisioned to deliver long term value to its owners. No
tokens will be issued after the ICO crowd-sale thereby placing a limit on
the supply. As the Asiacoin enabled eco system grows, the utility of
Asiacoin will rise automatically. The intrinsic value of the token is
deemed to increase accordingly.
1

The travel industry, alone for vacations, is valued at over $1 trillion
dollars a year (US) and the industry as a whole makes up for 10% of
world spending at over $7.6 trillion. Asiacoin is the first of its kind
specifically designed to connect the Blockchain and the travel
workflows. If you’re an avid traveler, investor, trader, or speculator it’s
tough to ignore the potential of the Blockchain in the travel industry.
Asiacoin (A-Coin) is a blockchain protocol that is customized for the
travel industry using smart contract technology. The Asiacoin protocol
and its Decentralized Applications (DAPPs) targets key travel benefits
and allows for instant bookings, spendable rewards points, from
anywhere in the world at the lowest fees.
The Asiacoin smart contracts ecosystem makes this possible by
handling the sale (contract) of the ticket between the ticket holder and
the traveler through the Asiacoin ecosystem.
Asiacoin (A-Coin) tokens are required to run the Asiacoin ecosystem
through the ether network as ‘fuel’. While initially you can use the ACoin tokens as currency on the Ethereum network, however in the long
run it is meant to keep the Asiacoin blockchain running.
When you buy Asiacoins (A-Coin) in the ICO crowd-sale (initial coin
oﬀering), you are capturing a piece of the Asiacoin protocol that will run
the future Asiacoin DAPPs. 1 A-Coin can be divisible to 16 decimal
places... therefore you are actually obtaining 1.000000000000000 ACoin. To back our early supporters, Asiacoin will also sustain its
momentum by charging a reseller fee of 0.000005 A-Coin to post a
ticket on our platform... It might be a fraction of a penny but it allows
ticket holders to have the best travel commerce platform in the world
with virtually 24/7 uptime. As the Travel ecosystem grows, so will the
value of your A-Coin tokens. You will be able to hold your A-Coin funds,
exchange it with other ether based tokens instantly or use it in the
Asiacoin ecosystem to make ticket purchases.
Through an experienced team, we are dedicated in ensuring that we
constantly create value in the A-Coin travel hub thereby delivering value
increase to the early A-Coin token and token holders.

2

Table of Contents The Future of Travel is with
Asiacoin ……………….………….………….………….………….…….. 4
Asiacoin Features ……………….………….………….………….…….. 6
AsiacoinValue ……………….………….………….………….………… 7
AsiacoinDevelopment……………………………………………………8
Areas of Integration …………………………………………………… 9
TheICO .............................................................................................10
Asiacoin Secure Storage of ICO…..……………………….…………12
TeamAsiacoin .................................................................................13
Asiacoin Blockchain Ticket Demo and Testing ............................. 14
Website Security ...............................................................................15
Legal Aspects and Disclaimer ………………………......................... 15
References………………………………………………………………. 16
3

The Future of Travel is with Asiacoin
We are in the biggest currency shift in human history and Asiacoin has the
potential to become the biggest smart contract system in the world for the travel
market. Asiacoin smart tokens will be used in the travel industry and bring all travel
ecosystems together with a public travel blockchain. In addition to existing travel
options, we are set to see additional new methods, such as space flights, air
travel, city drones and self driving cars. To meet needs of today’s and future travel
options, Team Asiacoin is confidently innovating this space through the Asiacoin
enabled eco system.
The travel and tourism industry is among the world’s biggest industries. In 2016, it
had a global economic contribution (induced, direct and indirect) of above $7.6
trillion. The direct economic impact of this industry, including entertainment,
attractions, accommodation, and transportation, was approximately $2.3 trillion.
The travel industry is the second-fastest rising sector internationally. The industry
is massive. According to research from the World Travel & Tourism Council (WTTC),
this sector employs more people than the mining, automotive manufacturing, and
financial services sectors combined globally.
● 7 times more than automotive manufacturing
● 5 times more than the global chemicals industry
● 4 times more than global mining industry
● 4 times more than the global banking industry
● 2 times more than the financial services industry
4

The travel sector makes up for 10% of total worldwide employment with over 120
million people working in the industry $800 Billion is invested annually into the
industry yearly. Travel sites make an average 10-20% commission per booking
The time share industry is valued at 130 billion and growing at 8% annually
The average person in North America stays 15.7 nights overnight a year spending
on average 65$ a night (Over 300 Billion a year in the US alone)
Growing up in a period of rapid technological as well as cultural change has
shaped the youngest generation, the Millennials. The craving for exploring unique
cultures as well as the desire for unique experience often drives Millennials’ travel.
They desire authenticity, whether via utilizing public transportation or even through
eating typical local cookeries. Travel statistics reveal that 90% of the millennials
book travel online, with 87% of these utilizing digital tools in order to compare
options. Often, the millennials are highly influenced by their social networks,
depending on recommendation as well as images posted by others to choose their
destinations. Travel to global destinations provides them with exciting images to
post on their feeds. Providing transparent, self-serve booking experiences meet
the millennials’ need for autonomy. Since this generation is extremely conversant
with technology and relies a lot on the internet, Asiacoin will add a new dimension
to their travel experience, also making it transparent, easier, lower cost and fun.
Paying digitally through Asiacoin would also take away the hassles due to the
arcane exchange rates associated with the currency conversion. All this will be
possible with just a few clicks from the comfort of using their own smartphones.

Why should someone buy Asiacoin?
Asiacoin is a self-suﬃcient blockchain and fuels itself by the fee it generates on
each transaction. This means over time the more transactions being done the more
Asiacoin will be burned creating a shortage of coins which will increase the value
of the coin. Asiacoin blockchain will be the future of travel transactions because, it
is customized to handle travel ticketing systems as our DAPPs have customized
fields to integrate with current travel systems where ticket holders and rewards
programs can integrate on one platform and make travel commerce convenient for
the end user. As more vendors and more users come onto the Asiacoin platform,
the more demand for the Asiacoin ecosystem will be and therefore raising the
value of the coin itself. Why is Asiacoin better than other Cryptocurrencies?
We have a huge industry to work with; we have a fantastic team with real contacts
in the industry. With no other coin structured for the Travel industry, Asiacoin has
captured the biggest industry in the cryptocurrency market. With our specific
integration into developing the best coin to be used in the travel industry this will
allow for adaptation into the real world markets to be as painless as possible and
that’s a huge advantage Asiacoin can bring over any other coins in the world
today.
5

Asiacoin Features
Exclusively for the Asiacoin owners, when commercially rolled out, the the Asiacoin
will provide following features ,
Lowest Fees: Asiacoin will oﬀer a 1% fee. That’s significantly lower than every
major booking site.
Avoid double spending and double bookings: Using Asiacoin’s smart contract
system and the transparency due to the blockchain, potential double booking or
double spending will be eliminated.
Spendable Rewards Anytime: A rewards program with a set dollar figure involved
for each point and spendable anytime and anywhere is long overdue in the travel
industry. That’s why Asiacoin will be implementing a rewards program to users that
allows them to earn cash back with purchases.
Trip Planner: With the integration of all major travel mediums this will allow for
Asiacoin to oﬀer the best trip planner ever seen, with travel from point “A” to point
“B” at the best rate.
Real Time Booking: Using Asiacoin smart contracts and the blockchain users will
have bookings confirmed in real time.
Reseller Services: Ever booked a trip and then tried to cancel? Not the easiest
thing to do unless it’s for a medical emergency, and they usually charge a hefty fee
for a cancellation. Or you pay upfront for trip cancellation insurance. At Asiacoin
you’ll be able to sell previously booked vacations/tours/trips to another traveler.
Integration with daily Travel: Asiacoin will oﬀer solutions for the everyday traveler,
bus, taxi, or just carpooling to be a few of the solutions oﬀered.
Create your own travel destination for others: Asiacoin will allow users to create
their own destinations for others whether it’s a cottage, beach house, or simply
carpooling downtown. In essence, it will oﬀer many ways users can oﬀer their
services in exchange for Asiacoin cryptocurrency.

6

Asiacoin Value
Overall, the travel industry continues to grow and plays a major role in creating
jobs and entrepreneurship opportunities globally. Locales around the world obtain
revenue as well as exposure to their culture and heritage. Due to the massive web
of diﬀerent platforms and the large size of the networks, there exist some
ineﬃciencies or pain points in the travel industry that require improvement in
process and communication. This would ensure that things are made easier for the
traveler or even businesses associated with this sector. One of these pain points is
the currency conversion dilemma. By oﬀering cryptocurrency, Asiacoin will ensure
that travelers avoid the currency conversion charges. Another major benefit of this
is that carrying a lot of cash will be needless, which is extremely convenient when
travelers are traveling in foreign countries. Asiacoin also makes travel easier by
helping travelers avoid bank fees associated with withdrawing money from an ATM
or even utilizing credit cards in foreign countries.
Additionally, a big problem experienced by tourists is the unavailability of ATMs
that support their cards. Asiacoin helps avoid this problem. When paying using
debit cards or even credit cards, an individual is forced to
share their information with merchants. At times, these merchants cannot be
trusted with our banking information. There a high risk of such information being
leaked either deliberately or unintentionally. This big security threat by itself should
be enough to convince people to utilize our relatively safer digital token system.
also issues an E-coin token after the A-coin ICO.
Investors of A-coin get token after E-coin ICO as much as A-coin.

E-COIN

A-COIN

7

Asiacoin Development
Users will be able to put up their own residences as destinations for others to
choose, similar to AirBnB and receive payment in travel coins that they can then
spend on other destinations/trips. With the involvement of travel agencies and
sites around the world Asiacoin will become the main source of currency used in
future travel and vacation industries. We all want to avoid the ever-rising cost of
fuel in our modes of transport. In order to make our daily transport convenient
Asiacoin is committed to making your commute easy and hassle free.

8

Areas of Integration
From the ICO proceeds, Asiacoin will invest significantly in end user compatibility
and liquidity. We have identified strategic partners to participate in Asiacoin’s
ecosystem through technical integration points controlled via Asiacoin APIs
(Application Programming Interface). The dot-com era saw a number of startups
grow into massive online travel agencies, disrupting traditional travel outlets and
creating more convenience and flexibility for user. Sharing economy services like
Uber and Lyft, airbnb and HomeAway are continuing this tradition of disrupting
industries through convenience and flexibility. Asiacoin will continue this tradition
of disruption in the travel industry as a single hub underpinned by the tokens
issued through this ICO sale. Through integration with our APIs, Asiacoin tokens
can be universally acceptable by all travel systems including buses, bike rentals,
cars, taxis, rideshare services, plane, air taxis, shared economy and in future, the
space travel. In addition, users will be able to book travel directly on our website.
We will partner with major travel suppliers and to oﬀer our users a wealth of
options at the lowest rates.

9

ICO Structure
The ICO will feature limited tokens for sale, with each token creating a brother
token to be held by Asiacoin.(E-coin) After the ICO no more tokens will ever be
created.
This means 51% of total coins will be available for sale during the duration of the
ICO i.e. from Oct.
1th to Nov. 15th. First 1month, 20% after days, 15% bonus.
At each milestone “Dream Vacations” will be available in a raﬄe to anyone who
purchased 100 or more coins in that given phase.
2mil – Development of the website with integration of major travel agencies
When 2 mil is reached, 2 Dream vacations will be rewarded to a lucky buyer who
has purchased more than 100 coins in this phase
5mil – Mobile Phone App for major iOS, Android and Windows OS
When 5mil is reached, a single dream vacation will be rewarded to a lucky user
who has purchased more than 100 coins in this phase
7mil – Mobile and Paper Wallet
When 7 mil is reached, a single dream vacation will be rewarded to a lucky user
who has purchased more than 100 coins in this phase
10mil – Credit Card (Travel Pass)
When 10 mil is reached, 5 dream vacations will be rewarded to a lucky user who
has purchased more than 100 coins in this phase 15mil – Rewards Program
When 10 mil is reached, 2 dream vacations will be rewarded to a lucky user who
has purchased more than 100 coins in this phase
30mil- Integration of the modern “Time Share”
When 30 mil is reached, 5 dream vacations will be rewarded to a lucky user who
has purchased more than 100 coins in this phase
40mil – Ride Sharing Integration as well as other common medians of
transportation
When 40 mil is reached, 5 dream vacations will be rewarded to a lucky user who
has purchased more than 100 coins in this phase
50mil – Asiacoin ATMs
When 100mil is reached, 10 dream vacations will be rewarded to a lucky user
who has purchased more than 100 coins in this phase 50mil - Augmented Reality
When 50mil is reached, Asiacoin will implemented augmented reality on mobiles
so you can save and shop in AR
10

Asiacoin 2 Year Roadmap
Nov. 30th 2017
Close oﬀ Asiacoin ICO
Dce. 15th 2017
Asiacoin will reach out to exchanges even before coins are made
available for withdrawal to ensure a quick and eﬃcient listing on relevant
exchanges.
4th Quarter 2017 – Online web wallet on our website will allow users to hold and
transfer coins to and from.
Develop RESTful API for integration with GDSs, OTAs, and other intermediaries
and travel supplier platforms.
1st Quarter 2018 – Develop Android, iOS app to check A-coin balance and send/
receive funds.
1st Quarter 2018 – Printable wallet for those who want a paper trail/copy in their
hands. Perfect for older generations who are not the most tech savvy. Appealing to
all generations is a great opportunity to ensure Asiacoin becomes a major player in
the travel industry.
2nd Quarter 2018 – Integration with major industry partners to rollout user ecosystem. - Physical card created with direct link to the users’ wallet for making
purchases
smoother.
2nd Quarter 2018 – Travel rewards program, the more you use the Asiacoin the
more you get back!
3rd Quarter 2018 – Website to become fully usable on mobile, including all features
on website version, buying tickets and Android, and Apple watch ready.

11

Asiacoin Secure Storage of ICO
Asiacoin is using CoinPayments provided and managed merchant account that
utilizes BitGo’s secure storage for ICO. This further ensures scaleability, security,
safety and transparency to ICO supporters.

12

Team Asiacoin.
Chen Xiaobing (Director, CEO) – 20yrs Business Intelligence, Tourism President
Jason Coles (Director, CFO) – Cryptocurrency Entrepreneur
Tariq Habib (Executive Chair & CTO) – Technology and corporate advisory. CEO
BVR Innovations.
Pearce Nemeth (Strategy Advisor) – Travel and Ecommerce
Lavi Malik (Full Stack Developer) – Asiacoin Smart Contracts and DAPPS
Santosh Kumar (Developer) – Web and Mobile
Sing Tu (Real Time Automation and Security) – Global
Terry Dafos (Strategic Communications) – Global

Chen Xiaobing

Tariq Habib

Jason Coles

Terry Dafos

Sing Tu

Lavi Malik

Pearce Nemeth

Peter Nemeth

13

Asiacoin will utilize solidity for token creation and distribution

ERC20 Standard Token Protocol

14

Website Security
Asiacoins.io is HTTPS with Google 2 Factor Authentication

Legal Aspects and Disclaimer
Due to the retrospective nature of regulatory action, our team can make no
guarantees regarding the legality of the platform or launch of ICO campaign in any
given jurisdiction. A-coin tokens are not securities and do not hold any rights in the
company. We must operate our business in accordance with the laws of relevant
jurisdictions. As such, A-coin tokens may not be immediately available in certain
countries. We will keep A-coin buyers informed of based on quarterly investment
reports. All legal, financial and operational aspects of the A-coin, the ERC20
protocol and associated travel eco systems will be coordinated by a central
management team in Singapore.
Please also review our Terms and Conditions before purchasing A-coin.

15

References
World travel & Tourism Council (WTTC) retrieved from
https://www.wttc.org/research/economic-research/economic-impact-analysis/
Berentsen, A. (2005). Digital Money, Liquidity, and Monetary Policy (originally
published in July 1997). First Monday.
Lynch, D. C., & Lundquist, L. (1996). Digital money.
Lynch, D. C., & Lundquist, L. (1996). Digital money: The new era of Internet
commerce. John Wiley & Sons, Inc..
Paleiov, I., & Angel, A. (2001). U.S. Patent Application No. 09/835,781. Strasser, G.
H. (1998). Digital money.
Vigna, P., & Casey, M. (2015). The age of cryptocurrency: How bitcoin and digital
money are challenging the global economic order. New York, NY: St. Martin's
Press.
Travel Infographic 2020 Travel Goldrush - http://www.amadeus.com/web/
amadeus/en_1A- corporate/Amadeus-Home/Resources-and-downloads/
Infographics/1319560217334-Page- AMAD_DocumentsPpal?
assetid=1319609444513&assettype=Categorizable_P

16

