The Secure Ledger of Things
Vaughan Emery
vaughan.emery@atonomi.io

David Fragale
david.fragale@atonomi.io

Andrii Zamovsky
andrey@ambisafe.co

Peter Kinnaird
peter@ambisafe-financial.com

Abstract
Atonomi provides a security protocol and infrastructure to enable billions of IoT devices to have
trusted interoperability for both data and commerce.
The key innovation of the Atonomi low-level protocol is to root the identity and reputation of
devices on a blockchain-based immutable ledger. Atonomi accomplishes this by building and
deploying an ecosystem of participants designed to maintain decentralized consensus for device
transactions on the Atonomi Network. Combining on-chain and off-chain resources, and built on
Ethereum technology, Atonomi’s architecture is extendible by developers across IoT verticals to
secure the vast realm of IoT devices ranging from healthcare and home automation systems, to
smart-city infrastructure, to industrial sensors and controllers.
This is required because vertically focused IoT companies are building diverse new applications
for both controlled and autonomous device-to-device interactions, but the attack surface represented
by billions of IoT devices—most of which are now unprotected or poorly protected​—​could enable
hackers to disrupt the services that is expected to control many aspects of our lives in the coming
years.
The Atonomi Security Protocol provides the following fundamental contributions to enable
interoperability and secure exchange of data and commerce at scale:
a. Trusted immutable identity of devices through its device identity registration service
b. Reputation protocol to incent and enable Atonomi and decentralized third-party auditors to
build systems to detect and remove bad device actors
c. Tokenized economy for the registration and activation of devices, and facilitation of a
reputation-scoring ecosystem among third-party auditors, and for transaction validation
services
d. Fully extensible architecture designed to be built on top of by vertical IoT applications for
security
Atonomi is a project that leverages established technology of its parent company, Seattle-based
CENTRI Technology. CENTRI is a leader in providing IoT data security solutions, with its
technology integrated into IoT solutions produced by multi-billion dollar ecosystem players like Arm,
Flex, and Intel, among others. CENTRI’s security technology protects data for IoT devices and
provides a solid foundation for Atonomi’s security protocol. Further, CENTRI’s patented security
software currently available and on the market for secure communication services, multi-layer crypto

key management, and fast indexing and searching of encrypted data is integrated into the broader
Atonomi security protocol stack to enable the Atonomi Network to uniquely operate at the high speed
required by IoT.
The Atonomi Network is integral to securing the IoT and its real world applications. For example,
homeowners could register smart home devices with the Atonomi Network to validate devices on the
premises and help eliminate the risk of hackers accessing personal information. Within industrial IoT,
the Atonomi Network can protect against hackers gaining control of the sensors, controllers, and other
devices that regulate the operation of essential infrastructure, such as hydroelectric dams and utility
grids. To unleash the power of IoT, cybersecurity is required.

2

v0.9.1.3s

Table of Contents

Introduction

6

1.1 The Need for Device Identity & Reputation

7

1.2 The Right Technology

7

1.3 How Atonomi Differs from Other Proposed Solutions

8

1.4 Building Upon Years of CENTRI’s IoT Security Experience

8

2.0 Proposing a new IoT Ecosystem with Trust at the Core
2.1 Service to Establish Identity

9
9

2.2 Protocol and System to Manage Reputation

10

2.3 Token to Facilitate Services in the Atonomi Network

11

2.4 Extensible Architecture to be Built Upon

11

3.0 The Atonomi Network - Technical

12

3.1 Atonomi Smart Contracts

13

3.1.1 The Manufacturer Registry

14

3.1.2 The Auditor Registry

14

3.1.3 The Device Registry

15

3.1.4 The Reputation Registry

15

3.2 The Atonomi Token

15

3.3 The Atonomi OEM/ODM SDK

15

3.4 Reputation Registry

16

3.4.1 Atonomi’s Audit and Reputation Service
3.5 Atonomi Services

16
16

3.5.1 Identity Registration Service

16

3.5.2 Device Activation Service

17

3.5.3 Attributes Registration Service

17

3.5.4 Transaction Service Creation and Maintenance Services

17

3.5.5 Device Ownership Transfer Service

17

3.5.6 Reputation Writing and Lookup Services

18

3.5.7 Transaction Validation and Facilitation Services

18

3.5.8 Service Discovery Service

19

3

v0.9.1.3s

3.6 Scalability

19

4.0 Faster and More Secure Services Stack

20

4.1 Fast and Secure Authentication

20

4.2 Small Footprint

20

4.3 Device Agnostic

20

4.4 Secure Data

20

4.5 Intellectual Property and Patents

21

5.0 The Atonomi Secure IoT Ecosystem

21

6.0 Atonomi Use Cases

23

6.1 Early IoT adopters in Healthcare

23

6.2 Innovation in Industrial IoT, Smart Cities, and Home Devices

23

6.3 Supporting Diverse Use Cases

24

7.0 Atonomi Token

24

7.1 Tokenized Identity & Reputation

24

7.2 Commercial Transactions and Data Exchange

25

7.3 Processing Commercial Transactions

25

7.4 Ecosystem Partners and Innovation

25

8.0 Leadership

25

4

v0.9.1.3s

Table of Illustrations

Figure 1. Atonomi Token

11

Figure 2. Overview of the Atonomi Stack

13

Figure 3. Proposed Architecture

14

Figure 4. Transaction Validation Service

18

Figure 5. End-to-End Security Protocol

22

5

v0.9.1.3s

1.0 Introduction
“Secure interoperability is essential for the Internet of Things to reach its full
potential. The Atonomi blockchain technology vision for a global service that
enables secure transactions and commerce through device identity and reputation
is something Arm is excited to see realized.”
- Ian Ferguson, VP Ecosystem Development, IoT Services Group, Arm

The Atonomi Network is designed to secure the Internet of Things.
That is, there are billions of IoT devices already deployed today and billions more coming.
Gartner, the U.S. research and advisory firm, estimates there are already some 8.4 billion IoT devices
deployed in the world as of 2017, up 31 percent from 2016, and further projects the number of IoT
1
devices to increase to 20.4 billion by 2020, with 5 million new IoT devices deployed each ​day ​in
2 ​
2016. Billions of connected devices will propagate between a quadrillion and sextillion of
transactions of data and/or commerce over time.
Adding to the scale of IoT is the emergence of autonomous device-to-device commercial
transactions and microtransactions, which are expected to play a growing role in how our world
functions. As IoT becomes more robust, so will the interactions between devices, creating the need for
devices to autonomously conduct transactions—such as devices in the field negotiating for and
purchasing (using digital tokens) bandwidth, electric power, and other resources to most efficiently
function.
As the growth in devices and their associated transactions become foundational to our lives, it
could present increasing substantial security threats. The global IoT represents a huge attack surface
for criminals and other bad actors, and IoT devices often exist outside the protective barriers of
corporate firewalls and lack the computing and storage resources to host traditional security software.
The need for security further intensifies as more and more IoT devices are given the ability to
autonomously engage in financial transactions, as hackers and other bad actors could be attracted to
the idea of devices having access to wallets and look for ways to digitally steal funds.
These potential security threats are a concern for everyone from homeowners to businesses, to
municipal, state, federal, and international government agencies. For instance, IoT devices have
already been hacked and harnessed for denial-of-services attacks, including the 2010 Stuxnet attack on
an Iranian nuclear facility, and the 2016 Mirai botnet attack that disrupted U.S. Internet traffic.
IoT-based attacks have also targeted Netflix, Twitter, the BBC, and other organizations, including a
university that suffered a DDOS attack launched through one of its vending machines.

1

https://www.gartner.com/newsroom/id/3598917

2

https://www.gartner.com/newsroom/id/3165317

6

v0.9.1.3s

Gartner placed security at the top of its list of the top 10 IoT technologies for 2017 and 2018:
“The IoT introduces a wide range of new security risks and challenges to the IoT devices themselves,
their platforms and operating systems, their communications, and even the systems to which they're
connected. IoT security could be complicated by the fact that many ‘things’ use simple processors and
3
operating systems that may not support sophisticated security approaches.”

1.1 The Need for Device Identity & Reputation
The ability to establish IoT device identity and reputation is essential to enable the secure
interoperability between devices without the need for human intervention. Such a service could
prevent unintended consequences from hackers attempting to disrupt critical systems or benefit
economically from actions that have become common in traditional computer networks.
Immutable device identity, much like our own fingerprints, can be obtained from the device
through a function commonly referred to as root-of-trust, using either hardware or crypto certificates.
Once the device identity is established, it can be written to the blockchain as a permanent record.
Device reputation would evolve over the lifetime of the device, much like personal credit scores.
The device’s dynamic reputation can also be written on the blockchain for public review. This
provides for both a method to establish risk rating for the device and, in the event the device is
compromised by hackers, the reputation could be set such that the device can no longer effectively
function.
Validating device identity and managing reputation provides a foundation for securing the IoT as
diverse application developers build on top of the Atonomi Security Protocol.

1.2 The Right Technology
Blockchain uniquely solves for fundamental vulnerabilities in data security, particularly focused
on central authorities for data storage and access control rights, by bringing a decentralized
architecture and consensus security protocol to the IoT space. As such, the Atonomi Network is able
to establish an immutable digital identity for every device on its network using a decentralized
architecture and consensus mechanism. In addition to a trusted device identity, blockchain also
enables secure and immutable management of a device’s reputation throughout its life. Moreover, as
more devices begin to use the Atonomi Network for secure, trusted interoperability, network effects
attract additional devices enabling the machine-to-machine economy to flourish. Further, Atonomi
envisions a world where blockchain technology allows humans to confidently govern autonomous
devices through not only identity and reputation, but also smart autonomous contracts.
The ability of blockchain to scale to meet the transactional demands in the IoT space is an area in
which Atonomi is keenly focused. Our architecture combines on-chain and off-chain resources to
enable IoT to operate at scale. Further, as part of the Ethereum community, Atonomi intends to
support, and to encourage other members of the peer-to-peer Atonomi Network to support and adopt,
scaling solutions as they become necessary for the health of the Atonomi Network such as Plasma,
Raiden, Sharding and Swarm, as well as alternative solutions currently in development.
3

https://www.gartner.com/newsroom/id/3221818

7

v0.9.1.3s

1.3 How Atonomi Differs from Other Proposed Solutions
While the need for IoT security has triggered increased development efforts, many other proposed
IoT solutions are incomplete or based on poor security designs. For example, many proposed solutions
ignore blockchain, thereby lacking immutability while representing a centralized single point of
failure. While others use blockchain, they have a limited and specific application-based focus, and
lack interoperability, extensibility, and the need for establishing immutable identity and reputation
tracking.
Atonomi’s solution provides the following:
●

Low-level protocol for secure IoT​. ​Atonomi enables secure transactions between IoT
devices through our blockchain-based Identity Registry, which establishes root-of-trust using
encrypted whitelist data from participating OEMs/ODMs providing unique device identity
and a public key for each device to be validated onto the Atonomi Network. Atonomi uses
the Ethereum blockchain as part of our decentralized solution. Others generally don’t address
the critical element of security nor leverage the immutability of blockchain technology.

●

Trust and Reputation​. Trust and reputation are essential for autonomous devices to engage
in transaction of data and value, and are part of the Atonomi Network design, including our
Reputation Tracking service. Reputation tracking allows for automated identification of, and
action against, rogue or compromised devices. Many other proposed solutions lack the
capability of identifying and revoking access for untrusted devices, something that the
Atonomi Network design addresses. Also, others leave the critical elements of trust and
reputation to be handled by third parties, or simply omit them in their solutions.

●

Existing IoT Security Market Leadership​. IoT devices typically have limited computing,
storage, power, and bandwidth resources. Atonomi’s parent company CENTRI has pioneered
the precision coding and engineering required to provide security solutions—with a footprint
measured in kilobytes, not megabytes—for deployment in even the most resource-constrained
devices. This past experience is being leveraged and deployed in the Atonomi Network,
which accommodates the fact that autonomous devices, through multiple unique IoT
stakeholders will need to negotiate new relationships, negotiate data structures, and interact.
In contrast, some IoT solutions require participating devices to perform computationally
complex peer-to-peer functions or simply require too large a footprint to be useful across any
but the more powerful IoT devices.

1.4 Building Upon Years of CENTRI’s IoT Security Experience
CENTRI Technology (​www.centritechnology.com​), the parent company of Atonomi, was formed
as a technology transfer out of the University of Mississippi to address the growing cybersecurity need
for data protection and optimization. CENTRI has been recognized as a leading provider of data
security for the Internet of Things by technology research firms Frost & Sullivan, Gartner Research,
and others.

8

v0.9.1.3s

CENTRI’s patented security technology—currently available and on the market—is integrated
into the full Atonomi security protocol stack to enable its solution to uniquely operate at the high
speed required by IoT. As a result, the Atonomi product has a unique and competitive technical
advantage over others that may offer an alternative IoT security platform. The technologies developed
by CENTRI are protected by 10 issued patents and an extensive patent portfolio roadmap. Three of the
technologies are integrated into the Atonomi services layer of its full protocol are:
1. Secure Communication Services—a lightweight communications protocol able to create a
secure session in 3 milliseconds on average
2. Multi-layer crypto key management—a scalable crypto key management methodology that
enables decentralization of encrypted data without centralized key management
3. Fast indexing and searching of encrypted data a method of searching and retrieving
decentralized encrypted data without knowledge of the data storage
These technologies and others developed by CENTRI provide Atonomi with advanced data
security capabilities to protect decentralized data and enable the scale and transaction speeds
necessary for IoT.
CENTRI’s data security products have been used successfully by leading technology companies,
including: Arm, Flextronics, and Intel. This track record demonstrates that CENTRI’s data security
technology, as incorporated in the Atonomi Network, could be a powerful and effective technology
for protecting the data of many IoT devices.

​2.0

Proposing a new IoT Ecosystem with Trust at the Core

“Connected devices that think, transact and exchange sensitive and confidential
data are the next evolution of IoT. There are a few impediments that must be
overcome prior to the full utilization of this hugely disruptive technology.
Initiatives like Atonomi which are marrying essential concepts of trust, identity,
autonomy and security show great promise, and I look forward to using their
platform.”
- Gary Conktight, Chairman, CEO and Co-founder, physIQ

2.1 Service to Establish Identity
Trusted identity provides a level of insurance necessary for IoT device to exchange information,
enable actions and buy and sell products and services. IoT device manufacturers and solution
providers have a vested interest in securing the products they sell. The starting point for the
root-of-trust (the lowest common denominator for device identity) begins with the device
manufacturer. New manufacturers in the Atonomi Network are screened by existing members of the
network and then provided with a unique manufacturer identifier used when registering devices
submitted to the network. This screening process is used to assess their cybersecurity best practices
and assign a default reputation score to the manufacturer. The process of qualifying the manufacturers

9

v0.9.1.3s

and assigning scores to their devices ensure the integrity of the network. This is an essential step to
prevent rogue and hacked devices from entering the network.
Trusted manufacturers submit their list of devices through a whitelist (a list of devices that are
known and trusted by the Atonomi Network) to the Atonomi Identity Registry service. The Identity
Registry service is the Atonomi consensus service that validates the integrity of the whitelist. Select
manufacturers of the Atonomi Network will run an instance of a limited number of Identity Registry
servers. These manufacturers are highly qualified and trusted to maintain the integrity of the network.
As the Atonomi Network expands, the Identity Registry servers will publish to secondary Identity
Registry servers. The role of the Identity Registry servers are to ensure the whitelist is properly
formatted, submitted from a trusted device manufacturer and all metadata in the whitelist is consistent
with the manufacturer’s profile maintained on the Identity Registry blockchain. Once registered, the
device is known and trusted by the Atonomi Network and now ready for the device owner to activate
the device when placed in service.

2.2 Protocol and System to Manage Reputation
Once device identity is established, the reputation of devices must be managed in order for secure
interoperability to exist. A device’s reputation consists of its unique behavioral signature representing
varying degrees of security, commercial, social and service quality measurements as an example. The
Atonomi Network enables registered devices to validate a device’s reputation stored on the blockchain
to establish trust before exchanging data or commerce.
Within a marketplace, there will be a provider and requester (of information/data and/or services).
The device requesting services will be able to submit a request to the marketplace and the device
providing the service will respond to the request. If the devices have a reputation score that verifies
them as known trusted per the reputation auditors and the device manufacturers, the transaction can
proceed. If the authorization for transaction has expired, then the devices initiate another request for
validation of the peer device from the Atonomi Network.
Atonomi’s reputation protocol is a key enabler of a future consisting of trusted devices securely
interacting in an autonomous manner. If a device begins to operate outside of predetermined
parameters, auditors write low reputation scores to the device reputation data store and other devices
can refuse interactions. Conversely, if an autonomous device has developed a positive reputation for
effectively servicing others, the reputable device may attract more business as a service provider and
might be able to increase its pricing for service. Reputation data is collected, stored and managed by a
distributed network of Audit partners. Audit partners are paid through fees with Atonomi Tokens, to
track device behavior on the Atonomi Network in order to score the reputation of each device,
analogous to a FICO score but with the parameters for the machine economy. Scores are vectors with
both magnitude and direction, similar to how FICO scores with a number (e.g., 740) and a direction
(credit worthiness). Reputation scores can also relate to nonfinancial information such as a device’s
trustworthiness with respect to posting on social media or on reporting accurate weather, health data,
and more.

10

v0.9.1.3s

2.3 Token to Facilitate Services in the Atonomi Network
Atonomi intends build a global ecosystem to enable the secure, trusted interoperability of IoT
devices through identity and reputation. As such, Atonomi is introducing the Atonomi Token for
participants of the decentralized ecosystem to transact with each other. The Atonomi Token is used by
the Atonomi Network for device registration, activation, reputation management and commerce
transactions. Key participants such as OEM/device manufacturers, distributors, device owners and
auditors are anticipated to seek Atonomi Token rewards for participating in the Atonomi Network.

Figure 1.​ Atonomi Token.
The Atonomi Network relies on the Atonomi Token in order for it to function: the token acts as a
utility to operate the Atonomi smart contracts, serves as a digital unit of value that can be used to
facilitate the operation and expansion of the system by its ecosystem participant; and as our
architecture tokenizes the identity and reputation management of devices on the Atonomi Network, it
drives continually increasing ecosystem participation.

2.4 Extensible Architecture to be Built Upon
The Atonomi Network has been designed for others to build upon and extend the services to meet
the additional needs of new and existing market segments. The security protocol and infrastructure of
the Atonomi Network provides the essential identity and reputation security to enable third-party
services with device trust and reputation. The Identity Registry and Transaction Ledger can be
integrated into services such as healthcare, industrial IoT, and home automation to enable devices

11

v0.9.1.3s

from different manufacturers to interoperate without the complexity of custom API development or
the security risks associated with open communications between unknown devices.
A third-party service provider could extend their solution by using the Atonomi Network to
validate the device identity and reputation before a transaction occurs. The devices in the transaction,
once validated, could save specific transaction and metadata plus Atonomi identity and reputation data
within their private database or submit the transaction to another third-party public blockchain. These
transactions create an immutable record between trusted devices that provide a level of certainty not
possible before. Getting security right has proven to be difficult for companies and experts focused on
cybersecurity. Through the extendible architecture of Atonomi, non-security experts can build upon a
network with the certainty of the device identity and reputation.

3.0 The Atonomi Network - Technical
The Atonomi Network is designed to validate device identity, provide extensible capacity for
leveraging device reputation in transactions, and provide protocol hooks for recording arbitrary device
transactions. Further, the Atonomi Network provides an SDK to facilitate OEM integrations for device
and device reputation lookup. By recording lookups and metadata about subsequent transactions sent
through software services that are called from the SDK, the Atonomi Network serves an additional
role as an auditor.
Devices performing anomalous lookups will have their reputations downgraded and those which
continuously display ordinary performance will have their reputations upgraded. The Atonomi
Network’s use of the public Ethereum blockchain is intended to ensure the permanence of Atonomi
functionality, providing security for IoT devices into the foreseeable future. The Atonomi Network
includes the Atonomi Token, which is a utility token used to activate devices onto the Atonomi
Network and can also be used for secure device-to-device commercial transactions.

12

v0.9.1.3s

Figure 2. ​Overview of the Atonomi Stack.

3.1 Atonomi Smart Contracts
The Manufacturer Registry is a smart contract which can only be written to by Atonomi and
participants in the consensus network. Atonomi and its consensus partners will add partner
manufacturers to this registry and maintain their state. Each smart contract lists data tuples
referenceable by public unique identifiers. In this way, the Identity Registry can be conceptualized
similarly to a relational database (see Figure 2). Write control to these smart contracts is strictly
maintained by whitelists controlled by Atonomi. Read control is maintained by encrypting or salting
and hashing data in order to obfuscate the data from arbitrary third parties. The Atonomi Network
includes a metadata field in each tuple for extensibility.

13

v0.9.1.3s

Figure 3. Architecture describing the different smart contracts and how they interact with each
other and external devices and services.

3.1.1 The Manufacturer Registry
The Manufacturer Registry is a smart contract which can only be written to by Atonomi. Atonomi
will add partner manufacturers to this registry and maintain their state. Each tuple in this registry
contains a unique id, a human readable name, a salted and hashed authorization key, a field
maintaining the fee or reward of Atonomi Tokens collected from or distributed to this manufacturer
when the manufacturer adds new devices to the registry. The smart contract allows Atonomi to Add,
Remove, or Suspend a partner manufacturer.

3.1.2 The Auditor Registry
The Auditor Registry is a smart contract which can only be written to by Atonomi. Atonomi will
add partner auditors to this registry and maintain their state. Each tuple in this registry contains a
unique id, a human readable name, a salted and hashed authorization key, a field maintaining the fee
14

v0.9.1.3s

or reward of Atonomi Tokens collected from or distributed to this manufacturer when the
manufacturer adds new devices to the registry. The smart contract allows Atonomi to Add, Remove,
or Suspend an audit partner.

3.1.3 The Device Registry
The Device Registry is a smart contract which can only be written to by authorized manufacturers
listed in the Manufacturer Registry. Writing an entry to the Device Registry may require or award
Atonomi Tokens based on the appropriate entry in the Manufacturer Registry. In this way, tokens can
be used to facilitate participation in accordance with maintaining a healthy network and can be
thought of as a license for participation. Each tuple in the Device Registry will contain a unique
identifier, a reference to the unique identifier in the Manufacturer Registry, a field listing protocols the
device supports, and an optional reference payment authorization identifier.

3.1.4 The Reputation Registry
The Reputation Registry is a smart contract which can only be written to by authorized auditors
listed in the Auditor Registry. Writing an entry to the Device Registry may require Atonomi Tokens to
update the ledger for the Manufacturer Registry. In turn, participating consensus partners can earn
token rewards for validating entries to the Manufacturer Registry. In this way, Atonomi Tokens can be
used to facilitate participation in accordance with maintaining a healthy network and can be thought of
as a license for participation. Tuples in the Registration Registry maintain a unique identifier, a
reference to the auditor who wrote the entry, a score stored as an unsigned 32 bit integer (capable of
storing a value from 0 to 2,147,483,647), a reputation type, and a reference to a device ID or a
manufacturer ID. Reputation types are plain text that auditors determine. For example, a particular
auditor might maintain a financial reputation (trustworthiness of the device for purchases in a given
price range) for a given device as well as a social reputation (trustworthiness of the device to make
social media posts on behalf of its owner).

3.2 The Atonomi Token
​The Atonomi Token, which functions in compliance with ERC-20 standards, is a utility token used
to register devices onto the Atonomi Network during the device registration process and to write
reputational data to the network. As noted earlier, the Atonomi Token can also be used as a reasonable
default for secure device-to-device commerce between devices registered onto the Atonomi Network.
Moreover, the token serves as a reward mechanism to facilitate and attract ecosystem participants to
the Atonomi Network.

3.3 The Atonomi OEM/ODM SDK
To simplify manufacturer and auditor interactions with the Ethereum blockchain, Atonomi includes
shared-source services for all of the described interactions with the smart contracts and provide SDKs
for free to OEMs and ODMs to allow them to easily participate in the Atonomi Network. Atonomi
provides sample code and an SDK for OEMs and ODMs to use in embedding basic device wake-up
and handshake code for devices to use upon initial activation. The embedded code directs the device
to the Atonomi Network where its unique device identity and private key is matched to the whitelist
data stored on the Identity Registry blockchain. These SDKs rely upon services run by the Atonomi

15

v0.9.1.3s

Network in order to further facilitate connections between manufacturer data centers, IoT devices, and
the Ethereum blockchain.

3.4 Reputation Registry
Reputation is tracked for each device and can also be tracked for device owners, or devices
sharing a common wallet. Reputation provides an additional layer of security, enabling misbehaving
devices to be decremented to the point of exclusion. Reputation can also be used as a qualifying
element in transactions. Reputation can be based on a number of factors (customizable to meet the
needs of different verticals) including: device performance, service delivery, device owner, device
manufacturer. Advanced reputation management capabilities could be informed by emerging AI and
machine learning.

3.4.1 Atonomi’s Audit and Reputation Service
While the Atonomi Network and security protocol are designed to support any number of 3rd
party auditors who can analyze their partners devices and those devices’ transactions, the Atonomi
Network also serves as an initial auditor and Reputation service provider. The OEM SDK includes
calls to Atonomi service layers to record transaction logs when devices are registered, activated, and
perform lookups to the Atonomi Network. The SDK supports the easy addition of other network calls
to support the sending of high granularity device-specific log data to third party audit services as
specified by manufacturers.
As part of ongoing development contributions, Atonomi intends to bootstrap the network with
reputational data based on manufacturer security best practices. The Atonomi Network will
dynamically adjust device reputation based upon artificial intelligence-based analysis of
device-to-device behavior. Transaction logs are stored within the Atonomi Network where design
classifiers will identify aberrant behavior and modify device reputation accordingly.
.

3.5 Atonomi Services
The Atonomi Network is intended to include a number of cloud-based services intended to make
it simpler for OEMs to embed Atonomi functionality into their devices.

3.5.1 Identity Registration Service
The Identity Registration service of the Atonomi Security Protocol is designed to interact with
devices seeking to validate to the Identity Registry. The Identity Registration service handles key
negotiation and validation of unique hardware identification against the OEM/ODM-provided
whitelist. Upon validation, the service sends an ADD function to the Identity Registry blockchain with
unique device identification and other metadata. Once a given device has been added to the registry it
cannot be re-added, preventing its credentials from being reused. Each validated device may be
associated with a transaction authorization, such as a wallet with a public-private key pair associated
with it. Similarly, devices may be de-registered or suspended as needed. This service is dependent on
an appropriate number of Atonomi Tokens being transferred between transaction service providers.

16

v0.9.1.3s

3.5.2 Device Activation Service
The Device Activation service supports device ownership transfer with the validation of
public/private key pairs and encrypted unique device identifier from the OEM/ODM whitelist to
activate new devices onto (or reject invalid devices from) the Device Registry. Additionally, this
service can generate validation failure alerts to external services in order to provide notifications to
relevant parties. After successful identity validation and activation of the device into the Atonomi
Network, the transaction authorization/wallet associated with the device, generally that of the device
owner or an organization’s IoT network manager, is decremented a partial Atonomi Token amount.

3.5.3 Attributes Registration Service
The OEM/ODM stack provides APIs for integration with a manufacturer’s existing device
application stack where attributes and other user-defined metadata are assigned to devices. The
Atonomi Transaction Validation service provides metadata as part of its transaction permissioning.
Attributes could include:
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●

Per-transaction spending limits
Transactions per-minute (hours or days) spending limits
Geographic limitations on transactions
Counter-party reputation requirements
Attributes can also be ascribed for non-financial transactions, for example:
Data exchange only with Identity Registry-validated devices
Data exchange with any device
Data exchange with any device within scope of geofencing
Whitelisted smart contracts can receive payments from a device used as a gateway/firewall
for additional auditing and permissions purposes
The above attributes aren’t intended as a complete list, but as an example of the ways in which
device owners can use the OEM/ODM application stack to ascribe attributes which will have
meaningful use for their own vertical and specialized needs.

3.5.4 Transaction Service Creation and Maintenance Services
The OEM stack supports use of existing—or creation of new—digital wallets or related
transaction authorizations for devices that may need to support commercial transactions. Transaction
authorizations or wallets can be created by device owners on either a device-by-device basis, or on a
department-wide, company-wide, or other group basis. Atonomi intends to work with third-party
services to support credit card and bank account authorizations. Atonomi Token-compatible wallets
will be used to store Atonomi Tokens which will deduct a small percentage for some transactions
taking place over the Atonomi Network. Wallet creation isn’t required for devices not anticipated to
be involved in commercial transactions and not performing charged transactions in the Atonomi
Network. Should a need for a wallet later arise, device owners can return to the OEM/ODM device
application to create a wallet.

3.5.5 Device Ownership Transfer Service
The Atonomi Network will support ownership transfer of IoT devices—with or without wallet
contents. Upon device transfer, a transaction log entry of the transfer will be broadcast to the Atonomi
17

v0.9.1.3s

Audit service which will incorporate this data into its artificial intelligence models and update device
reputation as needed.

3.5.6 Reputation Writing and Lookup Services
The Atonomi Network will maintain a cloud-based service that may be optionally incorporated
into device software by OEMs to facilitate lookup of reputational data prior to engaging in
peer-to-peer transactions. Atonomi also maintains services to write to the Reputation Registry for
whitelisted auditors.

3.5.7 Transaction Validation and Facilitation Services
The Atonomi Network maintains services to facilitate off-chain inter-device transactions
(especially commercial transactions). The data from these services are used for reputation analysis.
The extensible nature of the Atonomi Network OEM stack means that different verticals can define
which non-commercial transactions are stored off-chain. Atonomi Tokens may be a useful default
token for inter-device commercial transactions. Though Ethereum network transaction processing
might become cost- or speed-prohibitive, we believe the network is sufficient for immediate use. If
and when necessary to maintain a healthy ecosystem, Atonomi and members of the Network will
evaluate migration or simultaneous use of alternative blockchain technologies for these transactions,
such as Ethereum Raiden, Plasma, HashGraph, or others.

18

v0.9.1.3s

Figure 4. ​Transaction Validation Service.

3.5.8 Service Discovery Service
Atonomi’s Service Discovery service allow devices to connect to Atonomi’s database of services
provided by other devices and return a device ID from the Identity Registry. A device seeking to
locate electricity for purchase, for example, can query this service with its requirements. A list of
device IDs and relevant information about the services available will be returned alongside relevant
reputation data. Service-specific metadata is cataloged based on device- and manufacturer-specific
metadata registered with the device in the Identity Registry.

3.6 Scalability
The proposed architecture leverages centralized cloud services scalable through traditional means
as well as the Ethereum public blockchain. We recognize industry-wide concerns about the scalability
of the Ethereum blockchain and will benchmark and forecast key performance metrics to ensure that
our services and protocol can serve the necessary use cases. Note that many of the operations we
19

v0.9.1.3s

support do not require high throughput writes to the blockchain. We will continue to monitor new
developments in the space and prepare a migration path if and when scalability becomes a significant
concern.

4.0 Faster and More Secure Services Stack
Integrated into the services stack of the Atonomi solution is the Centri IoTAS technology. As
device performance and blockchain data security are essential elements to secure IoT, the Atonomi
Agent includes advanced security technology developed by CENTRI. Atonomi has integrated the high
speed communications technology described below to allow IoT devices to operate at real-time data
speeds. Further, data posted to the public blockchain is protected by multi-layer crypto key
management to allow devices owners and Atonomi Auditor Server to analyze device transaction
history without exposing the data to public review.

4.1 Fast and Secure Authentication
CENTRI IoTAS has a process for assigning secure device identifications upon registering a new
device into an IoT environment. This allows for immediate, and encrypted, single-stage handshake
communication between IoT devices using the CENTRI Secure Communications library, and the
Cloud infrastructure side using the CENTRI Secure Communications Service. With CENTRI IoTAS,
there’s no need to exchange certificates or employ a third-party certificate authority solution. We plan
to use technology similar to our security-enhancing single-stage handshake within our OEM stack for
guiding initial contact between a newly activated device and our Identity Registry.

4.2 Small Footprint
The CENTRI IoTAS platform has a minimal footprint, making it easy to embed the code into
applications. IoTAS only requires about 16 kB of RAM for efficient performance on typical IoT
devices. CENTRI developed “vault-less” technology—a patented process to embed key seed
information within the data, to eliminate the need for hardware key storage systems. The seed data
used to generate each one-time key is protected with asymmetric encryption. The result is unlimited
key management, which is essential for IoT security to scale. Our experience in creating tight code
and embedding key seed data will inform our creation of the small code footprint of our OEM stack,
which we see as essential for integration with IoT devices that can be resource-constrained.

4.3 Device Agnostic
Developers can use the C-based libraries and tools across a spectrum of operating systems,
including Android, iOS, Windows, Linux, RTOS, and custom network stacks and other code
organizations might want to use in creating IoT solutions. Atonomi uses this same device agnostic
approach in creating an open and extensible development platform that can be customized to the
exacting needs of different verticals.

4.4 Secure Data
The CENTRI IoTAS technology protects data during transport, in use, and at rest through
standards-based, leading edge cryptography, including Elliptic Curve Diffie-Hellman Cryptography
20

v0.9.1.3s

(ECDH) 25519, Salsa20 Symmetric key cipher data encryption, and SHA-512 cryptographic hash
function for key derivation. Atonomi will be guided by this same approach to protecting data with
leading-edge cryptography.

4.5 Intellectual Property and Patents
CENTRI’s IoTAS is protected via multiple patents:
●

●
●

●
●

●
●

●
●
●
●

Single-Pass Data Compression and Encryption, U.S. Patent ​8,886,926 ​which compress and
encrypt data in a single pass to reduce inefficiencies that occur from compression and
encrypting data separately.
Single-Pass Data Compression and Encryption (Broadening), U.S. Patent ​9,503,434
Seeding of a Workspace to Optimize CODEC Operations, U.S. Patent ​8,804,814 which
improves codec performance by seeding the computation workspace that may be used by
various codec processors.
Seeding of a Workspace to Optimize CODEC Operations (Broadening), U.S. Patent
9,025,657
Secure Storage for Shared Documents, U.S. Patent ​9,298,940 which improves management of
data storage for secure storage of shared documents, using an encryption key based on
instruction set and header information.
Secure Storage for Shared Documents (Broadening), U.S. Patent ​9,584,321
Transparent Denial of Service Protection, U.S. Patent ​9,210,187 which uses instruction set
information that references a seed file communicated to a client computer and a network
packet key generated by the instruction set information encrypted and provided by a server.
Transparent Denial of Service Protection (Broadening), U.S. Patent ​9,503,262
Fast Indexing and Searching of Encoded Documents, U.S. Patent Application 15/453,853
Big Data Markers for Stream Labeling, Identification and Decoding, U.S. Patent Application
15/402,122
Process for Distributing Computing Datasets, U.S. Patent applied for.

5.0 The Atonomi Secure IoT Ecosystem
“The number of connected devices are growing exponentially driving up the value
provided by IoT solutions. The Atonomi blockchain initiative offers intriguing
possibilities to secure this world of automated device-to-device transactions and
exchange of data.”
- Mrinalini Lakshminarayanan, Director of Products and Services, Gogo Inflight

An important part of securing IoT is building an ecosystem that is designed to maintain and
expand IoT security and interoperability. Atonomi plans to accomplish this in multiple ways.
First, unlike other IoT security offerings, Atonomi begins at the source of the IoT value chain by
embedding the Atonomi OEM Stack into the chip/OEM software code (see Figure 5). The chip-first
21

v0.9.1.3s

solution is relevant to the Atonomi architecture because the small number of chip manufacturers
create the foundation for an end-to-end security protocol that could be widely used by smart device
manufacturers, and then built on by application developers.

Figure 5.​ Atonomi Network provides an end-to-end security protocol for the IoT value chain.
Next, the Atonomi ecosystem is designed to serve as a decentralized network of IoT stakeholders
who act as key participants in Atonomi’s identity and reputation service. For instance, participants
such as utilities, smart cities, industrial IoT participants, and OEM and device manufacturers may
elect to audit data and publish reputation data, provide service layers to interact with Atonomi’s smart
contracts, or validate and process transactions between devices on the Atonomi Network. As a
low-level protocol for secure IoT, Atonomi will also enable a community of developers to build the
next generation of IoT applications and platforms. By securing the end points of IoT devices and
facilitating trusted interoperability between devices, Atonomi solves the fundamental problem of
security in IoT and facilitates an innovation hub for the dApp developer community.
The Atonomi Network is engineered to support extensibility. We provide known and trusted
device identity and reputation, and other companies and organizations that will be able to extend the
definition based on their own future needs. For example, builders of IoT devices for the HVAC
industry may identify new transaction types, as could participants in IoT for industrial controllers, the
power grid, agricultural devices, healthcare, retailing, shipping, and a world of other areas. Creating
an extensible platform, open to all, will foster new—and secure—ways to derive benefit from the
Internet of Things.
Audit partners are anticipated to seek fees in Atonomi Tokens to serve as validators on the
Atonomi Network. For instance, a smart device such as an electric vehicle may enter into a service
transaction with a charging station to recharge its battery. While Atonomi secures identity and
reputation of these devices enabled by smart contracts, Audit partners (run by OEMs, Smart Cities,
PwC, etc.) could validate this transaction and, in return, receive a reward fee in Atonomi Tokens.
Expanding upon CENTRI’s established record in data security products, and building upon
CENTRI’s existing partnerships with Arm, Flex, and Intel, Atonomi intends to attract the key

22

v0.9.1.3s

stakeholders in the IoT value chain to facilitate adoption and participation in the Atonomi Network
through business development and customer acquisition activities.

6.0 Atonomi Use Cases
According to Gartner, an estimated 5 million connected devices are being added per day to the
IoT. The burgeoning IoT market can be viewed as a continuum, with early adopters that will over time
drive future market opportunities. Atonomi seeks to be the standard low-level security protocol for the
IoT industry. With a chip-first strategy, Atonomi intends to work with chip manufacturers who may
choose to embed our software, which is the greatest possible leverage point in the ecosystem.
Below are applications that are of immediate relevance to potential users of the Atonomi
Network. The healthcare, industrial, smart city and home device markets are considered to be current
movers in the IoT space.

6.1 Early IoT adopters in Healthcare
Given the aging baby boomer generation and the many use cases IoT can provide for healthcare,
the healthcare industry can derive substantial benefits from Atonomi Network products. For example,
consider the case of adding Atonomi security into an IoT solution, used for a proprietary health
application platform, which is then built upon by application companies creating connected
monitoring products, analytics tools, trackers, and other innovations.
At the application level, for instance:
●

●

An inventory sensor inside a hospital emergency room blood-storage appliance could
autonomously order re-stocks of specific blood types from regional suppliers based upon
existing inventory, anonymized electronic health record reports of scheduled surgeries, and
day-of-week historical ER needs. This system could be secured with the Atonomi Network.
A diabetic patient wearing an insulin pump could allow the pump to share anonymized blood
chemistry data with researchers to advance the science, or with healthcare monitoring systems
that could intercede to prevent adverse events. This system could also be secured with the
Atonomi Network.

6.2 Innovation in Industrial IoT, Smart Cities, and Home Devices
Industrial IoT requires a secure ecosystem within which a wide array of device types can
seamlessly operate together to help manage the consistent flow and monitoring of workflow across
multiple processes. Additionally, industrial IoT devices often need to extend autonomous
interoperability to include resources beyond the domain of the manufacturing facility. The result is a
need for trusted identity, reputation, and the ability to ledger user-defined key events.
Regarding smart cities, municipalities are finding ways to employ automation to seamlessly
connect IoT devices and resources to lower power consumption, reduce traffic congestion, enhance air
quality, increase safety, and improve overall livability. IoT will be at the core of many of these
efforts, and providing security across this broad array of attack surfaces will be essential.

23

v0.9.1.3s

Further, the IoT is already playing an increasingly relevant role in home automation, smart
appliances, and an array of other devices designed to make life easier and more convenient. A
consumer, concerned about Internet security, can requires all IoT devices within the home to be
identity-validated and secure to help eliminate attack surfaces.

6.3 Supporting Diverse Use Cases
While particular industries might be early adopters, the Atonomi Network is architected so that
diverse verticals are able to build using our protocol over time. Consider additional use cases to
illustrate the ways security is required as a core building block of IoT applications, and the way the
Atonomi protocol could be integrated into various third-part applications:
●

●

●
●

●

An electric vehicle recharges its batteries from a charging station, autonomously conducting
the payment transaction through the owner’s electronic wallet. The vehicle ​securely
negotiates for the lowest-cost power available, while the owner is spared the hassle of
plugging in a credit card and paying a service charge.
A home with solar panels and a wall of storage batteries could use an IoT device to ​securely
sell excess power to a neighboring home with a smart meter looking for cheap power while
running the clothes dryer.
Moisture sensors in an industrial greenhouse could detect low soil nitrogen and ​securely
transact with irrigation devices to add nitrogen from automated feeders.
An office building with an IoT-equipped HVAC system could ​securely negotiate just-in-time
electric power from local or regional providers based on availability, time of day, and lowest
cost.
A remote sensor ​securely negotiates just-in-time wireless services from a low-cost provider
to facilitate periodic data transmission.

7.0 Atonomi Token
The Atonomi Token is central to the entire Atonomi Network. The use of a token is ideally suited
to secure IoT devices, which typically have constrained memory and CPU resources, because the
token can link the identity between the device and device owner through a crypto wallet. Devices
can’t be expected to carry a PCI stack for credit card purchases, nor are credit cards suitable for the
kind of autonomous device-to-device micro-transactions required in many use cases which may
involve purchases of less than $1 and in some cases less than one cent.

7.1 Tokenized Identity & Reputation
Atonomi Tokens serve as a multi-use token for the internal mechanics of the Atonomi Network.
Specifically, when new devices are registered and activated on the Atonomi Network, Atonomi
Tokens can be used as fees for creating a device’s digital identity through the use of smart contracts.
Additionally, tokens are designed to be a key component of Atonomi’s Reputation Tracking service
by enabling reputation data to be captured, analyzed and scored. Atonomi Tokens also enable devices
to validate other device identities that are stored on the blockchain encountered throughout its
lifecycle.
24

v0.9.1.3s

7.2 Commercial Transactions and Data Exchange
Atonomi Tokens can be used as a digital token to enable device-to-device autonomous
transactions. Third-party tokens can also be used. This token-based economy enables devices to
securely engage in peer-to-peer autonomous transactions. While Atonomi doesn’t charge for data
exchanges, Atonomi Tokens provide a digital token to enable devices to engage in commercial
transactions with each other. For example, a smart meter on a home or building may autonomously
negotiate with the power company or a micro grid to acquire electricity and pay for services using the
Atonomi Token.

7.3 Processing Commercial Transactions
Atonomi plans to enable fees to be structured into the smart contract and blockchain-based
transactions, including device registration, activation, validation of other devices, reputation
management and commercial transactions. For instance, Atonomi may elect to charge a processing
payment of 1% for handling commercial transactions between IoT devices. Nothing is charged for
data exchanges. It is anticipated that these transaction fees would be shared between reputation
auditors in relation to the auditing services they perform, and Atonomi.

7.4 Ecosystem Partners and Innovation
Atonomi anticipates that ecosystem partners will seek to participate in key functions on the
network, including device registration, activation, validation of other devices, reputation management
and commerce transactions. For instance, as explained above, device manufacturers may elect to serve
as auditors to write reputation data to the reputation service, and receive Atonomi Tokens as a reward
for their service to the network. Additionally, Atonomi Tokens may be used to attract new chip/device
manufacturers and end users to the network through customer acquisition programs.
Lastly, as a low-level security protocol, Atonomi aims to unlock many new use cases and future
innovations such as a marketplace for IoT commerce. The developer community can build on the
Atonomi protocol to innovate new projects and service offerings leveraging the Atonomi Token as
fuel for their initiatives. For example, Swytch.io is a new blockchain-based project intending to
disrupt the energy market by democratizing access to electricity through encouraging local, micro-grid
production. In this case, Swytch may leverage the Atonomi security protocol (and the Atonomi
Token) to secure the end points on Swytch’s network and enable trusted interoperability.

8.0 Leadership
Leadership for the Atonomi Network includes​:
●
●
●
●
●

Vaughan Emery, Founder and CEO
David Fragale, Co-Founder and VP of Product
Mike Mackey, CTO and VP of Engineering
Dr. Luis Paris, Chief Scientist
Andrii Zamovsky, Technical Development Partner

25

v0.9.1.3s

Advisors to Atonomi include​:
●
●
●
●
●
●

Dr. Paul Clippinger, Senior Advisor; MIT Media Lab
Peter Kinnaird, Technical Development Partner; Ambisafe
Dr. David Kravitz, Vice President, Crypto Systems Research at DarkMatter
Dr. Ulf Lindqvist, Program Director at Stanford Research International (SRI)
David Jevans, CEO, CipherTrace
Rob May, CEO, Talla and Botchain

For brief biographies of our Leadership Team, please visit the Atonomi ​website​.

26

v0.9.1.3s

