a

“Making the Internet More Free and Accessible
For Authors and Readers”
A Step towards Decentralization of the Internet

1
Introduction
There are no disputes about the fact that the internet has changed the very
essence of how work is done in various elds; writing and reading are no
exceptions to this.
The replacement of traditional brick and mortar bookstores with online
markets and books with eBooks has not only revolutionized the publishing
industry, but has also greatly a ected the readers and writers.
However, like all the other areas, some problems surfaced during the initial
phase of the internet takeover as well. For example, the disappearance of
bookstores led to an increased competition to get bookshelf space and also
made it hard for new authors to be discovered by the readers.

While these problems were solved as various
applications and platforms emerged and people
became pro cient in internet usage, a new
problem surfaced. This was the ‘centralization of
the internet’. An example of this centralization is
the fact that a majority of the communication that
takes place on the internet is controlled by a
handful of corporations that are known as
‘internet giants’ and the governments. This
means all your activity can easily be traced and hence, your privacy is
compromised.
This is against the original purpose of the internet
and the World Wide Web, which was to develop a
neutral network that could be used for the
betterment of humanity and would allow every
user to equally participate in it. While this original
vision was lost after a short time during what is
called the rst ‘dotcom’ bubble, in an attempt to
collect, hold and monetize the information, e orts
have been going on lately, to regain the long lost
vision. These are known as e orts to build a ‘Decentralized Internet’.

2
What Does a De-centralized Internet Envision?
The de-centralized internet envisions giving the power back to
the internet users. It aims to create a world where the internet is
not controlled by organizations, where internet users will not
have to compromise on their privacy to gain access to
information, to be able to search, to communicate, to use social
networks, to make money and to receive various services, such
as publishing. Instead, they will be provided by modern
technologies.
The decentralization model is based on the idea that the responsibility for
operation of services is shared.

3
Ethereum Platforms – The Future of Internet
Although Ethereum technology is still in its nascent phase, it is considered the
future of the internet because it is based upon the very principles of internet
decentralization.

What is Ethereum?
As mentioned earlier, Ethereum is a decentralized platform that functions
just the way it is programmed. As explained by the developers themselves,
this means that the applications are run without interference of third
parties, censorship, downtime or fraud.
To program the applications, customized
blockchains, digital public and distributed ledgers
that record every transaction made using a
crypto-currency, are created.
The inspiration for developing Ethereum was
taken from the Bitcoin Blockchain. But, Vitalik
Buterin, creator of Ethereum, took the concept to
a whole new level by expanding and generalizing
it so that it can be used to run apps, websites, and even organizations without
relying upon computer servers.
Also, the emergence of Ethereum made the development of blockchain
applications quite easy. It no more requires one to have immense knowledge
about or to be an expert in mathematics, coding, cryptography and other
associated areas.
Authorship is one such decentralized platform that aims to rede ne
the world of books by connecting authors, translators, publishers and
readers on a single platform.
Before we go into the details of Authorship and how is it going to change the
world, it is better to have an idea about the current situation of book
publishing industry and the problems faced by the authors.

4
Common Issues Faced By Authors
Writing a book and getting it published is not as simple as it may appear to
many people. In addition to dealing with the writer’s block, lack of productivity,
occasional emotional breakdowns and compromised lifestyle during the book
writing process, the writer has a lot more to deal with even after he/she has
completed writing a book.
These include:
Getting the Book Published
Ever since the emergence of publishing
technology, publishers have been serving the
intermediary role between the authors and
readers. It is a bridge that helps authors making
their thoughts and ideas readable by making
them reach the targeted audience.
But, like many other elds and industries,
publishing industry is also challenged by the
digital revolution and it has profoundly a ected the growth and development
of publishing industry, over time.
Publishing, at its core, is about dissemination of thoughts and ideas and this is
why it had been considered as the re ection of a basic democratic ideal i.e.
free ow of thought, for a long period of time. But, the idea was challenged and
publishing industry was thought to lose its very essence as pro t earning
became the key concern of publishers.
This posed many challenges to the authors as the criteria for getting their work
published changed. Publishing houses formulated their own policies, based on
the idea of making as much money as possible, about the kind of work or the
authors they would publish.
Rather than publishers competing for the production and distribution of an
author’s work purely on the basis of quality, authors were forced to concede
with publishers’ demands, including the high costs of publishing.

As a result, the gap between the publisher’s business interests and the author’s
objectives continued to widen
However, over time, this negatively a ected the business of books and lead to
the emergence of the risk of publishing without the need of publishers.
Digital revolution brought drastic changes in the book industry, changing the
readers’ habits is only one of them. It also resulted in the disappearance of
large numbers of bookstores throughout the world. Publishing industry
received a major setback as the traditional books started being replaced by
their paperless versions.
At present, the book publishing industry is facing multiple new challenges,
mainly due to the rapid growth of digital technology. The processes and
methods of production and distribution have been rede ned, unlimited access
to all types of content can easily be obtained and the formats and media have
been dematerialized, to name a few. With the declining traditional role of a
publisher, the industry is in a crisis that is highly likely to worsen if not
addressed.
Distribution
There was a time when independent booksellers
were taken over by the bookstore chains because
of the lower distribution costs associated with the
latter. That did not turn out to be everlasting
though. The emergence of online retailers, along
with the digital revolution, soon tempered the
growth of those booksellers.
With e-books and e-readers came digital distribution.
However, it has been found out that despite the large numbers of e-books and
e-readers, there is still a huge demand for traditional books. But, they are not
readily available anymore, in many parts of the world. Poor distribution is one
of the barriers in selling of traditional books.
While major retailers have been playing a role in books distribution process,
they usually stock only the best authors and the best sellers to make sure they
are being sold quickly. This has created huge problems for the authors,
particularly for the new ones as they lack channels to make their books
accessible.

Being Discovered By Readers (In Case Of New Writers)
Discoverability has become a huge concern for
new writers ever since the disappearance of local
retailers. Since they used to stock a large variety
of books and not focused on best sellers only,
they were the major channel through which
readers found out about the new authors and
books.
Local retailers also played a great role in promoting local authors. The
employees in the bookstores used to introduce and even suggest readers the
books they did not know about.
As the shelf space shrank with the disappearance of local retailers, the
discovery of new authors and books became a challenge not only for the
publishers, but for authors and readers as well.
To many people’s dismay, the problem was not resolved even after the digital
revolution took over the book industry. Discoverability is still as relevant an
issue as it was prior to the advent of the information technology. Easy
accessibility of the internet has resulted in information overload and increased
competition. To gain the attention of online readers and being discovered
among hundreds of thousands of writers and books require a di erent set of
marketing strategies.
It is the need for discovery that has given birth to a whole new eld i.e. Search
Engine Optimization (SEO).
While publishers have been experimenting with various techniques to resolve
the discoverability issue, they have yet to come up with a fool proof strategy.
Getting Customers or the Fear of Selling
Throughout the publishing and distribution
process, one of the fears that linger in the author’s
mind is the ‘fear of selling’.
This fear of selling is associated with many other
fears; what if the book does not get noticed in the
plethora of available books out there? What if the
author’s work fails to impress the audience and

cannot lead readers to purchase the book? What if his/ her book cannot
generate enough revenue?
Although the fears are kind of natural, particularly in case of new authors,
dealing with them is nerve-wracking.
Dealing With the Ever Increasing Competition
New authors are continuously making their way
into the book industry and they have always had.
But, the competition was never as intense as it is
today. This is mainly due to the high dominance of
information technology. By interconnecting the
world, it has increased the reach of authors; those
who were once only known by the local people
are now read and appreciated all over the world.
At the same time, it has also widened and intensi ed the competition. Authors
that only had to compete and do well in the local markets now have to make
their way through large numbers of works of authors from di erent parts of
the world.
To deal with this ever increasing competition and to gain the readers’ attention
is another great problem for the modern day authors.
Low Earning
While traditional book publishing has its perks,
one of the greatest problems it poses to the
authors is the very low amount of money they
earn from book sales. The publishers keep a large
share of the revenue that is being generated form
sales and the author merely receives about 6 to
10 % of the net amount.
Unsold Books Means Even Lesser Earning
The way traditional book publishing industry deals with the unsold books
creates a huge problem for authors. In the conventional industry, all the parties
from the publishing to the selling of a book i.e. the publisher, distributor,
retailer, and wholesaler, have the right to return all the unsold books to the

author, even months later. In return, they get a full refund that is being
deducted from the author’s share of revenue.
The Long Process from Publication to the Launch
Another problem for authors is to deal with the long
time the traditional book publishing industry takes
from reading the manuscript of a book to accepting
it for publishing, from publication to distribution
and then nally releasing the book for sale.
The whole process usually takes somewhere around
18 to 24 months; this can be really frustrating for
many authors.
Summation
All the problems and challenges authors face, mainly in the traditional book
publishing industry, make book publishing a highly tiresome and less fruitful
(at least materially) task.
The drawbacks of the industry have made people to question its relevance and
even existence in future.
Are we truly near the end of the traditional book publishing?
Not entirely perhaps, but it is expected that the emergence of new
technologies, platforms and channels is surely going to change the book
publishing industry.

5
Authorship – Readers and Writers Paradise
Being an author does not solely mean working days and nights in solitude to
put your ideas on paper, it never worked that way. But, in the rapidly changing
scenario after the digital revolution, authors have started taking up more roles
than ever. They have started taking charge of their work, have become more
active by participating in conferences, workshops, trainings, readers and

writer’s groups, and have also started to ensure their online
presence.
However, the problems with regard to conventional book
publishing are still unresolved largely. Despite the challenges
and drawbacks and seeing the old structures and
procedures falling apart, large numbers of authors are
forced to rely on the industry mainly because they do not
have any alternative available.
Although the advent and increasing popularity of paperless
or e-books have made some people question the future of
publishing industry, we are still to come up with a better and apposite
alternative.
“Authorship” aims to ll this very gap. Although still an idea that needs to
be pursued and put into practice, Authorship has the potential to
transform the book industry.
What Is Authorship?
“Authorship” is a website platform that is going to
be developed on the basis of the idea of
decentralization of the internet and for this
purpose the platform will make use of ‘Ethereum’.
With the aim of providing a platform to authors,
readers, publishers and even translators where
they cannot only interact, but can also o er and
avail services, Authorship is going to rede ne the book industry.
It will allow authors to take charge of their work and the publishing process, get
their works shared with large numbers of readers across the world and also
make money on monthly basis.
A Look into the Functioning Of the Decentralized Platform
As mentioned earlier, Authorship is going to be developed using the Ethereum
platform; one of the most fascinating and exciting experiments of the internet
that is to ful ll the wide held dream of decentralizing the internet.

Authorship aims to simplify the book publishing process by giving all the
authorities to the author. When an author publishes a book at the platform,
he/she enjoys all the rights and does not have to comply with the complex
policies of publishers, worry about the distribution or share the major chunk of
royalties with the publishing company.
Also, it aims to o er guaranteed monthly
payments to the rst 100,000 authors that will
register at the website platform.
The platform will run using virtual currency called
“ATS tokens” (Authorship tokens). A total of 100
million tokens will be issued. 20% of the tokens
will be reserved for the rst 100,000 authors
whereas the remaining 80% will be distributed
among the investors. The reserved 20% will be distributed among the authors
on monthly basis, after a predetermined schedule.
In addition to this, it will allow authors to publish their books for free and still
earn the tokens. This will be made possible by publishing advertisements in the
authorship’s reading apps. To get their products and/or services publicized,
advertisers will be required to buy tokens. These tokens will then be added to
the collection reserved for authors.
In addition to helping authors getting their works published and being sold
across the world, authorship will be a platform for readers, publishers and
translators as well.
Using the real money, readers will buy the ATS tokens which they can use to
purchase both e-books and printed books.
When it comes to getting the hard copies of books published, authorship will
revolutionize the publishing industry by reversing the typical scenario where
the authors have no option, but to compromise on money, as the publisher
takes the most pro t, to get their books published.
Rather than making authors look for a publishing company, the platform will
make publishers compete among themselves to get the rights for publishing a
book.
Whenever a reader will order a printed book on authorship, all the interested
publishers on the platform will forward their quotes for printing the book and
delivering it to the reader. This will give birth to a competitive environment
where not only the publishers will be forced to come up with more realistic

o ers (low process), but the authors will also have
the option to choose the best from a variety of
publishers.
Authorship will also bring amazing opportunities
for all the language experts out there. A lot of
authors want their books to be translated into one
or more languages so that more and more
people, all over the world, can read them. However, many cannot make it
happen because they have access to only a limited number of translators who
usually charge high amounts of money for the work.
At authorship, the authors will be connected to large numbers of translators all
over the world, which will ensure competitive prices. The royalty from the sale
of every translated book will be shared by the author and the translator.
To sum up, it can easily be said that with the aim of resolving one of the biggest
challenges authors face i.e. to get their books printed and distributed, to create
numerous career opportunities for translators, and to connect readers with at
least 100,000 authors from all over the world, authorship is going to drastically
transform the book industry.
Also, with its promising features, it can easily be called as the readers and
writers’ paradise.
How Will It Revolutionize The Book Industry?
Publishing
In the conventional book publishing industry, publishers are
at the most advantageous position. Since only the publisher
has the infrastructure and resources to get the book
published and reach the readers, authors are forced to
comply with their demands, high prices and unjust policies to
make their work reach large numbers of readers.
In the world of authorship, the unjust bene ts that publishers
have been enjoying since a very long time will be ended. By
giving the control and charge of their work in authors’ own hands, the platform
will force the publishing companies to come up with fair policies and rates to
get work and earn money.
Distribution, Discovery and Sales

While every book seller is ready to stock up the books of established and
popular authors, those that are not considered ‘big names’ of the industry face
huge troubles when it comes to distribution.
As mentioned earlier, with the great decrease in the numbers of traditional
brick and mortar local retailers, and the ever increasing competition, the
discoverability has become a huge problem for new authors. This directly
a ects the sales of their books.
In the new authorship era, the problem will be taken care of by ensuring that
equal opportunities are provided to all the authors on the platform irrespective
of the status they enjoy.

Conclusion
A digital world that functions without the interference of third parties,
censorship, downtime or fraud is a dream we all have had for long time.
“Authorship” is a step towards making this very dream a
reality. Although a lot more needs to be done for complete
decentralization of the internet, the successful development
of the website platform will prove the skeptics wrong who
believe that this cannot be achieved in the real world.
Furthermore, the authorship will rede ne the book industry.
By bringing authors, readers, translators and publishers on
the same platform, it will mark the beginning of a new era
where the issues, challenges, and drawbacks of the traditional
book industry will no more be present to make writing and
reading books di cult.
Authorship promises a more book friendly future for readers and authors all
over the world. Also, it will create many work opportunities for the publishers
and translators as well. The website platform is one thing that we all should
look forward to and play our part into making it a reality.

