1

Content

 Introduction
 AUTONIO Business Model & Features
 AUTONIO Prototype & Trading Indicators
 Tokens & Coin Distribution
 Roadmap
 Conclusion

2

Introduction
According to a recent JP Morgan report 90% of all Wall Street trading volume is attributed to
automated HFT and Index Funds.1 Advanced learning algorithms have largely been the domain
of trading banks and hedge funds that use AI as part of a larger strategy that employs a variety of
trading tactics. Their types of models react to split second changes in relationships between
different markets. The spoils go to the banks with the fastest models and the fastest execution
that can take advantage of short term transient market inefficiencies. Because the markets traded
are mature, the movements are usually minute, with huge transactions that drive correspondingly
high profits.
On the other hand, cryptocurrencies are the brave new world of trading. The markets are
relatively young and still very inefficient. It is not unusual to see bitcoins move 10% in a single
day. In addition, due to size and potential regulatory conflicts, the cryptocurrency markets are
largely shunned by established trading houses leaving the field open for dynamic young
companies
to
take
advantage
of
the
opportunities in the markets.
With market capitalization
ballooning (cryptocurrency
market capitalization has
grown from $8.8bn to
$80.6bn in the past year
with no signs of a
slowdown), the time is right
for a dispassionate, selflearning trading engine to
take advantage of an
environment where less
professional
and
less
disciplined traders create
many profit opportunities.
Cryptocurrencies
are
obviously a natural fit for
automated trading; the market volatility can be hugely profitable using AI-based trading and is
rapidly gaining popularity. Automated trading is mainly achieved using scripts that need some
coding experience and are devoid of GUI, or through one of about half a dozen commercial
products requiring expensive memberships. Crypto trading may not be easy and sure-shot thing
for everyone.
And, therefore we introduce AUTONIO.

1

1https://www.forbes.com/sites/robisbitts2/2017/08/01/4-numbers-that-really-matter-to-investorsnow/#7d91cd6a346e

3

AUTONIO Business Model & Features
The efficacy of AI has already been proven. We now have AI being used in a range of supportive
technologies from security to medical research, natural disaster prediction and agriculture. Deep
learning models are utilized to predict consumer behavior, traffic flow in urban centers, and
Google’s AI AlphaGo bested World Go champion Lee Sedol in four out of five matches last
year, a feat that until very recently was considered impossible.
AUTONIO is the first decentralized AI-powered trading robots that deploys years of knowledge
gained from Wall Street’s automated high frequency trading (HFT) industry making use of
market indicators to analyze cryptocurrency trends in order to generate buy/sell signals and
execute trades. Mimicking strategies honed by some of the biggest players on Wall Street,
AUTONIO believes cryptocurrencies are a new class of assets ripe for conquering with
intelligent machine learning algorithms and neural networks.
Trading bots or algorithmic trading is a technique that uses pre-programmed software that
analyzes market actions, such
as time, price, orders, and
volume.
Within the cryptocurrencytrading arena, AI trading is
still in its infancy. It either
requires
expensive
membership and/or additional
coding experience. Autonio is
distinctly different from the
existing trading tools like
Btcrobot,
Cryptotrader,
Haasonline,
Cryptoping,
Gekko, Zenbot, Tradewave.
http://www.btcrobot.com is a
Clickbank
sales
product, https://cryptoping.te
ch did an ICO and raised $2.5
million
for
providing
trading signals as SMS, and
all others are old products
with paid subscription model,
which charges 200 to 500
USD a month per user.
Autonio stands-out tall amongst its competitors in several ways:

4

Firstly, its easy-to-use GUI does not need any coding or trading experience.
Secondly, it automatically combines multiple indicators into a single clear buy/sell signal and
executes the trades in as high frequency as the user decides. To make its high speed buy / sell
decisions, Autonio currently integrates 5 indicators that include EMA, MACD, RSI, Bollinger
Bands, Ultimate Oscillator, which are subsequently discussed. 25 more indicators are currently
under development and will be integrated subsequent to ICO funding.
Thirdly, the users can personalize and optimize their trading strategies by combining the trading
indicators to maximize their returns. Basically users can design their own investment /
divestment strategies and let AUTONIO do the rest on their behalf.
Fourthly, the AUTONIO platform allows users to back test each of their alternative strategies
and chose the one with highest returns.
Fifthly, the Autonio platform
publishes an Official NIO
Trading
Championship
Leaderboard that dynamically
lists the top trading strategies.
Leaderboards are not only fun
way to drive competition among
users,
but
the
NIO
Championship Leaderboard goes
a step ahead and makes it more
exciting and profitable by
allowing the NIO Champion
strategies to be bought, sold,
leased, traded among the
participating traders within a
decentralized
system
in
exchange for NIO Tokens using
smart contracts. Thus allowing
traders to boost their returns by
using the most profitable strategy
designed by the expert traders.
Potential users can get a flavor of
this feature during Autonio
presale campaign by winning
bounties
for
topping
the
leaderboard.
Finally, there are still more
exciting features and expansion
plans that we are keeping under wraps for now. Expect some major new feature announcement
subsequent to the ICO.

5

In a nutshell AUTONIO aims to bring together the crypto trading community, connecting experts
to newbie users, and allowing people from diverse backgrounds to share their expertise and let
the community as a whole benefit from crypto market volatility. Users not only compete with
each other on the basis of the most rewarding trading strategies that hits the top of the
leaderboard, but they benefit from the strategies of the top traders thereby making trading further
more exciting and rewarding.
Furthermore, as noted by an algorithm-trading expert, robot trading is not a “fire-and-forget”
missile. You can’t just let it run by itself for extended periods. When fully developed AUTONIO
aims to breaks that barrier.

AUTONIO Prototype & Trading Indicators
Artificial intelligence has proven its power and advantage at recognizing general trends, in
trading traditional stocks and other time-series analysis tasks. Inspired by this, we focus on
creating an artificial intelligence trade robot that will be able to predict the course and the trend
of particular cryptocurrency. In particular, we apply two types of predictive models. The first is a
classification model, which predicts the direction of the change: whether it is going to be
positive, negative or constant. The second algorithm is a forecasting model that will use the input
of the first one, and will project the price of the cryptocurrency.

The AUTONIO platform is built on Javascript, PHP, and Ethereum smart contracts for securely
connecting the trading ecosystem. Right now we have Bitfinex to showcase a functional demo
product for potential investors to back test and see various AI trading strategies and potential
profits they can make with those strategies. Bitfinex has about 28 currency pairs and all the 28
pairs are available for users to test various trading strategies. New coins when added to affiliated
exchanges will be automatically updated to our software.
ICO investors can actually design their own strategies and check how their returns can be
optimized. In fact as pre-ICO promotion AUTONIO is offer bounties to traders who can use
6

AUTONIO to top the NIO Champions Leaderboard and win tokens. On one hand this will give
the investors an opportunity to get a feel of AUTONIO platform, and on the other hand it will
provide a valuable input for improving the platform.
1. Exponential Moving Average (EMA) Crossovers
An exponential moving average (EMA) is a type of moving average that is similar to a simple
moving average, except that more weight is given to the latest data. It's also known as the
exponentially weighted moving average. This type of moving average reacts faster to recent
price changes than a simple moving average.

The EMA indicator is popular amongst the Forex traders for its visual simplicity. Traders can
quickly assess the prevailing trend of price behavior from the direction of the EMA. The key
points of reference are when the EMA crosses over the pricing candlesticks or another EMA. If
prices are going up and a crossover occurs, that is viewed as a “Buy” signal, and vice-versa.

7

2. Relative Strength Index (RSI)
The relative strength index (RSI) is a momentum indicator developed by noted technical analyst
Welles Wilder that compares the magnitude of recent gains and losses over a specified time
period to measure speed and change of price movements of a security. It is primarily used to
attempt to identify overbought or oversold conditions in the trading of an asset.

3. Moving average convergence divergence (MACD)
Moving average convergence divergence (MACD) is a trend-following momentum indicator
that shows the relationship between two moving averages of prices. The MACD is calculated by
subtracting the 26-day exponential moving average (EMA) from the 12-day EMA. A nine-day
EMA of the MACD, called the "signal line", is then plotted on top of the MACD, functioning as
a trigger for buy and sell signals.

8

4. Bollinger Bands
Developed by famous stock trader John Bollinger, Bollinger Band is plotted two standard
deviations away from a simple moving average.
Bollinger Bands are a highly popular technical analysis technique. Many traders believe the
closer the prices move to the upper band, the more overbought the market, and the closer the
prices move to the lower band, the more oversold the market. AUTONIO’s AI engine follows
Bollinger’s 22 rules for its trading decision.

5. Ultimate Oscillator
It is a technical indicator invented by Larry Williams that uses the weighted average of three
different time periods to reduce the volatility and false transaction signals that are associated
with many other indicators that mainly rely on a single time period.

9

User can use single indicator or combination of indicators that emit signals based on user input in
an easy to use GUI to device the best AI trading strategies.

Tokens & Coin Distribution
Our tokens will be of a standardized ERC20 form, so they can easily be integrated or displayable
for any other party who wishes to do so. All of this code will be publicly available in our
repositories and can be audited by anyone who wishes to do so.
When the NIO Token sale completes successfully, the NIO Tokens will be enabled for transfer
among the members instantly. Tokens can be pre-purchased through the ICO site, or earned
through a series of bonus / bounty / referral programs or via the AUTONIO platform. The funds
become available to AUTONIO under the milestones described under 'Project Funds Release'.
To promote trust in the AUTONIO project and to execute a successful Token sale we have
established an escrow arrangement using Ethereum Multisig wallet. NIO tokens will be
eventually listed on several of the cyptocurrency exchanges for trading.
Ether Multisig Wallet: We will be using standard Ethereum Multisig wallet contract created
through the Ethereum/Mist Wallet. We’ll use a trusted escrow service.

Use of Funds:
The proceeds of the funds raised will be used to deliver on our goal of making cryptocurrency
trading exciting and profitable to users of any level of experience from novices to experts, by
using advance AI algorithms, and eventually move crypto trading towards the path of a
decentralized and autonomous system that becomes a truly “fire-and-forget” system. This will
entail allocating funds in the following 3 major categories:
1. Human resources: Our existing team needs to be expanded to deliver on our development
roadmap. This will consume 60-65% of the budget.
2. Marketing Resources: 20-25% of the budget will go towards creation of marketing resources
that include content creation and manpower to drive AUTONIO user base and boost brand
awareness via appropriate channels.
3. Administrative Overheads: 15-20% of the budget will cover administration, legal and other
operating expenses.
Token Sale Period: September 22nd, 2017 at 00:00 CST – 22nd October at 00:00 CST
Ticker: NIO
Total Supply: 256,000,000 NIO
Platform: Ethereum
Hard Cap: $10,000,000
Crowd-Sale: 179,200,000 NIO
Founding Team: 38,400,000 NIO
Partners: 25,600,000 NIO
Bounty Program: 12,800,000 NIO

10

Bonuses
September 22nd, First 24h: 20% Bonus
September 23rd - 30th : 10% bonus
October 1st - 7th: 5% Bonus
October 8th - 15th : 2.5% Bonus
October 16th onwards: No Bonus

ICO starts on September 22nd, 2017 at 00:00 CST. The sale will continue for one month until
October 22nd, 2017 at 00:00 CTC. Maximum cap on crowdsale is $10,000,000. From a total
supply of 256,000,000 NIO Tokens 25,600,000 tokens will be available in pre-sale. 179,200,000
NIO tokens are reserved for crowdsale. 38,400,000 are reserved for the founding team and
12,800,000 Tokens will be used for bounty programs. Tokens can be purchased with Ethereum.
All unclaimed tokens will be burned, and full report on investments and resulting supply of
tokens will be released. We will be assessing and verifying ICO results for a week after it ends.
After that, all investors will be able to withdraw their tokens to their wallets. Adding NIO to
exchanges will follow after. The buybacks and token burning will begin at the same time.

11

Conclusion
There are 1025 different coins listed on different cryptocurrency exchanges. Coins that are
backed by some unique concepts with significant future earning potential are few and far
between. The efficiency of Autonio and the disruptive platform it creates making buying, selling
or leasing of trading strategies possible in exchange for NIO tokens all but ensures its position in
the market. The interdependence of the token and the tech adds huge value to NIO. Although
there’s no way to assess or make future predictions on how a cryptocurrency trades in future, it’s
underlying business model, and the importance to it could be a good way to make a fair
evaluation.
Cryptocurrency trading involves many risks, one of which is making the wrong decision. Wrong
decisions are mostly coming out of human emotions. An AI trading robot, built on machine
learning algorithm, is devoid of those human weaknesses, such as, impatience, fear, greed, and
latency. The ability to execute millions of trades per day based on the machine-learned
intelligence of the cryptocurrency market, without the hindrances of human emotions, boosts the
ability of the robot to quickly turn around profits from each trade. Although, such high-frequency
trading (HFT) makes tiny bit of profit on each individual trade, but done thousands of times a
day it accumulates above average return to the investor. AUTONIO’s algorithm also tracks
market bugs and system inefficiencies with speeds that beat other trading bots. Further we will
hire quants to program advanced AI trading strategies for our users.
Currently there is nothing that can rival Autonio with the function and its ease in question. It
doesn’t require expensive monthly payments unlike the inefficient and inconsistent options. It
works even when you sleep constantly doing its best to generate revenues.
In addition to our executive team, we expect to further increase our team by cooperating with the
best external experts and consultants on the market for legal compliance (blockchain & financial
market), crowdfunding procedure, general business development, and digital marketing.

12

Results
1) 15 day trading on BTCUSD market on Bitfinex, beating buy and hold market by 15%:

2) 45 day trading on ETHUSD market on Bitfinex with Autonio beat the market by 37.5%
with many quick sharp effective trades.

13

3) 30 day trading on LTC USD market on Bitfinex with Autonio application beat the market
by 15%

4) 30 day trading on ETC USD market in Bitfinex with Autonio beat the market by 25%
even when the general market was crashing during that period

14

DISCLAIMER
NOT AN OFFER TO SOLICIT SECURITIES AND RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NIO
TOKEN (NIO) AND THE AUTONIO PLATFORM:
This document is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or solicitation
to sell shares or securities in Autonio or any related or associated company. Any such offer or
solicitation will be made only by means of a confidential offering memorandum and in
accordance with the terms of all applicable securities and other laws. None of the information or
analyses presented are intended to form the basis for any investment decision, and no specific
recommendations are intended. Accordingly this document does not constitute investment advice
or counsel or solicitation for investment in any security. This document does not constitute or
form part of, and should not be construed as, any offer for sale or subscription of, or any
invitation to offer to buy or subscribe for, any securities, nor should it or any part of it form the
basis of, or be relied on in any connection with, any contract or commitment whatsoever.
Autonio expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct or consequential loss or
damage of any kind whatsoever arising directly or indirectly from: (i) reliance on any
information contained in this document, (ii) any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such
information or (iii) any action resulting therefrom.

15

RISK DISCLOSURES
Autonio Token, or “NIO”, is a cryptographic token used by the Autonio network.
NIO is not a cryptocurrency. At the time of this writing, NIO (i) cannot be exchanged for goods
or services, (ii) has no known uses outside the Autonio network, and (iii) cannot be traded on any
known exchanges. NIO is not an investment. There is no guarantee-indeed there is no reason to
believe-that the NIO you purchase will increase in value. It may and probably will at some pointdecrease in value. Those who do
not actually use their NIO honestly and fairly will lose their NIO to those who do.
NIO is not evidence of ownership or right to control. Controlling NIO does not grant its
controller ownership or equity in Autonio, or the Autonio network. NIO does not grant any right
to participate in the control the direction or decision-making of Autonio or the Autonio Network.
1) Risk of Losing Access to NIO Due to Loss of Credentials:
The purchaser’s NIO may be associated with an Autonio account until they are distributed to the
purchaser. The Autonio account can only be accessed with login credentials selected by the
purchaser. The loss of these credentials will result in the loss of NIO. Best practices dictate that
purchasers safely store credentials in one or more backup locations geographically
separated from the working location.
2) Risks Associated with the Ethereum Protocol NIO and the Autonio network are based upon
the Ethereum protocol. As such, any malfunction, unintended function or unexpected functioning
of the Ethereum protocol may cause the Autonio network or NIO to malfunction or function in
an unexpected or unintended manner. Ether, the native unit of account of the Ethereum Protocol
may itself lose value in ways similar to NIO, and also other ways. More information about the
Ethereum protocol is available at http://www.ethereum.org
3) Risks Associated with Voting
the purchaser may lose NIO by exercising votes maliciously or carelessly.
4) Risks Associated with Purchaser Credentials Any third party that gains access to the
purchaser’s login credentials or private keys may be able to dispose of the purchaser’s NIO. To
minimize this risk, the purchaser should guard
against unauthorized access to their electronic devices.
5) Risk of Unfavorable Regulatory Action in One or More Jurisdictions Blockchain technologies
have been the subject of scrutiny by various regulatory bodies around the world. The functioning
of the Autonio network and NIO could be impacted by one or more regulatory inquiries or
actions, including but not limited to restrictions on the use or possession of digital tokens like
NIO, which could impede or limit the development of the Autonio network.
6) Risk of Alternative, Unofficial Autonio Networks Following the presale and the development
of the initial version of the NIO platform, it is possible that alternative networks could be
established, which utilize the same open source code and open source protocol underlying the
Autonio network. The official Autonio network may compete with these alternative, unofficial
NIO-based networks, which could potentially negatively impact the Autonio network and NIO.
7) Risk of Insufficient Interest in the Autonio Network or Distributed Applications It is possible
that the Autonio network will not be used by a large number of businesses, individuals, and other
organizations and that there will be limited public interest in the creation and development of
distributed applications. Such a lack of interest could impact the
development of the Autonio network and therefore the potential uses or value of NIO.
8) Risk that the Autonio Network, As Developed, Will Not Meet the Expectations of Purchaser

16

the Autonio network is presently under development and may undergo significant changes before
release. Any expectations regarding the form and functionality of NIO or the Autonio network
held by the purchaser may not be met upon release, for any number of reasons including a
change in the design and implementation plans and execution of the Autonio network.
9) Risk of Theft and Hacking Hackers or other groups or organizations may attempt to interfere
with the Autonio network or the availability of NIO in any number of ways, including without
limitation denial of service
attacks, Sybil attacks, spoofing, smurfing, malware attacks, or consensus-based attacks.
10) Risk of Security Weaknesses in the NIO network Core Infrastructure Software the Autonio
network consists of open-source software that is itself based on open-source software. There is a
risk that the Autonio team or other third parties may intentionally or unintentionally introduce
weaknesses or bugs into the core infrastructural elements of the
Autonio network interfering with the use of or causing the loss of NIO.
11) Risk of Weaknesses or Exploitable Breakthroughs in the Field of Cryptography Advances in
cryptography, or technical advances such as the development of quantum computers, could
present risks to cryptocurrencies and the Autonio platform, which could
result in the theft or loss of NIO. 12) Risk of NIO Mining Attacks As with other decentralized
cryptographic tokens and cryptocurrencies, the blockchain used for the Autonio network is
susceptible to mining attacks, including but not limited to double-spend attacks, majority mining
power attacks, “selfish­mining” attacks, and race condition attacks. Any successful attacks
present a risk to the Autonio network, expected proper execution and sequencing of Autonio
markets, and expected proper execution and sequencing of Ethereum contract computations.
Despite the efforts of the Autonio Team, the risk of known or novel mining attacks exists.
13) Risk of Lack of Adoption or Use of the Autonio Network While NIO should not be viewed
as an investment; it may have value over time. That value may be limited if the Autonio network
lacks use and adoption. If this becomes the case,
there may be few or no markets upon the launch of the platform, limiting the value of NIO.
14) Risk of an Illiquid Market for NIO There are currently no exchanges upon which NIO might
trade. If ever exchanges do develop, they will likely be relatively new and subject to
poorly-understood regulatory oversight. They may therefore be more exposed to fraud and
failure than established, regulated exchanges for other products. To the extent that the exchanges
representing a substantial portion of the volume in NIO trading are involved in fraud or
experience security failures or other operational issues, such exchanges’ failures may result in a
reduction in the value or liquidity of NIO.
15) Risk of Uninsured Losses Unlike bank accounts or accounts at some other financial
institutions, funds held using the Autonio or Ethereum network is generally uninsured. In the
event of loss or loss of value, there is no public insurer, such as the F.D.I.C., or private insurer, to
offer recourse to the purchaser. 16) Risk of Dissolution of the Autonio Project It is possible that,
due to any number of reasons, including without limitation an unfavorable fluctuation in the
value of Bitcoin, unfavorable fluctuation in the value of NIO, the failure of business
relationships, or competing intellectual property claims, the Autonio project may
no longer be a viable business and may dissolve or fail to launch.
17) Risk of Malfunction in the Autonio Network It is possible that the Autonio network
malfunctions in an unfavorable way, including but
not limited to one that result in the loss of NIO, or information concerning a market.
18) Unanticipated Risks Cryptocurrency and cryptographic tokens are a new and untested

17

technology. In addition to the risks set forth here, there are risks that the Autonio team cannot
anticipate. Risks may further materialize as unanticipated combinations or variations of the
risks set forth here.

18

