axioms

1.

ABSTRACT

The Cryptocurrency market is reshaping the tradi5onal ﬁnance and fund raising process by providing a modern age fund raising
model called ini5al coin oﬀering (ICO), that acts as a bridge between startups and investors. There exists a mul5tude of methods
used for raising awareness, increasing trading volume, community adop5on and user engagement, majority of which needing
substan5al amount of budget, 5me and labor.However, one revolu5onary way is to incen5vise community par5cipa5on through
the use of Airdrops— the process whereby a cryptocurrency enterprise distributes cryptocurrency tokens to the wallets of a
number of users free of charge.
We aim to facilitate crypto projects growth by helping them build user networks and grow communi5es through provision of an
Open source, Automated, Smart Contracts based token distribu5on plaJorm. We oﬀer a decentralised blockchain based
plaJorm that enables token developers to airdrop their coins to the Axioms user base for comple5ng social media tasks,
therefore enabling them to build a much needed ac5ve community. Axioms Network strives to fully harness the power of
blockchain innova5on and will serve as a replacement for the tradi5onal centralized airdropping plaJorms, which are 5me and
eﬀort consuming process for planning and execu5ng but also charge massive fee for lis5ng a speciﬁc ICO. By integra5ng
blockchain, tokenisa5on, and smart contracts, we provide a decentralised plaJorm for airdropping that has no analogs to date
in the centralized Internet. The token, AXM, will create a new infrastructure that will enable Axioms plaJorm users to be able to
receive airdrops with a couple of clicks.
This white paper gives a detailed descrip5on of our research and planning and also aims to demonstrate the current status and
future plans of Axioms plaJorm, its associated products, solu5ons and the Axioms token—the payment gateway within Axioms
ecosystem. It aims to inform our readers how we are using our teams’ exper5se to provide decentralised airdropping token
distribu5on in an eﬃcient manner, in a way that op5mises returns for the projects and our communi5es.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1.

Abstract ...............................................................................................................................................1

2.

Introduc5on to Axioms .......................................................................................................................3

3.

Background ........................................................................................................................................0
3.1.

Importance of Community in an ICO ...........................................................................................0

3.2.

What is an Airdrop and its role in building community?..............................................................1

3.3.

How it works? ..............................................................................................................................1

3.4.

Why airdrops? ..............................................................................................................................1

4.

Problems we solve ..............................................................................................................................4

5.

Our Mission .......................................................................................................................................5

6.

Our vision ............................................................................................................................................5

7.

Technical architecture ........................................................................................................................6

8.

Axioms Smart Contracts—Removing trust from airdropping ...........................................................12

9.

Axioms—Providing Value through Automa5on ................................................................................13
9.1.

How it works? ............................................................................................................................13

9.2.

Social Media Inﬂuencer Program(SMIP) ....................................................................................13

9.2.1. The algorithm behind the SMIP ................................................................................................. 13
9.3.

Partner Referral Program(PRP) ..................................................................................................14

9.4.

Oﬀ chain airdrops collateral contracts .......................................................................................14

9.5.

Request & Bug Program .............................................................................................................14

9.6.

Bots Protec5on and preven5on ................................................................................................. 15

9.7.

Airdrop consensus .....................................................................................................................15

9.8.

Ranks and Hierarchy ..................................................................................................................15

9.9.

plaJorm growth and the chicken and the egg problem ............................................................16

10.

Axioms —The role of smart contracts and ethereum .......................................................................17

11.

Axioms — Crea5ng Awareness About Your Cryptocurrency .............................................................18

12.

Axioms—helping build your network ...............................................................................................19

13.

Axioms Token ....................................................................................................................................20

13.1.

Features of Axioms Token: ........................................................................................................20

14.

Road map ..........................................................................................................................................22

15.

Disclaimer .........................................................................................................................................24

15.1.

RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION ...........................................................25

15.2.

RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES ........................................................................................................26

2.

INTRODUCTION TO AXIOMS

There are a variety of ways to raise project awareness like increasing trading volume, community adop5on and user
engagement; all of which need a signiﬁcant budget, and are 5me and labor intensive. However, one revolu5onary way is
through incen5vising community par5cipa5on with Airdrops— the process, whereby a cryptocurrency enterprise distributes
cryptocurrency tokens to the wallets of some users in exchange for the comple5on of some trivial social media task.
At Axioms, our endeavour is always to ﬁnd safe ways for our partner projects to build communi5es while users can get free
tokens for their par5cipa5on. This way, we are reducing fric5on for the en5re crypto sphere by oﬀering a plaJorm which
seamlessly connects the developer who recently launched a cryptocurrency, needs a community for their ICO and/or a member
of community aiming to leverage their social media to receive tokens.
Axioms will be a state of the art decentralised plaJorm that aims to revolu5onise the concept of crypto Airdropping by enabling
automated token distribu5on, task checking, and trust-less smart contracts. It oﬀers a decentralised blockchain-based plaJorm,
backed by Smart Contracts, that enables token developers to send their coins to Axioms plaJorm users. Moreover, it also allows
Axioms the community to receive these token directly into their wallets without all the manual hassle.
Axioms Network aims to fully harness the power of blockchain innova5on, and will serve as a replacement for the tradi5onal
centralized airdropping plaJorms, as we know, this is a business that will emerge and add trust among the par5es with the
evolu5on of blockchain and transac5ons being carried out on the distributed ledger. By integra5ng sophis5cated technologies
such as Blockchain, Tokenisa5on and Smart contracts, we provide a decentralised plaJorm for airdropping that has no analogs
to date in the centralized Internet. The token AXM will create a new infrastructure that will enable Axioms plaJorm users to
receive other projects’ cryptocurrencies in order to create larger communi5es of users and automate reward mechanisms.

3.

BACKGROUND

The cryptocurrency market is changing the way startups can raise capital. The blockchain method has been used by the ini5al
coin oﬀering (ICO) to connect crowdfunding with the investors, in turn help the growth of the venture and also the credibility of
the coin. In recent years, the ICO market has recorded substan5al growth especially aner the hype created around Bitcoin and
Blockchain aner August 2017.
Research suggests that ICO’s are shaping up to be a true compe5tor to tradi5onal Venture Capital (VC) Industry. In 2013, there
were only 2 ICOs with $800,000 raised, whereas in the ﬁrst five months of 2018, a total of 537 ICOs (listed on top ico plaJorms)
with a volume of $13.7 billion have been closed successfully, which is more than all Pre-2018 ICOs combined.

Year

AVG
Dura>on(Days)

AVG USD Mln/ICO Total ICOs

Total Volume USD Mln

2013

51

0.4

2

0.8

2014

68

3.8

8

30.5

2015

32

1.0

10

9.9

2016

39

5.1

49

252.0

2017

29

12.8

552

7043

2018(To date)

48

25.5

537

13712.8

All

38

18.2

1158

21,049.4

ICOs oﬀer cryptocurrency projects fast and low cost alterna5ve methods for obtaining the public funds required to develop new
technologies and/or start the expansion of their companies. However, as the success of an ICO is inherently dependent on
public contribu5on, it is important to build a community around a project before launching. Sta5s5cs from Bitcoin.com reveal
that all too onen ICO and cryptocurrency projects neglect to formulate a community engagement strategy, which can directly
impact the performance of ICOs, pre and post-crowdfunding rounds. In the same way that conven5onal businesses achieve
strategic advantages, by clearly accentua5ng value proposi5ons to new and prospec5ve customers, cryptocurrency projects that
produce eﬀec5ve marke5ng campaigns aimed at cul5va5ng brand ambassadors and engaging communi5es, will likely perform
beper in the long run.

3.1.

IMPORTANCE OF COMMUNITY IN AN ICO

Research by Bitcoinnews.com suggests that only 54% of all cryptocurrencies and ICOs from 2017, are s5ll opera5onal. Almost
every second cryptocurrency project last year failed. A trend which tends to reﬂect, the lack of a clear community building and
management strategy. Being able to eﬀec5vely build and engage a community requires choosing the right marke5ng strategy,
par5cularly managing the various plaJorms on which you are likely to communicate the developments of the project. For digital

currencies, commonly used social media plaJorms and communica5on tools include Telegram, Discord, Bitcointalk, Twiper, and
Reddit. However, with Facebook’s new adver5sing policy explicitly sta5ng bans for ICOs, Twiper also planning to ban ICO Ads
and Mailchimp declining to support crypto based emails, the world of crypto needs an alterna5ve where they can build
community which is vital for the success of their project.
Given the recent trend in crypto market and considering it's poten5al, we are conﬁdent that Airdrops are the true alterna5ve to
building a crypto community everyone has been looking for.

3.2.

WHAT IS AN AIRDROP AND ITS ROLE IN BUILDING COMMUNITY?

The 21st century Airdrop is the story of crypto developers, trying to spread word about their coin by giving it out as free rewards
to as many people as possible. It is the process whereby a cryptocurrency enterprise distributes cryptocurrency tokens to the
wallets of some users free of charge. Generally, Airdrops are carried out by blockchain-based startups to bootstrap their
cryptocurrency projects while established blockchain-based enterprises also perform either to reward their exis5ng
communi5es or build new communi5es around the project.
The whole idea behind airdrops stems from the popular belief that the more users a crypto has, the more valuable it will be. So,
airdrops are a way for developers to create awareness about their coin, and to get a lot of people involved. So it is a win-win
situa5on for everybody; the developers who will get more people involved with their coin, and the airdrop collectors, who will
get a crypto in exchange for comple5ng trivial social media tasks, which may increase dras5cally in value aner it gets listed on
exchanges. In the beginning, projects carried out “blind” airdrops, which they would generate valid hex addresses and send a
small amount of coins to random wallets across the network. Axioms however, oﬀers a community of crypto-savvy and engaged
users who can not only increase your numbers in bulk, but may also provide engagement and interest for the project as a whole,
and provides a much higher user reten5on rate than blind airdrops.

3.3.

HOW IT WORKS?

There are basically two major types of airdrops: The ﬁrst come as a surprise and the second is announced beforehand. For
already established blockchain-based enterprises, they may choose to go the route of the former rather than the laper. Gevng
to know about it might depend on how involved one is in the crypto community. For a new startup or upcoming ICO, the laper
i.e. announcing beforehand is a beper, more viable approach, as this way pre-airdrop announcements can get the buzz going.
Since the aim is mostly to bootstrap the project, the airdrop process usually involves the comple5on of a number of tasks by the
user in order to qualify for the airdrop. When the date of the airdrop arrives, the enterprise will release the free tokens to the
users who qualify.

3.4.

WHY AIRDROPS?

Referring to the importance of mass-airdrops, research suggests that it can lead to substan5al community growth; in liple to no
5me. Hydro is one such project that completed their airdrop on February 16th, distribu5ng a total of 2,632,330,741.57 tokens
raising a community of over 25,000 in a few day dura5on. Similarly, Polymath, a crypto security project and NOBS token, raised
over 10,000 Airdrop par5cipants in a few weeks.

A community that earns free tokens that don’t hold any current value, but rather expected future value is incen5vised to
promote the token. As such, air-droppers want their digital assets to have a price tag in future and will therefore promote the
token sale and hope for its success. Since airdrops result in the user receiving the airdrop performing certain tasks, the user is
consequently persuaded to complete assigned ac5ons. Therefore, further tasks can be given regarding promo5on of the project
even more for the user's incen5ve to increase the value of their token. What this means, the project managers end up with
users who are ready to listen to instruc5ons to help, as community members. This is a phenomenal opportunity to create both
an ac5ve and suppor5ve community.
Through airdrops, projects are more likely to reach and interact with a wider number of people while recipients receive rewards.
Moreover, due to the growing interest in airdrops, it is probable that a project will reach a wider demographic once it
announces an impending airdrop. Through our plaJorm the projects can also do targeted airdrops to increase their user base
by, for example geographic loca5on. Airdrops may have an eﬀect on the price ac5vity of the token. This is due to a psychological
eﬀect called the endowment bias. This phenomenon refers to the fact that people believe the things they possess have more
value than those they do not have.This feeling may lead to a greater amount of interest and research into the token on the part
of the user. In turn, this could result in more demand for the token, which is what many blockchain projects aim to achieve.
The importance of Mass airdrops essen5ally boils down to network eﬀects and the nature of network graphs. Theories such as
Reed’s Law have suggested that a network’s u5lity (which be measured in money earned, or any other metric) is linearly
propor5onal to the number of nodes (people) in the graph. The exact amount of u5lity ranges from n² to 2^n based on the ﬁeld,
in which, the network graph was applied to, but it is clear that increasing your network larger and larger, will give you outsized
u5lity rela5ve to earlier u5lity.
For example, these theories show that growing from 100 to 200 people will provide signiﬁcantly less addi5onal u5lity than
growing from 1,000 to 1,100 people would, even though, you gained the same number of people.
Overall, airdrops provide four theore5cal value proposi5ons:
Lead genera5on:
Gathering contact informa5on is key to any marke5ng exercise, especially if prospects are “crypto-literate”.
Viral Marke5ng:
Most ICOs promote airdrops as “free money” — it will persuade many people to sign up to the sale and start referring their
circle.
FREE Money:
Anything with the tag “FREE” on it will go viral these days; it’s not that hard to see why doing airdrops is onen the go-to
marke5ng strategy amongst developers. Collec5ng an airdrop helps community get a coin which may become extremely
valuable in future for free.
Trigger Fear of Missing Our (FOMO):

As airdrops onen occur only a few weeks before a sale launches, it will create the sugges5ve
oﬀer such handsome discounts to convince investors that missed

expecta5on that we will also

the airdrop.

Reward Loyalty:
Airdrops could be an eﬀec5ve strategy to retain recurring users — unfortunately most of product that fundraised via ICOs do not
have an exis5ng user base.

Helps apract Investors and Reduce Market Budget:
As the treat of gevng free coins is dangled before crypto users, many of them will ﬂock to the coin, and this would help boost
the viability of the coin. In turn, it will help apract investors, as they will see the coin as something that has value or the
poten5al to be highly valuable in the future. The idea essen5ally bails down to making people think that FOMO for something
free is akin to FOMO for the same good when you have to pay for it.

4.

PROBLEMS WE SOLVE

Tradi5onal process of airdropping is s5ll hec5c and 5me consuming. A contributor needs to subscribed and connected to some
major Airdropping channels (who take massive fee up to 5 Bitcoin) from developers for lis5ng that Airdrop on their plaJorm,
while also a developer has to manually send their tokens to the par5cipants which is 5me consuming and needs dedicated staﬀ
personal to let this happen for around 2 months’ tenure, which could be beper spent focusing on developing the project. In a
nutshell, some of the major problems faced by developers and community in the airdropping process includes:
•

Substan5al amount of 5me and eﬀort needed to ini5ate and execute an Airdrop

•

Projects having problems with announcing & adver5sing the airdrops which lead to them missing the targets.

•

Task checking for laper distribu5on is a painstaking and long process.

•

They usually target the wrong user base

•

Massive fee for Airdrop lis5ng on centralized airdropping plaJorms

•

Projects being unable to oﬀer referrals thus not incen5vising ROI.

•

Too many scam projects stealing private keys or failing to distribute tokens.

At Axioms, we are aiming to resolve all these issues by providing an automated, decentralised, smart contracts based plaJorm
that will na5vely support any token that contains the debug func5on SendMany(),ERC20, NEP5, or Waves smart contracts. It will
enable blockchain startups and ICO teams to distribute their tokens directly using our plaJorm and build the much needed
community they are looking for, while at the same 5me also allowing our community to receive airdrop tokens directly into their
wallets.

5.

OUR MISSION

To create a decentralised Smart Contracts powered plaJorm that automates crypto airdropping and thus help crypto startups
grow their community while raising awareness about their project

6.

OUR VISION

A plaJorm that would enable crypto startups to grow communi5es through automated Smart Contract based Airdrops, and
allow users to slowly and steadily build a porJolio of cryptocurrencies by leveraging their social media.

7.

TECHNICAL ARCHITECTURE

The Axioms plaJorm will be a combina5on of NEP5, ERC20 and Waves Smart Contracts that automate the distribu5on of
Airdrops in a trustless manner when a set of condi5ons are met on the plaJorm. Interface

Axioms user interface is designed with the aim to be both user friendly and eﬃcient. It is op5mised for speciﬁc Airdrop
architecture, making sure that there are no memory leaks or dangling errors that exist, and works seamlessly with underlying
structures. Following are the basic func5onali5es Axioms would be providing:
Login in
For logging into the Axioms plaJorm, we oﬀer two func5onali5es:
Administrators:
An administrator is any authorised member of a speciﬁc ICO aiming to perform the Airdrop opera5on through Axioms plaJorm.
They can:
·

Set up Airdrop applica5ons

·

Accurately and precisely check the task comple5on

·

View progress in real 5me

·

Automate the Airdrop distribu5on

·

Get access to a database full of community members

Use Cases

Administrators can sign up and create Airdrops with a company email. This will help Core members beper shin through the
applica5ons, and to ensure a higher level of veracity/accuracy.
•

At the current stage, Administrators will shin through the Airdrops and will have the ability to censor any Airdrop that
looks by any means sketchy or doubJul

•

All tokens for an Airdrop must be sent to the Smart Contract shown in the applica5on, before they are approved and
therefore shown to our users. This ensure that our users will at all 5mes receive the promised amount of tokens once
they have successfully performed the required tasks

Normal Users:
Regular users or members as evident from the name are general community members aiming to get updated about poten5al
crypto projects and also looking to earn free tokens. Complete airdrops tasks
•

Track their earnings in:
1.

Number of tokens

2.

Campaigns they have contributed to.

Use Cases
●

Users can only sign up with one account [there is of course password recovery] if the systems detect the same social
media connected to several email accounts, all the accounts will be permanently banned.

●

All users will have to sign up with an ETH address that will be permanently associated with their account and is
immutable from an administra5ve perspec5ve.

User plaJorm
The user plaJorm will look something very similar to what is displayed above. Let us break it down:
Dashboard:
The dashboard is the landing page when a user logs in and contains the current Airdrops,descrip5ons, recent ac5vity and the
ability to track your progress.
·

Available Airdrops - Available Airdrops will show the logo of the coin being Airdropped & the tasks that are available
for that speciﬁc Airdrop. In grey the tasks that have not been completed and in red the ones that have. You will also
get a tag of the market price of the Airdrops you are doing.

·

Descrip5on - A descrip5on of the coin and a more in detail descrip5on of the task the user can complete.

·

Progress - You will be able to track how many tokens you have received in the en5re 5meline of your account and the
con5nuity of the drops
•

Progress - You will be able to track how many tokens you have received in the en5re 5meline of your
account and the con5nuity of the drops

Menu
The Menu will show the user which social media accounts his/her account is connected to. The menu is a sta5c bar on the len
of the screen that contains the username, and links to diﬀerent parts of the plaJorm:

●

Accounts - Edit the permissions we request from them and the connec5ons to its social media accounts.

●

Learn More -an FAQ sec5on divided by general ques5ons about the plaJorm, user targeted ques5ons and admins
targeted ques5ons

●

Sevngs - Ac5vate and deac5vate 2FA. Change your password or deac5vate your account.

Admin panel
This is the form administrators of Airdrops will have to ﬁll out to submit an Airdrop to our system. Admins must then provide
informa5on, such as:

- Name: The Name of the coin to be airdropped.
- Symbol: Trading symbol of the token.
- Descrip5on: A small descrip5on of the coin the administrator is airdropping.
- Overall Value: An range of the dollar value of the coins being airdropped.
- Price/Token: Determines how much each token it currently worth.
- End Date: End date fo the airdrop campaign.
- Website: Website URL of the company.
- Total Tokens: The total amount of tokens you will be sending to the smart contract.
- Logo: A ﬁeld to upload a 100*100px image of the logo.
- Colour: Accepts hex colours that deﬁne the colour of the top bar in their airdrop card
- Total Tokens: The total amount of tokens you will be sending to the smart contract.
- Token Smart Contract: Address of the token smart contract.
- Tasks: Will let you add a diﬀerent combina5on of task to your airdrop including:
• Following on Facebook
• Following on Twiper
• Liking on Twiper
• Retwee5ng on Twiper
• Joining Discord

• Joining Telegram
• Referral system1
When the form is completed the admin can hit save and it will be sent to a super-admin for review.
The admin will also be able to track the progress of the Airdrops they have carried out, such as:

⁃

Tracking how many users have completed a speciﬁc task so far, a chart showing the progression, and of course how
many tokens have been given away per ac5on as well as the total amount of tokens given out.

⁃

See the descrip5on they provided of their project and see how many days the Airdrop has len and how many it has
been running by looking at the calendar.

⁃

The data should be provided in pseudo-real 5me meaning they can get their informa5on in real 5me as long as they
click the bupon check now.

Referral systems will work by giving each user a unique link and tracking how many users join the platform and complete a task that relates to the
airdrop where the link was originated.
1

Finally Admins should have the ability to see the history of Airdrops and a list of ac5ve airdrops such as:
Super-Admin Details:

- Super-Admins can see all of the airdrops in the system, both ac5ve and archived.
- Super-Admins will have a tab called, pending where they can view all of the airdrops that have been submiped to the
plaJorm.

- They can access their data. ﬁnally they have the ability to approve or decline airdrops into the plaJorm.
- Un5l they do so airdrops will not be displayed to the users.
- When ever an airdrop expires an bupon will appear in the dashboard called “Airdrop” which will send the tokens over to all
the necessary par5es.

- Super Admins will also have access to a tab called “Growth” this tab will contain a graph char5ng the number of registered
users. in the plaJorm. and the number of ac5ve users in the plaJorm. ac5ve deﬁned as having completed at least a task in
the last month/week/day.

8.

AXIOMS SMART CONTRACTS—REMOVING TRUST FROM AIRDROPPING

In simple words, Axioms Smart Contracts can be explained by comparing them with tradi5onal contracts. Normally, in order to
create a contract, one needs to visit a lawyer or a notary, pay them, and wait while gevng the document, which is simply a 5me
consuming and expensive opera5on but it builds trust among the transac5onal par5es.
In Airdrops, users have to rely on the ICO founding bodies or centralized Airdrop plaJorms to issue their share of free tokens
aner they have completed the required tasks. There have been various instances where users had to perform a given set of
tasks and later on they weren’t issued their earned tokens which created a bad impression among the community.
At Axioms, we use decentralised trust-less Smart Contracts, which would add the much needed trust among community and
ICO founding teams. It works just like a vending machine or an escrow, where you as a user, perform a given set of community
tasks e.g. following a twiper page and subscribing to medium account, and the autonomous Smart Contracts release the earned
number of tokens directly into your wallet. Thus, using this technology, the Axioms ecosystem not only deﬁnes the rules and
penal5es around an agreement in the same way that a tradi5onal contract does, but also automa5cally enforce those
obliga5ons.
Axioms Smart Contracts will oﬀer a way to automa5cally distribute tokens once users have successfully completed tasks
necessary to earn that par5cular tokens. Furthermore, it will pave a way to verify and order transac5ons in a distributed ledger,
keep a record of consensus that is validated and held within a network of separate nodes. Entries can be altered but not deleted
from the blockchain which is a distributed ledger based on ethereal plaJorm. All transac5ons will have an audit-able trail and a
traceable digital ﬁngerprint. The data on the ledger is pervasive and persistent, crea5ng a reliable “transac5on cloud” where
transac5on data cannot be lost.
Axioms uses Smart Contracts based technology for its transac5onal and distribu5on purposes. Furthermore, usage of Smart
Contracts in the Axioms ecosystem would also ensure that in our blockchain-based distributed ledger environment, clearing,
seplement and distribu5on of personalised or third party projects happens instantly when the condi5ons set up by the user
have been completed.

9.

AXIOMS—PROVIDING VALUE THROUGH AUTOMATION

Airdrops are a new form of marke5ng and yet s5ll a very eﬀec5ve one. So a ques5on of substan5al importance appears, how
can the developer reduce cost and labor when it comes to Airdrops as it needs planning for adjus5ng tokenomics, structuring
the Airdrop tenure, and then managing and carrying out the token distribu5on. Tradi5onal ways of marke5ng are s5ll an
expensive area of businesses and most of the 5mes, over half of the budget is being wasted. This is because, in tradi5onal
marke5ng, users are not incen5vised to be part of the ecosystem. They are at most being shown through very expensive and
intrusive ads that for a nomina5ve fee they can join it.
Airdrops, on the other hand enable the user to join the ecosystem and par5cipate for what the user would essen5ally perceive
its for free in a premium environment, this logically oﬀers a higher chance for engagement. Airdrops come with their own
drawbacks namely the amount of labour required to check the social media tasks comple5on and the distribu5on of tokens, and
reaching out to a new user base.
The purpose of Airdrops we are focused on, however, is that of increasing the social media following interac5on and user base
for which they would of course need a foreign user base. These are both issues Axioms iden5ﬁes and solves through its
plaJorm.
Axioms will be a hub for crypto users to ﬁnd Airdrops and for crypto projects, while a most friendly plaJorm for developers and
ICO founding teams to promote their ideas and try to apract users, grow communi5es into their own ecosystem by using
Airdrops.

9.1.

HOW IT WORKS?

The plaJorm, as a Dapp, aims for complete automa5on and decentralisa5on (See Road map), and therefore is required that the
plaJorm will be run as an ecosystem. The en5re development of the plaJorm will march towards this idea, of full
decentralisa5on and ecosystem growth. We have therefore implemented a couple of Smart Contracts that will govern the
incen5visa5on structure of the plaJorm.

9.2.

SOCIAL MEDIA INFLUENCER PROGRAM(SMIP)

The ﬁrst func5on will be a Social Media Inﬂuencer Program (SMIP). The SMIP will use an algorithm to determine the overall
impact every person has had throughout their history with Airdrops. If the impact is above a given threshold, which will be the
top 10% of the Axioms plaJorm user, they will be denominated Social Media inﬂuencers and on every Airdrop, they will receive
more tokens than the general popula5on exclusively because they bring more value to the plaJorm than the rest of the users.
Its important to highlight this badge is given are of charge, but its not just given to anyone.

9.2.1. THE ALGORITHM BEHIND THE SMIP
The plaJorm keeps track of everything a user does, from referring users to the plaJorm to comple5ng any Airdrops. With this
informa5on we will be able to build a formula that measure how much inﬂuence a user has over its network. This means that
the users will not need a following of several thousand followers to qualify for the Airdrop, but rather a following they are able

to eﬀec5vely inﬂuence to par5cipate in the plaJorm. There will be a minimum set of requirements to be able to par5cipate in
the program, how ever these will be ﬂuid and will be adapted to the demand of the plaJorm. The SMIP is meant to be an
exclusive & compe55ve program.
The algorithm will consistently run in the background and dynamically capture anyone who has met the public requirements to
par5cipate in the SMIP, at this point the algorithm will compute a media of the average impact of these accounts, order in
descending form and select the top 10%

9.3.

PARTNER REFERRAL PROGRAM(PRP)

The Second func5on is the Partner Referral Program (PRP). This is the contract that incen5vises people to come over and bring
valuable partners into the plaJorm. There will be a func5on that allows users to bring in partners to the plaJorm, that is, crypto
projects willing to do an Airdrop. Any given user will be able to carry out Airdrops in the name of 3rd par5es, and in return will
receive a nomina5ve AXM fee and a 5% total of the Airdrop. The Smart Contract will be very similar to the base Smart Contract
but with the AXM fee and the percentage fee apached to it. The PRP will only receive a % of the total amount Airdropped.

9.4.

OFF CHAIN AIRDROPS COLLATERAL CONTRACTS

While it is true that a big percentage of the market share is occupied by tokens in the Ethereum protocol, there is a growing
number of coins with PoS/PoW/Masternode chains that also want to par5cipate in our ecosystem. Therefore, we have designed
a collateral Smart Contract that will hold the equivalent Ethereum amount being Airdropped as a collateral. As a rule of thumb,
we will not hold user fund. This is why this contract is necessary, the user will be provided with a script to run the Airdrop in
their own blockchain, from their debug console. We will then run a script in our own database that scraps their block explorer
against the list we had for them, if we register that the transac5ons have happened, the collateral will be released to the
sending address. If not the Ethereum held as collateral will be distributed accordingly to all of the users that completed the
Airdrop as a compensa5on for their eﬀorts.

9.5.

REQUEST & BUG PROGRAM

This last [set of] contract[s] will ensure the plaJorm can survive autonomously beyond the dilu5on/removal of a core team. The
plaJorm will eventually include a market place, where users can oﬀer, as individuals or bounding as groups, AXM rewards for
comple5ng certain tasks, this can include anything from bringing in a specially requested partner into the plaJorm to
implemen5ng new capabili5es in the plaJorm and include requests to ﬁx small bugs in the plaJorm. This is a single capability
that will have diﬀerent Smart Contracts behind them.
For example: We would have to decide who has the power to actually merge the code. There would be an ini5al elec5on, which
would run every year aner it, that would create a core development group, they would be in charge of merging and deploying
new capabili5es in the plaJorm.
For example: Adding a new feature to the plaJorm, this cannot be regarded the

same way we regarded ﬁxing a small

bug. It's also important to realise that major changes to the plaJorm cannot simply be added, they have to be accepted by the
community so an easy solu5on would be to implement a simple vo5ng mechanism, which would of course cost AXM, and would
be restricted to a diﬀerent rank (depending on the severity of the feature).

In other words, we would create a marketplace to make the plaJorm self sustained by its userbase. The marketplace would be
limited to improving and collabora5ng inside the plaJorm. This interac5ons will be prepared to work mul5laterally like so:
a)

Alice can oﬀer Bob to carry out a func5on A and Bob can decline or accept

b)

Alice could publish explicitly to the general public.

c)

Bob on the other hand might want to actually implement a func5on himself and will therefore add a
contract to pay himself for it

d)

Bob might want to publish a contract against himself and wait un5l one or several people decide its a good
idea and pay him for it.

9.6.

BOTS PROTECTION AND PREVENTION

It can be argued that an automated plaJorm gives rise to bots, we will be taking the appropriate counter-automa5on steps, that
will in turn, increase the value of the network of users since they can be trusted. We will implement several check points to
check for a users’ authen5city in the lifecycle of an Airdrop: from Captchas going through KYC and proprietary methods to
measure ac5vity in terms of quality and not quan5ty. All such methods are customisable and not necessarily added to every one
of the Airdrops by default, since we understand that diﬀerent companies are looking to fulﬁl diﬀerent objec5ves.

9.7.

AIRDROP CONSENSUS

Alluding to a problem men5oned above, there will be an inherent problem to decentralise the plaJorm since we have to
introduce a governance capability to determine the quality of the Airdrops. Members of the plaJorm will have to do their own
due diligence and upvote or downvote independent Airdrops, again the people. Ability to vote will be directly 5ed to the
ranking of the user.

9.8.

RANKS AND HIERARCHY

All blockchain systems have a major strength, they can achieve consensus by relaying in untrusted par5es, which are
economically incen5vised to act truthfully. However this economic incen5ve can't exist in decentralise applica5ons, since it
already depends on the blockchain its built on. Adding another layer of abstrac5on its dangerous & complex. Therefore the
users will be required to prove they are trustworthy before they are allowed into the consensus mechanism of the Dapp. Any
user who wants to par5cipate in the ecosystem as a consensus admin, will have to ﬁrst prove that he/she is a trusted member.
We therefore have to deﬁne a trusted member. A trusted member is any member that has obtained enough experience points
to have a achieved the max rank. There will be a number of non trivial tasks, to be completed to increase you’re level. Each X
level will have responsibili5es. The responsibili5es will increase the higher up you are. All informa5on regarding the levels will of
course be at all 5mes visible, there are small incen5ves for climbing the levels and increasing you’re hierarchy. Levels usually
involve, tasks that can be automa5cally checked, and hierarchy changes will involve approval from someone from the hierarchy
you’re trying to accept.
Ranks are akin to levels and are there to help users navigate their way through the hierarchy in an entertaining way. Ranks are
denoted with numbers that appear in the top right corner of the users avatar. To increase their ranking users will have to

complete tasks, mostly around achievements and par5cipa5on within the plaJorm. most of these levels will involve a high level
of interac5on , that cant be faked by bots.
Hierarchy is your place in the Dapp chain of command. There are mul5ple levels, each with their own responsibili5es and
beneﬁts (some higher ranks may even have salaries).
All in all this solu5on is created to generate a community that is trustworthy and crea5ng a barrier for malicious actors to form
part of the ecosystem.

9.9.

PLATFORM GROWTH AND THE CHICKEN AND THE EGG PROBLEM

The value of social media lies in the size of its network. It essen5ally boils down the Metcalfe’s law, The u5lity of the network is
equal to the size of the network squared, this is to say that no maper how good the social media features are if no one is using
them they have no value.In theory the value can be calculated by assuming that every person in the network will interact with
each other. In response to this principle, most of the social medias rely on invites and relying/requiring a hypothe5cal user base
to refer the social media to their friends. This method, in theory, does work very well but they have a ﬂaw in their logic, the
referrals won't work if there is none to send those referrals out, and in comes the chicken and the egg problem. This theory
brings up a very important and recurrent ques5on when it comes to adop5on and growth: “If your value is in the size of your
network, and its the size of the network which will apract more users, how do you make your network reach op5mal size before
it can start growing on its own?”. We have applied some basic game theory concepts, gamiﬁed the plaJorm through the
implementa5on of ranks, introduce economic incen5ves, and ﬁgured out our rate of growth in rela5on to the amount of
partnerships we are able to contribute (1+g)t. This might seem trivial but its extremely important to understand that we are a
marke5ng company whose sole mission is to help bridge the gap for companies from project with poten5al, to mass adop5on,
and having ﬁgured the mechanics will greatly help the project we partner with.

ICO’s
Pays in AXM to use
Makes
plaJorm
aprac5ve
for

Refer
(PRP)

AXM Platform
Distributes tokens to the

Community

Has
Generates

Growth
Stage

Individual
Users

Apract
(SMIP)

Social
Media Influencers

10.

AXIOMS —THE ROLE OF SMART CONTRACTS AND ETHEREUM

All of the tokens to be Airdropped will be securely stored in an Ethereum Smart Contract.
- The Smart Contract will be deployed and executed by a Geth Node when ever the Airdrop bupon is - clicked.
- The Admins/SuperAdmins/Users will not have access/executable capabili5es to the Smart Contracts.
Geth node
⁃

The synced Geth Node will house a single account, the owner of the contract.

⁃

Calls will be made to it to determine the state of the contract, es5mate the gas costs and determine token
informa5on. Once the transac5ons have been generated, it will broadcast them and signal the script upon their
conﬁrma5on (or failure)

⁃
Script
⁃

The script calls the database ﬁrst, gevng the token address, list of the addresses and list of corresponding token
amounts.

⁃

It checks the data, makes calls to the contract to determine whether the token address needs to be set and does so.

⁃

It then assembles the Airdrop transac5ons, checks all the data again and sends them to the Geth Node to be
broadcasted.

⁃

Once sent, it updates the database to match this fact and wait for conﬁrma5ons.

⁃

As soon as the conﬁrma5ons are received, it updates the database & interface again.

Smart Contract
⁃

The Smart Contract will be owned by an account created in the Geth Node

⁃

The transac5ons will be formed with data from the Smart Contract and the sql database made through local web3
calls

⁃

The transac5ons made to the Smart Contract will be generated locally and broadcast through the local Geth Node

⁃

A series of Smart Contracts will be implemented for the Airdroppers to provide payment to the plaJorm in a
decentralised way, ini5ally there will be three:
⁃

One in charge of registering the receipt of ETH to pay for transac5ons.

⁃

One in charge of registering the receipt of AXM to pay for the service.

⁃

One in charge of registering the receipt of the projects tokens to pay for transac5ons.

11.

AXIOMS — CREATING AWARENESS ABOUT YOUR CRYPTOCURRENCY

With the sheer size of the cryptocurrency market, a new cryptocurrency can go completely unno5ced if it isn’t given the right
boost in terms of substan5al marke5ng campaigns. Just like every other aspect of the digital world, hype and buzz play an
important role in the cryptocurrency ecosystem. With many cryptocurrency enthusiasts looking for new cryptocurrency op5ons,
Axioms will provide you a seamless automated Airdrop for gevng people interested in your project.
We believe that marke5ng campaigns on social media for an Airdrop can lead to increased apen5on being paid to a new project.
In order to make this happen, we provide you a one stop solu5on that enables developers and project teams to directly ﬁle an
applica5on for lis5ng their Airdrops through a user friendly applica5on. ICO teams are allowed to create customised tasks such
as signing up to a newsleper, following Twiper channel etc. They are also provided with the func5onality to accurately and
precisely view community par5cipa5on and progress in real 5me. Moreover, in the long run, we are also aiming to provide inhouse Content and Copywriters who would help the ICO teams by delivering thorough content to raise awareness about the
project.

12.

AXIOMS—HELPING BUILD YOUR NETWORK

It is quite obvious that while cryptocurrencies have recorded a huge growth in the last few years, yet when we look into the
model they follow, they are only as useful as the amount of people using their ecosystem, especially when it comes to U5lity
tokens. Tokens and coins are therefore as useful as the size of their network graph.
Airdrops usually don't address this issue. Sure they provide a value proposi5on and an easy way to join the ecosystem. If a user
is interested in par5cipa5ng, however, the plaJorm focuses on expanding the network graph of the ecosystem. Not only in
terms of the outward appearance of what it looks like to increase your Twiper following by a 5 fold, but specially in how it looks
like to increase your ecosystem use. Let us work from a prac5cal example familiar to everyone - Ethereum. Ethereum has
countless followers all over the world and a market cap of $80 billion US dollars. They value proposi5on, namely Smart
Contracts is great, and many coins have tried to imitate it. But that is not where the value of Ethereum lies, it lies in the network
graph of their ecosystem and on the measurable amount of people using it. Ethereum has something you can’t fake, the
developer trac5on, and consequently the user base.
We of course can’t claim that Airdrops will make you successful. However, we can guarantee that people will have to par5cipate
ac5vely in your ecosystem in order to receive the Airdrops. This will in turn maximise the turnover rate, e.g. how many people
stay as opposed to dumping the tokens.

13.

AXIOMS TOKEN

Axioms Tokens is an ERC-20 token based cryptocurrency that allows peer to peer mode of payment, exchange and storage of
value in trust-less manner i.e. without relying on ﬁnancial ins5tu5ons such as banks or governments for deﬁning and controlling
its value.
Deployed on decentralised Ethereum blockchain based technology, Axioms token oﬀers quick, secure and eﬃcient transfer of
value with conﬁrma5on speeds up to 10 5mes faster than Bitcoin. The currency would be used for daily transac5onal ac5vi5es
happening within the Axioms ﬁnancial ecosystem, and would serve as a store and exchange of value between users in a secure,
eﬃcient manner at reduced costs.
We believe transac5ons should be fully transparent, and therefore all transac5onal ac5vi5es happening within the Axioms
ecosystem are recorded on Ethereum's distributed ledger i.e. blockchain. This technology would ensure that the Axioms
plaJorm is publicly audited and fair. It will provide transparency to sender and receiver and enable them to track their
transac5ons on the Ethereum public ledger, from the moment they make a transac5on through the moment it goes to the ﬁnal
recipient.

13.1.

FEATURES OF AXIOMS TOKEN:

Security
Based on the latest smart contract technology of Ethereum blockchain, Axioms inherits all security features provided by
Ethereum network. All transac5onal data is encrypted and resides on a decentralised network that has no chances of single
point failure or centralized apacks.
Based on the latest Smart Contract technology of Ethereum blockchain, Axioms inherits all security features provided by the
Ethereum network. All transac5onal data is encrypted and resides on a decentralised network that has no chances of single
point failure or centralised apacks.
The Axioms plaJorm will accept payment in its na5ve currency, AXM (with discounts to incen5vise its use) and at normal rates
with crypto currencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum. All the AXM which is paid to the plaJorm will be burned as soon as the
Airdrop is ﬁnalised. AXM will also be used to carry out payments for adver5sing space in the plaJorm. Its important to point out
that AXM will be a u5lity token, and should not be used for specula5ve purposes since the price is designed to stay rela5vely
stable.
Decentralised
Unlike medium accounts, there is not a single point of failure and all the transac5on ac5vi5es are open and transparent to the
whole community. Furthermore, the value is driven/controlled by community rather than centralised en55es.
Easy Transac5ons
Users can transfer Axioms to anyone, anywhere in the world in seconds, as long as the recipient is connected to the internet.
Transparency

Blockchain technology provides open access to informa5on at all 5mes, thereby, ensuring fully transparent process, accurate
data records and equal terms for everyone.
Privacy
With Axioms, users can enjoy the advantages of using a public blockchain, while s5ll being sure that their private informa5on is
protected.
Support various Wallets
Axioms supports a variety of digital Wallets e.g. MyEtherWallet, Mist, Metamask etc.

14.

ROAD MAP

Q2 2018
• Idea originated
• Ini5al research
• Team building
• PlaJorm Development started

Q3 2018
• White Paper release
• Website release
• ERC20 Token crea5on
• Community Development and PR Campaign

Q4 2018
• Airdrop distribu5on
• PlaJorm Release.
• Reddit implementa5on.
• Medium Implementa5on
• Instagram Implementa5on
• Mobile applica5ons development started

Q1 2019
• Mobile applica5on released.
• Lis5ng on crypto trading exchanges
• Reddit implementa5on
• Medium Implementa5on

• Lis5ng on crypto trading exchanges
• Partner referral program
• Ranks & levels introduc5on

Q2 2019
• windows/mac/linux na5ve apps
• Bitcointalk implementa5on
• Community consensus to validate projects
• Social Inﬂuencers program

Q3 2019
• Partner referral program
• Collateralised airdrops
• Bugs & Features market place.

Q4 2019
• Bugs & Features market place.

15.

DISCLAIMER

PLEASE READ THIS DISCLAIMER SECTION CAREFULLY. IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT OF THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU
SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX, OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S).
This document is a whitepaper sevng out the current and future developments of the Axioms PlaJorm and Axioms Ecosystem.
This paper is for informa5on purposes only and is not a statement of future intent. Unless expressly speciﬁed otherwise, the
products and innova5ons set out in this paper are currently under development and are not currently in deployment. Axioms
makes no warran5es or representa5ons as to the successful development or implementa5on of such technologies and
innova5ons, or achievement of any other ac5vi5es noted in the paper, and disclaims any warran5es implied by law or
otherwise, to the extent permiped by law. No person is en5tled to rely on the contents of this paper or any inferences drawn
from it, including in rela5on to any interac5ons with Axioms or the technologies men5oned in this paper. Axioms disclaims all
liability for any loss or damage of whatsoever kind (whether foreseeable or not) which may arise from any person ac5ng on any
informa5on and opinions rela5ng to Axioms, the Axioms PlaJorm or the Axioms Ecosystem contained in this paper or any
informa5on which is made available in connec5on with any further enquiries, notwithstanding any negligence, default or lack of
care.
The informa5on contained in this publica5on is derived from data obtained from sources believed by Axioms to be reliable and
is given in good faith, but no warran5es or guarantees, representa5ons are made by Axioms with regard to the accuracy,
completeness or suitability of the informa5on presented. It should not be relied upon, and shall not confer rights or remedies
upon, you or any of your employees, creditors, holders of securi5es or other equity holders or any other person. Any opinions
expressed reﬂect the current judgment of the authors of this paper and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Axioms. The
opinions reﬂected herein may change without no5ce and the opinions do not necessarily correspond to the opinions of Axioms.
Axioms may amend, modify or update this paper and will no5fy a reader or recipient through its social channels and
communi5es thereof in the event that any maper stated herein, or any opinion, projec5on, forecast or es5mate set forth
herein, changes or subsequently becomes inaccurate.
Axioms, its founders, directors, employees, contractors and representa5ves do not have any responsibility or liability to any
person or recipient (whether by reason of negligence, negligent misstatement or otherwise) arising from any statement, opinion
or informa5on, expressed or implied, arising out of, contained in or derived from or omission from this paper. Neither Axioms
nor its advisors has independently veriﬁed any of the informa5on, including the forecasts, prospects and projec5ons contained
in this paper.

This Whitepaper does not cons5tute a prospectus or oﬀer document of any sort and is not intended to cons5tute an oﬀer of
securi5es or a solicita5on for investment in securi5es in any jurisdic5on. This Whitepaper does not cons5tute or form part of
any opinion on any advice to sell, or any solicita5on of any oﬀer by the distributor/vendor of the Axioms (the “Distributor”) to
purchase any Axioms Tokens nor shall it or any part of it nor the fact of its presenta5on form the basis of, or be relied upon in
connec5on with, any contract or investment decision. The Distributor will be an aﬃliate of Axioms PlaJorm (“Axioms PlaJorm”),
and will deploy all proceeds of sale of the Axioms to fund Axioms PlaJorm cryptocurrency project, businesses and opera5ons.
No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in rela5on to the sale and purchase of the Axioms

and no cryptocurrency or other form of Payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper. Any agreement as between
the Distributor and you as a purchaser, and in rela5on to any sale and purchase, of Axioms (as referred to in this Whitepaper) is
to be governed by only a separate document sevng out the terms and condi5ons (the “T&Cs”) of such agreement. In the event
of any inconsistencies between the T&Cs and this Whitepaper, the former shall prevail. You are not eligible and you are not to
purchase any Axioms in the Axioms Technologies Ini5al Token Sale (as referred to in this Whitepaper) if you are a ci5zen,
resident (tax or otherwise) or green card holder of the United States of America or a ci5zen or resident of the Peoples Republic
of China.
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the informa5on set out in this Whitepaper. No such ac5on has
been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdic5on. The publica5on, distribu5on or
dissemina5on of this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied
with. There are risks and uncertain5es associated with Axioms PlaJorm and/or the Distributor and their respec5ve businesses
and opera5ons, the Axioms, the Axioms PlaJorm Ini5al Token Sale and the Axioms PlaJorm Wallet (each as referred to in this
Whitepaper).
This Whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be taken or transmiped to any country where distribu5on or
dissemina5on of this Whitepaper is prohibited or restricted. No part of this Whitepaper is to be reproduced, distributed or
disseminated without including this sec5on and the following sec5ons en5tled “Disclaimer of Liability”, “No Representa5ons
and Warran5es”, “Representa5ons and Warran5es By You”, “Cau5onary Note On Forward-Looking Statements”, “Market and
Industry Informa5on and No Consent of Other Persons”, “Terms Used”, “No Advice”, “No Further Informa5on or Update”,
“Restric5ons On Distribu5on and Dissemina5on”, “No Oﬀer of Securi5es Or Registra5on” and “Risks and Uncertain5es”.
To the maximum extent permiped by the applicable laws, regula5ons and rules, Axioms PlaJorm and/or the Distributor shall
not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequen5al or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise
(including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or proﬁts, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connec5on with any
acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you.
Axioms Trading Technologies and/or the Distributor does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any
representa5on, warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any en5ty or person, including any representa5on, warranty
or undertaking in rela5on to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the informa5on set out in this Whitepaper.
No informa5on in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal, ﬁnancial or tax
advice regarding Axioms PlaJorm, the Distributor, the Axioms, the Axioms PlaJorm Ini5al Token Sale. You should consult your
own legal, ﬁnancial, tax or other professional adviser regarding Axioms PlaJorm and/or the Distributor and their respec5ve
businesses and opera5ons, the Axioms Tokens, the Axioms PlaJorm Ini5al Token Sale. You should be aware that you may be
required to bear the ﬁnancial risk of any purchase of Axioms Tokens for an indeﬁnite period of 5me.

15.1.

RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION

The distribu5on or dissemina5on of this Whitepaper or any part thereof may be prohibited or restricted by the laws, regulatory
requirements and rules of any jurisdic5on. In the case where any restric5on applies, you are to inform yourself about, and to
observe, any restric5ons which are applicable to your possession of this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be) at

your own expense and without liability to Axioms PlaJorm and/or the Distributor. Persons to whom a copy of this Whitepaper
has been distributed or disseminated, provided
access to or who otherwise have the Whitepaper in their possession shall not circulate it to any other persons, reproduce or
otherwise distribute this Whitepaper or any informa5on contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit or cause the
same to occur.

15.2.

RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

Prospec5ve purchasers of Axioms (as referred to in this Whitepaper) should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and
uncertain5es associated with Axioms PlaJorm, the Distributor and their respec5ve businesses and opera5ons, the Axioms, all
informa5on set out in this Whitepaper and the T&Cs prior to any purchase of Axioms. If any of such risks and uncertain5es
develops into actual events, the business, ﬁnancial condi5on, results of opera5ons and prospects of Axioms PlaJorm and/or the
Distributor could be materially and adversely aﬀected. In such cases, you may lose all or part of the value of the Axioms.

