B2B Coin
B2Beyond

* B2B Coin
* B2B Wallet * free
* B2B platform
* B2B Exchange * free * afﬁliated
* B2B Faucet * free * community driven
* B2B Lottery * long term

whitepaper

B2B Coin
B2Beyond

B2B Coin
The coin was launched to support the future platform. The coin is a cryptonight
algorithm coin, low difﬁculty and mineable with CPU and ASIC resistant and
based on «Proof Of Work».
We provide 18,446,744 coins, did no pre-mine nor are we an ICO. We are not
aiming to setup another banking system, we want to stay clear from banking
intermediates and (other) delaying actors.

* Proof Of Work
* Low difﬁculty
* ASIC Resistant / CPU mineable
* No Pre-mine / No ICO
* Cryptonight Algorithm
(https://github.com/forknote/forknote)
* V3 Cryptonight coin
* 18,446,744 coins supplied (Low-Supply)

whitepaper

B2B Coin
B2Beyond
Currently we are using the latest version of Forknote and we will hard-fork the
code in a later stage of the business development. The coin will be a big part
of the B2Beyond community. The community also includes B2C and
MLM businesses.
The platform its starting price is 1000$, that is an advanced level package on the
platform (more on levels in the platform section).
That amount is distributed to the developers of the components required by the
customer. All components get a grade. The higher the grade the higher the
percentage of earnings.
The more users, developers and clients the higher the appreciation of the b2b
coin, and thus the price, will be.

whitepaper

B2B Coin
B2Beyond

B2B
B2B = Business to business is the context where factories sell to stores. It might
seem like an easy process, but as a regular in the business for a decade now, I see
the demand but no tailored solution being offered. Every company rebuilds the
same software, their own supply chain, just in a slightly different way.
We are here to offer a platform that allows factories and business to join each
other on a platform. The main idea is to build a platform that offers components
to factories to build frontend websites.
Frontend websites in B2B businesses are different then webshops, they have
very speciﬁc needs. B2B is a totally different ball game when it comes to website
creation, so we are creating a platform that will cover their needs.

B2C
B2C = Business to client is what we all know, when going to a web shop you are
using Business to Client services. They offer you a basket where you can collect
your product(s), they show you a simple overview with taxes and you can pay
with visa, PayPal and sometimes even cryptocurrencies.
So this a form of business that will automatically be covered by the B2B services,
as they are all tweakable and can be tailored to the needs of the customer.

MLM
MLM/Afﬁliate marketing = MLM, Multi Level Marketing / Afﬁliate marketing;
this needs some explaning. Most people see MultiLevel Marketing as a scam but
many of them are not.
We will advise those that are legit and will never promote any scams on our sites.
We are focusing on afﬁliate marketing, not the know scams as matrixes, hyips
(High Yield Investment Programs)

whitepaper

B2B Coin
B2Beyond

B2B Wallet
The wallet will provide a central place for storing multiple currencies.
Cryptonight coins will supported, BTC, Litecoin, Monero and many more. On
a sidenote, we will not support ICO in any fashion. The wallet will be tightly
coupled to the platform and completely decoupled from the exchange. The
wallet supports all Forknote coins, monero and others.
As for the techies among us, the wallet is written in Java and not C++ (QT) as
many other wallets are.
Source code: https://github.com/oliviersinnaeve/b2bcoin-wallet

whitepaper

B2B Coin
B2Beyond

Platform
The platform is created to enable B2B, B2C and MLM businesses to build their
front-end websites. The B2C and MLM community might already be covered;
the B2B community is only covered by expensive freelancers and full-time
developers. We are here to establish a platform that separates the development
from the design and includes the business in the development process.
Levels:
* Basic: The basic level gives you the opportunity to use the platform for free
and get to learn it. You can only host the website in production on the shared
hosts.
* Intermediate: The intermediate level gives you the ability to use more features
and able to rent other services.
* Advanced: The advanced level gives you access to all services and components
from the platform.
A high-level overview diagram:

Client:
- Browser
- Apps

Crypto
Authentiﬁcation
- Low Diff Hash
Solving

Html Hosting
- Rented or Private

Services
- Data
- Translations
- Cart
- Login
- Many More

Web Crypyography
https://en.wikipedia.org/
wiki/Web_cryptography_API

Private Services
- Hosted By The
- Business Themselves

whitepaper

B2B Coin
B2Beyond
* B2B as main currency
The B2B coin is the main currency for selling products or knowledge on the
platform. Products are components and knowledge are the code designers,
testers, test writers

* Component based
The component based enabled platform gives so much freedom. Almost
everything can be achieved by using components. The platform will get more
and more intuitive for the users, we will learn from every user's experience and
the system will adapt. Every developer in the world will be able to create
components and offer them for rent or sale. Renting comes down to monthly
fees, this could be because you host your own services. Selling a component is a
one-time price component.

* Test driven (Gherkin component)
We use the gherkin language in the test component to deﬁne what the user
interface must act like. The Given When Then method has a very simple syntax
that is readable and writeable by business people and even users.
Ex.:
o Given my bank account is in credit, and I made no withdrawals recently,
o When I attempt to withdraw an amount less than my card its limit,
o Then the withdrawal should complete without errors or warnings

whitepaper

B2B Coin
B2Beyond
* Easy data management
We handle your data management and data retrieval performance. Business
services push their data to our datacenters and we store the data in an efﬁcient
way to be handled by the client, performance is the main goal. Broker systems
will be available, but at a price, we want to avoid them for performance reasons.
Just mentioning this is not mandatory; businesses can handle their own data
services.

* Development language independent
Any service component can be written in any language as long as it produces
a rest service API, the API is described by b2beyond. Implementing the interface
is enough for the component to work.

* Designable
Developers are not always the best designers, so designing what the developer
outputs on screen as a designer is as easy as designing every component the
developers made. By designing each component separately, everything falls into
place and the designer has a good overview of what he is changing.

* Translatable (I18N)
We provide translations on component bases, meaning every component needs
to be translated on its own. This gives the selling developers the opportunity to
provide their components in multiple languages and also the buyer the ability
to translate it on his own.
* And many other features

whitepaper

B2B Coin
B2Beyond

Exchange
When it comes to ﬁnding the best bitcoin exchange things are not all that easy.
Why is this so? Simply because many of the best sites to buy bitcoin are rather
recently online. This means that they have had little to get the word out about
their services and products. Most people coming to this page will be asking how
to buy bitcoin online through a secure means. Well, here is a good starting point.
Let‚s see how. First thing to consider when looking for the top bitcoin exchange
is how safe are the website and server. This boils down to asking: is it a
trustworthy exchange providing transparent data of coins in cold storage (more
on this later) and are customers happy? It’s also good to lookout for which
currency pairs are available: are you looking to trade bitcoin for USD, Euros,
or other ﬁat currencies. The location usually gives an idea of what is on offer.
However, the largest bitcoin sites usually have many options for buying bitcoin
with government issued currency and altcoins. The sheer complexity of
researching where to trade bitcoin led us to create our own exchange. Secure
exchanges that are trustworthy and have good user ratings will rank higher than
their peers. Extra points are given for sites to buy bitcoin with paypal, as many
users request this feature. Ranking preference is also given for sites to buy
bitcoin with credit card. We will offer both off them.

whitepaper

B2B Coin
B2Beyond

Faucet
Faucets are made to make the coin more noticeable, it should be run by the
community, b2beyond will start one faucet, but the others should be run and
maintained by the community. Faucets are a means of awareness, the more
faucets and faucet hubs we have the more known the coin will get. We are
making a call to the community here.

Kr and see you soon,
Olivier Sinnaeve @ b2bcoin.xyz

whitepaper

