v1.0

bitcoin2network
brief introduction
b2n-project

“A purely peer-to-peer version of electronic cash would allow online payments to be sent directly from one party to
another without going through a financial institution.” – Satoshi Nakamoto

The above mentioned is the basic premise that every legitimate decentralized
digital currency is built on. The entire purpose of a digital currency is to remove the
need for traditional trust-based payment ecosystems where third parties reign as
the processors and benefactors of electronic payments. By eliminating third-party
processors, blockchains allow for a decentralized environment to offer “trust” in
cryptographic proofs rather than institutions. Sadly, the influx in Cryptocurrency
technology solutions has brought forth pressing issues of true decentralization,
pseudo-anonymity, consensus issues and the lack of scalability. It is with grief that
we state that the Cryptocurrency industry is also puzzled with solutions that are illfounded, money-grabs or the subject of political power plays. Thus, the list of
shortcomings on current Cryptocurrency technology solutions is long and we shall
propose our solutions to combat these deficiencies. – B2N Project

About B2N-Project
The b2n-project is an open-source collaborative effort to build a multi-tiered blockchain ecosystem that is founded
on three basic tenets: Privacy, Freedom and Equality. It is proposed by a diverse team of technically competent
individuals who are well versed in distributed ledger technologies, cryptography and economics. The team believes
the essence of true success in any open-source project is dependent upon the community that builds it. It is for this
reason that the projects successful implementation is directly correlated with the active participation and contribution
of its community.
The founding team has not depended on collecting an irrational amount of funds via an ICO or ‘token sale’ to develop
its solutions. Instead, it has delivered a robust digital currency blockchain (B2N coin) to the community by investing
their own personal funds, time and efforts. Despite these efforts, the ultimate success of this project is dependent
upon community collaboration. Active community members who contribute their invaluable time and skills will be
rewarded via B2N coin bounties. This incentive ensures that every b2n-project contributor is a vested party in the
development and growth of the project. Therefore, 5% of B2N coins have been allocated for distribution to community
participants who aid in the development and promotion of the project.
The B2N coin is neither to be considered a User Activated Soft Fork (UASF) nor a User Activated Hard Fork (UAHF) of
any coin. Instead, it enhances the already disruptive technology of CryptoNote by implementing its own variations to
the source code (e.g. CryptoNight-B2N Algorithm). The B2N coin is powered by a robust blockchain system that is
privacy-centric, self-regulating and adaptive in nature. It enables users to privately transact across the world within an
instant and rids the need for third-party validators. All network transactions are processed and validated collectively
by the B2N decentralized global community.
bitcoin2network is an open source software built upon: collaboration, privacy, freedom and equality.
For more information please visit https://bitcoin2.network

Why the name bitcoin2network ?
Bitcoin is chosen to honor Satoshi Nakamoto for
successfully implementing the first ever double-spend
proof
cross-border
peer-to-peer
decentralized
blockchain based digital money financial ecosystem

2

Some facts about B2N Coin
❖ It is an open-source decentralized blockchain ecosystem
developed by the efforts contributed by the B2N community
❖ Eliminates central control and the need for third-parties
❖ Offers low cost and instantaneous Global transactions
❖ Facilitates Untraceable and Unlinkable transactions to ensure

represents the technological enhancement b2n-

project is committed to implement upon the original
protocol and concept of blockchain technology. In
2008, when Nakamoto published his whitepaper to
introduce blockchain technology, it was the first step
towards innovation and disruption. However, over the
past decade some fundamental technical flaws of the
original Bitcoin protocol have come to light that must
be tackled for mass adoption and financial freedom.

Privacy
❖ Protects user identity by utilizing ring signature confidential
transactions and camo-addresses
❖ Uses a Dynamic Difficulty Retarget approach that adapts to
available network resources at every block which prevents
network attacks and ensures 90 second block time
❖ Follows the Egalitarian-PoW approach of CryptoNote to
provide a fair mining environment by introducing its own

Network

represents its decentralized global

community comprised of individuals and organizations
that maintain the required computer systems called
nodes- these nodes sustain the B2N blockchain by
validating transactions, communicating with one
another, and maintain its decentralized ledger.

variation of CryptoNight mining
❖ Maximum supply of 21 billion B2N coins are to be mined in
approximately 334 years
❖ Provides realistic and efficient payment solutions for real
world businesses

Future Technology Solutions
Digital Payment Gateways
Digital Payment Gateways are designed to provide ease of use for merchants and consumers. The b2n-project will continuously build
and enhance its payment solutions for businesses and consumers that utilize B2N coin as a payment method. Details on the
functionality of these gateways will be provided to the public in due time.

Mercator Program
The Mercator protocol is a one of a kind incentive-based Merchant solution program. The community at B2N realizes that merchants, or
businesses, are dependent upon technology solutions that are reliable, efficient, secure and fit well with their business model. The Mercator
protocol is designed to aid businesses in accepting B2N coin as a payment method without assuming the risks associated with market
volatility.

Mercator Clearing House (MCH)
An incentive-based program to encourage third party partnerships to implement clearing houses that facilitate conversion of B2N digital
currency to regional fiat for businesses

Helix
Helix is a technology solution that is desperately needed to aid the overall adoption of Cryptocurrencies. It is a smart digital wallet
application that will provide an intuitive interaction with multiple digital currencies without the need to utilize local storage of massive
blockchain data. With the implementation of Helix, the b2n-project will provide an ease of use for Cryptocurrency payments for every
type of user

DEX
DEX is a privacy-centric Decentralized exchange that is part of the b2n-project’s long-term vision. It will support all major
cryptocurrencies and uses B2N coin as its base digital currency (i.e. use B2N for fees)

Bizarre Bazaar
A full-featured privacy-centric digital marketplace that will allow its users to privately interact with one another to exchange digital
goods and services

Specifications

B2N Coin Allocation
Description

Per%

Amount in B2N

Minable Supply

95.00%

19,950,000,000

Social Media Bounties

0.50%

105,000,000

Merchants Bounties

1.00%

210,000,000

Promotional Bounties

0.50%

105,000,000

R&D Bounties

0.50%

105,000,000

DeX Fund

0.75%

157,500,000

Project Development

1.00%

210,000,000

•

Name: bitcoin2network

•

Ticker: B2N

•

PoW Algorithm: CryptoNight-B2N

•

Block time: 90 secs

•

Maturity of mined coins: 60 blocks

•

Difficulty Re-target: each block (approx. 90 seconds)

•

Address letter: btc2

•

P2P Port: 19636

Advisors

0.25%

52,500,000

•

RPC Port: 19635

Founders & Team

0.50%

105,000,000

Social Media and Other Links
Website:

https://bitcoin2.network

BitcoinTalk:

https://goo.gl/ehbSwf

Twitter:

https://twitter.com/bitcoin2network

Discord:

https://discord.gg/Ctfsdsb

YouTube:

https://goo.gl/k52VPt

Subreddit:

https://reddit.com/r/bitcoin2network

Facebook:

https://goo.gl/ezTZAR

CryptoTalk:

https://goo.gl/RfxWxB

Telegram:

https://t.me/bitcoin2.network

Block Explorer:

http://explorer.bitcoin2.network

