https://www.bffdoom.com

1

BFFDoom Technical Whitepaper

https://www.bffdoom.com

12-09-2017

https://www.bffdoom.com

2

Abstract

https://www.bffdoom.com

This Whitepaper was authored as a base document for “BFFDoom”, detailing the
features, functionality and research behind the new anonymous Cryptocurrency, as well
as providing insight into its usage and implementation. Our Solution is based off of the
CryptoNote code base platform, and incorporates multi-signature outputs and encrypted
ring signatures.
The BFFDoom Project is based on CryptoNote technology.
(https://cryptonote.org/)

https://www.bffdoom.com

3

Introduction – Page 4
1- BFFDoom’ Usage – Page 5
1.1- As the Base Currency of the BFFDoom App – Page 5
1.2- As Incentive for 3rd Party Miners – Page 6
1.3- As a Regular Cryptocurrency - Page 7
1.4- As a User to User Alternative for Cash – Page 8
1.5- As a Long-Term Investment Vehicle – Page 9
1.6- As a Daily Usage Currency – Page 10
2- BFFDoom’ Features – Page 11
2.1- Fungiblity – Page 11
2.2- Security – Page 13
2.3- Privacy – Page 15
2.4- Feasibility – Page 17
2.5- Sustainability – Page 19
2.6- Speed – Page 20
3- BFFDoom Technology – Page 21
3.1- Untraceable payments – Page 21
3.2- Double spending proof – Page 24
3.3- Unlinkable Transactions – Page 26
3.4- Blockchain analysis resistance – Page 29
3.5- Egalitarian proof of work – Page 31
3.6- Adaptive parameters – Page 33
Conclusion – Page 35

https://www.bffdoom.com

Table of Contents

https://www.bffdoom.com

4

Introduction
BFFDoom is a Crytpocurrency that will be developed by The BFFDoom Team
aimed at bringing numerous benefits and financial freedom to its users one its
own, and by contributing to BFFDoom by providing a stable currency for the
expansive, dynamic, and integrated network that is BFFDoom. BFFDoom is
Blockchain based, open-source Technology, and is publicly available to anyone
at any given time.
Using BFFDoom is:
With transactions occurring instantaneously, removing the need to
wait for Bank transfers to be confirmed or sent through. Payment is as
instant and final as touching a button.
• Fast:

• Safe: Apart from being a Cryptographically secured payment method on
the forefront of security, users will now no longer have to divulge any
payment information to third parties along the lines of Banking Details.

• Convenient: The use of BFFDoom will be fully user-friendly on all levels
making sending or receiving payment less of a hassle and more of a
pleasure.

Get ready to explore BFFDoom: The Cryptocurrency with a purpose

https://www.bffdoom.com

• Reliable: BFFDoom will be able to be transacted 24/7 with no exceptions,
fully reliable not only transactionally but integrally.

https://www.bffdoom.com

5

1- BFFDooms’ Usage
A Cryptocurrency gets its value from how and where it can be used. By creating
and identifying possible uses for BFFDoom we’ve ensured its value.

1.1- As the Base Currency of the BFFDoom App

All purchases and micro-purchases made from the BFFDoom App will be made
using BFFDoom, this streamlines the process and makes the currency uniform
for all features and functions of the App.

https://www.bffdoom.com

BFFDoom will be the base and encouraged currency for use within the
BFFDoom App.

https://www.bffdoom.com

6

1.2- As Incentive for 3rd Party Miners

Every aspect and feature of the BFFDoom App is Blockchain based and
therefore needs to be mined.

Miners will not only be getting well compensated for their efforts, but are also
making an active investment in themselves and the value of BFFDoom as a fast,
functional Network will ensure a steady userbase creating usage and therefore
value for BFFDoom.

https://www.bffdoom.com

BFFDoom will be used to incentivise and encourage external miners to use their
hashing power to maintain and speed up the BFFDoom Decentralized network.

https://www.bffdoom.com

7

1.3- As a Regular Cryptocurrency

BFFDoom can be used just like any Cryptocurrency, and the usage of which is
not bound to the BFFDoom app exclusively.

Take everything away and BFFDoom is an anonymous, functional, and value
orientated Cryptocurrency that should be used on every level.

https://www.bffdoom.com

Users are encouraged to use BFFDoom across multiple platforms and even
develop their own external frameworks, platforms, and applications implementing
BFFDoom. Any Users wanting to do this will receive the full support,
encouragement, and guidance of the BFFDoom team.

https://www.bffdoom.com

8

1.4- As a User to User Alternative for Cash

BFFDoom will foster the trading and exchange of Cryptocurrency for Goods and
services on a User to User level.

BFFDoom transactions will be conducted on multiple levels of use from large
corporations to small businesses, to individual users. Its the directive of the
BFFDoom Team to make sure that no area of use is neglected and BFFDoom
use is fostered on all levels of use.

https://www.bffdoom.com

Users are encouraged to shed the risks of using Fiat Currency between each
other and instead use BFFDoom as they ensure safety and value on every level.

https://www.bffdoom.com

9

1.5- As a Long-Term Investment Vehicle

Users can easily make long-term investments with large returns as BFFDoom is
anti-inflatory and gains value over time. Dynamic Block sizes scalable difficulty
and steady rewards mean that BFFDoom will be built on value, and the increase
thereof.
So whether you’re purposefully saving an investment holding of BFFDoom or not,
the price and value of BFFDoom is guaranteed to rise overtime by design
creating many a millionaire along the way, will you be one of them?

https://www.bffdoom.com

BFFDoom is the fundamental opposite of Fiat currency when it comes to the
storage of value.

https://www.bffdoom.com

10

1.6- As a Daily Usage Currency

BFFDoom were designed for use on a daily level.

The BFFDoom Wallet-Linked Debit Card makes BFFDoom payment even easier
by letting you pay with BFFDoom wherever a card payment point is available.

As the list of Businesses registered with BFFDoom grows larger over time Users
will be able to spend their BFFDoom directly at a range of Businesses and store
making BFFDoom a truly usage centric Cryptocurrency.

https://www.bffdoom.com

The infrastructure of the BFFDoom App allows for simple hassle free usage of
BFFDoom daily.

https://www.bffdoom.com

11

2- BFFDoom' Features
BFFDoom is a feature rich Cryptocurrency that can function on its own, even
without the support and infrastructure of the BFFDoom App.

Fungibility is a property that can be defined as “Inter-changable Value” for
example a dollar is interchangeable with another dollar and therefore is
fungible.
Bitcoin and other Cryptocurrencies that have transparent Blockchains however
are not fungible. This is due to the fact that any Coin with enough effort can be

https://www.bffdoom.com

2.1- Fungibilty

https://www.bffdoom.com

12

traced back to it’s origin and in fact there are many agencies and organizations
that primarily do exactly that.
Bitcoins are often blacklisted by certain organizations and not accepted as
payment due to their previous use in illicit activities among other reasons. But if
you aren’t engaging in illicit activities there’s no need to worry right?
Wrong, any coins you receive could have been used in illicit activities further
down the Blockchain potentially creating complications for you.

Imagine you’re at the grocery store and the clerk tells you that you can’t pay for
your groceries using your $100 Bill because it was used to buy drugs 3 years
ago, doesn’t seem reasonable does it?
That’s why it has been concluded that any Cryptocurrency with a transparent
Blockchain is not fully fungible, due to the long history attached to every coin,
one Bitcoin simply does not equal another.

https://www.bffdoom.com

We’ve ensured that all BFFDoom are totally fungible and free of any influencing
factors that could lead to any form of “Blocking”, “Flagging”, or otherwise denial
of use.

https://www.bffdoom.com

13

Security has been a hot topic of discussion when it comes to Cryptocurrencies
for a long time. The security of many Cryptocurrencies is being called into
question due to the inherent dangers of the online world such as hacking attacks
and data breaches.
The BFFDoom team has put our minds together and formed a security policy to
prevent, deter, and eliminate the threat of external malicious attacks on our
system.

https://www.bffdoom.com

2.2- Security

https://www.bffdoom.com

14

We’re all about dynamic security, there’s no such thing as a 100% impenetrable
system however we’re doing our best to come awfully close with planned regular
security updates and enhanced security measures.

https://www.bffdoom.com

Cryptocurrencies as a whole are on the forefront of online security and
encryption. Cryptography is quite literally the study of secure communication
and encryption. When it comes to the safety and security of our users we take no
short cuts, keeping our user’s private information private is one of our top
priorities, and we’ve got the technology to make this possible.

https://www.bffdoom.com

15

2.3- Privacy

Privacy is without a doubt one of the most important features of any
Cryptocurrency.

We touched on earlier how transparent Blockchains detract from the fungible
value of a coin, but they also pose a serious privacy risk too.
Using a pseudonym to conduct Bitcoin transactions is much like wearing a
balaclava in public, while you might be hiding your identity in the short term,
anyone following you and seeing what stores you go to, who pays you money,
and who you give money to will soon be able to piece together who exactly you
are.
The only difference here is that using Bitcoin all this information is public and
accessible at any time online, no one has to actually follow you around.

https://www.bffdoom.com

Bitcoin and other Cryptocurrencies with transparent Blockchains are generally
perceived to be anonymous when in actual fact they are pseudo-anonymous.

https://www.bffdoom.com

16

https://www.bffdoom.com

When you use BFFDoom, dynamic ring signatures and our analysis resistant
Blockchain render you 100% anonymous allowing you to immerse yourself in
complete privacy, and you can breathe easy knowing that while conducting
your business, your information is inaccessible to prying eyes.

https://www.bffdoom.com

17

2.4- Feasibility

One of the core elements incorporated in designing BFFDoom was feasibility and
overall practical use.

The BFFDoom App is a cornucopia of feasible features and usage for BFFDoom
and as such will create a steady userbase that will guarantee the value of
BFFDoom

To make this possible we’ve made sure that using BFFDoom makes not only
practical sense, but Financial sense as well. It’s well known that Mining is the
most profitable Cryptocurrency activity, however for many pseudo-annoymous
coins this is fast becoming untrue.

https://www.bffdoom.com

We want BFFDoom to be a beacon of success in the Cryptocurrency world and
we’re of the belief that all our users, big and small, are entitled to a share in the
prosperity.

https://www.bffdoom.com

18

https://www.bffdoom.com

However mining BFFDoom is not only easy, affordable, and fair due to our
egalitarian proof of work algorithm. But it’s also private, when you mine
BFFDoom you are truly mining a Cryptocurrency in every sense of the word, your
identity and how much you mine are kept totally enigmatic from start to finish.

https://www.bffdoom.com

19

2.5- Sustainability

“Slow and steady wins the race” The tortoise said to the hare. BFFDoom hasn’t
strayed far from this ancient proverb.

There can be no shortcuts to getting BFFDoom to the level we ultimately desire.
That’s why BFFDoom and the BFFDoom App were designed for the long run,
incorporating measures to make sure that both can withstand the test of time,
and build a large user base with a dynamic network that’s always adapting along
with it’s users.

https://www.bffdoom.com

While BFFDoom are all about profit we also keep the concept of sustainability
close to heart.

https://www.bffdoom.com

20

2.6- Speed

Speed is an often touched on point by many Cryptocurrencies, and rightfully so,
having a fast network works wonders, especially in the complex world of
Cryptocurrency.

The inclusion of External miners into the BFFDoom Network will provide a
massive boost in speed and functionality for both BFFDoom and BFFDoom.
We’re constantly devising new ways to save our users even more time and add
to the convenience factor of our currency. Nothing is more frustrating than
waiting hours for a Transaction to be processed or a function to work.
To us, speed isn’t a luxury, it’s a necessity. After all, Time is money!

https://www.bffdoom.com

Our team has devoted a good portion of our time to make sure that our Network
is as fast as possible. From transaction speed to Wallet syncing we’ve optimized
every angle to get it running as fast as it should, and it’s an ongoing process!

https://www.bffdoom.com

21

3- BFFDooms' Technology
BFFDoom incorporate CryptoNote Technology which is Ground-Breaking in the
Field of Cryptocurrencies and provides a unique set of features and benefits
other Cryptocurrencies simply don’t have.

Generic Cryptocurrency verification processes include using the public key of the
transaction signer, this is needed because it proves that the signer is in
possession of the private key that matches his public key. However this generic
verification process creates a large security gap.
BFFDoom employ Ring Signature technology. The Ring signature verification
method makes use of multiple different public keys during one verification in a
group of people, still each with their own public and private keys.
The main difference here being that looking from an external perspective it's
impossible to determine who within the group is actually requesting the
transaction.

https://www.bffdoom.com

3.1- Untraceable payments

https://www.bffdoom.com

22

• A- Transaction creators are eligible to spend the correct amount
• B- Transaction creators' identities are indistinguishable from the other
users' public keys used to make the Ring signature.
Ring signatures combine functionality with privacy seamlessly.

https://www.bffdoom.com

Using this concept to send BFFDoom transactions ensures users that:

It's worth mentioning that even though your public key will appear in many
Ring signatures that you didn't request hiding other users' identity, it will in no
way affect you, or your ability to Send/Receive BFFDoom.

23

https://www.bffdoom.com

https://www.bffdoom.com

https://www.bffdoom.com

24

3.2- Double spending proof
100% Anonymous Ring signatures would let users spend the same funds over
and over again without consequence, logically this can't work with any financial
system.
BFFDoom fixes this problem by employing a modified traceable ring signature
system with a built in feature to restrict Double-spend attacks that are common in
other Cryptocurrencies.

https://www.bffdoom.com

If a malicious user attempts to create more than one ring signature using the
same private key, even if the public keys used are different, the signatures are
then linked by the system and flagged as a double spending attempt.

https://www.bffdoom.com

25

To do this we use "Key images", these are one-way cryptographic imprints of
private key. No two Key images are going to be the same, exactly like no two
private keys are going to be the same.

All BFFDoom users will have installed on their wallets an updated list of all
currently used Key images, when you compare the file size to Bitcoin which
requires you to download the entire Blockchain (Full record of all transactions),
you'll find the Key image database size is much smaller and more convenient.
Using Key images is our way of preventing Double-spending, while also
keeping our Users' identity safe. If you make committing the crime impossible
you won't have to punish anyone.

https://www.bffdoom.com

While key images stand as a measure to prevent double spending, they don't let
anyone discover the private key they belong to.

https://www.bffdoom.com

26

3.3- Unlinkable Transactions

https://www.bffdoom.com

When using most Cryptocurrencies, any time you make use of your public
address anyone can conduct blockchain analysis to determine your wallet
balance by comparing data from your transactions. Even when you're protected
by Ring signatures your incoming transactions can still be analysed. One can
attempt to solve this problem by creating a new public address over and over
again with every new transaction, but doing this would soon develop into a chore
detracting severely from your convenience factor.

https://www.bffdoom.com

27

https://www.bffdoom.com

Our solution for our currency is to implement a system in which we
automatically creates multiple one-time transaction keys derived from your
public key for every transaction you conduct. This is possible by modifying the
Diffie-Hellman exchange protocol which originally allows two users to produce a
mutual secret key which is a derivative from their public keys. We use the
receivers public key and random data generated by the sender to generate a
unique one-use key to verify the payment.

https://www.bffdoom.com

28

https://www.bffdoom.com

Senders can only generate the public part of their keys, while receivers can only
read the private part. Therefore third-parties can't possibly analyse transactions
as they are a strictly peer-to peer in the truest sense of the term.

https://www.bffdoom.com

29

3.4- Blockchain analysis resistance
It's possible for anyone, with enough time and resources on their hands, to fully
trace any Bitcoin all the way back to when it was mined, finding out the exact
path it went along the way, often leading people to conclude who owns what,
who sent what, and sometimes who people are.
This is attributed to Bitcoin's transparent blockchain, due to it's nature, every
transaction has unique variables that are all traceable.

What makes tracing these transactions even easier is users reusing the same
addresses multiple times (Even though Satoshi recommended using a different
wallet address for each transaction, not that it actually helps much.)

By their very nature Ring signatures are anti-analytical, depending on the size
of the signature, the analyst could be trying to determine the original sender in a
group of anywhere from 2-1000 people, with every new transaction added to the
list making tracking coin paths an increasing impossibility.

https://www.bffdoom.com

The BFFDoom team makes a much different approach, our system is designed
to eliminate the risks involved with key re-usage, and traceable variables. We
learned earlier that Ring signatures are derived from a mixture of sender and
receiver data, by doing this we provide an anonymous, private, secure platform
for our users.

30

https://www.bffdoom.com

https://www.bffdoom.com

https://www.bffdoom.com

31

3.5- Egalitarian proof of work

A Key part of the democratic system is each vote holding the same power.
That's why we made sure that all users have equal voting rights.

https://www.bffdoom.com

BFFDoom’ proof of work system is a true rendition of Satoshi's famous phrase
"One CPU - One Vote" Our users have the right to vote on New features,
transaction order, and supply distribution.

https://www.bffdoom.com

32

We employ an Egalitarian proof of work function that is perfectly suited for a
multitude of devices.
Our scripts are designed to be complex and lightweight, perfect for a CPU to
process, but way too difficult and expensive for advanced mining hardware like
ASIC cards and dedicated mining hardware.
Our function depends on a slow stream of memory with an emphasis on latency
dependence, every 64 byte long block directly depends on all previous blocks.
The resulting effect is an exponential increase in calculation speed.
The algorithm requires only approximately 2 MB per instance, this is because it
fits perfectly into the L3 cache present in every core of modern processors,
which have been in circulation for many years.

https://www.bffdoom.com

Also a megabyte of internal memory usage will render any ASIC card
impractical for use. GPUs and ASICs can run hundreds of instances in parallel
but are limited by GDDR5 memory which is infinity slower than an Average
CPU's L3 cache.

https://www.bffdoom.com

33

3.6- Adaptive parameters
The BFFDoom team believes that for a currency to be viable, it must not depend
on a single person, or a small group of peoples' decision (Someone tell the fiat
currencies!).
Bulky Hard-coded constants and magic numbers present in the code of most
Cryptocurrencies act as an inhibiting factor for their growth, stability, and
overall functionality.

Almost every crucial limit from Block size to Block Reward is fully adaptive
and reactive. Each BFFDoom Block recalculates difficulty using an algorithm that
adds the sum of the work done in the previous 720 blocks and divides it by the

https://www.bffdoom.com

Our solution is to incorporate dynamic, auto-recalculating variables in place of
these constants to provide a platform for a currency that improves alongside it's
users.

https://www.bffdoom.com

34

amount of time used to solve them, while cutting off 20% of the outliers in the
data set.

https://www.bffdoom.com

As for our Block size, we employ an algorithm that prevents a bloated
inconsistent blockchain, but yet still doesn't apply a "Hard Limit" onto blocks,
allowing for steady growth of blocksize overtime as the network grows and needs
to meet the demands of more users.

https://www.bffdoom.com

35

Conclusion:
While many Cryptocurrencies exist on the market today, BFFDoom will stand out
as a unique blend of feature and framework incorporating advanced CryptoNote
Technology and being anchored by the expansive and dynamic BFFDoom App.
Looking over BFFDoom as a whole it’s plain to see that we’re equipped for
success.
We’ve got the technology, human resources, and motive to mould the BFFDoom
into a Cryptocurrency to rival all others.
• We’ve

taken a brief look into BFFDoom’ usability, how BFFDoom can and
will be used across a multitude of platforms and for a plethora of different
reasons.
explored the base features of BFFDoom and the beliefs that hold it
together at it’s core and sets BFFDoom apart from the rest of the pack.
• And we’ve had an overview of the Technology that allows BFFDoom to
deliver on all its features and functionalities.
By now I’m sure you agree that BFFDoom and BFFDoom together make a
genuine recipe for success, in fact we’ve already started Cooking!

https://www.bffdoom.com

• We’ve

https://www.bffdoom.com

36

https://www.bffdoom.com

Special thanks to the CryptoNote team for making their technology open-source
and adaptable to our BFFDoom’ needs. We hope that you continue to grow and
prosper.

