Billionaire Token: The first super-deflationary, gambling and gaming coin

Whitepaper v1.4 (20-Dec-2019)

By the Billionaire Token team
Because money really is everything

We are the Billionaire Token team and we want to bring something new to the crypto-gaming and
gambling industry. We have managed to innovate a deflationary model for a coin with low supply on top
of which there are games, fun games.

Table of contents

I. The project
- Billionaire Token in brief

II. The core of the deflationary mechanism
- The Become a Billionaire Raffle
- The decentralized Burner

III. More Decentralized games on the blockchain

- Billionaire Cee-lo Dice – a decentralized Dice game.
- Billionaire Hold’em – a decentralized Poker platform.

IV. Detailed Issuance Description
- Key dates and Information

V. Roadmap

- A short history of Billionaire Token

VI. Disclaimer

I.

The project
Billionaire Token in brief

Welcome to the Billionaire's Club, reader! This is a non-elitist but exclusive club where you will
be rewarded with the thrills and chills of gambling and with the safety and assurance that blockchain
cryptographic technology brings to the table: accountability, traceability and security.
The Coin, Billionaire Token (or XBL in short) is an EOSio Token and is made available over the
EOS Main Net blockchain and offers its users the opportunity to enjoy themselves with a variety of
unique games - All the while encompassing a deflationary algorithm that will ensure the token supply
will always be diminishing.
This is not just another one of those coins that can be mined forever.

Games and gambling
Billionaire Tokens are needed to play the Billionaire Token Games. They are the only allowable ingame-currency. Other coins or tokens offer gaming and gambling and similar things, but Billionaire
Token has gambling in its blood. The very essence of this token is gambling. From the distribution model
to the deflationary algorithm, everything is a gamble! Who knows where this fun deflationary
experiment will take us?

•

Deflationary Model (the constant burning of coins):
Many coins and tokens in the crypto world try to attract users by supplying to them a
near infinite amount of coins and thus creating an inflationary economic model.
A mining algorithm may be good in the beginning of a coin’s life, because users have an
incentive to mine the coin and get involved in the project. Coins with mining algorithms
incentivize community growth at the beginning, but ultimately start to fail as the maximum
supply is closer and the mining rates go down. Inflation also makes the value of each coin be
diluted with time – unless demand is continually increasing. This happens almost every time,
except for a few rare and valuable projects.
It’s very important to note here that, when referring to mining, we are not talking about
Blockchains where the act of mining or producing is absolutely necessary for securing the
network and processing transactions – Blockchains such as Bitcoin, Ethereum or the EOS Main
Net can be given as examples here. We are merely talking about applications that run on top of
these Blockchains, where mining isn’t a necessity. In fact, the way we see it - it’s a disadvantage.

We wanted to do something different. Billionaire Token breaks up with the mainstream
way of thinking and incorporates an ever-shrinking supply model, where the amount of available
coins is always diminishing. There are rewards for people that burn their own coins that are
issued in the present by a decentralized Burner Smart Contract. Another Smart Contract, the
Become a Billionaire Raffle will ultimately burn 30% of the tokens sent to it. Both of these games
are available right now, on our website, together with a custom-made graphical interface that
we know you will love. Head over to https://BillionaireToken.com/Raffle right now to play!
Another great thing about the Billionaire Token Raffle and Burner is that these games,
unlike many other EOS gambling games, are fully decentralized. We do not have a house. We do
not do any sort of seed generation or host any game engine on our servers like many other
projects do. The games can be played even if our website goes off-line. They will be playable
even in the off chance that the Billionaire Token Team (the ones behind everything) go out of
business.
And because we do not host anything on our servers, it’s also impossible for us or any of
our games to “get hacked”.

•

Supply:
This is not a coin with the number in the billions, even if it is called Billionaire Token.
We have a very limited number of coins. There will never be more than the initial supply
of Billionaire Tokens in circulation and this is bound to decrease as more and more tokens get
burned.
The minimum supply allowable that is hardcoded in the Token Smart contract is set to
128,000 XBL Tokens. This is the point where the deflationary mechanism will stop. However,
there is a long way to go from just over 4,800,000 coins down to 128,000.

II.

The core of the deflationary mechanism
The Become a Billionaire Raffle

The Become a Billionaire decentralized Raffle will initially be the basis of the deflationary
mechanism for Billionaire Token. Users can send as many XBL as they want to an EOS Smart Contract
address. You can think of one XBL sent as one ticket registered for the Raffle. Having more tickets means
you have a better chance to win. Your chance to be #1 is calculated and displayed inside the game
menu.
The Billionaire Token Raffle consists of two stages of equal time length. In the first stage of the
game, users can buy tickets and must submit their game password. This game password is used to
generate a hash. All these hashes are stored inside the smart contract table.
In the second stage of the game, nobody can buy tickets anymore and everyone will have to resubmit their chosen password to prove that their hash was legitimate. Whoever fails to submit their
password in the second stage is automatically disqualified and their registered XBL will be split amongst
the winners and their hash will be discarded – hence it is very important that you participate in stage
two if you have registered tickets in the first stage.
Stage two of the Raffle will end whenever the countdown timer reaches zero. If at least four
players have revealed their passwords before the timer expired, then the rewards will be calculated and
sent out to the top three players. First place gets 40% of the whole pot. Second place gets 20% and third
place gets 10% - that’s it. Everyone else loses. The three lucky winners will first get back whatever they
sent during that round and only after that, will the XBL that remains in the Raffle be used to calculate
the rewards.
If there have been less than four players who revealed their passwords in Stage two and the
countdown timer reaches zero, then all the players get a refund and a new Raffle round will start.
This “two stage” approach is the only way that we can have a truly decentralized Raffle that is
not reliant on any central entity (i.e. we do not need to host additional game servers that can be
vulnerable to attacks from malicious parties)
During Stage One, if a user registers more than once, they will be asked to submit their
password each time they register. Only the last password that they submitted will be valid in stage two.
After the winners are rewarded for their boldness, from the remaining 30% of the tokens: 10%
are burned instantly – as an offering to the market gods. The other 20% are sent to The Billionaire Token
Burner, another Smart Contract that works like a twisted faucet – rewarding people for burning their
own coins.

The Decentralized Burner

Another key ingredient to the deflationary mechanism that is embedded into Billionaire Token is
the Decentralized Burner Smart Contract. The Burner receives 20% of the tokens that are sent to the
Become a Billionaire Raffle.
Only users that participated in the previous Raffle round are able to register coins to be
destroyed by the Burner. After registering, they will receive their coins back plus a little bonus –
currently set at 5% – provided that the Burner has enough. Users will not be able to burn more tokens
than whatever they have previously sent to the Raffle.
The Burner will reward winners and losers alike and it is obvious that players will have to be quick if
they want to get the Burner rewards. The fastest hand wins in this case. A handful of quick gamblers will
be able to deplete the burner supply every round and get a 5% bonus on their gambled tokens – a
consolation for the losers and yet another prize for the winners.

III. More decentralized games on the blockchain
Billionaire Cee-lo Dice

Originated on the streets and played by millions worldwide, Cee-lo is one of the most
entertaining and quickest of the dice games and we are bringing it to the blockchain. You will be able to
play it from the comfort and safety of your own home.
The rules of the game are very simple – it’s a player vs player game, it is played with three dice and
it’s a winner takes all type of endeavour.
•
•
•
•

Rolling a 4-5-6 sequence will mean an instant WIN
Rolling a 1-2-3 sequence will mean an instant LOSS
Trips - Any three of a kind 3-3-3 or 5-5-5 the higher one WINS
Points - Single die point 2-2-6 or 5-5-1 the doubles do not count so the higher die WINS
All other dice combinations do not matter.

Everything will be handled by Smart Contracts, players can fully trust the system, every Cee-lo
match is fully auditable and Billionaire Tokens are the only allowable in-game currency. Together with a
fast and easy to use interface that can be fired up by the click of a button - we believe we have the
perfect recipe for the most relaxing Friday-night activity.

Billionaire Hold’em

If what you really want from life is to call your opponent’s bluff at a poker game and then to go
all in and win – don’t worry - we have your back covered. We can offer you all the perks of a great poker
experience: many tables, high and low stakes with players from all over the world that will want to take
their chances at winning the Grand Tournament. And best of all, it’s the well-known and popular Texas
Hold'em variant.
As nowadays Online Poker is highly available worldwide, there are countless centralized
platforms that invite players to join the tables and test their skills. However, all of these platforms lack
one key aspect that is of high importance for both professional and casual players: Trust
Blockchain technology is based on trust and will revolutionize the world of poker as it can offer
advantages far superior to any centralized platform:
•
•
•
•

No cash deposits – hence no bank fees, players use Billionaire tokens from their
wallets/accounts
Anonymity and stealth – no bank receipts, no written proof regarding the amount of money
played by an individual
Hands-on winning - the tokens that you win are instantly withdrawn into the player’s wallet no
matter whether it is one Billionaire Token or 4,800,000.
Transparency – because the game is built on the blockchain, it is auditable and provably fair

You will need to have some coins on your EOS account. Afterwards you can either download the
Billionaire Token poker client, connect to the website, or use any of the different platforms that will
offer the game to you. Once you are connected and properly registered with the game, you must send
your tokens to the appropriate Smart Contract for the game. All of this will be done automatically by the
application, of course, so you don’t need to worry about the technicalities.
Once the players are gathered around the table, (this is shown in the game interface through their
chosen names / aliases and avatars) the game starts and you can play using your Billionaire Tokens.

IV. Detailed Issuance Description
Key dates and Information

The token, the premine and the distribution
At the beginning there were 3,333,333 tokens created on the Ethereum Network. The current
circulating supply before the EOS Main Net swap was 3,315,310, as there had been 18,023 tokens
already burned.
Out of the 3,333,333 tokens, we had reserved 8.5% (283,333.305 XBL) not to be up for sale. This
amount was divided in two halves for different purposes:
•

50% of the amount went to the developers, those mysterious people that work in the shadows,
illuminated only by the glare from their screens while they bang a keyboard with one hand, and
eat chips with the other, as they spend the nights coding and testing the Billionaire Token
software.

•

The other 50% can be found in the Bounty Account Address and is reserved for the bounty
rewards and for paying the minions that work in our lair.

The Bounty Campaign was available for a limited time and it ended on 27-August-2017. For more
information, consult the now inactive Bounty Thread on bitcointalk.com:
Bounty thread: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2067236
Bounty account address: 0x23EA016b4EBA78dFC374E99b2F6793f8d2dB3ff1

On the EOS Network, the current circulating supply is initially set to 4,881,075. This number
represents the Ethereum circulating XBL supply (3,315,310) with an extra 5% added, plus the Airgrab
Supply (1,100,000), plus the Exchange fund supply (300,000); these amounts are described in further
detail below.
On the 15th of June the swap process ended and the un-swapped XBL supply (1,600,252.8000)
was designated to be burned, forever reduced out of the maximum supply.

Exchange Fund Supply
300,000 XBL have been created and will be used to pay exchanges for listings fees and
promotional fees. Out of these, 50,000 XBL have already been given to the Chaince exchange, which
they vouched to use for trading contests and other promotional activities.

Airgrab Supply
1,100,000 XBL have been created for the EOS Airgrab with the event of our EOS Main Net
migration. From the remaining ungrabbed tokens, 80% will be reserved for the “Stake while you can”
feature. This will allow users to stake (lock) their XBL tokens in order to get access to staking rewards.
Staking Rewards: Every day, users will be able to claim their share of the newly staked XBL tokens. The
more XBL you stake, the higher your daily rewards will be. A period of three days will be necessary to
unstake the coins.
The rest of the 20% will be given out as stake rewards on https://stakemine.io - a next
generation initial bandwidth offering (IBO) platform.

V.

Roadmap

1). Whitepaper Release
The first part of the roadmap was officially achieved with the release of version 1.0 of the
Whitepaper (we are currently at version 1.4)

2). Token Sale & Exchange Listing
The Token Sale sold out three days before the scheduled end and we have been listed on
Cryptopia and Coinexchange since then so far.
After our move to the EOS Main Net we were informed that Cryptopia and Coinexchange alike
will not support our Coin Swap so we have since listed in Chaince and Newdex.

3). Raffle and Burner go on-line
Shortly after the Token Sale we have deployed the Become a Billionaire decentralized raffle
Smart Contract and the Burner on the Ethereum Network. The Ethereum version of the game is now
obsolete. The newer EOSio version of the Billionaire Token Raffle and Burner is up and running on the
EOS Main NET and is available to play at https://BillionaireToken.com/Raffle .

4). Coin Swap to the EOS Main Net
The coin swap to the EOS Main NET started on the 15th of January 2019 when the Swap
Ethereum Smart Contract was deployed at address 0x9Bff6E926A6EEe7E35EeFf25568D449e8d40D419.
Users were able to freeze their ERC-20 XBL tokens and assign an EOS account name to their
assets with the help of this smart contract. The whole process was made simple by having an easy-touse web interface on our website, where users could easily swap their coins with the help of the
Metamask browser extension.
The Billionaire Token (XBL) EOS Currency contract was deployed on the 5th of February on the
EOS Main NET to the account BillionaireT.
The Coin Swap ended on the 15th of June 2019.

5). Cee-Lo Dice game goes on-line
An upcoming game, the Billionaire Cee-Lo Dice will be a player vs player game where part of the
tokens will be burned.

6). Billionaire Hold’em alpha version
Another upcoming game, the Billionaire Texas Hold’em is the classic poker that you’ve come to
know and love.

VI. A short history of Billionaire Token

Beyond Ethereum: The move to EOS

Initially, like most programmers, we were incredibly excited to start developing applications
running on Ethereum.
Shortly after deploying the Raffle and Burner Smart Contracts on the Ethereum Main Network,
we quickly started to realize that things weren't working out as expected. People were paying anywhere
from $5 to $30 in Ethereum fees, just to register tickets. These tickets, most of the time, were worth
considerably less than the fees. We were also disappointed to find out that the Ethereum Network is
extremely limited in terms of how many computations one Decentralized Application (DAPP) can make
in a single transaction before running out of gas – in other words, Ethereum DAPPS are very, very slow.
Costly and slow is not a good combination when you’re trying to make a high-performance,
high-traffic, fully decentralized casino like Billionaire Token.
Investigating further it appears that Ethereum won’t scale any time soon and that, if we wanted
to continue with our roadmap we would have to move to another faster blockchain, preferably with no
fees.
After careful consideration we have reached the conclusion that EOS has the only blockchain
that will be able to support the needs of the massive intended user-base (and traffic) of the Billionaire
Token games.
EOS Decentralized Applications can run thousands of times faster than Ethereum ones, and on
top of this, there are no fees.

VII. Disclaimer

Billionaire Tokens are not securities and should not be considered an investment. Billionaire Tokens have no rights,
uses, purpose, attributes, functionalities or features, express or implied, including, without limitation, any uses,
purpose, attributes, functionalities or features outside of the proprietary software "Become a Billionaire" Raffle and
Burner.
Even though Billionaire Tokens are intended to be used as in-game tokens for the "Become a Billionaire” Raffle and
Burner, you should still be aware of your own countries’ laws regarding futures and securities, even though we
clearly do not intend Billionaire Tokens (XBL) to be used/sold/marketed as securities or futures, bonds, stocks etc.,
we can’t possibly know every countries internal regulation and as such, buyers are responsible for their own
countries’ laws regarding futures and securities.

Copyright © 2017-2020 Billionaire Token. All Rights Reserved

