I Summary
BiNGO is the world’s first pan-entertainment platform to use blockchain as a core technology. It
applies decentralization principles to heavy user aggregation and gameplayer communications,
creating a new generation of entertainment platforms.
The platform is supported and developed by industry leaders such as Mob Arts Entertainment, in
collaboration with Qtum, who aim to build a decentralized app store for global content creators
and consumers.
A concomitant BiNGO Foundation will be established to oversee the implementation of a wide
range of features for the multi-functional entertainment platform. These include:
Dynamic payment systems that support leading cryptocurrencies, including our own native 777
BiNGO token
BiNGO wallet for cross-platform utility of tokens
Social networking
Customer management system
Gaming
Advertising and content monetization
Decentralized data analysis system
Fairness verification modules that are publicly accessible on the blockchain

BiNGO consists of an all-star team of experts, including Patrick Dai – Co-Founder of Qtum; Dr.
Ma Zhao – Post-Doctorate from the University of Tsinghua, IEEE Member, ACM Member, and
leader of a world renowned blockchain technology team in Beijing, China.
The Platform's technology consultant, Mob Arts Entertainment, has a long and accomplished
history as an app developer and publisher, with many active users, a great yearly revenue, and
investment by Chinese technology giant Tencent.
Most recently, Tencent has been authorized to publish one of their flagship products, the
massively successful House of Heroes with more than 50 million downloads.
The Company is now in collaboration with Qtum to launch Qtum Heroes, the first cryptocurrency
game with true gameplay.
1.1 What Will BiNGO Do?
As an existing, highly awarded company, Mob Arts is committed to delivering a robust Roadmap
aimed at mass adoption. This will include not only the development of BiNGO as a decentralised
pan entertainment platform, but the creation of world-class games to run on top of the platform,
thus guaranteeing early adoption and utility.
1.1.1 Publish Qtum Heroes – World's First Blockchain Game with Interactive Gameplay
Jointly published by BiNGO, Qtum, and award-winning game company Mob Arts, Qtum Heroes is
the world's first blockchain game with interactive gameplay including collection, simulation,
multiplayer arena and player versus player, and more.

Limited games such as CryptoKitties have already become hugely popular, and Qtum Heroes
intends to build on that by offering a rich gaming experience. QTUM Heroes is not just about
collectibles. The game is focused on dynamic interactions. Every player has the chance to choose
a hero and prove their value in one of several online arenas where, after paying an entry fee, they
will be able to fight against other heroes. The 8-Hero Melee Battle, for example, will let users
fight for a championship trophy that will increase the value of the winning hero. Victors will also
receive a reward in cryptocurrency.

1.1.2 Publish Doom of Aliens –
Payments

World's First Strategy Game Supporting Cryptocurrency

Doom of Aliens has been researched and developed by BiNGO's technical partner Mob Arts for
two years. The first-of-a-kind game will natively support mainstream cryptocurrency payments
in-game and provides integrated SDK gateways for developers on the platform. Doom of Aliens
was featured by Google Play on March 2018.

1.1.3 Launch BiNGO — World's First Blockchain Pan-entertainment Game Platform
BiNGO will be published as a multilingual game platform in which smart contracts will be used to
guarantee fairness in the game.

1.1.4 Develop a User Registration Management System, Platform Community, and a Tipping and
Reward System
The BiNGO platform will strive to foster communities by encouraging discussions and
recommendations that grow the BiNGO ecosystem and create word-of-mouth marketing. This
will also incorporate a tipping and reward system.

1.1.5 BiNGO Wallet
The BiNGO wallet will be launched in order to solve the current lack of in-game spending options
for holders of cryptocurrencies. By supporting the native 777 BiNGO token in addition to all
major mainstream cryptocurrencies, BiNGO will allow the vast majority of crypto holders to
participate on the platform.

1.1.6 Integrated Smart Contract Translator

A protocol that enables a single set of code to interact with different smart contract platforms.
1.1.7 Internal Traffic Purchase

The ability to crystallize purchases within the platform's internal traffic while meeting necessary
requirements for both developers and publishers.
1.1.8 Launch of BiNGO Foundation and Ecosystem

Previously, gaming platforms have solely been a means of social interaction. BiNGO plans to
change that by taking advantage of changes in users' gaming habits and updated devices. In
essence, the BiNGO Ecosystem will become a means for players to interact socially as well as
transact assets between one another.
Meanwhile, the BiNGO Foundation will be launched with a primary focus on investing in
blockchain games to run on the BiNGO Platform. By creating a richer gaming ecosystem we will
provide users with more high-quality content in which to spend their cryptocurrencies.
II Analysis of Global Gaming Industry
2.1 Background
The success of the BiNGO pan entertainment platform is in large part predicated on sustainable
growth within the gaming industry. Fortunately, analysis of the gaming industry shows that it
continues to expand at a rapid rate; increasingly meeting the needs of diverse social groups,
genders, and users of different ages. In effect, games have become an irreplaceable part in our
lives.

2.2 Problems in the Gaming Industry
Almost all online games contain functional gameplay modes such as dice, random items, stage
clear rewards, and lucky wheel. Presently, there is no easy way for the users to recognize whether
the process or result is fair; whether exploits exist, or whether too many human interventions are
in play in the current games developing systems.

With the different instances of backroom deals in most online games, the fairness of the game
cannot be guaranteed. Thus, it is impossible to create a game that is real ‘open, transparent and
just'. Such issues affect the users' gaming experiences and their continuing engagement.
III
Roadmap

Products

and

3.1 Qtum Heroes – First Blockchain Game with Interactive Gameplay

Qtum Heroes is a blockchain game designed to run entirely on Qtum smart contracts. In the
game, users can purchase and collect heroes to raise into their very own champions. Levelling up
can be achieved by defeating other players (PK) or by competing in the multiplayer arena. There
are even ‘ free-fighting’ rooms which can be created among friends to greatly improve the
game's playability and interactivity.

By allowed players to trade, raise, or make heroes compete with each other, Qtum Heroes will be
the first blockchain game with actual interactive gameplay.
Key Features:
High value heroes can be raised by players via various gameplay mechanics
Ability to complete with offline users
Value of Hero characters can be directly compared and invested in
3.2 Doom of Aliens – Integrated SDK Supported for Multiple Cryptocurrency Payments
Doom of Aliens, developed by award-winning game company Mob Arts, will be the first strategy
game that natively supports cryptocurrencies as an in-game payment method.
The game has taken more than two years of research and development to reach its current state,
and this attention to detail has allowed us to now provide an integrated SDK for developers on
the platform.

3.3 BiNGO Blockchain Pan-entertainment Platform
3.3.1 Technical Framework
The decision to create the BiNGO Pan-entertainment Platform on the blockchain comes as a
result of deep technical analysis. The technology allows us to solve many of the issues associated
with centralized gaming platforms, such as unwatching, backroom deals and unfair competitive
environments, thus greatly improving the users' trust and consequently their willingness to play.
The BiNGO Pan-entertainment Platform is comprised of the following layers:

P2P Network Layer which defines P2P contracts
Blockchain and data storage layer which controls all actions related to the blockchain, such as
consensus and data access.
Smart Contract Layer which carries out key platform contracts and records essential platform
data
Verifiable Randomized System that creates random number calculations which are then
distributed and recorded onto the blockchain via smart contracts, thus guaranteeing retrospect
and fairness.
Event Processing Layer to handle smart contracts and sealed SDK for upper level logic systems
Every platform application system provides the logical guarantees for the platform application
layer. Such system groups continually and repeatedly calculate and expand in order to meet the
different needs of players, game developers and publishers.
3.3.2 B2B Functional Module on the Pan-entertainment Platform
BiNGO Blockchain Pan-entertainment Platform is established on the appeal of current products
and the expertise of its technical partner Mob Arts with over seven years in the game industry.
The functions and services of BiNGO's pan-entertainment system will be gradually rolled out over
time, beginning with the release of blockchain games such as Qtum Heroes. Once a sufficient
number of games have been introduced into the ecosystem to ensure user engagement, an
independent advertising and monetization system will be released, enabling content creators to
further monetize their games.

Blockchain technology will also be used to develop a data analysis platform for accurate data
visualization. The special demands from users and publishers can be met via asynchronous
fairness verifying modules. Blockchain traceable game rating and reviewing system also allows
parents to be reassured. The BiNGO Foundation will also invest in new games, forming BiNGO as
a perfect pan-entertainment system and a full closed-loop industry chain.

3.3.3 Diagram of a complete BiNGO Ecosystem

IV BiNGO In collaboration with

4.1 The background of Mob Arts – BiNGO's technical consultant and R&D Partner
With investors such as Chinese giant Tencent, MobArts is an industry-leading online gaming
company with more than seven years of experience. The company develops, publishes, operates,
and invests in game products across multiple platforms. Its most notable, House of Heroes, is the
first game to be published across all Tencent platforms (WeChat, Mobile QQ and Myapp), despite
being built by a third-party developer
House of Heroes is now one of the most widely recognized and revolutionary mobile card games
of all time.
Having an experienced, award-winning parent company as a technical advisor and development
partner will be key in BiNGO's success.

4.2 MobArts Progress to Date
2010 – Company is founded.
2011 – Mob Arts welcomes Nexon, one of the World's top game publishers, as a collaborative
partner and Space Tanks Online is published.

2012 – Space Tanks Online is officially launched, becoming the top ranked game in the Korean
App Store within the first week and receiving more than 6,000 five-star ratings.
2013 – House of Heroes, a 2D mobile RPG game starts its first Open Beta Test.
2013 – House of Heroes becomes the first game developed by a third-party to be launched on
all Tencent platforms in China, including WeChat, QQ Mobile and My App.
2014 – House of Heroes is published by Garena, the biggest game operator in Singapore and
Malaysia. Garena releases the game in Southeast Asia, including Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan.
2015 – Dragon Knight 3d is released on Tencent Platforms, earning the reputation of a
High-Quality Game Developer.
2017 – Mob Arts' new strategy game Wrath of War is featured on Google Play and launched on
the Apple App Store.
2018 – Helping Qtum Heroes official launch as the world's first blockchain game to combine
simulation and player versus player combat.
MobArts Games
A. Space Tanks Online
A multiplayer online battle arena game developed by Mob Arts. The prospective layout and
development was finished in early 2011 as one of the most advanced in the industry. Space Tanks
Online became extremely popular after its release and granted exclusive license to the world's
top game publisher, NEXON, in September of the same year. It was then published in Western
countries and Korea, where it topped the Korean App Store the first week after its official launch.
B. House of Heroes
A genre-defining RPG card game developed by Mob Arts in September 2013 as the first
third-party developed game to launch on all Tencent platforms (WeChat, QQ Mobile, Myapp) in
China. It quickly became the top-grossing game of the App Store within three days after launch.
By its first week it had over 10 million downloads, and created revenues of over $19 millions
dollars in its first month. In total, House of Heroes gained hundreds million dollars and large
amounts users.
C. Dragon Knight 3D
A 3D RPG shooting game developed independently by Mob Arts. The game consists of magical
flying dragon air combats fused with RPG elements. It was launched on Tencent platforms in
March 2015, becoming the second Mob Arts game listed by the Chinese internet giant.

D. Wrath of War
In July 2017, Mob Arts begins its globalization strategy in game publishing. Its first project is the
U3D strategy game Wrath of War, developed independently by the company over the course of
two years. It struck the strategy game market as a high-quality, artful, and intelligent game. After
launch, the public praise of strategy game players fueled its download numbers and it was
featured on Google Play several times.
E. Doom of Aliens
Mob Arts' second 3D strategy game launched in March 2018. Doom of Aliens is the first mobile
war game to feature in-game purchases with major cryptocurrencies.
4.3 Mob Arts In collaboration With
Tencent
Founded in November 1998, Tencent Holdings Limited is the leading provider of internet services
in China. Its instant messaging tools QQ Mobile and WeChat count 820 million and nearly 1
billion active users, respectively. Its business covers needs in social networking, payment,
entertainment, tools, and platforms, making it a powerful internet empire.
Tencent was listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong on June 16, 2004
(SEHK:00700) to a soaring stock price.

By Q1 of 2017, Tencent reported a gross revenue of RMB 49.552 billion or USD 7.182 billion; a

55% increase over the previous year. Likewise, its online gaming revenue grew 34%, to the tune
of RMB 22.811 billion.
On November 21, 2017, Tencent's stock price increased 2.38%, closing at HKD 430, and its market
capitalization reached HKD 4,084.5 billion or USD 522.9 billion. This was the first time its market
cap surpassed Facebook, ranking only after Apple, Alphabet (Google), Microsoft, and Amazon, as
the world's fifth largest company by this metric.

Mob Arts was invested in by Tencent after the successful launch of its two main games, House
of Heroes and Dragon Knight 3D, on the giant's platforms.
Garena
As the largest consumer internet platform in Southeast Asia, Garena completed its Round D on
April 1, 2017, at USD 170 million, led by the National Sovereign Fund of Malaysia. To this date,
Garena has raised a total of USD 500 million in funding.
After the launch of Garena+ in 2010, the platform holds the most active users in online gaming in
Southeast Asia, including Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan. Its exclusive releases include high
quality online games such as League of Legends and Black Shot, along with the integration of
social functions like text and voice chat to allow shared experiences between players.
Garena is an advocate of e-sports development, organizing regular competitions for major titles
like League of Legends. Its tournament attracts professional e-sports players.
Other Garena partners include notable game developers such as Riot Games, Changyou Inc., and
Red 5.

Nexon
Nexon Group was established in Korea on December 1994 as a leading video game company
specializing in online games for PC and mobile. It went public on December 14, 2011 (TY:3659)
and closed at a stock price of JPY 3,674 on the Tokyo Stock Exchange on February 1 2018.
Classic games like Dungeon Fighter Online (DNF) kept drove Nexon's performance throughout
2017 as it experimented with new titles. The game was only second to League of Legends,
bringing in USD 1.6 billion in revenue. This reflected sharpy on Nexon's climbing stock price with
a 30% growth by Q1.

DNF is published by Tencent in the Chinese market since 2007 and attracts more than 5 million
simultaneous users at any given time.
As leader of the Korean game market, Nexon owns other classics like Crazy Racing Kart Rider,
which challenged StarCraft's six year dominance to become the most popular client game in
South Korean cafe houses.
Nexon ranked fifth in Fast Company's 2010 World's Most Innovative Companies list, surpassing
U.S. based Blizzard Entertainment for the first time.

Aside from being the first South Korean gaming company to expand to an overseas market,
Nexon is one of the most successful companies to execute a globalized vision. Branches include
offices in Japan, United States, and Singapore, along with worldwide partnerships with Tencent,
Sohu Inc., Giant Interactive, and Game Orange.
Mob Arts' Space Tanks Online is the first Chinese mobile game to meet NEXON's quality standards
and be licensed worldwide. The game jumped to the top of the Korean App Store shortly after
launch.
V Private Placement Plan
5.1 Summary
A total of 10,000,000,000 (10 billion) 777 BiNGO tokens will be released and limited by the
BiNGO smart contract. The supply will remain unchangeable.

5.2 Release Rules
The distribution plan of 777 BiNGO tokens will be as follows:
Private placement: 2,500,000,000 (2.5 billion) 777 BiNGO tokens, accounting for 25% of the total
supply;
BiNGO team: 2,500,000,000 (2.5 billion) 777 tokens, accounting for 25% of the total supply;
BiNGO Foundation*: 2,500,000,000 (2.5 billion) 777 BiNGO tokens, accounting for 25% of the
total supply;
BiNGO internal working capital turnover**: 2,500,000,000 (2.5 billion) 777 BiNGO tokens,

accounting for 25% of the total supply.
*BiNGO Foundation will invest in game development, allowing BiNGO to operate as a full,
close-looped industry chain.
**These funds will be distributed as revenue shares paid to developers and publishers of BiNGO
platform games, and as behavior reward coupons to users, not limited to tips and item purchases,
and service charge discounts in the BiNGO platform.
Distribution

Unlocking of Team Tokens
The corresponding 25% of 777 BiNGO tokens distributed to the BiNGO team are to be restricted
by a long-term ownership timetable. The rules for the lifting of bans are as follows:
500,000,000 777 BiNGO tokens (20%) will be lifted from the ban one year after private
placement.
1,000,000,000 777 BiNGO tokens (40%) will be lifted from the ban two years after private
placement.
1,000,000,000 777 BiNGO tokens (40%) will be lifted from the ban three years after private
placement.
At this point all 777 BiNGO tokens will be lifted from the ban and will be freely available to the
BiNGO team.
5.3

Cryptocurrency Use Plan

Cryptocurrencies acquired via private placement are to be used as stated below:
To optimize current technology and cover the cost of research and development.

To purchase public-owned cloud services and processing power provided by a distributed cloud in
order to support the development of the BiNGO Pan-entertainment Platform ecosystem.
To cover legal, security, accounting and human resources costs.
To maintain a developer's community assisted by entrepreneurs, investors, exchanges, and
crowdfunders, providing legal license registration for online gaming in certain regions.
As coverage for unforeseen and accidental expenditures.

5.4 Special Explanations
777 BiNGO tokens are used exclusively within the BiNGO platform and should not be understood,
under any circumstances, as any of the following:
A currency;
Demands on company benefits, voting stocks, non-voting stocks, or any type of security;
Stock rights or creditor's rights in any form;
Stocks, financial derivatives, or any commercial paper with intrinsic or market value;
Any form of investment contract;
Any merchandise or asset that is rightfully redeemed or bought by anyone;
Receipt for loan, bond, warrant or any other certifications that are seen as returns to the holders
in terms of interests, dividend or that of any other kind.
5.5 Financial Circulation Model
5.5.1 Rarity
777 BiNGO tokens abide by the limitations of Ethereum smart contracts, signifying that the
supply will remain constant rather than increased unlimitedly.
Upon launch of the BiNGO Pan-entertainment Platform, 777 BiNGO tokens will be used in
instances that include platform coupons, tips and rewards for game users, item purchases, or as
discount channels for platform payments.
Rarity and value will be in accordance to the limited supply of 777 BiNGO tokens.
5.5.2 Financial Circulation
The BiNGO platform will ensure good market circulation of 777 BiNGO tokens as a means of
distribution of revenue shares to developers and publishers. Once the BiNGO cryptocurrency
wallet is released online blockchain, game developers will be able to publish games on the BiNGO
platform. Subsequently, the value of 777 BiNGO tokens will increase in proportion to the
revenues produced by games published on the platform.
[

5.5.3 Summary of Token Appreciation
The total supply of 777 BiNGO tokens will remain constant as user demand grows, thus increasing
the token's value.
The total supply of 777 BiNGO tokens will remain constant as game revenue shares grown, thus
increasing the token's value.
The frequent market circulation of 777 BiNGO tokens will create market need, thus increasing the
token's value.

Uses
Universal BiNGO platform in-game purchase coupon;
Revenue share paid to developers and publishers of BiNGO platform games;
Platform coupons;
Tips and rewards for game users;
Item purchases;
Discount channels for platform payments;
Coupon channel for events or functional discounts;
Means for deducting service fees.
6. BiNGO Team
Matt Lee
CEO
Matt started his career as a game developer at leading mobile game company Com2uS in 2003.
After subsequent roles at Huawei and nVidia, he founded Mob Arts on Christmas 2010 to lead his
own team of game developers. During his 8 years as CEO, Matt has grown Mob Arts from a

three-employee to a hundred-employee firm, and has built one of the top ranking game
companies in China. Now his eyes are set on the potential of blockchain-based games.
He is a graduate from Harbin Institute of Technology, holds an EMBA at CKGSB in China, and
attended Université Pierre et Marie Curie in Paris.
Peter Pan
CTO
As an expert in server-side development, Peter has held the role of CTO at Mob Arts since 2011.
He was in charge of development for the phenomenal House of Heroes — the first third-party
mobile game published on all Tencent social platforms, raking in millions of dollars in profits, 50
million downloads and more than 8 million daily active users. He is also responsible for the
development of Space Tanks Online —which is published worldwide by NEXON— and is a key
developer for two SLG games featured in Google Play.
Peter is a 2011 graduate from Hebei Finance University with a major in Computer Science and
Technology.
Sunny Lee
CMO
From 2009 to 2012, Sunny took office at top game companies Gameloft, GLU, and ELEX. She then
lead overseas game publishing at the Chinese social network giant Renren, Inc. and worked as
Operation Director for the overseas department at Gamewave Group, taking charge of game
publishing in Latin America. From 2014 to 2016 Sunny started Stark Interactive, where she took
responsibility for worldwide publishing before joining Mob Arts in 2017 for her roles in game
operations and marketing.
She graduated from Biochemistry Engineering College at Beijing Union University with a major in
marketing in 2004.
Tech Team
Mob Arts
A comprehensive online game operator with almost a decade in the industry and recent
investments by giants such as Tencent. Mob Arts endeavors to develop, publish, operate, and
invest in game products for multiple platforms.
Advisors
Patrick Dai

Qtum co-founder and part of the 2017 30 Under 30 list by Forbes China.
Ma Zhao F.
A devoted to researcher for blockchain, network security, and digital rights management. Dr. Ma
now leads a blockchain technology team in Beijing, after presiding over twelve research projects.
His research also extends to mainstream blockchain platforms including Bitcoin, Ethereum, and
Hyperledger and has guided the deployment of several blockchain platforms and applications
He holds a post-doctorate degree at Tsinghua University and is an IEEE and ACM member.
Partner
BeeChat
A blockchain-based instant messaging service and cryptocurrency community. It's built using
proprietary technology with servers around the world. BeeChat offers fast and reliable
communication in an ever-changing cryptocurrency landscape. As part of the cryptocurrency
community, BeeChat also invites key opinion leaders, coin issuers, and startup teams to
administer their own groups and chats and interact with their subcommunities.
VIII Disclaimer and Risk Statements
7.1 Disclaimer
No further statements or guarantees must be made by the BiNGO platform in regards to BiNGO
or 777 BiNGO tokens other than the ones already stated in this white paper, especially on their
marketability and specific functions. The understanding of BiNGO, 777 tokens and the
information in this white paper are the behavioral principles of anyone who participates in the
private placement and purchase of 777 BiNGO tokens. On the condition of the universality of the
contents stated above, all the participants must accept tale quale 777 BiNGO tokens after the
launch of the BiNGO project, despite their technical specifications, parameters, performance, or
functions.
BiNGO platform hereby states that it will not admit to nor take upon the following
responsibilities:
If anyone violates the state law of anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing, or any
other supervision requirements when purchasing 777 BiNGO tokens;
If anyone violates any statements, promises, duties, commitments, or other requests stated by
this white paper when purchasing 777 BiNGO tokens, causing failure to pay or withdraw 777
BiNGO tokens;

The abandonment of the private placement project of 777 BiNGO for any reason;
The failure or delay of 777 BiNGO token delivery due to the failling, postponing, or extending of
BiNGO development;
The breakdown of the platform caused by technical issues such as but not limited to bugs in raw
data, errors, flaws, crashes, rollbacks, or hardforks of Ethereum, Qtum or related blockchains;
The usage of collected cryptocurrency from private placement;
Any participant who leaks, loses, or destroys the private keys to a cryptocurrency wallet;
Any violation of contract rules, infringement, crash, paralysis, service shutdown, pause, fraud,
misoperation, misconduct, fault, negligence, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution, or shutdown of
partner platforms who participate in 777 BiNGO token private placement;
Trades or speculative actions by anyone of 777 BiNGO tokens;
The listed transactions of 777 BiNGO in any exchange;
The categorization of 777 BiNGO tokens as a kind of currency, bond, commercial paper,
negotiable bill, investment good or other things by any government, authorities, or public
organizations, whether it is banned, supervised, or restricted by law;
Any risk elements stated by this white paper and any other risk-related elements which should
cause or accompany any damages, losses, claims, responsibilities, punishments, costs or other
negative effects.
7.2 Risk Statements
The BiNGO team believes that the process of development, maintenance, and operation is always
accompanied by uncountable rists, many of which are beyond the control of the team. Apart
from the contents stated in the white paper, every 777 BiNGO token buyer should study,
comprehend, and carefully look over the accompanying risks before deciding whether or not to
participate in this private placement project. Every 777 BiNGO token buyer should be aware of
the fact that BiNGO and 777 BiNGO token distributions do not exist in any physical form but
rather in fictitious cyberspace, therefore they do not belong to or relate to any specific country.
Participating in this private placement project should be a deliberate decision. Thus, such action
is then seen as the buyer being fully aware of and accepting the following risks:
Private placement plan abortion
777 BiNGO token private placement might go through an early termination. Due to the
fluctuation of Bitcoin and Ethereum, and expenditures of BiNGO development and operations
teams, the buyers might only be returned a part of their payments.

Insufficient information offering
As of this white paper's date of issue, BiNGO is still in development phase. This means its
philosophy, consensus systems, calculation methods, code, and other technical details and
parameters might go through frequent updates and changes. The latest BiNGO information
contained in this white paper is yet to be fully completed, and will be adjusted and updated by
the BiNGO team. The team does not have to always inform participants of every detail of the
development process, including the schedules and predicted milestones, postponed or not.
Incomplete information disclosure is inevitable and should be understandable.
3. Supervision measures
Cryptocurrencies are being or might be supervised by different state authorities. From time to
time, the BiNGO team might receive inquiries, notices, warnings, instructions or adjudications
from one or several authorities. Actions related to the private placement, BiNGO or 777 BiNGO
tokens might be ordered to pause or abort, thus greater influences, obstacles, or terminations
might occur in the phases of development, marketing, advertising, or other aspects of BiNGO.
Due to the fact that supervision policies might change at any moment, any allowance or
tolerance from any countries to BiNGO or the private placement plan might be temporary.
Different countries may define 777 BiNGO tokens as virtual product, digital asset, stocks, or
currency at any time. As a result, according to local supervision requirements in certain countries,
777 BiNGO tokens might be forbidden to trade or hold.
4.
Cryptography
Cryptography is an evolving technology, therefore its safety isn't always guaranteed. Dangers
might be brought to cryptography-based systems, including BiNGO, by the progress of
cryptography or other technologies, which might cause thievery, losing, disappearance,
destruction or devaluation of any owned 777 BiNGO tokens. The BiNGO team must be self
prepared for precautions or amendments within reasonable ranges, such as upgrading the BiNGO
bottom framework in order to meet any progress of cryptography, and taking new and
reasonable security measures under suitable circumstances. Although the security innovation of
cryptography is unpredictable, the BiNGO team will do everything to the best of their ability to
deal with the challenges of changes in cryptography and security fields.
5.
Developmental failure or abandoment
BiNGO is still in its developmental phase, therefore it is not ready to use. Due to the technical
complexity of the BiNGO system, the BiNGO team might face unpredictable or unsolvable
difficulties from time to time. Therefore, the development of BiNGO might fail or be abandoned
by any reason at any time. This could result in buyers not receiving any 777 BiNGO tokens.
6.
Theft of cryptocurrency
People might attempt to steal cryptocurrencies gained by the BiNGO platform through private
placement. Such thievery or attempts might influence the ability of the BiNGO team to provide
financial supports to the development of BiNGO. Despite the fact that the team will use the most
cutting-edge technologies to protect the safety of cryptocurrency gained for the platform, certain

cyber-thefts could be hard to prevent.
7.
Flaws in raw code
Perfection in the raw code of BiNGO cannot be guaranteed. The flaws, errors, defects, and bugs
in the code might cause users to be unable to use certain functions, exposing the users'
information and causing other problems. If such flaws do exist, they will damage the usability,
stability, and security of BiNGO, thus having negative influence on the value of 777 BiNGO tokens.
8.
Security issues
The BiNGO blockchain is an OSS based distributed ledger without access allowance. Though the
BiNGO team endeavors to keep the BiNGO system safe, people might deliberately or accidentally
bring issues of defect into the core infrastructural elements of BiNGO. The team will not be able
to take security measures to prevent or fix the weaknesses or defects, which might eventually
cause losses to participants' 777 BiNGO tokens or other cryptocurrency.
9.
Distributed denial-of-service attacks
Ethereum is designed as a public ledger without access allowance. Therefore, Ethereum might be
affected by distributed denial of service attacks from time to time. Such attacks will cause the
BiNGO system to suffer from negative influences, stagnation, or paralysis. This can, in turn, cause
the trades that the system is based on to be delayed.
10.
Insufficient processing ability
The rapid development of BiNGO is accompanied with sudden trading spurts and demands on
processing power. If the demands on processing power exceed the load provided by the present
nodes in the Ethereum blockchain, the BiNGO system might be paralyzed or stagnate, which
might also cause fraud or errors in trade such as “double spending”. At worst, people might lose
the 777 BiNGO tokens they hold, the Ethereum blockchain might be rolled back and a hard fork
might be triggered. The aftermath of these events could damage the usability, stability, and
security of BiNGO and the value of 777 BiNGO tokens.
11.
Claim for sale without authorization
Any person who obtains access to a buyer's registration email or account via decrypting or
cracking can obtain the 777 BiNGO tokens purchased on sale. Accordingly, the 777 BiNGO tokens
purchased on sale by the buyer might be mistakenly, irrevocably, and irreversibly sent to anyone
who claims 777 BiNGO tokens via the buyers' registration email or account. Each 777 BiNGO
token buyer should take the following precautions in order to ensure the safety of their
registration email and accounts:
(i) use a high-level safety password;
(ii) do not open or reply to any fraudulent emails;
(iii) do not reveal classified or personal information.
12.
Private key to 777 BiNGO wallet
The loss or destruction of the private key, which is necessary to obtain 777 BiNGO tokens, is

irreversible. 777 BiNGO tokens can only be operated by the match of a unique open public key
with a corresponding private key stored in local or online 777 BiNGO wallets. All buyers should
protect and safely keep the private key of their 777 BiNGO token wallet. Tokens cannot be
obtained or regained by the BiNGO team or any other individuals in case the private key is lost,
exposed, destroyed, damaged, or stolen.
13.
Popularity
The value of 777 BiNGO tokens depends on the popularity of the BiNGO platform. BiNGO is not
expecting to be welcomed, popular, or widely used right after being released. At worst, BiNGO
might be marginalized for a certain amount of time, attracting only a small amount of users. In
comparison, most of the demand on 777 BiNGO tokens might be speculative. The market price
fluctuation of 777 BiNGO tokens might increase due to the lack of users, which might influence
the BiNGO's long-term development. When such fluctuations occur, the BiNGO team will not,
and is not obliged to, stale or influence the market price of 777 BiNGO tokens.
14.
Price fluctuation
When traded in open markets, the prices of cryptocurrencies usually fluctuate and price shocks
happen relatively often in short periods of time. Such prices might also be valuated by Bitcoin,
Ethereum, USD or other currencies. These fluctuations might be caused by market forces
including trade speculations, changes in supervision policies, technological innovations,
availability of exchanges, and other factors. They also reflect the changes in balance between
supply and demand. Regardless of the existence of a secondary market for 777 BiNGO token
trading, the BiNGO team takes no responsibilities for it. Therefore, the BiNGO team is not obliged
to stabilize the price fluctuation of 777 BiNGO tokens. Token traders themselves must assume the
risks related to trading prices.

