Bitdeal​ ​Ecosystem.
(updated​ ​Oct​ ​12,​ ​2017)
Table​ ​of​ ​contents
1.
Introduction.
2.
What​ ​is​ ​Bitdeal?
2.1.
The​ ​4th​ ​Industrial​ ​Revolution.
2.2.
Sharing​ ​economy.
2.3.
How​ ​it​ ​works.
2.4.
Vision.
2.5.
Mission.
3.
Technology.
3.1.
Blockchain.
3.2.
Proof​ ​of​ ​Work.
3.3.
Peer​ ​to​ ​peer​ ​Network.
4.
Roadmap.
5.
References.

1. Introduction.
The Fourth Industrial Revolution began in the early 21st, following the great
achievements of the third time, which was formed into the basis of the revolutionary
digital revolution, with new technologies such as Blockchain, 3D Printing, robots,
artificial intelligence, IoT, SMAC, nanotechnology, biology, new materials. The whole
world are in the early stages of this revolution and is the hinge strategy for developing
countries to move forward to keeping up with the world trend and open a new turning
point​ ​for​ ​human​ ​development.
Bitdeal is building an ecosystem that connects businesses and consumers. Based on
one of today's most anticipated storage and information technology platforms:
Blockchain. Combined with the business model is able to bring rapid profits for the
business but also brings the common good for the whole society: Sharing economy.
Bitdeal will play a third-party role, connecting small and midsize businesses, with the
need to introduce products and services, reaching out to large numbers of users.
Users will enjoy the incentives from Bitdeal partners; convenient and fast by using the
App, search for, order (or book) and pay. Bitdeal expects to build an open ecosystem,
anticipating​ ​new​ ​trends​ ​by​ ​making​ ​the​ ​most​ ​of​ ​the​ ​power​ ​of​ ​technology.

2.

What​ ​is​ ​Bitdeal?

Bitdeal by Bitdeal Solution Technology Ltd. Is a new exciting and groundbreaking
mobile​ ​application​ ​that​ ​will​ ​not​ ​only​ ​save​ ​you​ ​money,​ ​it​ ​will​ ​make​ ​you​ ​money​ ​too.
Bitdeal​ ​=​ ​Cryptocurrency​ ​+​ ​Sharing​ ​economy​ ​+​ ​The​ ​4th​ ​Industrial​ ​Revolution.
2.1.1. The​ ​4th​ ​Industrial​ ​Revolution.
Industry​ ​Revolution​ ​4.0​ ​takes​ ​the​ ​automation​ ​of​ ​manufacturing​ ​processes​ ​to​ ​a​ ​new
level​ ​by​ ​introducing​ ​customized​ ​and​ ​flexible​ ​mass​ ​production​ ​technologies.
This means that machines will operate independently, or cooperate with humans in
creating a customer-oriented production field that constantly works on maintaining
itself. The machine rather becomes an independent entity that is able to collect data,
analyze​ ​it,​ ​and​ ​advise​ ​upon​ ​it.
Industry Revolution 4.0 Components: Cyber-Physical Systems, The Internet of
Things​ ​(IoT),​ ​The​ ​Internet​ ​of​ ​Services​ ​(IoS)​ ​&​ ​Smart​ ​Factory.
2.1.2. Sharing​ ​economy.
Sharing economies allow individuals and groups to make money from underused
assets.​ ​In​ ​this​ ​way,​ ​physical​ ​assets​ ​are​ ​shared​ ​as​ ​services.
For example, a car owner may allow someone to rent out her vehicle while she is not
using it, or a condo owner may rent out his condo while he’s on vacation. Some
examples​ ​of​ ​the​ ​sharing​ ​economy​ ​include:
- Hospitality​ ​and​ ​Dining:​ ​CouchSurfing,​ ​Airbnb,​ ​Feastly,​ ​LeftoverSwap
- Automotive and Transportation: RelayRides, Hitch, Uber, Lyft, Getaround,
Sidecar
- Retail and Consumer Goods: Neighborgoods, SnapGoods, Poshmark,
Tradesy
- Media and Entertainment: Amazon Family Library, Wix, Spotify, SoundCloud,
Earbits
The Sharing economy is one of the most common concepts at the moment. It refers
to services such as Uber (travel sharing application) or Airbnb (global online search
service) and a host of other local names. In it, Uber has become a symbol of the
success of this type of economy as it gradually leads the market with incredible
numbers​ ​of​ ​influence.

Bitdeal will provide its partners with an application to share their products and
services with a wide range of consumers. Allow them to actively create attractive
promotions, discounts. Simultaneously manage the orders, improve efficiency in
business.
2.1.3. How​ ​it​ ​works.
-

Open the Bitdeal App to find the location for goods and services that you wish to
purchase.
On the menu bar, there are different categories of goods and services you can
choose​ ​from.
Choose the appropriate category of what you desire and it will display your options
on​ ​a​ ​map.
Each​ ​supplier​ ​on​ ​the​ ​map​ ​will​ ​offer​ ​their​ ​own​ ​unique​ ​discounts​ ​to​ ​you.
Simply going to the place of business pick out the goods you wish to purchase or
the​ ​service​ ​you​ ​would​ ​like​ ​to​ ​take​ ​advantage​ ​of.
When​ ​you​ ​are​ ​ready​ ​to​ ​pay,​ ​showed​ ​them​ ​that​ ​you​ ​came​ ​in​ ​for​ ​a​ ​Bitdeal.
Next, simply scan the QR code for the payment method you wish to use to make
the purchase, then enjoy the rest of your day knowing you got an excellent deal
because​ ​of​ ​Bitdeal.

2.1.4. Vision.
- Create​ ​the​ ​next​ ​wave​ ​of​ ​cryptocurrency.
- Will​ ​be​ ​widely​ ​used​ ​in​ ​the​ ​community,​ ​like​ ​other​ ​existing​ ​currencies.
In the present era digital communication is by far the most important means of
communication. The information being transmitted is prone to various attacks (active
and passive). Hence, information security is a very important part of the
communication process. Cryptography is the branch of information security that
provides​ ​an​ ​excellent​ ​method​ ​to​ ​protect​ ​data.
Over the years many encryption techniques have been provided and used. This
paper discusses different encryption algorithms (symmetric and asymmetric), newer
areas​ ​that​ ​are​ ​being​ ​explored​ ​in​ ​cryptography​ ​and​ ​its​ ​applications​ ​in​ ​network​ ​security.
Promoting both the development of Cryptocurrency and new trading systems as well
as​ ​financial​ ​management.
In the context of financial difficulties and filled with uncertainty as today, Bitdeal
believes that the development of Cryptocurrency with the help of technological
strength will bring tremendous potential in the effort to improve the current financial

system, minimize the risk of inflation or the collapse of banking systems that used to
be​ ​interfered​ ​by​ ​politics.

2.1.5. Mission​.
Bitdeal expects to build an open ecosystem, connects businesses and consumers.
Spending,​ ​saving​ ​and​ ​making​ ​more​ ​money​ ​for​ ​everyone.

3.

Technology.

3.1.

Blockchain.

A blockchain is essentially a distributed database of records or public ledger of all
transactions or digital events that have been executed and shared among
participating parties. Each transaction in the public ledger is verified by consensus of
a majority of the participants in the system. And, once entered, information can never
be erased. The blockchain contains a certain and verifiable record of every single
transaction ever made. To use a basic analogy, it is easy to steal a cookie from a
cookie jar, kept in a secluded place than stealing the cookie from a cookie jar kept in
a​ ​market​ ​place,​ ​being​ ​observed​ ​by​ ​thousands​ ​of​ ​people.
Current digital economy is based on the reliance on a certain trusted authority. Our all
online transactions rely on trusting someone to tell us the truth—it can be an email
service provider telling us that our email has been delivered; it can be a certification
authority telling us that a certain digital certificate is trustworthy; or it can be a social
network such as Facebook telling us that our posts regarding our life events have
been​ ​shared​ ​only​ ​with​ ​our​ ​friends​ ​or​ ​it​ ​can​ ​be​ ​a​ ​bank​ ​telling​ ​us​ ​that​ ​our
money has been delivered reliably to our dear ones in a remote country. The fact is
that we live our life precariously in the digital world by relying on a third entity for the
security and privacy of our digital assets. The fact remains that these third party
sources can be hacked, manipulated or compromised. This is where the blockchain
technology comes handy. It has the potential to revolutionize the digital world by
enabling​ ​a​ ​distributed​ ​consensus​where​ ​each​ ​and​ ​every​ ​online​ ​transaction,​ ​past​ ​and
present, involving digital assets can be verified at any time in the future. It does this
without compromising the privacy of the digital assets and parties involved. The
distributed consensus​and anonymity​are two important characteristics of blockchain
technology.
3.2.

Proof​ ​of​ ​Work.

To implement a distributed timestamp server on a peer-to-peer basis, we will need to
use a proofof-work system similar to Adam Back's Hashcash [6], rather than
newspaper or Usenet posts. The proof-of-work involves scanning for a value that
when hashed, such as with SHA-256, the hash begins with a number of zero bits.
The average work required is exponential in the number of zero bits required and can
be​ ​verified​ ​by​ ​executing​ ​a​ ​single​ ​hash.
For our timestamp network, we implement the proof-of-work by incrementing a nonce
in the block until a value is found that gives the block's hash the required zero bits.
Once the CPU effort has been expended to make it satisfy the proof-of-work, the
block cannot be changed without redoing the work. As later blocks are chained after

it, the work to change the block would include redoing all the blocks after it. The
proof-of-work also solves the problem of determining representation in majority
decision making. If the majority were based on one-IP-address-one-vote, it could be
subverted by anyone able to allocate many IPs. Proof-of-work is essentially
one-CPU-one-vote. The majority decision is represented by the longest chain, which
has the greatest proof-of-work effort invested in it. If a majority of CPU power is
controlled by honest nodes, the honest chain will grow the fastest and outpace any
competing chains. To modify a past block, an attacker would have to redo the
proof-of-work of the block and all blocks after it and then catch up with and surpass
the work of the honest nodes. We will show later that the probability of a slower
attacker​ ​catching​ ​up​ ​diminishes​ ​exponentially​ ​as​ ​subsequent​ ​blocks​ ​are​ ​added.
To compensate for increasing hardware speed and varying interest in running nodes
over time, the proof-of-work difficulty is determined by a moving average targeting an
average number of blocks per hour. If they're generated too fast, the difficulty
increases.
3.3.

Peer​ ​to​ ​peer​ ​Network.

Peer-to-peer (P2P) is an alternative network model to that provided by traditional
clientserver architecture. P2P networks use a decentralised model in which each
machine, referred to as a peer, functions as a client with its own layer of server
functionality. A peer plays the role of a client and a server at the same time. That is,
the peer can initiate requests to other peers, and at the same time respond to
incoming requests from other peers on the network. It differs from the traditional
client-server model where a client can only send requests to a server and then wait
for​ ​the​ ​server’s​ ​response.
With a client-server approach, the performance of the server will deteriorate as the
number of clients requesting services from the server increase. However, in P2P
networks overall network performance actually improves as an increasing number of
peers are added to the network. These peers can organise themselves into ad-hoc
groups as they communicate, collaborate and share bandwidth with each other to
complete the tasks at hand (e.g. file sharing). Each peer can upload and download at
the same time, and in a process like this, new peers can join the group while old
peers leave at any time. This dynamic re-organisation of group peer members is
transparent​ ​to​ ​end-users.
Another characteristic of a P2P network is its capability in terms of fault-tolerance.
When a peer goes down or is disconnected from the network, the P2P application
will continue by using other peers. For example, in a BitTorrent system, any clients
downloading a certain file are also serving as servers. When a client finds one of the
peers is not responding, it searches for other peers, picks up parts of the file where
the old peer was, and continues the download process. Compared to a client-server

model, where all communication will stop if the server is down, a P2P network is
more​ ​fault-tolerant.

4.

Road​ ​map.
-

Feb,​ ​2017:​ ​Found​ ​The​ ​Team.
Apr,​ ​2017:​ ​Events​ ​&​ ​Seminar.
May,​ ​2017:​ ​ICO.
Jun,​ ​2017:​ ​BDL​ ​Pool.
Aug,​ ​2017:​ ​BDL​ ​App.
Sep,​ ​2017:​ ​BDL​ ​Wallet.
Dec,​ ​2017:​ ​BDL​ ​Exchange.

5.

References.

[1]​ ​Consumer​ ​Intelligence​ ​Series​ ​The​ ​Sharing​ ​Economy
“​https://www.pwc.com/us/en/technology/publications/assets/pwc-consumer-intelligen
ce-series-the-sharing-economy.pdf​”
[2]​ ​Review​ ​and​ ​Recent​ ​Trends​ ​in​ ​Cryptography
“​http://ijsetr.com/uploads/251643IJSETR2114-780.pdf​”
[3]​ ​A​ ​Gentle​ ​Introduction​ ​To​ ​Blockchain​ ​Technology
“​https://bravenewcoin.com/assets/Reference-Papers/A-Gentle-Introduction/A-GentleIntroduction-To-Blockchain-Technology-WEB.pdf​”
[4]​ ​BlockChain​ ​Technology
“​http://scet.berkeley.edu/wp-content/uploads/BlockchainPaper.pdf​”
[5]​ ​Proof​ ​of​ ​Work​ ​and​ ​Blockchains
“​https://www.zurich.ibm.com/dccl/papers/eyal_dccl_slides.pdf​”
[6]​ ​Peer​ ​to​ ​peer​ ​Network
“​https://www.infosec.gov.hk/english/technical/files/peer.pdf​”

