A DECENTRALIZED CRYPTOCURRENCY-CONCENTRATED
& CONTENT PAYMENT COMMUNITY
White paper V1.1

2018/5/2

1. Background and positioning of the Project

1

1.1.Project Background

1

1.2.Overview of paid content market

3

1.3.Market pain points

4

1.4.Solutions

5

2. Structure of the platform

6

2.1.Market and information application

6

2.2.Blockchain-concentrated community

7

2.3.Decentralized community operation based on smart contract

9

2.4.Multi-cryptocurrency exchange engine

10

2.5.Multi-function wallet

10

2.6.Information encryption module

11

2.7.Platform development plan

11

3. Technical principles
3.1.Revenue distribution mechanism

11
11

4. The team

12

5. Token distribution

16

5.1.KAN tokens

16

5.2.Distribute proportion

16

5.3.Revenue sources

17

5.4.Fees deduction

17

5.5.Fund utilization

18

6. Roadmap

19

7. Project risk description

20

7.1.Compliance and operational risk

20

7.2.Project market risk

20

7.3.Technical risk

20

8. Disclaimer

20

1. Background and positioning of the Project
1.1.Project Background
In 2017, cryptocurrency market came into a blowout development, and the total market value of
the industry was high and high. According to the Coinmarketcap website, by the beginning of
2018, there were more than 1,400 types of encrypted digital asset tokens, and the total market
value of the tokens was over $670 billion. According to the annual news hot search data released
by Google, bitcoin, ranking the dominant position in the cryptocurrency market, ranked second in
the global news search in 2017. With the attention of the people and capital and the expansion of
technology and exploration field, the dimensions of the cryptocurrency market are also
experiencing rapid development and change.
• Cryptocurrency presentation - diversified ecology
According to CoinMarketCap website statistics, in 2017, when the market developed fast, the
number of cryptocurrency reached 1,381, with an increase of 123.8% compared with the total
number of market currencies of 617 in 2016. The number of new digital currencies in the whole
year was 764, accounting for about 55% of the number of cryptocurrencies in 2017. Looking back
at the currency data a few years ago, there was 67 in 2013, 491 in 2014 and 551 in 2015.
From the quarterly data in 2017, the number of new currencies in the first, second, third and
fourth quarter was 109, 145, 184 and 326 respectively, with an increase of 17.67%, 19.18%,
22.27% and 30.9% respectively.

The change in the market value ratio of each cryptocurrency Data source: CoinMarketCap

With the emergence of multi-currency, the cryptocurrency market is also showing a diversified
development trend. It turns from the initial one-pole situation of bitcoin to the multi-plate and
multi-currency development momentum. According to Coinmarketcap data, the total market value

1

of cryptocurrencies, excluding Bitcoin, reached $349.48 billion in 2017, with an increase of
17,374% compared with 2016. The share of the market value of bitcoin fell from 94% in July 2013
to 34% in January 2018.
As of January 28, 2018, the market value ratio of BTC was 34.4%, the market value ratio of ETH
was 19.69%, the ratio of BCH was 4.92%, the ratio of XRP was 8.59%, the ratio of LTC was
1.76%, the ratio of NEM was 1.61%, the ratio of IOTA was 1.19%, and the ratio of DASH was
1.08%. From the above data, the cryptocurrency market has shown a diversified development
situation.
• The market value of cryptocurrency increases exponentially with diversification
In recent years, the scale of global cryptocurrency assets represented by bitcoin has been
expanding. According to CoinMarketCap website statistics, as of December 17, 2017, the total
market value of global d cryptocurrency assets has reached $600 billion. CoinMarketCap website
data showed that the number of cryptocurrencies reached 1,381 in 2017, with an increase of
123.8% compared with the same period in 2016. The number of new cryptocurrencies in the
whole year was 764, and the market value of 2017 increased by 3,028% compared with the same
period in 2017.

Market capital of cryptocurrency in 2013-2018
2000

800Billion

1,558
1,381

1500

600Billion

1000

400Billion

491

617

551

572Billion

500

0

381Billion
67
9Billion

6Billion

7Billion

18Billion

2013

2014

2015

2016

Types of Crytocurrencies

2017

2018 Q1

200Billion

0Billion

Market Capital(USD)

Data source: CoinMarketCap

• The demand for investment deals is big, and the market is aﬀected by News.

2

According to Coinmarketcap data, on December 20, 2017, amount of transactions in
cryptocurrency market reached the highest level in the year, about $58.59 billion, and the
transaction volume accounted for 9% of the total market value of that day.
In November 2017, the total number of users of the platform reached 11.9 million, and the number
of new users on a single day exceeded 100,000 in this month, and the platform added 10,000
users every day in January 2017. The growing demand for investment in the field of
cryptocurrency can be seen from this. As of January 28, 2018, there were 130 cryptocurrency
trading platforms.
In the investment market of cryptocurrency, market News has a strong leading force on the
market. The impact of market News is inseparable from the decline and fall of several rounds of
cryptocurrency market. For example, in 2013, Mt. Gox was stolen and bankrupt. Five ministries
and commissions of China issued a risk warning for Bitcoin, which hit the prevailing market
confidence and it fell into bear market. During 2016-2017, tense Inter-Korean relations, Trump's
successful election to the US presidency, Brexit, Japan's recognition of the legal status of Bitcoin
and other international events stimulated people's interest in investing the emerging field of
cryptocurrency, and opened a new round of market trend.

1.2.Overview of paid content market
According to iiMedia Research report, Research Report on Chinese Paid Knowledge Market in
2017, Chinese paid knowledge users preferring financial knowledge accounted for 46.2%, and
paid knowledge users preferred individual consumption amount below RMB 200; on the other
hand, Blockchain industry is an emerging industry and has great demand for industry knowledge.
At the same time, users in this area have a strong ability to pay and drive.
Data source: Research Report on Chinese Paid Knowledge Market in 2017 iiMedia Research

Portrait of Chinese paid knowledge users in 2017
Domain

Proportion

Financial economics

46.2%

Education training

40.1%

Consumer finance

34.8%

Health regimen

32.6%

Information technology

32.3%

Entertainment

24.4%

Combined with paid content and cryptocurrency payment scenario, the project team investigated
the related products in the market, and analyzed from the aspects of community nature, payment
mode, recharge channel and incentive mechanism, etc..

3

Analysis for competitive products of global cryptocurrency-content & community platform
Platform

Concentra
tedcummitny

Payment

Recharge
channel

Positioning

Features

Precipitat
ion

Globaliz
ation

Incentive
mechanism

Termi
nal

BITKAN

Y

Any cryptos

Any cryptos

Small
communities

Diversification

Y

Y

Value
incentive

APP
Web

yours.org

Y

BCH

Major cryptos

Content
platform

BBS

Y

Y

Value
incentive

Web

Steemit

Y

SP

U.S. dollar

Content
platform

BBS

Y

Y

Behavior
incentive

Web

Currency

Y

KEY

Major cryptos

Content
platform

Unknown

Y

Y

Behavior
incentive

Unkn
own

BeeChat

Y

Bee

Major cryptos

Instant
messaging

IM

N

Y

Value
incentive

APP

SNT

Y

SNT

ETH

Instant
messaging

IM

N

Y

Value
incentive

APP

Qbao

Y

Qbao

Major cryptos

Instant
messaging

IM

N

Y

Value
incentive

APP

Knowledg
e planet

N

RMB

RMB

Small
communities

MicroBlog
Blog

Y

N

Value
incentive

APP

Telegram

N

N

N

Instant
messaging

IM

N

Y

N

APP

WeChat

N

N

N

Instant
messaging

IM

N

Y

N

APP

1.3.Market pain points
• Lack of high quality content aggregation platforms
Nowadays, there are many products for cryptocurrency segmentation, which covers a wide range
of categories. But in the face of the growing demand of users, products are getting more and
more diﬃcult to meet the basic needs of users. Amongst all the cryptocurrency softwares, users
often download multiple softwares to meet just one simple demand, and use diﬀerent softwares

4

to meet just one single fragment of their needs. In general, there is still a lack of an "aggregated"
platform that meets the major needs of users.
• Imperfections of multi-cryptocurrency payment
There are more than 1000 kinds of cryptocurrency on the market nowadays, and the exchange
between diﬀerent cryptocurrencies is still complicated, especially the exchange between nonmainstream cryptocurrencies. Firstly, users have to covert their cryptocurrencies through
intermediate coins, such as the conversion of BTC, BCH and ETH. Large market fluctuations may
cause asset loss. Finally, users also need to transfer the assets they exchanged back to their own
wallet. The entire exchange process is long and complicated.
Although there are softwares that oﬀer multi-cryptocurrencies exchange services on the market,
the exchange on such platforms still needs to face the shortcomings of "long time" and
"cumbersome procedures".
• Lack of diversified cryptocurrency-concentrated communities
With the increasing number of people interested in cryptocurrency, the demand for social
communication and information sharing in this segment is growing. Social platforms are often
used among crypto-lovers, such as WeChat and Telegram, which have the defect that good
contents are diﬃcult to precipitate. But for digital asset lovers, payment communities such as
"knowledge planet" are not focused on the field of Blockchain and digital currency, and it is
diﬃcult for the communities to interact with each other. For the users, it is diﬃcult to select the
suitable community. For community organizers, there is a lack of accurate and continuous
channel to expand influence among digital asset lovers.
• Lack of content output and realization channel
In cryptocurrency community, outstanding content composers can only rely on a single platform.
Query platforms are far away from cryptocurrency communities, and it is diﬃcult to form wider
community influence. Payments are calculated in local fiat, which lacks connection with
cryptocurrencies and makes it diﬃcult to make an international eﬀect.

1.4.Solutions
[BITKAN’s advantages]
BITKAN was founded in 2013. As an App serving cryptocurrency users and integrating market,
information, mining monitoring and wallet, it provides four language versions, namely Chinese,
English, Russian and Japanese. Now it has more than 5 million users from 170 countries around
the world.
BITKAN provides quotations and candlestick charts of more than 2,200 kinds of cryptocurrencies
from more than 50 major cryptocurrency exchanges around the world. It has achieved News
cooperation with more than 70 international medias. The daily news updates are over 300, and
the daily reads of the News section is over 500 thousands. BITKAN provides wallet services for
digital asset transfer, such as BTC, BCH, DASH, ETH, SAFE, and it has provided stable and
secure wallet service for the assets of 170,000 users.

5

As of February 2018, the total user volume of BITKAN platform has reached 5.44 million. The
platform users are all precise users in the field of cryptocurrency, including 4.2 million website
users, 870 thousands APP users and 370 thousands registered users.
BITKAN user statistics

Registered users
370k
App users
870k

100%
Web users
4,200k
Cryptocurrency users

In the future, BITKAN will be built into a community level service complex in the era of Blockchain
based on its profound user base and excellent industry resources.
[Cryptocurrency-concentrated community]
BITKAN will provide a cryptocurrency-concentrated community feature in the Blockchain domain.
Through this feature, users can enjoy the convenience brought by the following functions.
I.

The establishment and operation of an accurate user community circle based on
cryptocurrencies.

II. Publish, share and view first hand information in the circle
III. Excellent content composers can receive any kind of cryptocurrency from the readers.
[Exchange multi-cryptocurrency in one second]
BITKAN wallet will support the direct exchange of more than 100 kinds of cryptocurrency assets.
Users can choose to convert cryptocurrency A in the wallet directly into cryptocurrency B in time
according to the instant market exchange rate when using BITKAN wallet to pay or transfer, which
is available at any time. Compared with trading platform, the currency exchange of BITKAN can
be completed directly in the wallet. Compared with other cryptocurrency exchange platforms, the
exchange process is fast, reaching second speed level.

2. Structure of the platform
2.1.Market and information application
BITKAN currently provides price monitoring, news and information, mining monitoring, wallet and
other services for cryptocurrencies. Users can store cryptocurrencies simply, conveniently and
safely through the BITKAN app. At the same time, they can check the market price of

6

cryptocurrencies of major exchanges in real time, get timely and fresh industry information at
home and abroad, and set up price reminders by BITKAN app. And it has real-time mining
monitoring, which allows you to master the running condition of the mining machine whenever
and wherever possible.
[Market]
Market monitoring has more than 50 cryptocurrency exchanges at home and abroad, and the
real-time price quotation, depth chart and candlestick of more than 1,500 transaction pairs.
[Price alert]
It provides personalized price warning, staircase reminding, etc., which can help users monitor
the market in real time 24/7.
[Comprehensive news]
It provides the latest blockchain industry news, to help users focus on hot news and understand
the trend of the industry. Provide real time industry news and capture micro-blog, Twitter and
other social media information of relevant masters.
[Mining monitoring]
Check the mining speed in real time, and customize price alert, allowing users to master the
running condition of the mining machine whenever and wherever possible.

2.2.Blockchain-concentrated community
The team will launch the first blockchain-concentrated community around the blockchain industry
based on the BITKAN platform. The community will encourage users to produce high-quality
contents, and users can get profits in the form of cryptocurrencies by publishing high-quality
contents.
The communities created by users in the community will be presented in the form of "circles". The
creators can set up the "circle" to pay for admission or join for free. By composing high-quality
contents, it can attract other users to join in and form their own "circles". Users having joined in
can read the contents of the "circle" or post their own content in the "circle". On the other hand,
users can also set a certain content for paid reading, the more people who read, the greater the
income. Users can also reward the content to encourage the author to continue to compose more
and better content.
Users can post a variety of types of content in the "circle", such as: status, blog, queries and so
on, and they can post various contents accessories through multimedia extension.
Through open source API, in the future, more diversified contents can be published in the circle.
In addition to the form of content, the form of joining "circle" can also be set to pay or free. The
circle owner can choose the corresponding form according to its operation needs and create its
own "circle". BITKAN gives diversity to the "circle", which allows every "circle" to evolve a unique
"circle culture".
Interpretation of product related concepts:
[Circle]

7

Blog

Group
Chat
Query

BITKAN
CIRCLES

Video

Muti-function module—open source API
For individual community created by the user, the creator is the circle owner and is responsible for
the daily operation and content composition of the circle. Users can create paid or free circles.
Other users can pay by cryptocurrencies to join the paid circle. The paid circle can help the circle
owners who compose high-quality content to get profits in cryptocurrencies. In addition to the
circle owner, the members of the circle can post content and jointly maintain the circle.
[Content composer]
For users who post original contents in the community, usually circle owners are content
composers. But with the development of circles, more circle members will participate in the
content output. Content output is one of the main ways to keep the circle operating. The circle
owner attracts more “fans” through continuous publication of original content, and gradually
forms a small "ecosystem". The content composer is one of the most core user groups in the
circle, and the quality content output by them will help the whole community to develop healthily
and favorably.
[Content consumer]
In the community, users who join the circle and read content are content consumers. In addition
to reading the contents, they can participate in topic interaction and comment, pay for valuable
circles or contents, and form a closed loop from content output to content consumption. The
actual value of the content will be reflected in the process of delivering the content from the
composer to the consumer.
[Key Opinion Leader]

8

WeMedia

Official teams

Group chat

Analysis

Authors

Exchanges
Tokens

Multi-cryptocurrencies supported — Free or Paid
Key Opinion Leader (KOL). These users are mainly experts or authorities in the field of industry
segmentation, who have appeal, influence and considerable credibility in their fields. KOL's “fans”
are very loyal, and they agree with KOL's values in all aspects. So KOL's recommendation is
reliable to the “fans”. “Fans” will read and like KOLs’ posts. The KAN team will invite KOLs in the
blockchain industry to join the "circle" and also hatch new KOL from the "circle", so as to improve
the quality of community contents and the loyalty of users.

2.3.Decentralized community operation based on smart
contract
In the future, the community function will be based on the smart contract and realize
decentralized governance of the community.
All circles in the community will automatically generate unique smart contract addresses when
they are created, and any transaction flow generated from the circle will be settled through smart
contracts, so as to achieve transparent and open governance. Users who create paid circles,
publish paid content, and publish paid questions will all involve pricing, payment, settlement and
other steps, as well as the collection of fees that closely related to project revenue.
By deploying smart contract, all payments and settlements in any circle will be automatically
executed according to the contract and packaged on the blockchain, and the transaction records
can be queried at any time. The user needs to pay corresponding service fee in the payment and
the deposit, in order to maintain the operation of the platform. The service fee will also be
automatically paid through smart contract in the above process, and the service fee will be part of
the project revenue. This part of revenue is also publicly available in the blockchain, so as to
achieve transparent operation of the project.

9

Decentralized community operation can not only make the community operates openly, but also
can greatly improve the settlement eﬃciency of the community. Smart contracts based on
platform tokens (KAN) will have broader application scenarios in the whole ecology in the future.

2.4.Multi-cryptocurrency exchange engine
Because the variety of digital currency is very diverse now, there are many kinds of
cryptocurrencies held by users. According to Coinmarketcap data, as of January 2018, more than
1,400 kinds of cryptocurrencies are circulating in the market. The payment between diﬀerent
cryptocurrencies often needs to be completed through multiple conversions, and the eﬃciency of
payment is very low. In order to solve the problem of multi-cryptocurrency payment, the team will
simultaneously develop a one-click exchange engine for multiple currencies, which will greatly
improve the payment eﬃciency between diﬀerent cryptocurrencies. The engine can realize multicryptocurrency instant conversion, which can be used in many payment scenarios in the future.
The engine will be first introduced into BITKAN community feature to meet the content payment
requirements in the community. Content composers can set up their own collecting
cryptocurrencies. The content consumers can pay in any cryptocurrency, transactions will
automatically be converted into the cryptocurrencies set by the receiver. The exchange will be
completed in real time.
In cryptocurrency exchange, users need to pay the corresponding service fee. If the user holds
the platform token (KAN), the service fee will be deducted by the platform token (KAN). Platform
holders could get fee discount on the earlier stage of the community initiate.

2.5.Multi-function wallet
The team will upgrade on the BITKAN wallet features and provide users with a more secure and
convenient cryptocurrency wallet service. The upgrading features will include multicryptocurrency support, on-chain and oﬀ-chain wallet conversion, cryptocurrency exchange, etc.
• Multi-cryptocurrency support
Wallet function has now supported BTC, BCH, ETH, DASH and other mainstream
cryptocurrencies. BITKAN team has scheduled more major cryptocurrencies into the development
plan and has launched development of some cryptocurrencies. In the future, the team will
gradually increase the supported cryptocurrencies in accordance with the operating conditions
and user needs.
• On-chain and oﬀ-chain wallet conversion
Wallet is an important function for users to store their cryptocurrency. Asset security is the primary
consideration for the BITKAN team. Meanwhile, in order to meet the needs of user asset
circulation, the wallet function will be designed as on-chain and oﬀ-chain separately storage.
Among them, oﬀ-chain wallet is used to store cryptocurrencies, and on-chain wallet is used for
deposit/withdrawing of the assets. Assets in a single user’s on-chain and oﬀ-chain wallets can be
transferred to each other at any time. The security and circulation of users’ assets will be ensured.
• Cryptocurrency exchange

10

Through the wallet function, users can exchange assets in diﬀerent cryptocurrencies at any time
in the on-chain wallet, and the wallet will deeply integrate the cryptocurrency exchange engine.
Users can complete the exchange by a tap simply.
In the future, the team will continue to develop more practical features according to the
development needs and operation conditions of the project.

2.6.Information encryption module
Information transfer between users in the community can be encrypted as needed. Users can use
platform tokens (KAN) to encrypt the content published within the circle and private messages to
other users. Only authorized users can view the encrypted content. For example, in a privately-set
circle, any content posted in the circle will be encrypted, and only members in the circle have the
permission to read. Peer-to-peer communication between users can also be encrypted, in order
to provide privacy for users.

2.7.Platform development plan
2018 Q1

- Community Incubation
- New users’ introduction
- Ecology abundance

2018 Q2

- Ecosystem Linkage
- Community decentralization
- Enhance the user experience

2018 Q3

- Ecosystem expansion
- Smart community

2018 Q4

- Platform evolution

3. Technical principles
3.1.Revenue distribution mechanism
Token will be issued to pay for the platform's paid contents and service fees. When using the
token for payment, smart contract will be deployed automatically. When users pay for the
contents in the "Circles" and "Query", the revenue can be automatically allocated to content
composers through smart contract.
The smart contracts which are based on blockchain include the functions of message (or an
transaction) processing and information preservation, and the information preservation and status
processing are completed on the blockchain. When a message (or a transaction) is sent to a
smart contract account, the script deployed in the contract will be triggered, the decision
mechanism will be initiated, and one or more new messages (or transactions) will be initiated
based on the outcome of the decision.
The payment revenue distribution mechanism which is based on the blockchain and smart
contract. It uses a smart contract account, which can deploy divisible contract scripts on the
transfer account. When the user initiate a payment, the account will receive the transfer and the

11

smart contract will be triggered. According to the pre-designed ratio, two transfers will be initiated
to transfer the revenue and platform service fee respectively to the content composer’s account
and the platform account.
The smart contract, which is based on the blockchain, is written in the block, and no one can
tamper with it. The revenue distribution conducted in this way can be completely open,
transparent, and maximized to ensure the interests of community participants and contributors.
Income
Composer
Pay
Consumer

SMART CONTRACT
Platform
Fees

4. The team
The KAN core team is led by the BITKAN team. From the founder of communications technology
to the participant of Internet revolution, and then to the forerunner of blockchain technology
innovation, with the solid technical background and unique business vision, BITKAN team has
created the first aggregated information portal in the blockchain industry.

Liu Yang (Leon)
— Chairman of the board of BITKAN
Leon, founder and chairman of the board of BITKAN. As the co-founder, he
led the company team from 4 to 40 people, and got tens of millions of PreA round financing. Successfully created a a product used by over 60% of
industry users, namely, the well-known platform for blockchain: BITKAN, the culture and
product’s advantages of the company have been recognized and approved by the industry
unanimously .
As a technology expert on the blockchain, Leon was invited to attend the Block-chain Seminar of
the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and the DTCC2017 Database Technology
Conference and delivered a keynote speech on the block-chain. And promoted BITKAN as a
sponsor and board member to facilitate the National Federation of Logistics and Purchasing Block-chain Application Branch landing on Shenzhen.

12

Leon, once worked in Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd, served as the minister of wireless R & D and
Innovation Department. When he was the minister of wireless R & D and Innovation Department of
Huawei, as the middle manager, he led a team of 2 thousand people and developed the first batch
of TDLTE (4G) technology in China, which is a leading commercial technology in the world. Is the
network builder of current CDMA2000 (3G, 4G communications technology) in China.
When Leon served as the R & D Minister of Huawei CBSC (CDMA Base Station Control), he
deployed the first CDMA450 technology in China, innovatively proposed a communication
solution for open scenes with sparse population and wide coverage. China’s plan of “all local
villages must be connected” has been realized and the Region of Commonwealth of Independent
States (CIS) has been connected, becoming the key to help Huawei to open overseas markets,
surmounted the CIA, the United States, Japan and other overseas countries. As the pioneer of
Huawei's first agile development practice, he has promoted the practical process of Huawei’s
agile development.

Yu Fang (FANG) — BITKAN CEO
FANG, founder & CEO of BITKAN, brings BITKAN products to the market
from scratch, leads the company and the team to constantly adjust the
strategic rhythm under the premise of focusing on the goal and builds
BITKAN into the TOP1 brand in the industry.
FANG is also a knowledge management practitioner. During her tenure at Huawei, Fang focused
on operation promotion and implementation of the practice community software within the
company. She is rich in practical experience in the enterprise knowledge management product
planning, operation and promotion . Has served as product managers and operation managers of
Huawei, Tencent knowledge management community, and the chief operation of Huawei
knowledge management community. With three years of operation and promotion practice, she
built the community to be the hottest within Huawei;
Fang has participated in Huawei's US military knowledge management consulting project as a
consultant for knowledge management expert to guide the knowledge management practices of
Huawei's frontline R & D management team.

Tang Weihua ( William ) — BITKAN CTO
William is the co-founder and CTO of BITKAN, he has worked for several
start-ups as CTO. He has established a develop team for ground zero. He
is very experienced in technical management.
William used to work in Huawei as a software system architect, in charge

13

of GSM, CDMA core network development.
He also has work experience in UT Starcom, in charge of CDMA, mSwitch and IPTV product
development.

Consultants
Wang Baoming — Founder of Qimingdao
Wang Baoming, a knowledge management practitioner, has extensive
experience in the planning, implementation, operation and promotion of
enterprise knowledge management software. He has been responsible for
the implementation of knowledge management software for many
enterprises such as Huawei, Siemens, COFCO, PetroChina, Shenhua,
Goldwind, ChinaSoft International, etc.
Wang Baoming is also a continuous entrepreneur who has successively founded Qiming
Chuangxiang and Xingzhe Hulian, having rich practical experience in business model, equity
planning, company operation, product development, teamwork and personnel management.
As a product designer, Wang Baoming founded Qimingdao collaborative product, Qiming KMC
knowledge community product, and Sun Xingzhe product, having rich practical experience in
requirements analysis, product planning, prototype design and product implementation.

Li Jianming
—Vice Professor of Dalian University of
Technology
Li Jianming, Vice Professor, Tutor of Doctoral Students and Master
Students of Dalian University Of Technology He graduated from Dalian University of Technology in
1999, received a master's degree in 2002 and a doctorate in computer science in 2007.
Whose fields of focus are: Computer Security, Parallel Computing, Big Data Processing, Software
Robots. Published more than 30 articles of SCI, EI papers in the relevant fields .

Investors
14

Jihan Wu—BITMAIN
CEO of BITMAIN, a well-known bitcoin preacher in the industry. Once
founded the 8BTC with Chang Jia, then founded the mining chip
company, BITMAIN.

Steven Zhu—Lan Qi Venture Capital
Once served as Huawei mobile R & D president, mobile global strategy
and marketing president, is a industry leader with many years of
successful experience ; Created an industry that has achieved $15 billion
in annual sales. Through years of arduous eﬀorts, he has achieved the first
in technology, the first in market size, the first in the number of service users in the highly
competitive mobile communications market. For many years, he committed to the construction of
international standards, and participated in the global mobile communications standards (3GPP,
IEEE, CCSA, NFV forum, etc.)on behalf of Huawei.

Partnership

15

Media partners

5. Token distribution
5.1.KAN tokens
The token to be issued is called “KAN”. A strict limit of 10 billion KAN will be issued, and will
never be increased. KAN will be issued according to the Ethereum ERC 20 standard.
The project team will develop the KAN main blockchain synchronously. We will convert the KAN
tokens to the users who hold the KAN on a ratio of one to one after the main blockchain is online.
Convert details will be announced oﬃcially over time.

5.2.Distribute proportion
The total amount of KAN will be 10 billion, which contains 3 parts: institutional fund-raising, core
team reserved and operating expenses.
45% of the total amount will be raised from institutional investors, mainly towards early investors
and cooperative enterprises;
35% of the total amount of tokens will be used for the operation of this project. This part of the
fund will spend on ecosystem development, legal compliance, marketing and business
development, etc.
20% of the total amount will be reserved for the core team, which will be used for team
stimulation.
Operations fund unlock schedule
Period

Primary release

1st year

Percentage

50%

50%

Quantity

1.75 billion

1.75 billion

16

Core team reserved tokens unlock schedule
Period

Primary release

Percentage
Quantity

1st year

2nd year

3rd year

25%

25%

25%

25%

500 million

500 million

500 million

500 million

The unlock time will be calculated from the oﬃcial release of KAN tokens.

5.3.Revenue sources
KAN's profit comes mainly from the payment fees, exchange fees and membership service fees.
Profit model includes:
KAN Value

Specification

Payment fees

Collects 3% of every payment as service fee.

Exchange fees

The user can directly use the multi-cryptocurrency exchange
feature in BITKAN wallet, which will be charged a certain
percentage for every transaction. (about 0.3%)

Membership fees

Provide member service to the user, and the user can enjoy the
specified service and discount from BITKAN.

Other revenue

Other revenue that base on BitKan's resources.

Membership fee
Users who buy BitKan membership services will be able to receive a certain percentage of KAN
tokens, including but not limited to:

-

Discount for paid content.
The right to read specific content.
Certain circles are restricted to members only.
Other privileges based on the BitKan platform.

5.4.Fees deduction
BITKAN service fees could be deducted and charged by KAN tokens if users hold suﬃcient
balance of KAN tokens in their BITKAN wallet. Fees include but not limit to transaction fees or
deposit fees on BITKAN platform. Deduction rate:

Deduction rate

1st year

2nd year

3rd year

After the 3rd year

50%

25%

12.5%

No deduction

Deduction period will start by the time KAN tokens are oﬃcially issued.

17

5.5.Fund utilization
40% of the issued KAN tokens will be used in the operation of BITKAN. In order to develop the
project rapidly and continuously, this part of the fund will spend on ecosystem development,
marketing and business development.
• Branding and marketing: To build the BITKAN branding image; To attract new users. We will
try to achieve the comprehensive acceptance of BITKAN from the market. Implements include
but not limit to:

-

Advertisements
Online campaigns
Business cooperations
Resources interchange

• Community and user rewards: High quality contents are the most valuable resources for
communities. The ones who create contents, the composers should be rewarded, as well as the
active users whom help contents to spread. Implements include but not limit to:

-

Membership rewards
Outstanding community leaders rewards
Outstanding composers rewards
Active communities rewards
Active users rewards

• Development and maintenance: To develop the BITKAN platform; To ensure the safety and
stability of the projects; To improve user experience.Implements include but not limit to:

- Community feature development
- Wallet feature development
- Underlying technology optimization
• Contingent fund: Prepare for indeterminacy
Usage

Proportion

Community & user rewards

40%

Branding and marketing

30%

Development and maintenance

20%

Contingent fund

10%

18

6. Roadmap

JAN 2018

Release white paper V1.0

FEB 2018

Start developing K Site feature

APR 2018

Release K Site beta
K Site internal test
- Support query
- Support donation
- Support BCH payment

MAY 2018

K Site public test
- Support article payment
- Support ETH and ERC20 token payment
Release K Site V1.0 & KAN wallet
- Support KAN to pay service fees
- Support cross-crypto payment

JUN 2018

Release multi-cryto exchange
- Support multi-cryto exchange by wallet

2ND HALF 2018

Deploy smart contract in K Site
KAN main blockchain online

19

7. Project risk description
Investors should pay attention to the following risks undertaken by the project:

7.1.Compliance and operational risk
Compliance and operational risk refers to the risk that KAN violates local laws and regulations in
the process of raising capital and conducting business, causing the operation can not be
continued.
The risk avoidance approach taken by the operation team for compliance and operational risk is:
In the local where the business is conducted, employ professional lawyers, and design digital
asset distribution, digital asset trading, block-chain finance, block-chain application and other
aspects of business under the legal framework.

7.2.Project market risk
Market risk refers to the risk that Bitkan platform and KAN are not accepted by the market, or do
not have enough users, business development is stagnant, and there is no suﬃcient profit
support.
The risk avoidance approach taken by the operation team for market risk is:
BITKAN platform has been operating more than five years, after many years of operation, it has
accumulated a huge user base. Through the accumulation of operational experience and in-depth
research, the project team has confirmed market demand exists indeed and formulated a set of
scientific solutions to meet the market demand.

7.3.Technical risk
Technology risk refers to the risk that there are major issues with underlying technologies that
cause KAN to fail to perform its intended function and cause critical data has been tampered with
or lost.
The risk avoidance approach taken by the operation team for technical risk is:
• After many years of operation, BITKAN platform has been verified by the market, and a mature
solution has been accumulated in the underlying technology architecture;
• Based on the BITKAN platform, as well as the mature, open source secure the block-chain
technology, KAN has been developed by using an architecture that has been approved and
validated by commercial customers;
• Targetedly attract high-end talent to join in the development team, and constantly improve the
technical architecture.

8. Disclaimer
This document is for informational purposes only and does not constitute any advice on the sale
or purchase of BITKAN's shares or securities.

20

Any such proposals or solicitation will be made under a credible term and subject to applicable
securities laws and other relevant laws. The above information or analysis does not constitute
investment decisions or specific advice.
This document does not constitute any investment advice, investment intention or instigation of
investment in the form of securities.
This document does not constitute or cannot be understood to provide any sale or purchase, nor
any oﬀer to buy or sell securities of any kind, nor is any formal contract or commitment.
The BITKAN team makes it clear that the related intentional user has had a clear understanding of
the risks of the BITKAN Platform and KAN token. Once investors are involved in the investment,
they will be deemed to be aware of and accept the risks of the project and are willing to bear
personal responsibility for any results or consequences.
The BITKAN team expressly disclaims any direct or indirect damages whatsoever from any
participation in the KAN Project including:
1. The economic losses caused by user's trading operation;
2. Any errors, omissions or inaccuracies generated by the individual's understanding;
3. Personal loss caused by transactions of various kinds of digital currencies and any behavior
resulting from it.
KAN token is a token used by BITKAN platform.
KAN token is not a kind of investment.
We cannot guarantee that KAN token will surely add value, while in some cases it has the
possibility of a decrease in value. People who do not properly use their KAN token may lose the
right to use KAN token and may even lose their KAN token.
KAN token is not a kind of ownership or control. Controlling KAN token does not represent
having ownership of products of BITKAN platform or BITKAN. KAN token does not grant any
individual any rights to participate in, control, or make any decisions regarding products of
BITKAN platform or BITKAN.

21

