BitNew-Chain
BTN Tech-White Paper

Next-generation decentralized application platform for
commercial applications
V1.1
18 , March ,2018
th

Overview & Motivation
With the popularity of Bitcoin, entrepreneurs and
developers began to recognize that the blockchain
technology behind Bitcoin has vastly greater potential
than simply as the basis for a new digital currency. Within
just a few years, dozens of new decentralized
applications (Dapps) have been built upon the
blockchain technology, including encrypted messaging
(Bitmessage), decentralized exchanges (Bitshares),
trustless gambling (Peerplays), cloud computing
(Golem), and social media (Steem).
One challenge for Dapp developers in this new
blockchain economy is the difficulty of actually building
a new blockchain application from scratch. In order to
solve this problem, the idea of smart contract platforms
was developed and implemented. Smart contract
platforms, such as Ethereum, can be thought of as
decentralized platforms for developing and running
decentralized applications.
Unfortunately, current smart contract platforms still have
various limitations, such as limited scalability, limited
privacy and high usage fee/gas rates, which seriously
-1-

hinder their widespread adoption. Furthermore, as most
current smart contract platforms lack built-in resource
segregation support, all computing and storage are
performed on-chain, which is prohibitively expensive for
large commercial applications. Governance over
blockchain itself is also chaotic, which makes it
impossible to quickly reach consensus on urgent issues or
updates.
Here we present BitNew-Chain (BTN), a next-generation
decentralized application platform for commercial
applications that addresses all aforementioned
problems. BitNew-Chain (BTN) aims to build a nextgeneration decentralized platform with several key
improvements. BTN is designed with higher scalability, a
more flexible fee/gas model, less storage/computing
constraints, and better governance protocols. All core
functionalities, such as decentralized storage and
computing, are integrated into a unified platform.
Therefore,
commercial
applications
such
as
decentralized games and IoT systems can be built
smoothly using the BTN platform without dependency on
any other third parties, which makes BTN an ideal
platform for Dapps.

-2-

-3-

Figure 1: Overview of BTN SW/HW Structure

Key Design Objectives
As a next-generation decentralized application
platform, BTN is designed to meet the following key
objectives, which are critical for commercial
applications:

Decentralized Application OS
We designed BTN as a highly efficient and customizable
OS
for
decentralized
application.
Leveraging
blockchain and other decentralized techniques, BTN
resolves the most fundamental and time-consuming
parts of decentralized application development,
allowing developers to focus on application scenarios
and customer needs. Based on BTN's core functionality
and standard interface, developers can delivery
commercial Dapps with only hundreds of lines of code.

Decentralized Hardware Support
BTN aims to build a decentralized ecosystem for both
software and hardware. By providing standard interface
and hardware specifications, BTN simplifies the

-5-

development of decentralized hardware, allowing any
partners to produce BTN- compatible hardware.

Scalability
Scalability is always a bottleneck for commercial
applications. Currently Bitcoin can only process nearly 7
transactions per second (TPS). However, commercial
applications such as Uber, AirBnB and Facebook need
to handle tens of millions of daily active users. To support
such real-world scenarios, BTN is built to support millions
of transactions per second with low latency.

Resource Segregation
On-chain storage and computation are expensive for
current smart contract platforms such as Ethereum, as
every full node needs to store blockchain data and
perform computations.
To pursue a balance between security and efficiency,
BTN divides both data and computation into two
categories, namely on-chain and off-chain.
•

Storage: Critical data should be recorded on the
blockchain, which will be downloaded and identified
by all full clients. Non-critical data, such as text and
images, do not need the same level of consensus as
monetary or financial transactions. Thus, non-critical
data can be stored off-chain and referenced by
hash-based content address. BTN provides built-in
-6-

support for such decentralized storage, which allows
users to control the balance between redundancy
and reliability.
•

Computation: Computationally heavy tasks are
prohibitively expensive to run on-chain due to cost
constraints. Similar to a storage system design, BTN
allows users to delegate non-critical expensive
computation off-chain with the help of built-in
verifiable computation support.

Other Features
n

Flexible Transaction Fee Model

Popular web services, such as Google and Facebook,
are free for end users. However, most of current smart
contact platforms require users to pay for the services.
BTN will provide more fee strategies for developers, who
can offer free services for end users to gain more
widespread adoption and usage.

n

Advanced Governance Protocol

Blockchain based techniques are evolving rapidly.
However, the currently chaotic state of governance for
decentralized systems will limit the development of new
technologies. The well-known segwit2x upgrade for
Bitcoin failed due to a
lack of governance protocol.
In fact, many of Bitcoin Improvement Proposals (BIP) will
never be realized due to the same reasons. BTN is
-7-

designed with clearly defined voting and update
mechanisms for feature enhancement and bug fixes.

n

Privacy Enhancement

Bitcoin stores pseudonymous transactions in a public
decentralized ledger, with clear relationships between
the addresses of senders and receivers. It appears to be
totally secure, as the originator of the transaction is
difficult to track because there is no real-world identity
attached to the address. However, much information
can still be deduced through public data, such as web
trackers and cookies. Once the connection between
the pseudonym and real-world individual is made, the
secret is revealed. BTN is designed to provide a higher
level of privacy, building up a truly anonymous
decentralized platform.

n

Cross-Chain Communication

In addition to having a powerful main blockchain, BTN is
also designed to facilitate cross-chain communication
for further extension.

Parameter

BTC

BTN

Confirmation time with
comparable security
under Satoshi
equivalence

10 minutes

3 second

-8-

Minimum confirmation
time for a reversal
probability of 0.1%

20 minutes

4.5 seconds

Max. Transaction per
second

Current average cost for
users for a standard
transaction

3.3 TPS
10000 TPS at launch,
( assuming an
scalable to millions of
average size tx) transactions per
second.
6 cent
No fee for transaction
Adduming
-1.5 TPS

Resource Segregate

NO

(2 blocks)

YES

Figure 2: BTN Cross-Chain Communication Advantage

-9-

BTN Architecture
Two­tier Network
Full nodes are servers running on a P2P network that
allow peers to use them to receive updates about the
events on the network. Full nodes are very important to
the health of the network as they provide clients with the
ability to synchronize and quickly propagate of
messages throughout the network.

To provide better service for the BTN ecosystem, BTN
adopts a two-tier network design. In addition to the main
network (analogous to Ethereum), BTN adds a
secondary network, known as the BTN masternode
network. With economic incentives, BTN masternodes
will have high availability and provide a required level of
service to the BTN network.

- 10 -

Figure 3: BTN Architecture of Two-tier Network

Masternode Network
The masternode network consists of masternodes, which
are full nodes except that they must satisfy the following
requirements to serve as a qualified masternode:
•
•
•
•
•

have a bond of deposit
satisfy BTN hardware specification
provide the decentralized storage service: BTN-FS
provide the decentralized computing service:
BTN-DC
provide the privacy improved transaction service

- 11 -

Figure 4: BTN Masternode Manufacturing Specification

In summary, the node must store 20,000 BTN and provide
required services to clients on the network to run as a
masternode. When active, masternodes are paid in the
form of a dividend in return.
n

Masternode Reward Program

Full nodes require significant amounts of traffic and other
resources that carry substantial costs. As a result, a
steady decrease in the amount of these nodes has been
observed on the Bitcoin network.
To encourage more users to participate in the
masternode network, BTN provides a masternode
reward program which pays approximately 50% of the
total block reward to all masternodes. The reward paid
to each masternode is proportional to its deposit. Each
- 12 -

masternode can deposit at most 0.05% of the total BTN
in circulation, which prevents the centralization of
masternode network. Thus, the masternode reward
program allows the masternodes to pay for the expense
and earn a return on investment.
n

Privacy Improved Transaction

Privacy improved transactions employ a similar strategy
as the DASH Private Send. Privacy improved transactions
utilizes the fact that a transaction can be formed by
multiple parties and made out to multiple parties to
merge funds together in a way where they cannot be
uncoupled thereafter.

Main Network
The BTN main network is a blockchain based network like
Ethereum, which acts as the backbone of the whole
system.

n Consensus Mechanism: Delegated Proof of
Stake (DPoS)
BTN utilizes Delegated Proof of Stake (DPoS) as the
decentralized consensus algorithm, which has shown
promising performance.
In DPoS, token holders elect block producers, who are
responsible and rewarded for generating blocks. The
elected producer will be given an opportunity to

- 13 -

produce blocks proportional to the total votes they have
received. The voting process is continuous, therefore,
producers have an incentive to carry out their function
to the highest standard or they risk losing their votes.
BTN delegates 2N+1 mining nodes. Exactly one producer
is authorized to produce a block at any given point in
time. At the start of each round 2N + 1 unique block
producers are chosen. The top 2N by total approval are
automatically chosen every round and the last producer
is chosen proportional to their number of votes relative
to other producers. The selected producers are shuffled
using a pseudo-random number derived from the block
time.

n

Hybrid Mining

Based on DPoS Consensus Mechanism and Masternode
Reward Program, BTN adopts a hybrid mining
mechanism, namely Delegated Proof of Stake (DPoS) +
Prove of Masternode (PoM). DPoS ensure the efficiency
of the main network while PoM encourage more
masternodes to participate.

n

Economic Model

Unlike Ethereum, BTN utilizes an ownership model like EOS.
Holding BTN tokens gives users a proportional share in
network resources, such as bandwidth, storage, and
processing power. This means that if someone owns 1%
- 14 -

of BTN tokens, they will always have access to 1% of the
network bandwidth, regardless of the load on the rest of
the network.

Furthermore, since the network will have zero transaction
fees, there is no network development cost, except for
the initial purchase of BTN tokens. However, BTN tokens
can of course always be sold in order to reclaim the
initial investment if desired.

Decentralized Storage Subsystem: BTN-FS
BTN has an IPFS-like subsystem (BTN-FS) for decentralized
storage. BTN-FS indexes the data through file content
hash rather than path/url.
The main improvement of BTN-FS over IPFS is the
manipulation of the file reliability. BTN-FS allows the user
to set the reliability requirements of the file based on the
desired balance between redundancy and reliability.
Based on the economic incentives of masternode
reward program, stable and reliable decentralized
storage services will be provided by the masternode
network.

Decentralized Computing Subsystem:
BTN-DC

- 15 -

Similar to BTN-FS, BTN has a TrueBit like subsystem (BTN-DC)
for decentralized computing. BTN-DC has both solvers
and verifiers, which are randomly selected from the
masternode network. Solvers are compensated for
performing computation and verifiers are compensated
for detecting errors in solutions submitted by solvers.
In the event of a challenged solution, the computation
is performed on-chain to decide whether to penalize the
solvers or the verifiers and a security deposit will be
charged from the misbehaving masternodes. BTN-DC
also allows the user to choose the reliability requirements
of the computing.

Turing-complete Virtual Machine: BVM
BTN utilizes a virtual machine independent architecture
for smart contract system. Thus, multiple virtual machines
can be supported and new virtual machines or features
can be added over time as necessary.
Currently, BTN has a two stage plan for BTN Virtual
Machine (BVM) development:
•

The Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) is the de facto
standard for smart contract. Thus, the first version of
BVM is planned to be op-code level compatible with
EVM, allowing existing EVM contracts to run on BVM
with little modification.

- 16 -

•

For further versions, BTN is planned to emulate EVM by
dynamically retargeting EVM opcodes to a subset of
bytecode, which can bring BTN code execution to
performance close to native code and support more
programming languages.

Cross-Chain Technology
In the long term, we believe the cross-chain
communication protocol will converge on one protocol
as there was for IP and HTTP. BTN will switch to that
standard thanks to its easy update feature. Currently,
BTN is designed to support cross-chain communication
with two approaches:

n

Cross-Chain Transaction Validation

Cross-chain transaction validation is achieved by a light
client validation approach. Block headers of
compatible blockchains can be saved in BTN-FS with
high reliability, making it easy to generate proof of
message existence and proof of message sequence.

n

Cross-Chain Token Exchange

Cross-chain token exchange will be implemented using
the atomic swap mechanism. The compatible
blockchains can thus easily exchange tokens with BTN.

- 17 -

Governance
BTN token holders are the network owners and
managers, managing the network through delegating
their rights to block producers. The delegated block
producers are given checked authority to propose hard
forking changes to the underlying protocol or other
administrative operations. With the continuous voting of
BTN holders, if the block producers refuse to make
changes desired by the token holders then they can be
voted out, which guarantee the influence of token
holders.

- 18 -

BTN Eco-system
BTN aims to build a next generation Dapp platform for
commercial applications. Therefore, BTN has proposed
a technical blueprint with commercial applications
instilled throughout the design.
In addition to these advanced techniques, the success
of BTN also relies on widely commercial adoption and a
sustainable ecosystem. We will pursue this goal by
concurrently striving in two directions: open cooperation
and business application.

Open Cooperation
Blockchain is a rapidly evolving field, with new ideas and
techniques emerging on a daily basis. In order to build
one of the best Dapp platforms, BTN will seek
cooperation with the blockchain community, including:

n

Cooperation
with
Blockchain Projects

Other

Leading

- 19 -

Blockchain
techniques are
still under active
development, which needs the collaboration of the
entire community. Thus, BTN treats other blockchain
projects as collaborators instead of just competitors. BTN
will cooperate with other technique-driven projects,
such as QTUM, to accelerate the arrival of the Dapp era.

n

Cooperation with Leading IT Company

Large companies have billions of users and well-built
infrastructure. BTN will actively look for cooperation with
such large companies to achieve synergies and
mutually beneficial relationships.

n

Build an Alliance for BTN Compatible Hardware

To speed up the construction of BTN decentralized
hardware ecosystem, BTN aims to build an alliance for
producing BTN compatible hardware. For example, by
setting the minimum hardware specifications of
masternodes, the performance of the BTN network can
be guaranteed. In addition to producing qualified
hardware with partners by itself, BTN also welcomes
other manufacturers to produce the qualified hardware
to contribute to the BTN ecosystem.

Business Scenario
BTN is intended to ultimately become the OS to support
the next generation of decentralized businesses. With
- 20 -

numerous potential applications, BTN will focus on fields
that may be early adopters of Dapp solutions and help
our partners to build commercial applications.

n

Internet of things

BTN
supports
light
nodes
to
delegate
the
computation/storage heavy tasks to the BTN
masternode network, which reduces the computational
requirements for devices connected to it. Relying on the
BTN network, IoT devices can work without any
centralized servers.

n

Gaming

Gaming is one of the largest industries for the Internet.
Blockchain increases trust and security in the gaming
industry. Blockchain’s decentralized system ensures that
no particular individual or entity has a centralized
advantage at any stage of the gaming process, which
greatly improve the financial transparency. BTN will
provide an ideal platform for decentralized gaming
development.

n

Cloud Resource Sharing

Blockchain technology can also be used to create a
verifiable resource sharing platform, allowing users to
share unused resources. This allows for the creation of a
cloud computing market or distributed CDN, where any
- 21 -

user can participate with their desktop, laptop or
specialized server.

n

Finance

Blockchain has drawn a lot of attention in financial
services industry as it significantly reduces intermediaries
and improves the efficiency. Applications, such as
cross-border payment, supply chain financing and
insurance are all highly attractive fields to be disrupted
by Blockchain.

n

Artificial Intelligence

Blockchain has the potential to transform Artificial
Intelligence (AI). There are many opportunities for
blockchain+AI applications. Projects like the AI
Decentralizded Autonomous Organization (DAO) will
accelerate the development of AI self-upgrading, and
AI may be able to accumulate wealth in the future. BTN
will provide a platform for those blockchain+AI
experiments.

- 22 -

BTN Roadmap
•

2018.02.06

BTN Tech-white paper V1.0 release.

•

2018.03.10

•

2018.03.18

•

2018.05.30

•

2018.08.30

•

2018.09.30

•

2019.03.30

•

2019.06.30

•

2019.09.30

BTN will gain support from first batch
of application developers.
A phase update of BTN main
network，realize to Proof-of-stake
(PoS) mining and smart contract
chain.
Release
BRE21token
Standard.
There will be 2000 full nodes working
on BTN network.
Main network updated to DPoS
and smart contract; Masternode
hardware
specification
plan
release.
Launch first Dhardware, based on
our own smart contract chain.
Realize
cross-chain
communication, including token
exchange and token transaction
validation.
Main network updated to resource
segregation, realize decentralized
computing and storage.
Realize the extension of artificial
Intelligent, explore decentralized
applications of AI.

- 23 -

Summary
BitNew-Chain(BTN) is an innovation based on Satoshi
Nakamoto's Bitcoin concepts. We hope to inherit the
spirit of the Bitcoin Network and build a decentralized
P2P cryptocurrency system and platform for
decentralized applications. BTN will be a decentralized
platform which supports Turing-complete virtual
machine, with better scalability, improved privacy,
advanced consensus and governance mechanisms.

BTN CORE TEAM
CONTACT US: info@btn.org

- 24 -

Reference
1.

Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System

2.

https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Pap
er#mining

3.

https://github.com/dashpay/dash/wiki/Whitepape
r

4.

RSK White paper Overview

5.

https://github.com/EOSIO/Documentation/blob/m
aster/TechnicalWhitePaper.md

6.

http://docs.neo.org/en-us/

7.

https://steemit.com/eos/@trogdor/eos-vs-ethereu
m-for-dummies

8.

https://ethereum.stackexchange.com/questions/1
1589/how-do-oracle-services-work-under-the-hood

9.

https://interledger.org/interledger.pdf

10. https://themerkle.com/what-is-a-hashed-timelockcontract/

- 25 -

11. https://news.coinify.com/blockchain-interesting-g
aming-industry/
12. https://medium.com/@preethikasireddy/fundame
ntal-challenges-with-publicblockchains-253c800e9428
13. http://zerocash-project.org/media/pdf/zerocash-e
xtended-20140518.pdf
14. https://wanchain.org/files/Wanchain-WhitepaperEN-version.pdf
15. Qtum White paper
16. http://dataconomy.com/2016/12/blockchains-forartificial-intelligence/
17. https://www.finyear.com/attachment/690548/
18. https://www.ibm.com/blogs/internet-of-things/iotblockchain-use-cases/
19. https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/understandi
ng-the-lightning-network-part-building-a-bidirectio
nal-payment-channel-1464710791/

- 26 -

