Pangea Jurisdiction
and Pangea Arbitration Token (PAT)

The Internet of Sovereignty

Susanne Tarkowski Tempelhof, Eliott Teissonniere
James Fennell Tempelhof and Dana Edwards
Bitnation, Planet Earth, April 2017

Pangea Jurisdiction
and Pangea Arbitration Token (PAT)
The Internet of Sovereignty
Susanne Tarkowski Tempelhof, Eliott Teissonniere, James Fennell Tempelhof and Dana Edwards
Bitnation, Planet Earth, April 2017

<abstract_
The Pangea software is a Decentralized Opt-In Jurisdiction where Citizens can conduct peerto-peer arbitration and create Nations. Pangea uses the Panthalassa mesh, which is built using
Secure Scuttlebutt (SSB) and Interplanetary File System (IPFS) protocols. This enables Pangea to
be highly resilient and secure, conferring resistance to emergent threats such as high- performance
quantum cryptography. Pangea is blockchain agnostic but uses the Ethereum blockchain for the
time being. In the future, other chains such as Bitcoin, EOS and Tezos can be integrated with
Pangea.
The Pangea Arbitration Token (PAT) is an ERC20 compatible in-app token for the Pangea
Jurisdiction. The PAT token rewards good reputation and is issued on Pangea when Citizens
accumulate non-tradable reputation tokens through creating a contract, successfully completing a
contract or resolving a dispute attached to a contract. PAT is an algorithmic reputation token, an
arbitration currency based on performance rather than purchasing power, popularity or attention.
The distribution mechanism for PAT tokens on Pangea is an autonomous agent, Lucy, which will
initially launch on Ethereum as a smart contract. This mechanism is blockchain agnostic and can
be ported to any viable smart contract platform. An oracle created by Bitnation will help to
facilitate this (semi-) autonomous distribution mechanism in a decentralized and secure fashion.
Keywords: blockchain, self-governance, holacracy, panarchy, reputation,
cryptographic tokens, smart contracts, bitcoin, ethereum, mesh networks,
quantum computing, machine learning

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

2

<contents_
Introduction
I. BITNATION: A Decentralized Borderless Voluntary Nation (DBVN)
II. The Pangea Jurisdiction: The Internet of Sovereignty
III. Pangea Use Cases

Guide to the Whitepaper
1. The Internet of Sovereignty
1.1 Governance 1.0: A Geographical Apartheid
1.2 Governance 2.0: Borderless, Decentralized, Voluntary
1.3 Enter Pangea

2. Pangea Technology
2.1 Evolution of Pangea
2.2 Under the Hood: The Mesh Network
2.3 Lucy AI and the Exocortex
2.4 The IPFS Contract Registry
2.5 Governance Services: DApps and Chatbots

3. Pangea Arbitration Token (PAT)
3.1 Purpose and Design
3.2 Pangea Reputation System: Proof-of-Agreement Token (PoA)
3.3 Pangea Arbitration Token (PAT): Master Token
3.4 Collective Versus Individual: Proof-of-Collective Token (PoC)
3.5 Contracts, Laws and Legal Code: Proof-of-Nomic Token (PoN)

4. Organisation and Token Distribution
4.1 Organization and PAT Distribution
4.2 Pangea Business Model
4.3 PAT Game Theory and Distribution
4.4 Roadmap

5. Resources
5.1 Install Pangea
5.2 About BITNATION
5.3 Join the Community
5.4 Documentation

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

3

<Introduction_
I. BITNATION Organization: A Decentralized Borderless
Voluntary Nation (DBVN)

FIGURE 1: THE EVOLUTION OF GOVERNANCE (JOHAN NYGREN, 2016)

“Every citizen is sovereign and has the right to self-determination and is
at liberty to choose any form of expression or way to be human or
posthuman and with whom to associate and cooperate.”
Bitnation Constitution, Article 6

Bitnation’s vision is a global free market for governance services. A post-Nation State
world of Voluntary Nations, City States and Autonomous Communities which compete for
Citizens by providing a range of opt-in governance services. In our world sovereignty shifts
decisively from the State to the Citizen, and humanity reclaims freedom of choice when
accessing governance services.
This vision sharply contrasts with the current world order, where Citizens are forced to compete
with one another to receive their desired governance outcomes - a process that often leads to
violence and conflict. In Bitnation’s world, you can become a Citizen of any Nation through a
smartphone application. Competition for Citizens drives down costs and improves the quality of
services. In a Bitnation future there is little incentive for violence because every one of us is a
potential customer.
Bitnation is the proof-of-concept Decentralized Borderless Voluntary Nation (DBVN). We are
an open source movement, and anyone can build their own DBVN on Bitnation Genesis.

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

4

Already over 200 new Nations have been registered. We have over 100 Embassies, and
Consulates, over 10,000 Citizens on all five continents, and a dynamic community of 2,000+
contributors. We offer a range of services in-house or in partnership with other providers:

1.

The Bitnation blockchain Public Notary is being used for a wide range of purposes - marriages,
wills, birth certificates, company registration, land titles, freelance agreements, loan
agreements, etc;

2.

The Bitnation Refugee Emergency Response (BRER) provides a blockchain ID for stateless
people. BRER’s software won the Grand Prix and Award for Best Idea at the UNESCO
NETEXPLO 2017;

3.

Partnerships with third party governance service providers such as Exosphere Education
Program, SpaceChain’s open source space hardware and software program, resilience.me basic
income protocol, and Dragonfly’s physical security service;

4.

Bitnation organized the world’s first Blockchain Marriage and World Citizenship ID,
Blockchain Land Title, Birth Certificate and Refugee Emergency ID during 2014 and 2015.

5.

In 2016 Bitnation, recorded the world’s first DBVN Constitution on the Ethereum blockchain
and has since set up a resource center for other aspiring DBVN creators.

6.

The Pangea Jurisdiction which has been in development since 2015, and is currently on version
0.3, is built on IPFS, SSB and Ethereum. Two previous iterations have been released in the past,
the first one using the Horizon chain, and the second one based on the SSB “gossip” protocol.

The core function of any nation is to protect its citizens and their assets through an enforceable
jurisdiction (the practical authority to administer justice within a defined area of responsibility).
Security and justice ensure that our assets, including our bodies, are safe from violence and
dispossession. Increasingly security and justice are merging as more of our assets become digital.

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

5

II. The Pangea Jurisdiction: The Internet of
Sovereignty
“Our operating system, as operating systems will, has become buggy,
strained, and outdated. Not only are people becoming weary of a system
designed to pit people against each other with a crude majoritarian
calculus, but new systems are being developed to accommodate phase
transition. Indeed, some of these systems don’t require the permission of
authorities. They arise from technologically connected people.”
Max Borders (2017). Director of Idea Accounts and Creative Development for
Emergent Order

In the Pangea Jurisdiction, Citizens are able to make peer-to-peer agreements,
resolve disputes, and access governance services from DBVNs using the legal code
of their preference. In addition, Pangea provides core infrastructure for other
Voluntary Nations. That means Pangea serves as a decentralized jurisdiction on
which Voluntary Nations can be created, joined and lived-in.
The Pangea Arbitration Token (PAT) master token, together with the three nontradable reputation sub-tokens, forms a financial incentive network on Pangea. User
reputation is calculated by the autonomous agent Lucy to remove human bias and
prevent reputation scores becoming attention or popularity contests. Reputation for
individual laws and whole legal codes is assessed using human feedback loops
similar to Airbnb and eBay. PAT encourages contract compliance, dispute resolution
and nomic evolution of digital laws.

III. Pangea Use Cases
<create your own nation_
DBVN is derived from the term Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO), coined by
Larimer and Buterin in 20131. The DBVN term first appeared in the original Bitnation
Whitepaper of 2014. A DBVN is defined as:
●

Decentralized: Decentralization is the process of redistributing or dispersing functions,
powers, people or things away from a central location or authority. In the realm of a
DBVN, decentralization translates into both technological and human decentralization through
the use of P2P (Peer-to-Peer) technology, modular interfaces, API (Applications Programming

1 In 2013, Stan Larimer discussed the concept of a decentralized anonymous corporation. Vitalik Buterin,cited Larimer's earlier work and used the terminology of
"decentralized autonomous organization" (DAO).

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

6

Interface) layers, and forkable (duplicated) code. This means that every user can become its
own node and transform the platform to their own liking. Decentralization also means not
having any single point of failure in the event of an attack. Human nodes should be able to
reorganize themselves in resilient nodes no matter what part of the network comes under attack
- be it human or other technological factors. In practice, this means that various clusters,
regional or otherwise, are entirely autonomous.

●

Borderless: DBVNs do not limit their services to any specific geographical area, ethnicity or
other category of populations. They have no borders or ports of entry: no land boundaries,
airports, coastlines, or seaports. DBVNs provide services to all areas, regardless of where it is
geographically located. Some would claim that a DBVN is ‘virtual’ by design. Although
virtual-by-design is an intuitive assumption, a DVBN does not have to be based entirely in the
virtual world and neither does its services.

●

Voluntary: DBVNs do not use force, fraud, or coercion, nor do they subject their citizens
to involuntary servitude, peonage, debt bondage, or slavery. Due to the fact that DBVNs are
voluntary in nature, they are inherently free of persecution, intimidation, reprisals, and
other forms of systematic violence. DBVNs compete in a free market where customers, the
“citizens” of the platform, voluntarily choose which DBVNs they want to use. Citizens may
opt to use several DBVNs, none at all, or create their own DBVN.

●

Nation: A Nation is a large group of people who share a common language, culture,
ethnicity, descent, or history. In the case of DBVNs it is likely that people would be as
connected through mutual interests and goals as they would be connected by more traditional
commonalities such as culture and language. A nation is a voluntary formation rather than a
governing entity (i.e. a state). We provide the tools for governance but do not impose them, nor
do we impose any specific code of law or regulations.

<peer to peer contracts_
Imagine being able to make complex legal agreements at ease from your smartphone, through a userfriendly chat interface, similar to WeChat, Signal, WhatsApp, or Facebook Messenger, but without
the time, costs and bureaucracy of public notaries, lawyers and regulators. And if a dispute arises,
you can select the arbitrator of your choice on a free market for arbitration, depending on your budget
and preference, the same way you would choose a rental apartment on Airbnb or a vendor on eBay.
Examples of Agreements and Dispute Resolution:
●

<enter Pangea_

Business Agreements: Imagine being a freelance in Brazil, assisting a UK based Bitcoin

bitnation.co

7

Exchange to translate their website into Brazilian Portuguese. Until now there has not been a
practical jurisdiction for these kinds of international, online agreements. Pangea providesan
easy way to draw up a contract peer-to-peer, resolve any disputes that may arise, and
incentivize contract compliance through the reputation system.
●

Private Agreements and Essential Records: In Uganda, Iran, Chechnya and many other
countries, being homosexual results in prosecution by the government. However, a gay or
lesbian couple might still want to engage in a legal union in order to protect their assets, by
tying their union to ownership records of, for instance, their land ownership titles, mutual
savings wallets, wills and child care contracts. They can do so on Pangea.

●

Market for Freelance Arbitrators, Smart Contracts and Laws: Anyone can sign up as
an arbitrator on Pangea and offer arbitration and mediation services. You could be a Wall
Street lawyer offering to arbitrate complex mergers and acquisitions cases or a car motor
dealer offering to resolve second hand car sales disputes. Each arbitrator sets their own fee
rate and availability, and describes their experience and expertise, and the code of laws and
jurisdictions they know. Citizens entering into contracts can choose arbitrators based on price,
reputation and expertise.

FIGURE 2: USING PANGEA FOR PEER-TO-PEER CONTRACTS AND ARBITRATION

At a later stage, Pangea will evolve into a marketplace for smart contracts, and legal professionals
and developers will be rewarded for creating, auditing and improving smart contracts.

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

8

<Guide to the Whitepaper_
Our whitepaper is targeted at our current community, future users of our technology, PAT
purchasers and other contributors and stakeholders. It is divided into five sections which can be
read together or in isolation:
1.

The Internet of Sovereignty: explains why opt-in governance is necessary to enable
humankind to peacefully prosper and how Bitnation makes this possible with the Pangea
software.

2.

The Pangea Technology: provides an overview of our Pangea Jurisdiction software
architecture, technology and features.

3.

Pangea Arbitration Token (PAT): details the design and purpose of the Pangea Arbitration
Token and describes how it powers the Pangea Jurisdiction.

4.

Organization and Token Distribution: describes Bitnation’s holacratic structure, decision
making mechanism, business model, token sale event and development roadmap.

5.

Resources: gives instructions for downloading and installing the Pangea pre-Alpha and
links to additional resources.

Following our holacratic governance structure and open source principles, our paper was drafted
by Bitnation’s Founder Susanne Tarkowski Tempelhof, supported by Bitnation core contributors
and then shared for comments from our community for several months as a Google document,
via our communications channels. Our mission is urgent - to free humankind from the oppression
and sanction of pooled sovereignty and geographical apartheid and the xenophobia and violence
that is nurtured by the Nation State oligopoly. Our whitepaper is a living document and intended
to evolve with input from our ever-growing community. Since our formation in 2014, we have
undertaken extensive research into decentralized governance modalities, intentional communities
and the market for online legal services. Our founder and core contributors have direct experience
of the many conflicts and wars fostered by the current governance model. This research and
experience informs our direction and sure purpose - to build a world in which everyone is sovereign
and in which a million voluntary nations may bloom.
Bitnation is a well-developed project with substantial support and technology behind it. The Pangea
software is the product of 100,000+ lines of code and over three years of design, research,
testing and development.

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

9

1. <The Internet of Sovereignty_
1.1 Governance 1.0: A Geographical Apartheid
“The novelty of the coming politics is that it will no longer be a
struggle for the conquest or control of the State, but a struggle between
the State and humanity, an insurmountable disjunction between whatever
singularity and the State organization.”
Giorgio Agamben, Political Philosopher3

Governments with territorial monopolies have been the rule through much of human history,
their borders determined largely by the reach of their weapons technology. Since people within a
City State, Kingdom or Nation State traditionally have shared culture, history, language and values,
with little means of communicating outside their own communities, cohesion around narratives of
shared experience or values has been relatively easy for governments to “sell” to people in an effort
to maintain power over the population.

FIGURE 3: EVOLUTION OF SOCIAL ORGANISATION

Governance has also historically reflected evolutions in technology. The invention of survey
methods and navigable maps in Europe during the 16th century created the technology for
accurately fixing territorial borders4. Soon afterwards, the Treaty of Westphalia (1648) established
the Nation State as the standard for governance in Europe.
The concept spread globally as nationalism during the 19th Century, with catastrophic outcomes
for people during the first half of the 20th Century. After World War Two, the nation state was
3 Giorgio Agamben, Giorgio and Michael Hardt (Translator). Coming Community (1993). University of Minnesota Press.
4 Mercator, Frisius, Deventer et. al

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

10

ossified in International Law as the only permissible sovereign governance entity and by the end
of the century had completely supplanted colonial empires and unincorporated territories, creating
a global oligopoly on governance and claiming nearly every square meter of habitable space.
Yet not all nations are territorial and many people are arbitrarily excluded or forced to live on the
fringes of this system. A number of networked societies have retained non-territorial national
identities through history, such as the Jews and Romany peoples of Europe, aboriginal peoples of
North America and Australia and political and economic migrants and refugees everywhere5.
As the Nation States closed in these populations have become ever more subject to persecution.
While the defined borders and cultural cohesion of the Nation State provided some relief from the
violence of imperial wars after 1945, in our own era the borders themselves continue to be a
perpetual source of conflict, instability, xenophobia and exclusion, and contribute to arbitrary
economic and social impediments to prosperity worldwide.
Technological advancements over the past 70 years have not translated into governance evolutions
towards a networked society. The Nation State oligopoly established after World War Two remains
uncontested. Yet state monopolies are increasingly incompatible with our ever more interconnected
lives. In the USA, for example, public trust in government has dramatically collapsed since the
millennium, a trend which has global resonances6.

FIGURE 4: THE COLLAPSE IN TRUST IN GOVERNMENT

5 To this category could be added the Zoroastrians in Iran and south-Asia, the Coptic Christians in the Middle East, Berbers in North Africa and many others
worldwide. In Africa and Southeast Asia most pre-colonial kingdoms were at best very loosely territorially bounded.
6 Pew Research Center 2017 http://www.people-press.org/2017/05/03/public-trust-in-government-1958-2017/

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

11

Increasingly the Nation State7 oligopoly represents an anachronistic geographical apartheid8.
Recent attempts to limit freedom of movement by the US and UK governments, the EU and
other states fly in the face of a rapidly globalizing economy, upon which more and more people are
dependent for their livelihoods.
State monopolies on governance services are also impractical and dangerous. Nation State
governments are simultaneously incapable of comprehending and addressing the complexities of
a networked world and responding to the diverse and localized needs of their citizenry and, as a
consequence, are spectacularly failing to address both our local needs and our global challenges.
Social mobility is slowing, economic inequality increasing, perpetual war is causing massive
population displacement and climate change is degrading lives and livelihoods and damaging our
planet. Radical politics are often expressed as xenophobia and violent nihilism and the Nation State
is becoming increasingly intrusive and using technology and regulation punitively in a desperate
attempt to regain the initiative from globalization and take control of every moment in our lives.
So far, the only alternative to Nation State sovereignty actively explored is global or multilateral
governance, where Nation States pool our sovereignty to address wider issues through institutions
such as the United Nations and European Union. These processes are homogenizing, assuming
that a single authority is required to make the best decisions for people as a whole.
Global governance models contain within them the seeds of perpetual conflict. Even if
democratically governed, a worldwide tyranny of the majority will leave many billions disaffected
and the monolithic global state will increasingly need to use coercion to enforce its policy on this
vast minority of unwilling citizens.
Global governance distances agency even further from the individual, reduces rather than enhances
personal sovereignty and limits the choices we can make about how we live our lives. Most
importantly, global governance takes no account of humanity's vital quality - its kaleidoscopic
creativity and endless ability to reinvent itself in new and innovative ways to suit
specific circumstances.

7 The principle of state sovereignty underlies the modern international system of states. The origins of this system are often traced in scholarly and popular
literature to the Peace of Westphalia, signed in 1648, which ended the Thirty Years' War in Europe.
8 Wender, Andrew Looking Beyond the Westphalian Nation-State: Challenging the Modernist Vision of History with Alternative Political Orders and Worldviews,
2015. http://www.telospress.com/looking-beyond-the-westphalian-nation-state/

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

12

1.2 Governance 2.0: Borderless, Decentralised,
Voluntary
“Happiness and contentment, equability of mind and meaningfulness of life
– these can be experienced only by the individual and not by a State,
which, on the one hand, is nothing but a convention agreed to by
independent individuals, and on the other, continually threatens to
paralyze and suppress the individual.”
Carl Gustav Jung (1957), Psychologist

An alternative model of global governance has been identified within the natural world and
ungoverned areas of human agency where, despite a lack of hierarchy and centralized decisionmaking, order and balance emerge in complex systems. These emergent structures are highly
efficient patterns that develop from the collective actions of many individuals and entities.
Emergent structures flow from the interaction of each entity with its immediate surroundings
causing a complex chain of processes that can lead to order. Unplanned cities such as Manchester
and Los Angeles demonstrate these patterns, as do natural phenomenon such as the ecology of
communal insects and birds and the formation of crystalline structures like snowflakes.
Out of this science has come governance models of swarm and holacratic organizations as practiced
by the Pirate Party for example. These are not amorphous clouds of equals where nobody gets
decision-making power, but neither are they traditional hierarchical organizations where
commands are issued top-down and people are expected to follow them.
Like Bitnation, these organizations are set up by one or a few individuals to enable tens of
thousands of people to cooperate on a common goal in their life. As such, the members of these
singularities are usually vastly diverse and come from all walks of life but share one common goal.
The framework allows these thousands of people to form a swarm around it and start changing the
world together through action rather than voice alone.
In a typical Voluntary Nation created on Pangea, for example, people inspire one another across
all social and cultural milieu and geographies with the only singularity being the overall goals of
the Nation that each Citizen chooses to follow. These new forms of governance can have any
legal framework, economic model or decision-making mechanism promoted by their founders or
managers with the only guiding principle being that Citizens retain their personal sovereignty at all
times and voluntarily join and leave the Nations. Thus, anyone can opt-in or opt-out of a Voluntary
Nation, and the Nations are required to compete with one another for Citizen patronage.
Yet these organizational models can only outcompete Westphalian state sovereignty10 if they can
provide credible alternatives to the Nation State’s raison d’etre, the provision of security and
9 C. G. Jung. The Undiscovered Self (1957), Routledge

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

13

justice11. Voluntary Nations must provide better, more secure, faster, cheaper and peer-to-peer
alternatives for these services. In other words, the global Westphalian oligopoly needs competition
from decentralized, borderless and voluntary jurisdictions. Through this process the Nation State
will become increasingly irrelevant to our everyday lives12.
The time is right for every one of us to reclaim our sovereignty and build a positive future
through decentralized governance. Enter Pangea.

1.3 Enter Pangea: The Internet of Sovereignty
“The end of law is not to abolish or restrain, but to preserve and
enlarge freedom.”
John Locke, Philosopher

After 400 years of increasingly centralized governance, the web 3.0 technological revolution is
making opt-in governance a real possibility. Bitnation’s DBVN is a peer alternative to territorial
nation states in the same way that the Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO) is an
alternative to conventional organizations1314.
Bitnation is not only the world’s first DBVN, it is also the organization building the Pangea:
software infrastructure for Voluntary Nations. Pangea is both a jurisdiction for DBVNs, and the
platform on which new DBVNs can be built and joined, and through which governance services
can be accessed. DBVN Citizens voluntarily opt-in to the set of rules established in each Voluntary
Nation they join using Pangea. In the case of Bitnation this requires the creation of an account
on Pangea and adherence to our Constitution.15
Pangea’s raison d'etre is Jurisdiction as a Service (JaaS). Free market arbitration paves the way for
humanity to reclaim personal sovereignty and return to peer-to-peer transactions. Pangea increases
individual autonomy and enhances collective governance service delivery systems by leveraging
existing decentralized encryption tools and technologies. Wikipedia defines a jurisdiction as the
practical authority granted to a legal body to administer justice within a defined area

10 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Westphalian_sovereignty
11 Nozick, Robert. Anarchy, State, and Utopia, Basic Books 1974
12Tarkowski Tempelhof, Susanne, RT Keiser Report 2015. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3Nkol6MGVo
13 The term DBVN was coined by BINATION founder Susanne Tarkowski Tempelhof in 2014 and the structure and technology is elaborated in the initial
Bitnation White Paper and Github repository
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1r_VqWrKQw07E06XAtMv_cZnFyBZma4PFTBJpM5GuzbA/edit
https://github.com/Bit-Nation/Bitnation-Constitution
14 A decentralized autonomous organization (DAO), sometimes labeled a decentralized autonomous corporation (DAC), is an organization that is run through
rules encoded as smart contracts. A DAO's financial transaction record and program rules are maintained on a blockchain. There are a growing number of
examples of this business model.
15 https://bitnation.co/

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

14

of responsibility16. Pangea’s decentralized jurisdiction addresses all four core elements of the
administration of justice:

<codes of law_
●

On Pangea users can write smart contracts in chat which refer to an existing code of
law (e.g. Common Law, Sharia Law, UNIDROIT, or Civil Code) or upload their own
laws or a template smart contract containing bespoke rules to govern agreements.

<mediation and arbitration_
●

Pangea manages the dispute resolution process for agreements made on the platform;

●

Users choose human arbitrator(s) or dispute resolution DApps offering methods such
as crowd juries.

<incentivization, deterrent and enforcement_
●

The token-driven reputation system provides incentives for contract compliance (rather
than the threat of prison, for instance) and to ensure nomic evolution of smart contract
rulesets (digital law);

●

Multi-signature escrow functions can hold mutual assets related to contract agreements
(money, tokenized land titles, car assets, etc) until an agreement is successfully
completed.

<defined area of responsibility_
●

The Pangea Jurisdiction Application allows DBVNs and P2P agreements to be created
with clearly defined limits to which the organizations and individuals their rules apply.

Digital and analog are not the same with regard to rule enforcement. In digital space, everything
must be quantified in order to be computable. As a result, the Pangea jurisdiction relies on
reputation (automated and human scores, ratings, collaborative filtering, and digital representations
of sentiment, opinion and thought) to incentivize opt-in contractual rule compliance and decide
which peers, Nations, service providers and arbitrators receive a favorable rating.
The Pangea blockchain jurisdiction uses an evolutionary method of rule generation. The best set
of rules in the form of smart contracts developed on Pangea will rise to the top and become
recommended for continued use by Citizens based on reputation scores generated by informed

16 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jurisdiction

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

15

users, developers and auditors. A specific PAT sub-token is created for rating smart contracts for
this purpose and through the use of IPFS, an Oracle and an autonomous agent (Lucy) Pangea
will be able to semi-autonomously distribute reputation to smart contracts based on performance
(fitness). Through this process a body of rules (smart contracts) suited for various purposes will
emerge in the Pangea jurisdiction and evolve through use to best serve Citizens’ needs17 as an
optional standard format for Citizens.

<Bitnation history from 2014-2017_

17 This element was first developed by Bitnation contributor Dana Edwards and the full paper can be read here:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l00egk-PyNIE4-kHZwFGA-asIB_rsIRwtbMPDZ0JYJ8/edit

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

16

2. <Pangea Technology_
“A phase change is coming. Virtual communities are in their ascendancy,
displacing conventional notions of nationhood. Geographic proximity is no
longer as important as it once was.”
Timothy C. May (1994), Futurist

Pangea is a decentralized jurisdiction for the peer-to-peer creation of voluntary nations and making
and arbitrating solemn agreements. The Pangea frontend is built as an intuitive mobile chat
application, while the backend is a mesh network which can be configured to communicate with
any blockchain to create and execute smart contracts. On Pangea users, arbitrators and smart
contracts can build reputation and are rewarded for fulfilling contracts and resolving disputes
with Pangea Arbitration Tokens (PAT).

FIGURE 5: PANGEA PLATFORM VISION

2.1 Evolution of Pangea
Pangea 0.1 on Horizon: The very first iteration of Pangea was built on the Horizon blockchain
in 2015. Horizon is a fork of NXT that allows for greater on-chain storage. After building and
releasing the first version, market analysis suggested that in the future peer-to-peer contracts
are most likely to achieve mass adoption through chat applications. We also understood that a
blockchain-based communications protocol would be too slow and expensive to use to be
practicable. At that point our design focus switched to a mobile-first chat platform based on a
decentralized communication protocol which could be configured to interact with blockchains.

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

17

Pangea 0.2 on Secure Scuttlebutt (SSB): Pangea 0.2 was built in 2016 using code from the
open source mesh network communications protocol SSB. The ingenious SSB design allows the
user to carry around their own data, rather than trusting it to centralized servers - as is currently the
case with WhatsApp, Signal, and Facebook Messenger, for example. SSB both provides
remarkable resilience and allows users to operate without access to an internet connection - through
mesh networks, sneakernets and gossip protocols. Imagine the possibilities for places with limited
or no access to a working internet connection. Yet while 0.2 enabled us to demonstrate our chatbased concept, it was clear that we needed greater storage functionality to build Pangea.
Pangea 0.3 on Panthalassa: The third iteration of Pangea has been developed in 2017 on
Bitnation’s own mesh network, Panthalassa. While 0.3 borrows from the philosophy of SSB’s
gossip protocol, it is much easier to use, no longer requiring users to create full nodes and download
message chains. 0.3 also has increased data storage and manipulation capacity as it is implemented
on the Interplanetary File System (IPFS) distributed web protocol and incorporates an Ethereum
geth_node to enable smart contracts created on Pangea to be written to a blockchain. Quantum
resistant encryption is being added to future-proof user security. The new Pangea 0.3 frontend is
a mobile first chat application with embedded Ethereum smart contract
functionalities (and the ability to switch between other blockchains).

2.2 Under the Hood
“Our identities have no bodies, so, unlike you, we cannot
obtain order by physical coercion. We believe that from
ethics, enlightened self-interest, and the commonwealth, our
governance will emerge.”
John Perry Barlow, Cyberlibertarian (1996)

All agreements and contracts begin with a conversation between Citizens and
smartphone chat applications such as WeChat, and WhatsApp are increasingly
becoming the go-to tool for conducting business everywhere, but especially in
emerging markets. For those reasons, we are convinced that our jurisdiction needs
a chat interface. This is implemented through Pangea’s core communications
protocol backend and mobile first frontend18.
Panthalassa is the mesh-network backend software developed by Bitnation.
Citizens can use the Pangea application to chat with each other, share files,
write and sign smart contracts, acquire reputation, trade, create new nations and

18 Panthalassa is the prehistoric ocean that surrounded the Pangean landmass https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panthalassa

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

18

organizations and interact with nations and governance service providers. Pangea is inspired and
builds on the Secure Scuttlebutt (SSB) philosophy and draws on the Interplanetary File System
(IPFS) distributed web. Compared to SSB, our backend has increased decentralization and adds
Pangea specific features such as smart contract functionalities and a quantum-safe encryption
algorithm.
Unlike blockchains, Panthalassa is designed for many different yet synchronized implementations.
The goal is to provide users with a secure communications mesh network from which smart
contracts can be written to the Ethereum blockchain via an integral geth_node1920, a light external
node which removes the requirement for users to run a full node and sync the whole message
chain, further improving usability. Panthalassa is constructed as a delay tolerant network (DTN)21
to allow users to have full functionality even if their internet connection is intermittent.

FIGURE 6: PANGEA SYSTEM ARCHITECTURE

As emerging quantum computers will make RSA and elliptic curve encryption irrelevant, the DTN
is designed as a quantum- safe protocol, enabling Citizens to send ephemeral messages22 and
providing them with forward secrecy.23 To build Panthalassa we have developed new code
and reused some work from other open source projects:

19A mesh network is a network topology in which each node relays data for the network. All mesh nodes cooperate in the distribution of data in the network. It
can be applied to both wired and wireless networks. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mesh_networking
20 geth is the the command line interface for running a full ethereum node implemented in Go.
21 Delay-tolerant networking (DTN) is an approach to computer network architecture that seeks to address the technical issues in heterogeneous networks that
may lack continuous network connectivity. Examples of such networks are those operating in mobile or extreme terrestrial environments, or planned networks in
space.
22 Messages which are not permanently stored by the network.
23As of 2017, the development of actual quantum computers is still in its infancy, but experiments have been carried out in which quantum computational
operations were executed on a very small number of quantum bits. Both practical and theoretical research continues, and many national governments and
military agencies are funding quantum computing research in an effort to develop quantum computers for civilian, business, trade, environmental and national
security purposes, such as cryptanalysis. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_computing

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

19

●

The SSB network is using a gossip protocol and its main ideas have been reused. Panthalassa
uses the gossip protocol to allow Citizens to communicate in an isolated network (such as a
home network) and synchronize with the main network later. We intend to implement SSB’s
offline data replication functionalities.

●

SSB has been one of the first projects to let users choose which cryptographic algorithm
they want to use and to retain interoperability we have kept this idea.

●

The IPFS project is the most advanced file sharing network and the main foundations of
its BitSwap protocol and DAG have been reused.

FIGURE 7. THE PANTHALASSA MESH NETWORK

While Pangea 0.3 has been built to write smart contracts to Ethereum, the network is blockchain
agnostic and will provide users with a way to choose which chain they want to use. Once Polkadot
or a similar protocol is integrated, citizens will be able to use the blockchain they want, in an
interoperable way. Until a better language achieves mainstream availability, smart contracts will
be written in Solidity. Bitcoin will be integrated through the Rootstock protocol which also uses
Solidity. Emerging chains such as Tezos and EOS and post-blockchain technologies like Tangle
and Bitlattice are future options that might be integrated along with other more secure alternative
contract languages.
The Panthalassa prototype is developed in Golang, which is a memory safe language developed by
Google. Go allows us to rapidly develop a safe working implementation24. The Pangea
24 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Go_(programming_language)

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

20

frontend uses ReactJS, which permits the development of a responsive interface, emphasizing our
mobile first approach. This choice was also driven by the size of the JS community and that many
Bitnation contributors are familiar with JS, and prefer it to other languages25. Bitnation will
render the core to other languages to encourage alternative protocol implementations in JSReact,
C++ and Rust - similar to the Ethereum26 approach.

FIGURE 8: PANTHALASSA GOSSIP PROTOCOL

2.3 Reputation: Lucy AI and the Exocortex
“If you think that moral reasoning is something we do to figure out the
truth, you’ll be constantly frustrated by how foolish, biased, and
illogical people become when they disagree with you.”
Jonathan Haidt, Social Psychologist

Nation State jurisdictions rely upon coercion as an enforcement mechanism. Punitive measures
such as dispossession and incarceration are used to ensure compliance with rules and agreements.
In contrast, on Pangea dispute resolution and cooperation are incentivized. Rewards are provided
in the form of reputation, scores or ratings which Citizens, Arbitrators, Governance Services
Providers, Nations, Smart Contracts and Codes of Law accumulate and which can be searched
by others on the platform.

25 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/React_(JavaScript_library)
26 https://www.ethereum.org/foundation

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

21

To make this work on Pangea, we require the ability to rate every component in the system through
a secure (and pseudo-anonymous) feedback mechanism.
Thus, Pangea ensures:
1.

Every smart contract has a reputation rating, a set of metrics which are community determined
to represent fitness. This functions as the community standard for quality control.

2.

Every entity on Pangea has a reputation score, whether it is an organization, a human, AI,
or something in between.

3.

Every Citizen will have followable lists (this enables stigmergy by producing trails). Samir
follows the list of Edmund, then Edmund follows the list of Alicia, etc.

Each component is rated, either by AI (against performance criteria) or by Citizens, and every
Citizen can follow other Citizens, follow and rate Arbitrators, Nations or Holons and Smart
Contracts continuously, and in real time. Citizens, Nations, Arbitrators and Smart Contracts
themselves are rewarded with non-tradable tokens based upon performance. Accumulated
reputation is then rewarded with tradable Pangea Arbitration Tokens (PAT).
PAT are released onto Pangea by the Bitnation DBVN. The distribution mechanism for PAT tokens
on Pangea is an autonomous agent, Lucy27, which will initially launch on Ethereum as a smart
contract. A computational oracle will help to facilitate this autonomous distribution mechanism in
a decentralized and secure fashion. Lucy is tasked to read contract performance information stored
in .txt files on IPFS. This will inform both reputation token distribution and PAT rewards to users
using a multi-signature oracle28.
This mechanism will be blockchain agnostic and can be ported to any viable smart contract platform
in the future. Lucy intends to evolve o v e r t i m e into our Exocortex (an external “memory”
for Pangea)29, in combination with the contract registry, and be further empowered by distributed
cloud computing platforms such as iEx.ec or Golem.
Although all rewards and transaction fees on Pangea are paid or received in PAT, the Pangea
wallet aims to integrate as many currencies as possible in order to let Citizens choose a
conversion if they prefer to receive rewards and pay for services in other currencies. Particular
effort will be placed on adding privacy-centric currencies including, but not limited to, DASH,
Monero and Zcash.

27 Lucy was the name given to the hominin female fossilised skeleton discovered by Donald Johnson, Mary Leakey and Yves Coppens in Kenya in 1971. At
the time, she was the earliest known human ancestor. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucy_(Australopithecus)
28 In complexity theory and computability theory, an oracle machine is an abstract machine used to study decision problems. It can be visualized as a Turing
machine with a black box, called an oracle, which is able to solve certain decision problems in a single operation. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oracle_mach
29 An exocortex is a hypothetical artificial external information processing system that would augment a brain's biological high-level cognitive processes.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exocortex

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

22

2.4 The IPFS Contract Registry
“Whatever we call reality, it is revealed to us only through the active
construction in which we participate.”
Ilya Prigogine, Complex Systems Theorist and Nobel Laureate30

Panthalassa uses IPFS to store and search smart contracts, legal codes and more. A registry
specifically designed for smart contracts and codes of law has been developed which supports
Pangea’s ability to rate contracts with proof-of-nomic reputation sub-tokens. This process creates
the context in which Nomic Laws can evolve on the platform (i.e. a set of laws that are updated
on usability criteria).
IPFS does not have native encryption functionality. If there are smart contracts or pending disputes
which must remain confidential, Panthalassa uses another layer to automate the process of
encrypting confidential documents.
One method is to set a multisig requirement for access to the documents or evidence that is shared
only with the people in each voluntary jurisdiction related to the contract or dispute with a timer.
In this way Pangea mimics current Nation State jurisdictions where contracts are kept securely
until needed, or where confidential documents are held securely by lawyers or in bank vaults. As
in legacy legal systems, confidential documents are not viewable anywhere else.
Public servers and boot nodes are often perceived as a centralization risk. Indeed, users usually
connect to a specific node. If that node goes offline or decides to filter traffic, users might be
excluded from the network. To avoid that possibility, we use the IPFS network to host its data. It
allows data to be cached when accessed by other nodes and replicated through the whole network.
This system reduces the charge on Pangea's node hosting data (since they are replicated across the
entire network).
Although cached data is erased a fraction of a second after sending, the system prevents data
"disappearing" by replicating encrypted sent files and messages. So, if Alice ‘follows’ Bob,
Alice will permanently host Bob's data. If Bob goes offline Alice still hosts his data (which
therefore remains accessible to the other nodes). This quality also encourages users to have more
followers since their data will then be replicated many times and thus made more frequently
available to the network.

30 Ilya Prigogine, Isabelle Stengers. Order Out of Chaos: Man's New Dialogue with Nature (1984). Bantam Books.

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

23

2.5 Governance Services: DApps and Chatbots
Pangea’s API (Application Programming Interface) will allow DApp (Decentralized Applications)
and chat bot developers to create third- party applications as services on Pangea that Citizens or
DBVNs that live on Pangea could choose to use. Examples could include applications such as:
●

Peer-to-Peer Financial Redistribution: For instance, Johan Nygren’s work with
resilience.me to build a peer-to-peer basic income protocol as well as a redistribution scheme
called Taxeme could be opted into by individual Citizens on Pangea or adopted by DBVNs
for all their Citizens.

●

Crowd Arbitration: Pangea’s native arbitration system is focused on peer-to-peer arbitration.
Other types of arbitration, such as Crowdjury, can be provided via a third-party DApp.

●

Peer-to-Peer Security: For actual physical security, a third-party developer could develop a
DApp to for instance provide a form of ‘neighborhood watch’ in their area - similar to the
concept of for instance Cell 411 and other security applications.

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

24

3. <Pangea Arbitration Token (PAT)_
3.1 Purpose and Structure
“This is a development that turns the very logic of political action on
its head thanks to technology and the distributed nature of networks, we
are no longer beholden to the political process, majoritarian rule, and
the so-called “fair” tax and fiat money regime.”
Carl Oberg, Foundation for Economic Education (2014)

The Pangea Arbitration Token (PAT) is designed specifically to reward the successful execution
of contractual agreements on the Pangea platform and is not primarily a currency, even though the
master token will be tradable on cryptocurrency exchanges. PAT is distributed via an Ethereum
smart contract31 containing a tradable ECR20 master token which serves as a reward token on
Pangea and also governs three non-tradable reputation tokens, each with specific functions and
attributes:
●

Proof-of-Agreement (POA): A non-tradable reputation token for Pangea users and arbitrators
which is governed by performance criteria for smart contract creation and execution;

●

Proof-of-Collective (POC): A non-tradable reputation token for DBVNs, user groups and
governance services created on Pangea, it is governed by user satisfaction with collective
contract creation and execution;

●

Proof-of-Nomic (PON): A non-tradable reputation token for contracts, laws and legal codes
governed by user satisfaction.

3.2 Pangea Reputation System: Proof-of-Agreement (POA)
POA non-tradable tokens build an individual user’s reputation on Pangea. When Citizens create
and complete contracts, and resolve disputes relating to these contracts, they are rewarded with
the POA portion of PAT. POAs are non-tradable to prevent user reputations being bought or
sold. Making the POA portion of the PAT token non-tradable ensures that reputation can only be
gained through successful contract creation, dispute resolution and execution and not through
monetary means or popularity.

31 Smart contracts are computer protocols that facilitate, verify, or enforce the negotiation or performance of a contract, or that make a contractual clause
unnecessary. Smart contracts often emulate the logic of contractual clauses. Proponents of smart contracts claim that many kinds of contractual clauses may
thus be made partially or fully self-executing, self-enforcing, or both. Smart contracts aim to provide security superior to traditional contract law and to reduce
other transaction costs associated with contracting. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smart_contract

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

25

Each individual Citizen has a unique and searchable identifier, a public key32. Every smart
contract created on the platform will also have a contract ID, associated public key(s), and possibly
other additional IDs, addresses, or codes as is deemed necessary to validate identities and secure.
These identifiers, public keys, codes and addresses will be stored in the Bitnation contract
registry on IPFS which will act as an external data source for the token distribution mechanism
through the Lucy bot.
When Citizens do anything on Pangea, whether sending a public message, conducting a private
conversation or creating a smart contract, the individual user automatically signs the action as a
consequence of being the specific person attached to that unique identifier (similar to signing
each message and action with a PGP signature). In addition to the PAT reputation mechanism,
Citizens could choose to add external verification methods in the future, such as social media
verification, uploaded utility bills, or government-issued identification documents.

FIGURE 8: DUAL KEY ENCRYPTION

In the event uPort, Civic or a similar identification system becomes widely adopted by the
market, we will integrate the best option as a platform login function at minimum. Pangea is de
facto sybil-attack resistance due to the time and energy it takes to create a trustworthy profile. This
is not a cast-iron guarantee against bad actors, but it provides a strong disincentive. Furthermore
the cost of creating and executing a contract through the miners’ fees makes the cost/opportunity
ratio for a potential Sybil attack undesirable. Contracts between individuals (or individuals
representing groups) are created through the private conversation function on Pangea, which is endto-end encrypted. Participants, witnesses, arbitrators and escrows are added to the private

32 A cryptographic system that uses two keys -- a public key known to everyone and a private or secret key known only to the recipient of the message.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public-key_cryptography

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

26

conversation, which when satisfactorily agreed by participants, can be turned into contracts that
are recorded onto blockchains.

3.3 Pangea Arbitration Token (PAT): Master Token
Mechanism
PAT master tokens are tradable in-app tokens distributed through an Ethereum smart contract. They
do not confer voting rights to holders. 34% of PAT master tokens are released on Pangea as
rewards for Citizens who build up POA reputation. This portion will be used as a tradable
token to reward the accumulation of individual and group reputation. Nevertheless, master token
holdings are not indicative of reputation themselves and reputation cannot be traded on the
platform. This portion of PAT master tokens also collects revenues generated by Pangea through
small transaction fees on arbitration charges and contract timestamping on blockchains. Among
other tokens, PAT can be used to pay for governance services on Pangea.
A seperate 34% of PAT master tokens will be sold to external stakeholders through a two stage
Token Sale Event (TSE) to generate resources for the construction of Pangea and to empower a
broad stakeholder community which drives user adoption. The remaining 32% of PAT master
tokens are reserved to reward Bitnation founders, contributors, advisors and current Bitnation
Citizens and early Pangea adopters for developing, improving and maintaining the system (18%
pre-allocated33 and 14% reserved as options and bounties for future contributors).

3.4 Collective Versus Individual PAT: Proof-ofCollective (POC)

The ability of Citizens to create their own Nations in
the Pangea Jurisdiction is a core feature of the platform.
Pangea’s software enables the creation of intentional
sovereign communities - including DBVNs - by
choosing and applying one or several codes of law, a
dispute resolution mechanism and a decision-making
mechanism and by adding governance services as
DApps.

33 50% is vested for 12 months after the TSE

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

27

Eventually Pangea will permit DBVNs to nest into other DBVNs, allowing organic scalability
when the need arises.

Decentralized Borderless Voluntary Nation (DBVN)
functionalities:
●

A DBVN relies on smart contracts to govern community interactions

●

Transactions and rules are maintained on a blockchain (usually Ethereum)

●

Creation of a Constitution (governs membership including how to enter and how to leave,
benefits and responsibilities, core principles, etc.)

●

Choice of Legal Code (e.g. Common Law, Civil Law, Sharia, etc.)

●

Choice of Economic Model (e.g. Capitalism, Socialism, Communism, Taxemes, etc.)

●

Choice of Decision Making Model (e.g. Democracy, Holacracy, Theocracy, Futurarchy,
Autocracy, etc)

●

Choice of Jurisdiction (e.g. Pangea or an external Nation State jurisdiction)

●

Definition of Governance Services (Security, Jurisdiction, Education, Healthcare,
Infrastructure, etc)

●

A DBVN scales through people forming Holons, a self-organized system. Sometimes
synonymous with ‘holacracy’ and ‘swarm methodology’, it has been successfully
implemented in organizations such as the Pirate Party, Bitcoin, Linux and Anonymous.

As with individual reputation, group reputation must be governed within strictly measurable
parameters with as narrow a scope as possible. The reputation of a group will be measured by
the human members of the group based on whether the governing entity (the DBVN, Port, Embassy
etc.) fulfills its intention and promises set out in its Constitution.
As with individual reputation, collective reputation tokens are also non-tradable. Should Citizens
wish to have a function to ‘rate’ interactions with groups of which they are not members, such
functionality could be created as a third-party application.

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

28

3.5 Contracts, Laws and Legal Codes PAT - Proof-ofNomic (PON)
Nomic structure is a suitable architecture for rulemaking in digital space. Pangea will have
chains of rules, self-enforcing smart contracts, and rules for changing rules. Blockchains provide
an accounting ledger, a function for tracking time, a mechanism for developing shared consensus,
and potentially a collective memory (exocortex).
Each smart contract created on Pangea represents a set of rules. To provide better feedback, each
smart contract will have a reputation score measured in proof-of-nomic sub-tokens. By allowing
each smart contract to have a reputation (to be rated and peer-reviewed) the Pangea jurisdiction
will improve the quality of each set of rules as fitness is evaluated and the newest rules are
optimized to become the fittest. This fitness function is critical to the contract optimization process
while stigmergy is the indirect swarm34 coordination mechanism.
Due to the nature of the blockchain it is possible to track everything a Bitnation Citizen chooses
to publicly share through Pangea. On Pangea Citizens have the ability to create public or private
lists, and to follow any list or any participant in the network35.
If a particular smart contract is good, then as more participants in the swarm discover how good
it is, they can follow this set of rules and strengthen its digital pheromone trail - taking this smart
contract viral36. In this case reputation will not be automated, but based on human judgement: peerreviewing and rating the laws, legal codes and contracts created on Pangea based upon their
utility, including but not limited to:
● User Friendliness and Comprehensiveness;
● Efficiency, Security, Trustworthiness and Predictability;
● Openness (source code access and documentation).
Rating laws, legal codes, and contract usability allows individual laws, contract templates and
entire legal codes to evolve nomically, akin to how Common Law has evolved.37 We call this
sub-token proof-of-nomic (PON). PON sub-tokens are non-transferable, but their value can be
eliminated through downvotes. PON attribution will be handled through the IPFS contract

34See Bitnation adviser Rick Falkvinge’s book Swarmwise https://falkvinge.net/2013/02/14/swarmwise-the-tactical-manual-to-changing-the-world-chapter-one/
35 Stigmergy is a consensus social network mechanism of indirect coordination, through the environment, between agents or actions. The principle is that the
trace left in the environment by an action stimulates the performance of a next action, by the same or a different agent. In that way, subsequent actions tend to
reinforce and build on each other, leading to the spontaneous emergence of coherent, apparently systematic activity.
36 Initial thinking on integrating Nomic Law in the Pangea context was developed by Dana Edwards in 2016.
37 Nomic is a game invented by philosopher Peter Subic in 1982. It's a game in which changing the rules is a move. The Initial Set of rules does little more than
regulate the rule-changing process. The Initial Set of rules were published in Hofstadter's "Metamagical Themas" column in Scientific American in June of 1982.
The evolution of Common Law through legal precedent established through case law can be viewed as a Nomic process https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nomic

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

29

registry (via the intermediaries of the Lucy AI running as a smart contract on Ethereum and an offchain computational Oracle linked to Pangea’s IPFS registries).
The purpose of PON is to provide users with a reliable way to check that a law, code of law or
contract template will execute the functions as intended before selection for use. For instance, a
Citizen could provide a contract template with a flawed source code, but since other Citizens
have had the opportunity to vet the source code which corresponds to the contract deployed, it
should not generate many ‘upvotes’. That means the community can “catch” the flaw and if
necessary downvote the contract, which will incentivize the contract creator to address the problem
or lose reputation as a contract template creator.
That example can be extended across all the different elements of a contract. Extending the
rating system to laws and legal codes helps Citizens to navigate the many choices of laws and legal
codes that will be offered on Pangea, much as user feedback on Yelp, Booking.com and Airbnb
aids customers in making informed decisions.
In order to avoid Sybil attacks38, the PON reward will be calculated based on the votes obtained by
the active usage of a specific contract and the reputation of voters (the amount of POAs they
have) making a Sybil attack useless since accumulating a good reputation takes time.

38 The Sybil attack in computer security is an attack wherein a reputation system is subverted by forging identities in peer-to-peer networks. It is named after
the subject of the book Sybil, a case study of a woman diagnosed with dissociative identity disorder.

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

30

4. <Organization and PAT Distribution_
4.1 Structure and Decision Making
“Holacracy is not a governance process “of the people, by the people, for
the people”; it’s governance of the organization, through the people, for
the purpose.”
Brian Robertson, Holacracyone

PAT holders do not have voting rights, in order to avoid the tyranny of the majority
problem39. Instead, Bitnation is governed by the principles of liquid holacracy. This
encourages participants to form holons and execute their own ideas without
requiring the consent of any other parties (such as other Citizens, Bitnation Core
Contributors, or other entities).
DBVNs can be formed directly on Pangea and will stand or fall based upon their
ability to attract Citizens or members40. Since Pangea is open source software, a
group of individuals who disagree with the fundamental functions or direction of
Bitnation, Pangea or PAT have the ability to fork the code and create a version
which suits them better. The original Bitnation DBVN contract was developed in
2016 by Alex Van de Sande together with Susanne Tarkowski Tempelhof in Rio de
Janeiro, Brazil, based on an existing MIST wallet DAO contract.
It was launched on the blockchain together with the Bitnation Constitution in early 2016. The
contract was later on upgraded by Johan Nygren who added a patch against the recursive call
vulnerability which led to The DAO hack in 2016. The contract has been redesigned, drawing upon
code from the Aragon Project to make DBVNs upgradeable, which enables fixing potential
vulnerabilities and extending functionalities via modules (executed with nearly full privileges in
the DBVN) or applications (interacting with the DBVN, but with limited privileges). We believe
that such functionalities will lead to a market of third-parties’ applications.
The “proposal” module of a DBVN allows its members to add proposals such as:
● New constitutional amendments
● Spending PAT and Ether

39 A scenario in which decisions made by a majority place its interests above those of an individual or minority group, constituting active oppression comparable
to that of a tyrant or despot. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tyranny_of_the_majority
40 Holacracy is a specific social technology or system of organizational governance developed by HolacracyOne, LLC in which authority and decision-making
are distributed throughout a holarchy of self-organizing teams rather than being vested in a management hierarchy. http://www.holacracy.org/

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

31

●

Executing some external contracts

●

Adding multisig members

●

Changing rules

●

Execute anything with the DBVN identity where the DBVN is acting as a “standard” user
of Ethereum

All proposals are debated and discussed thanks to an integrated function allowing members to
add a “justification” to their vote. A vote is represented by the following solidity structure:
struct Vote {
bool inSupport;
address voter;
string justification;
}
All Bitnation DBVN members are given a “stake” and a “field of work”. This allows users to
have greater influence over decisions if the proposal concerns their “field of work” in the
organization. The Bitnation DBVN contract has been redeployed in 2017. There are currently
multiple signatories on the DBVN multisig, each of them having a specific stake in their field of
work (holon). Each signatory is responsible for suggesting budgets and proposals, as well as
reviewing proposals. Thus, each signatory operates as a cost center of its own, with greater
autonomy than provided in traditional organizations.
Bitnation’s organizational structure consists of several elements:
●

Decentralized Borderless Voluntary Nation (DBVN): Bitnation. New DBVNs can be
created on Pangea or created through forking Bitnation.

●

Pangea: The jurisdiction software

●

Holons: Groups of people within a DBVN working towards a specific end. This can mean
a holon dedicated to a specific subject like marketing of Pangea, or it can be a holon totally
disconnected from Bitnation’s operation, let us say a holon working on organizing social
events.

●

Genesis Holon: The core Bitnation executive holon consisting of persons who make
executive decisions on the strategic direction of the DBVN. Members of the Genesis Holon
are selected on the basis of commitment to Bitnation, expertise in designated fields of work,
and performance over time. Although membership will change, change is designed to have
an inherent slowness worked into it in order to provide long-term stability and continuity.
Members of the Genesis Holon are the ‘Guardians of the DBVN’, essentially.

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

32

●

Core Contributors: People who contribute significantly to core functions of the DBVN
(like tech, community, finance, etc.) at a certain point in time.

●

Citizens: People who subscribe to the vision, philosophy and goals set out by the DBVN
(in our case, the Constitution) and subscribe to join as a Citizen, to enjoy the services the
DBVN offers.

●

Ambassadors: People who take an active role in Bitnation on a volunteer or semi-volunteer
basis with a greater level of insight and engagement than an average Citizen. There are
different types of Ambassadors, some focused-on community engagement, others on
diplomacy.

●

Embassies & Consulates: Physical places for Citizens to meet, work and occasionally live.
Can be a public spaces or private homes.

●

Allies: Entities who have actively cooperated with the DBVN. Can be a private company
(e.g. Exosphere), another DBVN, or even a Nation State (e.g. Estonia).

●

Ports: administrative entities, such as for-profit or nonprofit entities in different Nation
State jurisdictions designed to interact with old world legacy systems such as banks and
governments on behalf of Bitnation or other DBVNs.

4.2 Pangea Business Model
The Pangea revenue model is based on two sources of income relating to contract creation and
execution respectively:
1.

A small transaction fee on the amounts arbitrators, judges and juries charge for their
services on Pangea (in Bitcoin, Ether or other cryptocurrencies converted on-platform into
PAT);

2.

A small transaction fee on top of the amount miners charge to timestamp and execute
smart contracts created on Pangea on Ethereum or other integrated blockchains (also
converted into PAT).

Revenue is charged in PAT, convertible from other cryptocurrencies on the platform. Development
priorities and budgets will be discussed through forums like consider.it and the final budget
allocation will be made through the multisignature delegates.

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

33

The table below provides an extremely conservative estimate of Pangea revenues in dollar
equivalent after five years.

Projected Annual Revenues After 5 Years
Revenue Streams

Revenue

Smart Contract Notarization

$ 14,880,000

Dispute Resolution Market

$ 12,000,000

Smart Contract Development Market

$ 10,000,000

Total Revenues

$ 36,880,000
TABLE 1: BITNATION PANGEA BUSINESS MODEL - YEAR FIVE REVENUE PROJECTIONS

Revenue has been calculated from the ground up using existing data on Bitnation market adoption
from the https://bitnation.co website (use of Public Notary, World Citizen ID, Citizen adoption and
Embassy and Consulate creation).
User adoption statistics have been estimated from open source data on the online legal services
market, mobile chat application use, mobile phone adoption in emerging markets, and the ‘System
D’ economy41. Over 10,000 people have registered as Bitnation citizens on our website and will
be encouraged to move their world citizenship ID to Pangea. The target market for early adopters
has been defined as ‘tech-savvy self-identified World Citizens’ in the BRICs and ’Next Eleven
Markets’42, piggybacking on polling which indicates more general disillusionment with the State,
as well as political unrest and increased cryptocurrency adoption (factors which extend to other
markets in Europe, Asia and North America). Detailed financial projections can be provided upon
request.

Over 200 new nations have also been registered on our website and we expect all of these and
many more to be created on Pangea. Use cases for DBVNs include global and regional cryptoeconomic networks and trading organizations such as S33D, which wants to create value for
innovators in agriculture, intentional communities in places like Liberland and Honduras and
Special Economic Zones, which want a ‘jurisdiction-in-a-box’, networks of migrant people who
live and work in the spaces between geographical jurisdictions such as refugees, economic
migrants, digital nomads, seasteaders and even merchant marine and live-aboard ocean sailors, and
activist groups and advocates for civil rights such as the Venezuelan opposition, Catalonian
separatists and LBGT groups in Uganda, Iran and other countries around the world.
Our business model takes transaction fees into account but does not include potential increases in
PAT token value, which is highly speculative and likely to significantly impact revenues. In

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

34

addition to the Pangea application, Bitnation might also develop a series of arbitrator bots and
DApps that live on other chat platforms and link back to Pangea, including but not limited to
Signal, Telegram, Status.im, Firechat, Messenger, WeChat, Kik and WhatsApp. These DApps
serve to drive traffic to Pangea, create additional brand awareness and potentially provide an
additional revenue source.

4.3 PAT Game Theory and Distribution
As described in Part 2, PAT tokens are released from the Bitnation DBVN onto Pangea after a
contract is created and executed. Our game theory requires that a portion of the tokens released are
used to reward Citizens for accumulating POA (non-tradable reputation tokens). Thus, the more
people who use Pangea to create contracts, the more Citizens benefit. This modality incentivizes
peer-to-peer promotion and adoption, creating a de-facto network effect to organically grow user
adoption. It also incentivizes late adopters to get on the platform.
The PAT token functions not only to provide incentives for dispute resolution and the creation and
design of smart contracts within the Pangea jurisdiction incentive network, but also to build and
monetize cooperative behavior amongst participants. PAT will drive the expansion of the
Pangea community of Nations and Citizens.
There are 42 Billion PAT master tokens (in the spirit of the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy!).
The purpose of having a large number of tokens is also to ensure there are enough to reward
users who have accumulated non-tradable reputation tokens in the future. At the time of writing
5.88 Billion have been reserved (18%) primarily for founders, contributors and early adopters.
Each PAT token is divisible by 18.
34% of the remaining tokens are allocated to sell to new stakeholders, 34% are earned by users on
Pangea, and 14% is reserved for allocation to future contributors to Bitnation as options and
bounties.

In order for token-based incentives to be effective, a wide distribution of tokens is desirable. We
aim to ensure the decentralization of PAT ownership not just by maximizing the number of
stakeholders when tokens are sold, but also by encouraging people who believe in voluntary
nations and decentralization to own tokens.

41 System D economy refers to the ‘black’ and ‘grey’, or unregulated global economy http://freakonomics.com/2011/11/01/the-black-market-is-thelargest-economy-in-thesecondworld/
42 The Next Eleven (known also by the numeronym N-11) are the eleven countries – Bangladesh, Egypt, Indonesia, Iran, MexTSE, Nigeria, Pakistan,
the
Philippines, Turkey, South Korea and Vietnam – identified by Goldman Sachs investment bank and economist Jim O'Neill in a research paper as having a
high
potential of becoming, along with the BRICS countries, among the world's largest economies in the 21st century.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Next_Eleven

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

35

FIGURE 11: TOTAL PAT TOKEN DISTRIBUTION

Our goal is to maximize both the quantity and orientation of token-holders to ensure
decentralization and build a stakeholder community aligned with our vision. To maximize quantity,
PAT tokens will be made available for purchase through a range of exchanges and wallets after
the TSE.

TSE Token Release
The token sale is split into three phases and a total of 14.28 billion PAT (34%) will be sold across
the three phases of the sale.
Sale phases:
•

Phase 1: Presale - completed in December 2017.

•

Phase 2: Public auction - 1 month auction of up to 7.3% of PAT supply.

•

Phase 3: Slow release - the remaining unsold tokens will be sold via exchanges over the
following 24 months so that a total of 14.28 billion (34%) have been sold by April 2020.

The total amount of PAT in circulation 24 months after the public sale finishes (25 April 2020)
will be 14.28B (34% of 42 Billion) in addition to the PAT allocated to the core team and issued
for bug bounties.

The public sale begins March 25th, 2018 4pm CET and finishes when either the hard-cap is
reached ($27.3M of Ether has been bid), or on April 25th 16h00 CET. The sale is hard-capped at
$27.3M USD and the token price is set by the market. This is achieved using a reverse auction
with a variable price for the token. One of the effects of this model is that we do not know how
many tokens will be sold during the auction. The higher the market-set price of PAT, the fewer
tokens will be issued in order to reach the hard-cap.

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

36

FIGURE 12: TSE TOKEN DISTRIBUTION CURVE (34% OF TOTAL PAT
TOKENS)

Non-TSE Token Release
In addition to the 34% sold during the TSE, 32% of tokens will be pre-allocated to founders,
present and future core contributors, and early adopters (pre-TSE Bitnation Citizens). Of this
allocation, 18% will be for pre-TSE contributors, Citizens and Founders, and 14% reserved for
future options and bounties. A further 34% powers our software and is reserved for Citizens to earn
on Pangea.

TSE Smart Contracts
The TSE code is based on two smart contracts: one represents the tokens purchased and the other
one is the TSE. PAT is an Ethereum ERC20 token. Tokens are released by the DBVN through the
TSE contracts for buyers. The PAT token and TSE contracts have been designed by our solidity
coding partners and TSE contract specialists ABDK Consulting . The TSE and token contracts
have been externally audited and tested to guarantee the safety of the TSE.
The remaining 34% of tokens will be used to power the platform by crediting users who have built
up a large amount of non-tradable reputation tokens on Pangea as outlined in section 3.

Post TSE Token Conversion
All tokens will be automatically converted to the final PAT token (1:1) as per the TSE/token
contract when PAT is released with Pangea 0.003. Existing Bitnation XBNX CounterParty tokens
will be exchanged for PAT tokens at an equivalent value.

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

37

FIGURE 13: USE OF TOKEN SALE RESOURCES

TSE Funds Release
Funds are released using the Bitnation DBVN liquid holacratic decision making mechanism.
Token sale funds will also be used to fund third-party governance DApp developers, local Embassies
and Consulates, bug bounties, and contributor rewards. Proposals will be publicly discussed on
Bitnation’s project page, powered by consider.it.

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

38

IF BITNATION IS CAPITALISED WITH.....
<all amounts US$_

< pre-ICO >

<< technology >>

<< dev team >>
<< drawdown >>

<< research //
dev >>

<< drawdown >>

<< comms //
marketing >>

<< comms team

>>

<< drawdown >>

<< operations >>
<< operations team >>
<< drawdown >>

<< community //
ecosystem >>

<< community team >>
<< drawdown >>

<< knowledge >>

<< drawdown >>
<< annual expenses >>

< current
development
trajectory to
release Pangea
0.3.2 >

< $5M+ >
< expand team to
push release of
Pangea 1.0 and
Amasia AR (Pangea
2.0). Release
Pangea API for 3rd
Party Devs >

8

12

103

493

< expand community
through meetups,
brand improvement,
ICO related
communications and
marketing, PAT
exchange
integration >

< recruit for
accelerated release
of Pangea 1.0,
integrate more
blockchains,
improve AI/
Exocortex, API and
integration of
DApps >
18
1775

< researching AI
< Pangea AI
and post-quantum ID reputation system,
and encryption
dispute resolution
algorithms >
functions,
integration of
other blockchains
such as Rootstock
and EOS >
0

< $10M+ >

< R&D for Pangea
DApps on other
platforms and
hardware networks
to run in city
states, refugee
settlements,
seasteads etc. >

58

174

< go-to-market
research and go-tomarket Pangea 1.0
campaign roll-out,
market DApp for
Pangea on other
platforms, expand
exchange adoption
of PAT >

< organise
hackathons for 3rd
party dev-elopers,
temp autonomous
zones (TAZ), nation
and DApps, improve
token holder
relations, widen
exchange adoption
of PAT >

< $20M+ >

< Hard Cap >

< expand team to
push release of
Pangea 1.0 and
Amasia AR (Pangea
2.0). Release
Pangea hardware
network >

< development team
follows upgrade
pathways for
Panthalassa //
Pangea, and Pangea
hardware networks.
Develop Lucy AI
towards exocortex >

24
2366
< develop Bitnation
R&D laboratory hire team, contract
research and
collaborate with
academia >

870
< three annual
sponsored TAZ,
regional go-tomarket campaigns.
Communications to
widen arbitration
and smart contract
developer networks
>

3

4

5

6

156

394

529

843

< COO, CFO
logistics and
finance officer +
4
738
< recruit super
ambassadors. DBVN
launch event with
ICO, volunteer
develops 3rd party
DApp for basic
income >

1

< hire HR/admin
< expand finance
officer. Create
and legal teams,
additional entities hire corporate
4

6

< support research
institutions to
develop options to
power Lucy AI
towards the
exocortex. Conduct
research into
evolution of law on
Pangea >
< develop sponsored
TAZ programme in
target markets.
enhanced go-tomarket campaigns
working with SEZs,
city states,
refugee cities and
DBVNs on adoption
of both physical
and virtual Pangea
networks for
governance >

< launch bitnation < launch bitnation
operations services operations services
on Pangea as smart on Pangea as smart
contracts, incl.
6
payroll, legal and
924
accounting >

790

860

< bounties
ambassadors and
competition for
embassies,
development of
resilience.me DApp.
Integrate bumbrella and Kleros
>

< incentive scheme
for 3rd Party DApps
on Pangea. Repurpose entities for
ecosystem
development. Fund
community proposals
to expand ecosystem
>

< further build
developer community
+ expanded super
ambassador network.
Provide IRL
diplomatic services
for citizens and
users through
Embassy network >

2

3

4

40

180

390

476

< API and
documentation, how
to videos,
BITNATION exosphere
scholarships >

< Pangea
interactive manual
and API manual for
developers and
create your own
nation video guides
>

< Comprehensive
Pangea interactive,
hardcopy and video
guides and
documentation for
developers and
citizens >

< sector guides for
guides and content
for governance
service developers, citizens
and mainstream
community >

0

36

136

318

1037

1951

3864

5797

< provide resources
to support a wide
range of community
and developer
proposals for optin governance
services, and third
party DApps. Also
innovative
governance systems
for spheres such as
SEZs, city states,
seasteads etc >
< documentation,
video guides and
scholarships for
developers to
enhance the Pangea
ecosystem, >

$6M+

T

TABLE 2: USE OF ICO FUNDS

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

39

4.4 Roadmap
<development roadmap strategic context_

Goal: 150,000 Citizens 12-18 months after public launch of the Pangea software

<development release cadence_

Four three-week ‘Sprints’, each resulting in a product release to the stores (Apple
& Google)

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

40

5. <Resources_
5.1 Install Pangea
Download the app directly to your smartphone via the Android or IOS app store by searching for
“Bitnation”. Or install Pangea through following the instructions on the README in the PangeaReact repository on our GitHub here.

5.2 About BITNATION
Bitnation is the world's first Decentralized Borderless Voluntary Nation (DBVN). Bitnation started
in July 2014 by Susanne Tarkowski Tempelhof. Bitnation hosted the world’s first blockchain
marriage, birth certificate, refugee emergency ID, World Citizenship, DBVN Constitution and
more. Its website, including the Public Notary proof-of-concept, is used by thousands of Bitnation
Citizens and Embassies around the world. Bitnation is the winner of UNESCO’s Netexplo Award
2017.
Wikipedia - Pre-Foundational Paper - Founding Document - Original 2014 Whitepaper - DBVN
Constitution and Code - Yearly Summary 2016 - Blog

5.3 Join the Community
GitHub - Slack - Trello Dev - Telegram - Facebook Page - Facebook Group - Twitter - Steemit Reddit – Token Sale Website - Bitnation Website - AngelList - BitcoinTalk

5.4 Further Reading
●

Bitcoin Whitepaper

●

Ethereum Whitepaper

●

Rootstock Whitepaper

●

SSB Resources

●

IPFS Whitepaper

Competing legal codes and Polycentric Jurisdictions

<enter Pangea_

●

Paul-Emile de Puydt on Panarchy

●

David Friedman on Polycentric Law

bitnation.co

41

We are the Birth of a New Virtual Nation
We are a Future for Our World and Humanity
We are Sentinels, Universal and Inalienable
We are Creativity and Visionary
We are Rights and Freedoms
We are Tolerant and Accepting
We are Polity and Entity
We are Privacy and Security
We are Openness and Transparency
We are a Dream and a Reality
We are Bitnation

<enter Pangea_

bitnation.co

42

