bitqy™
The official cryptocurrency of bitqyck, Inc.™

per valorem coeptis

Whitepaper v1.0

bitqy™ | The official cryptocurrency of bitqyck, Inc. | Page 1

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Introduction to Cryptocurrency

3

Plan & Purpose for bitqy

6

The bitqy Coin Constitution

7

Ethereum

8

bitqy Rewards

11

qyckwallet™

11

tradebq™

12

Mining and Security

12

Compliance

12

The Future of bitqy

13

bitqy™ | The official cryptocurrency of bitqyck, Inc. | Page 2

INTRODUCTION TO CRYPTOCURRENCY
Cryptocurrency is a digital currency that uses encryption (cryptography) to generate
tokens and to verify transactions. Transactions are added to a public ledger – also
called a Transaction Block Chain – and new coins are created through a process
known as mining.
As of 2017, cryptocurrency has been used as a decentralized alternative to
traditional fiat currencies (which are usually backed by some central
government) such as the US dollar (USD).
For the average person using cryptocurrency is as easy as:
• Get a digital wallet to store the currency.
• Use the wallet to create unique “public addresses” to receive currency.
• Transfer funds in or out of your wallet using public addresses.
What is a cryptocurrency address? A public address is a unique string of
characters used to receive cryptocurrency. Each public address has a matching
private address that can be used to prove ownership of the public address.
With Bitcoin the address is called a Bitcoin address. Think of it like a unique email
address that people can send currency to as opposed to emails.
The first decentralized digital cryptocurrency can be traced back to “Bit Gold”, which
was worked on by Nick Szabo between 1998 and 2005. Bit gold is considered the
first precursor to bitcoin. In 2008, Satoshi Nakamoto (an anonymous person and/or
group) released a paper detailing what would become Bitcoin.
Bitcoin became the first decentralized digital coin when it was created in 2008.
It then went public in 2009. As of 2015, Bitcoin is the most commonly known
cryptocurrency. Given the popularity of Bitcoin as well as its history, the term
“altcoin” is sometimes used to describe alternative cryptocurrencies to bitcoin.
As of mid-2017, there were over 800 different types of cryptocurrencies – or
altcoins – for trade in online markets and about 10 of them have market
capitalizations of more than $1 Billion USD. At the time of writing this, the total
market capitalization of all cryptocurrencies has eclipsed $70 billion!

bitqy™ | The official cryptocurrency of bitqyck, Inc. | Page 3

In other words, cryptocurrency isn’t just a fad, it is likely a growing market that
(despite its pros and cons) is likely here for the long haul.
Cryptocurrency Basics
Public Ledgers: All confirmed transactions from the start of a cryptocurrency’s
creation are stored in a public ledger. The identities of the coin owners are
encrypted, and the system uses other cryptographic techniques to ensure the
legitimacy of record keeping. The ledger ensures that corresponding “digital
wallets” can calculate an accurate spendable balance. Also, new transactions can be
checked to ensure that each transaction uses only coins currently owned by the
spender. Bitcoin calls this public ledger a “transaction block chain“.
Transactions: A transfer of funds between two digital wallets is called a
transaction. That transaction gets submitted to a public ledger and awaits
confirmation. When a transaction is made, wallets use an encrypted electronic
signature (an encrypted piece of data called a cryptographic signature) to provide a
mathematical proof that the transaction is coming from the owner of the wallet.
The confirmation process takes a bit of time (ten minutes for bitcoin) while “miners”
mine (ie. confirm transactions and add them to the public ledger).
Mining: In simple terms, mining is the process of confirming transactions and
adding them to a public ledger. In order to add a transaction to the ledger, the
“miner” must solve an increasingly complex computational problem (sort of like a
mathematical puzzle). Mining is open source, so anyone can confirm the
transaction. The first “miner” to solve the puzzle adds a “block” of transactions to
the ledger. The way in which transactions, blocks, and the public blockchain ledger
work together ensures that no one individual can easily add or change a block at
will. Once a block is added to the ledger, all correlating transactions are permanent
and a small transaction fee is added to the miner’s wallet (along with newly created
coins). The mining process is what gives value to the coins and is known as a proofof-work system.
Although there can be exceptions to the rule, there are a number of
factors (beyond the basics above) that make cryptocurrency so different from
the financial systems of the past:

bitqy™ | The official cryptocurrency of bitqyck, Inc. | Page 4

Adaptive Scaling: Adaptive scaling essentially means that cryptocurrencies are
built with a number of measures to ensure that they will work well in both large or
small scales.
Adaptive Scaling Example: Bitcoin is programmed to allow for
one transaction block to be mined every ten minutes. The algorithm adjusts
after every 2016 blocks (theoretically, that’s every two weeks) to get easier or
harder based on how long it actually took for those 2016 blocks to be mined.
So if it only took 13 days for the network to mine 2016 blocks, that means it’s
too easy to mine, so the difficulty increases. However, if it takes 15 days for
the network to mine 2016 blocks, that shows that it’s too hard to mind, so the
difficulty decreases.
A number of other measures are included in digital coins to allow for adaptive
scaling including limiting the supply overtime (to create scarcity) and reducing the
reward for mining as more total coins are mined.
Cryptographic: Cryptocurrency uses a system of cryptography (AKA encryption) to
control the creation of coins and to verify transactions.
Decentralized: Most fiat currencies in circulation are controlled by a centralized
government, and thus their creation can be regulated by a third party.
Cryptocurrency’s creation and transactions are open source, controlled by code,
and rely on “peer-to-peer” networks. There is no single entity that can affect the
currency.
Digital: Traditional currency is defined by a physical object (USD representing gold
for example), but cryptocurrency is all digital. Digital coins are stored in digital
wallets and transferred digitally to other peoples’ digital wallets. No physical object
ever exists.
Open Source: Cryptocurrencies are typically open source. That means that
developers can create APIs without paying a fee and anyone can use or join the
network.
Proof-of-work: Most cryptocurrencies use a proof-of-work system. A proof-of-work
scheme uses a hard-to-compute but easy-to-verify computational puzzle to limit
exploitation of cryptocurrency mining. Essentially, it’s like a really hard to solve
“catpcha” that requires lots of computing power.
bitqy™ | The official cryptocurrency of bitqyck, Inc. | Page 5

Pseudonymity: Owners of cryptocurrency keep their digital coins in an encrypted
digital wallet. A coin-holder’s identification is stored in an encrypted address that
they have control over – it is not attached to a person’s identity. The connection
between you and your coins is pseudonymous rather than anonymous as ledgers
are open to the public (and thus, the ledgers could be used to glean information
about groups of individuals in the network).
Value: For something to be an effective currency, it has to have value.
The US dollar used to represent actual gold. The gold was scarce and required work
to mine and refine, so the scarcity and work gave the gold value. This, in turn, gave
the US dollar value.
Cryptocurrency works with a similar concept. In cryptocurrency, “coins” (which are
nothing more than publicly agreed on records of ownership) are generated or
produced by “miners”. These miners are people who run programs on
specialized hardware made specifically to solve proof-of-work puzzles. The work
behind mining coins gives them value, while scarcity of coins and demand thereof
causes their value to fluctuate. The idea of work giving value to currency is called a
“proof-of-work” system. The other method for validating coins is called proof-ofstake. Value is also created when transactions are added to public ledgers as
creating a verified “transaction block” takes work as well.

PLAN AND PURPOSE FOR bitqy
The plan and purpose for launching our own cryptocurrency centered on our desire
to reward our company’s value creators - the people who take action and
participate in specific activities that bring value to the company.
With the growth and excitement behind cryptocurrency, we envisioned the
“reward” to be an exciting incentive for the value-creators in the company. As part
of the reward process we also set up our own trading platform to give all people
the ability to easily and quickly set up an account and trade bitqy for bitcoin (and
vise versa) in the open market.
A strong component of the bitqy ownership experience is the smart contract tying
bitqyck, Inc. stock to the bitqy token. Every bitqy token is “embedded” with 1/10
bitqy™ | The official cryptocurrency of bitqyck, Inc. | Page 6

share of one (1) bitqyck, Inc. common stock. thereby giving bitqy holders actual
ownership of bitqyck, Inc. as outlined in the bitqy Constitution.

THE bitqy COIN CONSTITUTION
bitqy, the in-app token for bitqyck
bitqy is a cryptocurrency token for the marketplace
platform bitqyck and the general market as it is
accepted by businesses and consumers globally. bitqy
will be allocated by the directors of bitqyck, Inc. Once
allocated, bitqyck relinquishes control of the allocated
bitqy.
The latest and most up to date legal disclosures can
always be found on bitqy.org.
Additionally, bitqyck, Inc., a Texas corporation,
certifies:
•

•

•

•

•

that it has authorized the minting of ten billion digital tokens known as
“bitqy tokens” or “bitqy coins,” created on the Ethereum Blockchain
App Platform and, further certifies,
that through its directors and founders, has duly authorized one
billion shares of common stock as the only class of ownership shares
in the Corporation, and further certifies,
that the bitqy tokens are only created by the smart contract that these
certifications are enumerated within and, further certifies,
that the holder of a bitqy token, is also the holder of one-tenth of a
share of bitqyck, Inc. common stock, and further certifies,
that the holder of this coin shall enjoy the rights and benefits as a
shareholder of bitqyck, Inc. as provided by the directors of bitqyck, Inc.
and ONLY IF the bitqy holder has his/her bitqy tokens in the official
bitqy™ | The official cryptocurrency of bitqyck, Inc. | Page 7

bitqy wallet operated and maintained by bitqyck, Inc., and further
certifies,
•

•

pursuant to the terms and conditions that the directors and founders
attach to the bitqy token, and further certifies
that this bitqy token is freely transferable by the holder hereof in any
manner, which said holder deems appropriate and reasonable.

The holder of this bitqy token certifies that he or she has ownership and
possession pursuant to a legal transaction or transfer from the prior holder.

ETHEREUM
bitqyck, Inc. decided early on to build bitqy upon the Ethereum Blockchain. We
chose Ethereum to take full advantage of their smart
Bitqy is an ERC-20 Token
contract technology. To help our partners and readers
established on the
understand why we chose Ethereum and how smart
contracts work, we provide a beginner’s guide to
Ethereum Blockchain
Ethereum with some valuable information as written by
blockgeeks.
Ethereum is a decentralized platform that runs smart contracts: applications that
run exactly as programmed without any possibility of downtime, censorship, fraud
or third party interference.
These apps run on a custom-built Blockchain, an enormously powerful, shared
global infrastructure that can move value around and represent the ownership of
property. This enables developers to create markets, store registries of debts or
promises, move funds in accordance with instructions given long in the past (like a
will or a futures contract) and many other things that have not been invented yet,
all without a middle man or counterparty risk.
Ethereum gives partners the ability to create and manage their own tokens (crypto
coin) on their Blockchain. The benefit of this is the ability to utilize their Blockchain
scalability as well as their smart contract functionality.

bitqy™ | The official cryptocurrency of bitqyck, Inc. | Page 8

To a beginner, the entire concept of Ethereum and Ethereum tokens can get very
confusing very fast. The idea that Ethereum not only has its own currency (Ether)
but also has tokens on top of that which can act as currency themselves, can be a
little mind-boggling. Before we even begin understanding what Ethereum tokens
are all about, it’s important to grasp some basic concepts.

The entire Ethereum network is a giant mass of nodes (computers) connected to
one another. In fact, the entire network can be visualized as a single entity called
the “Ethereum Virtual Machine” or EVM for short. All the transactions that have
happened and will ever happen in this network are automatically updated and
recorded in an open and distributed ledger.

Smart contracts are how things get done in the Ethereum ecosystem. When
someone wants to get a particular task done in Ethereum they initiate a smart
contract with one or more people. Smart contracts are a series of instructions,
written using the programming language “solidity”, which work on the basis of
bitqy™ | The official cryptocurrency of bitqyck, Inc. | Page 9

the IFTTT logic aka the IF-THIS-THEN-THAT logic. Basically, if the first set of
instructions are done then execute the next function and after that the next and
keep on repeating until you reach the end of the contract.
The best way to understand that is by imagining a vending machine. Each and every
step that you take acts like a trigger for the next step to execute itself. It is kind of
like the domino effect. So, let’s examine the steps that you will take while
interacting with the vending machine:
Step 1: You give the vending machine some money.
Step 2: You punch in the button corresponding to the item that you want.
Step 3: The item comes out and you collect it.
Now look at all those steps and think about it. Will any of the steps work if the
previous one wasn’t executed? Each and every one of those steps is directly related
to the previous step. There is one more factor to think about, and it is an integral
part of smart contracts. You see, in your entire interaction with the vending
machine, you (the requestor) were solely working with the machine (the provider).
There were absolutely no third parties involved.
So, now how would this transaction have looked like if it happened in the Ethereum
network? Suppose you just bought something from a vending machine in the
Ethereum network, how will the steps look like then?
Step 1: You give the vending machine some money and this gets recorded by
all the nodes in the Ethereum network and the transaction gets updated in
the ledger.
Step 2: You punch in the button corresponding to the item that you want
and record of that gets updated in the Ethereum network and ledger.
Step 3: The item comes out and you collect it and this gets recorded by all
the nodes and the ledger.
Every transaction that you do through the smart contracts will get recorded and
updated by the network. What this does is that it keeps everyone involved with the
contract accountable for his or her actions. It takes away human malice by making
every action taken visible to the entire network. But, having said that, what mainly
incentivizes these people to fulfill their end of the bargain anyway? What are they
getting by helping out the requestors? This is where Ether comes in.

bitqy™ | The official cryptocurrency of bitqyck, Inc. | Page 10

Ether
Every single step in a smart contract is a transaction or a complex computation and
would have a cost that is measured in “gas”. The price of this gas is paid by the
requester in “Ether”. Ether is the currency with which everything runs in the
Ethereum. When people talk about ETH and ETC they are actually talking about the
value of the Ether in their respective blockchain.

bitqy REWARDS
As discussed earlier in this whitepaper, bitqyck, Inc. has a bitqy rewards program.
Bitqyck stakeholders (affiliates, merchants, consumers, etc.) are rewarded in bitqy
for specific actions and activities throughout the bitqyck network of companies. For
example, a purchase of a product through bitqyck would allow for the company to
reward the participants in bitqy, thereby making the purchase more valuable to the
participant. In addition, bitqyck runs promotions and incentives that enable users
to earn additional bitqy by following the rules of the promotion.

qyckwallet
Bitqyck, Inc. has launched it’s own custom wallet, named qyckwallet™. Qyckwallet is
important for several reasons. First of all, it is the most secure way for someone to
hold and manage their bitqy because it has specifically been designed for bitqy.
Secondly, the only way to take advantage of
qyckwallet is a centralized wallet architecture –
the smart contract that relates to stock
a conscious decision from the coin architects to
ownership in bitqyck, Inc. by holding bitqy is
ensure compliance around corporate
by keeping the bitqy in qyckwallet. Due to
ownership within United States’ jurisdiction.
the anonymous nature of cryptocurrency,
Again, since bitqy is an ERC-20 Token, holding
bitqy in qyckwallet is not a requirement unless
users that have an active qyckwallet can tie
participating
in corporate governance events...
their qyckwallet account to a registered
see Coin Constitution for more info.
bitqyck affiliate account and therefore have
an identity that is necessary to associate with
equity ownership. Other wallets do not have that feature and therefore are
perfectly anonymous.

bitqy™ | The official cryptocurrency of bitqyck, Inc. | Page 11

tradebq
tradebq is bitqyck’s custom bitqy open marketplace
trading platform. Through tradebq, users can monitor
current prices as well as the top bids and asking prices
for bitqy and a report of the most recent trades. Bitqy
can be purchased through tradebq with Bitcoin.
It takes less than a minute to create a free account on
tradebq.com.

The decision to create tradebq
immediately upon launch was to
give early bitqy holders liquidity
while we waited for listing on
public exchanges. No fees are
charged for trades on tradebq.
Bitqyck bears the cost of gas for
trades through the tradebq system.

MINING AND SECURITY
The security of the bitqy token is guaranteed by the security of the underlying
Ethereum Blockchain, which at the time of this writing is Proof of Work.
Bitqyck, Inc. has applied the ideology of "Proof-of-Work" to the disbursement of
bitqy tokens to future bitqy token holders. The designation of Proof of Work comes
from mining or from rewards for specific actions.

COMPLIANCE
bitqyck, Inc. has taken numerous precautions to maintain complete compliance
across its cryptocurrency operations. It is especially important due to the smart
contract stock connection that comes with the ownership of bitqy. As such, bitqyck
has established direct working relationships with corporate governance and
compliance professionals as well as business and securities attorneys.

bitqy™ | The official cryptocurrency of bitqyck, Inc. | Page 12

THE FUTURE OF bitqy
It is the intent and goal of bitqyck to distribute all of the allocated bitqy. At that
point, we believe that bitqy will be a viable, global currency. As bitqyck matures and
the verticals business industries grow, the company plan has always been to allow
consumer to use bitqy and merchants to accept bitqy in exchange for products and
services.
This type of co-dependent relationship will ensure growth and success of the bitqy
marketplace as well as success for the consumers and merchants that transact
business with bitqy.
It is our vision that the “Firstmovers” in bitqyck will be rewarded greatly by their
ownership of bitqy as we move into the future.

bitqy™ | The official cryptocurrency of bitqyck, Inc. | Page 13

