T HE B IT S HARES B LOCKCHAIN
BitShares Blockchain Foundation
officially approved spokesperson of the BitShares Blockchain
www.bitshares.foundation
info@bitshares.foundation

Abstract—The BitShares Blockchain is an industrial-grade 2.2
Blockchain
decentralized platform built for high-performance financial
smart contracts. It represents the first decentralized au- The Blockchain serves as a journal (e.g. a ledger) of user-signed
tonomous community that lets its core token holder decide instructions that become a binding agreement as soon as they
are included into a block. After inclusion into a block, the
on its future direction and products.
agreements are stored indefinitely by means of a hash-linkedlist (the Blockchain). From this ordered sequence of transactions,
a current state (think: account balances) can be determined by
1 Introduction
processing all transactions consecutively starting at the very
first block. As we will see later, the software will ensure that
The BitShares Blockchain, as it exists today, was launched on instructions that are stored in the Blockchain have been success13th October 2015 with its community being established already fully authenticated and validated. For validating and processing
in 2013. It implements an industrial-grade decentralized platform of operations, a common set of rules define the consequences
built for high-performance smart contracts with focus on the of particular actions, which are part of the of the blockchain
financial technologies sector.
protocol (see section 2.5).
Furthermore, BitShares represents the first decentralized autonomous cooperation that lets holders of its core native token
Networking
BTS decide on its future direction and governance aspects. For 2.3
sake of clarity and to avoid confusion with other smart contractA blockchain merely defines a means of storage and can be
ing platforms, the BitShares Blockchain implements its contracts
used in a non-distributed, single-participant fashion as well as
in form of operations . Even though the BitShares Blockchain
in a distributed internet-based mesh network often referred to as
comes with over 50 already implemented operations which dePeer-2-Peer (P2P) network. In the latter case, multiple parties are
serve to be presented, this document focuses on the description
connected with each other in a way that incoming transactions
of the BitShares Blockchain as a platform, its architecture as well
are forwarded to every other connected participant. A transaction
as its governance system using the core native token BTS.
ultimately reaches a so called block producer. A block producer
verifies incoming transactions against a hard-coded protocol and
bundles them into a single block that is added to the existing
2 Architecture
blockchain. At this point, a transaction is considered confirmed
The BitShares Blockchain constitutes the following components and executed. The effects of an executed operation on the current
state are defined in the blockchain protocol (see section 2.5).
which are described individually.

2.1

Transactions

When users want to interact with any Blockchain, they construct
so called transactions and transmit to the network (see section 2.3). These present messages that contain instructions about
what particular operation(s) a user wants to use. A common operation is the simple transfer operation that comes with transferspecific instructions that provides the necessary information for
this action, such as the sender, receiver, the amount to transfer
as well as an optional encrypted memo. To allow multiple operations to take place subsequently, multiple operations can be
bundled into a single transaction.
To identify against the system, transactions are cryptographically
signed by the users. These signatures authenticate a user and
provide authorization for the operations in the transaction.

Release: 20180906

2.4

Consensus

Consensus is the process by which a community comes to a
universally recognized, unambiguous agreement on a piece of information. In the context of blockchains, consensus means agreement about the validity rules for transactions (i.e. the blockchain
protocol - see section 2.5), and the order in which they have
been observed by the blockchain. This ultimately results in an
agreement about the current state that is build deterministically
from those validity rules and the sequence of transactions.
The most commonly known consensus scheme is Proof-ofWork (PoW). Most dominant disadvantage is the heavy power
consumption and the scalability in terms of transactions per
second and confirmation times. The BitShares Blockchain makes
use of an algorithm called Delegated Proof of Stake (DPoS)
that was developed specifically to replace the wasteful ’mining’
process, increase throughput and reduce reaction times of the

2.5

P ROTOCOL

blockchain. It is a tremendous improvement when it comes to
consumption of electricity.
DPoS allows to generate a new block at fixed rate (block
production/confirmation time) with minimal computational requirements. This means that the blockchain can process more
transactions in significantly less time and at almost no cost
when compared to PoW-based Blockchains1 . Block production
is performed by a set of so called witnesses (block producers)
that take turns. After every turn, the order of block producers is
randomized in a deterministic manner such that all parties agree
on the new order.

2

2.6

Extensibility

The Software behind the BitShares Blockchain is extensively
modularized and implements its operations independently of
each other. This allows for adding new features once the corresponding code, which the implements validation, evaluation and
application methods, reaches maturity. In a sense, operations on
the BitShares Blockchain are smart-contracts and allows for extending the range of functions of the system. In contrast to other
smart-contracting platforms, however, the BitShares Blockchain
requires new features to be vetted by the core developers and
approved by the BTS holders before they can be installed by
means of a network-wide protocol upgrade. As a consequence
2.5 Protocol
the platform is considered much more solid as new features
The most essential part of blockchain technologies is here re- require to go through multiple stages of quality assurance. These
ferred to as blockchain protocol. It defines the behavior of the protocol upgrades are well coordinated and already happened 28
entire system including consequences and side-effects when pro- times (Q3/2018) in the past.
cessing transactions. Users utilize particular features by crafting
a transaction that contains a particular letter-of-interest (also 2.7 Performance and Scalability
referred to as operation).
Since the Blockchain, as a storage, only stores incremental The BitShares Blockchain publicly demonstrated sustaining over
changes (e.g. transfers), the final balance of each account to- 3,000 (three thousand) transactions per second and over 22,000
gether with other information needs to be tracked separately in operations per second on a distributed test network. This technology can easily scale to over 100,000 (hundred thousand)
the current state.
It is important to note that the protocol is deterministic in the or more transactions per second with relatively straightforward
sense that the very same state is generated when applying the improvements to server capacity and communication protocols.
has
same sequence of operations (as provided by the blockchain). To achieve this industry-leading performance, BitShares
2
borrowed
lessons
learned
from
the
LMAX
Exchange
,
which
is
This makes blockchain technologies tamper proof and auditable.
able
to
process
6
million
transactions
per
second.
Among
these
In BitShares, over 50 operations are available (as of early
2018). Each of them hooks into the Blockchain protocol at least lessons are the following key points:
three times:
• Keep everything in memory.
• Validation: During validation, the raw instructions (also
referred to as payload) are checked for consistency. E.g.,
in case of a transfer, we ensure that the amount to transfer is
positive.
• Evaluation: In the evaluation step, the operation-specific
instruction is validated against the current state of the
blockchain. In case of a transfer, we here ensure that the
amount to be transferred is available in the account of the
sender.
• Application: This step takes action in the sense that it
modifies the current state. In the case of a transfer, we here
reduce the account balance of the sender and increase the
account balance of the receiver according to the amount of
tokens transferred.
Example: Transfer operation Consider a simple transfer
operation that sends funds from one account to another. Here, the
protocol defines the validation rules such that negative amounts
are prevented. The evaluation ensures that the sender cannot
transfer more than what is in his account balance. When applying
a transfer from Alice to Bob, Alice is credited the transferred
amount while Bob receives the amount. Here, transfer refers
to the operation type, while the sender, receiver, and amount
refers to the operation-specific instructions. Obviously, different
operation types come with different instructions.
1 https://steemit.com/dpos/@dantheman/dpos-consensus-

algorithm-this-missing-white-paper

Release: 20180906

• Keep the core business logic in a single thread.
• Keep cryptographic operations (hashes and signatures) out
of the core business logic.
• Divide validation into state-dependent and stateindependent checks.
• Use an object oriented data model.
By following these simple rules, BitShares is theoretically able to
process >10,000 (ten thousand) transactions per second without
any significant effort devoted to optimization. To put things
into perspective3 , at peak times, the Ethereum and Bitcoin
Blockchain jointly process roughly 0.7% of the peak capacity
of the BitShares Blockchain (Q1/2018) as prove from distributed
stress testing.

3

Identity

BitShares makes use of human-readable account names that have
to be registered together with public-keys in the blockchain prior
to its usage. Thus, the blockchain acts as a name-to-public-key
resolver similar to the traditional domain name service (DNS).
These named accounts enable users to easily remember and
communicate their account information instead of using errorprone addresses. Depending on individual needs, applications
making use of the BitShares Blockchain can create environments
2 https://martinfowler.com/articles/lmax.html
3 http://blocktivity.info/

3.1

P ERMISSIONS

3

which have full KYC (Know Your Customer) support through 3.5
Fees
so called whitelisting which enables a maximum of control or
Similar to most other Blockchains, interacting with the BitShares
transparency when so desired.
Blockchains comes with a fee for using its features (i.e. operations). Each operation comes with its own fee. However, any
other token that is registered on the BitShares Blockchain, next
3.1 Permissions
to the core native BTS token, can be used as fee, if the governor
The BitShares Blockchain designs permissions around accounts, of the other token chooses to support that.
rather than around cryptography, making it easier to use. Every
account can be controlled by weighted combination of other
BTS - The Utility Token
accounts and/or keys. This creates a hierarchical structure that 4
reflects how permissions are organized in real life, and makes
The core native token of the BitShares Blockchain, BTS, serves
multi-user control over funds easier for users. Hence, BitShares
as a utility token and offers governance properties to its holders.
does technically not have multi-signature accounts, but has
Governance describes the progress of governing the Blockchains
multi-account permissions. That said, each public/private key
many variable aspects in a way it it can adapt to future changes
pair is assigned a weight, and a threshold is defined for the
more easily.
authority (see definition below). In order for a transaction to be
valid, enough entities must sign so that the sum of their weights
4.1 Governance
meets or exceeds the threshold.

3.2

Authorities

The BitShares Blockchain employs a first of its kind hierarchical
private key system to facilitate regular keys and backup keys.
Regular (active) keys are for day-to-day usage, while a separate
backup (owner) key can be used to recover access to an account
in case of loss of the regular keys. Ideally the owner key is
meant to be stored offline, and only used when the account’s keys
need to be changed or to recover a lost key. Most software that
supports the BitShares Blockchain also facilitates the use of a
Master Password that encrypts the client’s keys locally.

3.3

Encrypted Memos

An account on the BitShares Blockchain has a so called memo
public key associated with it that allows for initiating encrypted
communications between two parties by means of a shared
secret4 obtain via the Elliptic-curve Diffie-Hellman Algorithm.
This allows to attach encrypted messages to transfers that only
sender and receiver can decrypt.

3.4

Referral Program

Furthermore, the BitShares Blockchain has an integrated onelevel referral system. Basically, everyone interacting on the BitShares blockchain needs to deduct a transaction fee. From that
fee (currently) 20% go into the Working Budget (for future funding of development etc.) and the other 80% go into the referral
program from where, the registrar (who pays the registration fee
and assisted the registration process) as well as the referrer (who
brought the user to the registrar) receive a reward. To opt-out of
the referral program, an account can be upgraded to a so called
Life-Time Member (LTM) which replaces registrar and referrer
for the original user to receive a 80% refund on his fees.
4A

shared secret is a term known from cryptography and describes a piece of
data, known only to the parties involved in a specific secure communication.
The secret can be a password, a passphrase, a big number or any data as long
as it is randomly chosen.

Release: 20180906

On the BitShares Blockchain, decisions are made by the holders
of BTS core native token weighted by the amount of BTS owned.
In order to improve voting participation and simplify the life of
BTS holders, voters can either vote directly or delegate voting
power to so called proxies. This is similar to a representative
democracy, where selected persons decide the course of action.
Those leaders have to account for their actions and can be
unelected by the core token holders. Unwanted actions includes
censoring, favoring, or simply failure to produce blocks in a
timely manner. However, the difference to a democracy is that
voters in the community have their vote weighted by the amount
of BTS that they own in their account.
At any time, voters have to decide on the following aspects of
the BitShares Blockchain.
Members for Block Production (Witnesses) Block production in BitShares is arranged through DPoS which requires
block producers to run for witness and campaign for sufficient
votes from BTS holders before they can produce blocks on the
blockchain and consequently get rewarded per produced block.
Given the governance system and quick re-tallying of votes, a
misbehaving block producer can be dismissed within hours. Next
to the actual selection of block producers, the voters also have a
say over how many block producers should exist.
Members for Blockchain Governance (Committee)
The Committee comprises a board that has control over a few
blockchain parameters such as block size, block time, witness
reward, and over 30 others. Additionally, the committee can
change the fee schedule which defines the minimum fee for each
operation offered by the system. Voters can cast a vote for how
many members the committee should constitute as well as vote
for a particular set of members.
Project Funding (Workers) Last but not least, the voters
have control over who receives funding from the Working Budget
of the Blockchain. A worker applies for project funding and
needs to campaign for sufficient votes before being rewarded.
Similar to block producers and committee members, the rigorous

4.2

I NITIAL A LLOCATION

4

voting system allows almost immediate removal by BTS holders Block Production (Witnesses) Block production comes at
and proxies.
a cost for running and maintaining equipment. The BitShares
Blockchain acknowledges this fact by rewarding block producers
in core BTS tokens per produced block. Depending on the
4.2 Initial Allocation
valuation of BTS, the committee can modify the amount of BTS
rewarded per block. As of Q1/2018, each block is rewarded with
The way that BitShares, as it exists today, came into existence 1 BTS. Those BTS are taken from the working budget.
is well documented in the archives of bitsharestalk.org. The
BitShares Blockchain was created on 13th of October 2015
Project Funding (Workers) A certain amount of the daily
by the community and block producers of BitShares 0.9 who
available tokens can be allocated to make development possible
decided to start a new token with a distribution identical to where
by means of workers. Anyone can set up a worker on the
0.9 had evolved. It was based on code developed with private
BitShares Blockchain and ask for a daily allowance in BTS. If the
resources and given to the world for anyone to use under the MIT
BTS holders approve a particular worker, the BTS are transferred
license. The previous BitShares 0.9 Blockchain was abandoned
from the daily budget. A soft-limit defines the maximum amount
by the community who had the option to continue that chain but
of the daily budget that is given to all approved workers. Consedeclined to do so.
quently, those workers that have received more votes from BTS
In the genesis block of the BitShares Blockchain a total of holders will receive their funds first. This means that workers,
2,412,042,197.37963 BTS have been distributed to individual even if approved, may not be funded if the aforementioned
keys accordingly. These BTS can still be claimed by proving threshold is hit. Furthermore, workers constantly stand under the
ownership of the corresponding private key.
scrutiny of the BTS holders who can disapprove (i.e. retract their
The BTS token comes with a limited supply that is dif- vote, ’fire’) workers that do not deliver.
ferent from circulating (liquid) supply. A max supply of
3,600,570,502.10207 BTS has been put in place on the
4.5 Transaction Fees & Fee Schedule
blockchain. This can never change. The difference of initial
roughly 1.1B was set aside for future project funding and reward- Additional to block production and project funding which can
ing block producers, and is only accessible with approval by the drain tokens from the working budget, there are transaction fees
BTS holders through the worker system. This so called working paid by users of the BitShares Blockchain that go back into the
budget is also often referred to as reserves. It is worth noting working budget. As a consequence, the total amount of BTS in
that revenues made from transactions fees are not shared with the working budget as well as the total in- and out-flow highly
holders of BTS but instead go back into the working budget to varies over time. However, if compared to most proof-of-workfurther allow future development. There is no reward for holding based Blockchains that constantly reward a (more or less) fixed
the core BTS token in any way.
amount of tokens to miners, the BitShares Blockchain has a
chance to have the working budget grow and consequently the
circulating supply shrink. This is the case if the total transactions
4.3 Supply
fees outweigh the tokens used for block production and project
funding.
In this section, we would like to discuss the actual supply of While, the BTS holders have choices to either increase or dethe core BTS token in more detail. Firstly, we define the max crease the funds used for block production and project fundsupply as that supply that can at most be in circulation, similar to ing, the committee has the choice to adapt the transaction fees
how there will only ever be up to 21 million BTC on the Bitcoin by means of updating the fee schedule. In contrast to other
Blockchain. Furthermore, the circulating supply represents that Blockchains, the BitShares Blockchain comes with fixed fees
amount that currently is in circulation and held by participants on instead of a fee market5 . The schedule defines which feature
the Blockchain. Obviously, the circulating supply will always be of the Blockchain requires which amount of transaction fee for
smaller than or equal to the max supply. Furthermore, for voting, using it.
only the circulating supply applies.

4.6
4.4

Legality of the BTS token

Working Budget

It is worth noting that the BitShares Blockchain is not a traditional registered entity and has no seat. The core token BTS
The difference between max supply and circulating supply is
does not imply any ownership rights. The core token merely
called the Working Budget and has often in the past been referred
serves as a utility for governance, arranging transaction fees
to as the reserves. The BitShares Blockchain has a daily budget
and operating other features that are solely implemented on the
to use for development. This budget has a hard-coded upper limit
BitShares Blockchain.
of
Total funds in the working budget/2924.
From this daily budget, block production as well as for project
funding are made. Of course, the BTS holders have the choice
and need to approve BTS tokens leaving the working budget.

Release: 20180906

5 https://arxiv.org/abs/1709.08881

