BITSCREENER
Financial Data and Content Ecosystem Powered by
Blockchain
BitScreener Team
https://bitscreener.com
Friday 18th May, 2018
Abstract
BitScreener is a finance-focused unified platform of cryptocurrency and stock tracker
powered by blockchain. It integrates data of separated spaces of stock and cryptocurrency
into a single platform, allowing traders and investors to track their investments across the
domains seamlessly. At the same time, writers and researchers can contribute new content
to the system for rewards. BitScreener leverages the blockchain incentivization mechanism
for user engagement and content quality. The visualization tools (charts, table, news, etc.)
of the data subsystem support writers to create new content easily within the platform.
Once published, the newly generated content is transparently evaluated by the community
for rewards. The two subsystems data and decentralized content of the system are weaved
together, making BitScreener a unique ecosystem evolving overtime. BitScreener aims at
tracking 2000+ cryptos, 100,000+ stocks and thousands of other equities around the globe
in real-time for its community.

1

Introduction and Problem Statements

Finance is considered as the most important sector to the functioning of the world economy.
Distributing accurate information in real-time to investors, traders or financial professionals
plays key role in making right decisions, which might affect the future of organizations. The
current financial content providers have several shortcomings in providing quality content to
their communities. Benefits and interests of the service providers are the designers’ goals,
putting aside their users’. Consumers may be loaded with biased information based solely
on the providers’ view or interests (e.g., finance, politics, etc.) There is no transparent and
auditable way for the consumers to reflect their views about the information, which might
mislead the community. We summarize some of the key issues in the existing financial data
and content systems.
• One-sided, biased, and low-quality information. The media delivers information
to primarily accommodate the perspectives of the owners, editors or authors, with limited
approval from users or without getting reviews from the viewers. According to the 2016
Gallup News poll on trust in the media, only 32% of Americans said they trust the
media, declining from 40% in 2015 [1]. The report also said that the key factor of the
deterioration in trust was biased and fake news. As an example, Fox News - an American
basic cable and satellite television channel, has been the subject of several controversies
and allegations on biased news coverage [2]. In finance, the biased news is typically
1

disseminated as “pump-and-dump” schemes for the unethical gains. In 2017, the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) conducted a wide-reaching investigation into
illegal stock promotions. The promoters were alleged to have published bullish articles
on some stocks for payment from the companies they covered between 2011 and 2014.
Several of the articles cited by the SEC were published on SeekingAlpha [3] that allows
viewers to examine (i.e., to vote) any posted information by voting mechanism to verify
the quality of the news. The examination process, however, is still limited since the
incentives are not strong enough. The viewers conduct the examination, generally for
free, that leads to our next shortcoming of the prevailing systems.
• Unfair share distribution. It is well-known that social platforms retain the revenue
to their shareholders without sharing with their users. Popular financial forums such
as BitcoinTalk or TradingView1 mimic the Facebook and Twitter business models for
generating revenue. There is no difference in benefit sharing - they get most of their
income by selling advertisement or monetize their user information [4, 5]. For instance,
BitcoinTalk - the largest cryptocurrency online forum, has more than 30 million posts
on millions of topics created voluntarily by nearly 2 million free members worldwide [6].
BitcoinTalk gets their income by selling banner ads to crypto-related startups. Although
several websites such as SeekingAlpha try to resolve that problem by sharing a small
portion of the income to the contributors, the fairness is still an issue; only a few highlyranked users earn the share in an undisclosed ratio. As social media is becoming the
bigger part of everyone’s daily activities, the paradigm of the traditional profit-sharing
needs to be changed. Contributors and readers should be treated fairly based on their
content contributions which are justified by communities. The system should be for the
people, not a single centralized provider.
• Stagnant financial information. Despite significant changes, most of the existing
financial data systems have not matched with the readers’ needs. Users have very poor
experience in controlling over the content or reflecting their views. For example, Finviz2
and CoinMarketCap only provide stock charts or crypto quotations with very limited
interaction between the systems and users or among users. Users are hardly giving
feedback on the information on those websites. In different systems such as StockTwit,
interactions and communications are the main focuses but detailed data is missing. It
is extremely difficult for a trader to make a trading decision without referring to other
platforms for gathering information. As a result, users may miss their opportunities
due to time delay, high cost, and data inconsistency. It will be much better and more
effective if users can get all the real time data and able to interact with other peers within
a single platform. Users can quickly make a right trading decision if they can acquire
the financial data via charts, tables, or news from a data vendor and control their own
content by looking at high quality news which are upvoted by their peers(i.e., approval).
The process is transparent where no one is able to control the content and its quality.
Unifying the two above discussed components of financial data and user-generated content
(interactions) is a natural design to serve its community.
• Disconnected financial world: crypto vs. stock. The recent cryptocurrency craze
has attracted many traders and investors - most of them are trading stock, forex or other
types of equities. Robinhood - a free stock trading gateway, drew more than a million
users after cryptocurrencies are tradable on their platform (Robinhood app). By enabling
trading cryptos, Robinhood integrates the two domains of stocks and cryptocurrencies
1
2

https://tradingview.com
https://finviz.com

2

into a single gateway that serves both stock and crypto enthusiasts. Similarly, famous
equity exchanges CME (Chicago Mercantile Exchange) and CBOE (Chicago Board Options Exchange) offered future trading of Bitcoin in late 2017 to meet the needs of their
investors. From a data processing standpoint, the is no difference between in exhibiting
cryptocurrencies and other equities. Each crypto or stock is presented by its quotation,
charts, news, and analysis. Thus, their data should be unified into a single platform to
benefit both user groups.
Many other crowdsourced content systems such as TradingView, StockTwits3 tried to address the problems. However, those systems have not resolved the issues. BitScreener’s financial
ecosystem is a blockchain-based approach designed to tackle these challenges. It blends the fundamental financial data into the community-generated content. It marries the crypto domain
with the traditional equity world. It improves the quality of information by recommendation
algorithms. And, more importantly, it guarantees the profit-sharing by putting the benefits of
the BitScreener community as the highest priority, where both content creators and viewers
are rewarded for their contributions. The community-generated content is distributed utilizing
social interaction and the corresponding rewards are publicly transparent and auditable using
the undeniable smart contract on the Ethereum network.

2

Blockchain and Smart Contract

A blockchain is a decentralized, distributed and open digital bookkeeper that is used to immutably log transactions on the computer machines across its network. The blockchain bookkeeper, also called blockchain database or ledger, stores the transaction records that will not
be altered without changing all subsequent blocks of the network [7]. The key significance of
blockchain is that it allows the participants across the global computer network to verify and
audit transactions immediately and inexpensively. In other words, the blockchain database
is maintained, controlled, and verified autonomously by a peer-to-peer network of tamperproofing servers worldwide. The blockchain data is immutable so it is perfect for recording
a digital asset. The blockchain allows each unit of digital value to be transferred only once,
completely avoiding the problem of double spending. This opens up a new computer protocol called a value-exchange protocol which is faster, safer and less expensive compared with
traditional systems.
Blockchain with smart-contract capability is considered as a blockchain version 2.0 [8].
While the blockchain technology (blockchain version 1.0) that empowers Bitcoin transactions
only allows to record the digital-asset transactions, the blockchain 2.0 allows to deploy immutable code that works as a tamper-resistant contract between two or more parties. For
example, Ethereum network runs on a network of computer nodes worldwide to ensure that
data and small program code, called smart contracts, are executed on all network participants’
machines without a central party. Ethereum takes one steps further from the Bitcoin network
by creating an unstoppable censorship-resistant self-sustaining decentralized digital agreement
written in computer code by computer across the globe. What Bitcoin does is storing distributed data, Ethereum does is storing distributed data plus running computer piece of code.
The small computer codes being run are called smart contracts, and the contracts are run by
participants on their machines using a sort of operating system called a “Ethereum Virtual
Machine” [9]. The Ethereum network is the second largest blockchain network in terms of
processed transaction numbers, just after the Bitcoin blockchain network.
Blockchain-based smart contracts are digital agreements that can be partially or fully executed or enforced without human coordinators. The immutable code of the blockchain database
3

https://stocktwits.com

3

Figure 1: BitScreener Ecosystem is a fusion of several technologies: it has the crowdsourced
financial data and content component, the voting mechanism and the incentivization using
blockchain-based tokens.
decrease moral hazards and optimize the use of digital contracts in general. Ethereum implementations of the smart contract could enable the coding of contracts that will execute when
specified conditions are met. A blockchain smart contract would be enabled by extensible programming instructions that define and execute an agreement. For instance, Ethereum Solidity
is an open-source blockchain project that was built specifically to realize this possibility by implementing a Turing-complete programming language capability to implement such contracts
[9].
A critical question is whether we can employ smart contract and blockchain-based tokens
to empower the financial content delivery and unify the worlds of cryptocurrency and the stock
market. Our BitScreener Ecosystem is a solution just for that.

3

BitScreener Solution

BitScreener is an innovative financial ecosystem using blockchain-based incentivisation in order to solve the problems of (1) unfair profit sharing, (2) biased information, (3) fragmented
financial data system and community content system, and (4) fragmented stock and crypto
domains as mentioned above in the financial data and content delivery. BitScreener integrates
several advancements of the existing content delivery and crowdsourcing systems for finance
field with a focus on economic incentives. Such fusion is implied in Fig. 1.
The Bitscreener ecosystem is a community-generated financial content system that utilizes
blockchain-based rewards, in order to improve the fairness among various parties. The
system will evaluate certain user’s social actions, such as writing a well-researched article,
editing a post, or upvoting/downvoting a piece of information. Upon evaluation, these actions
are later translated into points (BSP) depending on how their actions benefit to the community.
The points will then be converted into an Ethereum-based BitScreener tokens (BITX) that can
4

Table 1: Comparison among different financial data and crowdsourced content platforms
Platforms
Rewarding Cryptos & Stocks Crowdsourced Multi-Exchanges
CoinMarketCap
X
Yahoo Finance
X
SeekingAlpha
X
MarketWatch
X
Steemit
X
X
Investopedia
X
TradingView
X
X
X
BitScreener
X
X
X
X
be held in Ethereum Wallets such as MyEtherWallet or MetaMask. In addition, the points or
tokens can be used to unlock advanced features in the platform that would usually be purchased
with fiat money.
Different from other existing systems, BitScreener, is designed to accommodate both
crypto and stock data in a single platform. It works similar to CoinMarketCap for crypto
and Finviz for Stocks. BitScreener, from a financial data processing and content delivering
context, removes the boundaries between stocks and cryptocurrencies. This will allow traders
to do their due diligence for their trading decision on a single platform. The success of the
crypto domain can be translated to the success of the stock domain. It is also worthwhile to
note that some of those functionalities have already been implemented in our iOS App (Crypto
Tracker by BitScreener4 ) and Web (https://bitscreener.com).
The information on BitScreener is high-quality, multi-sided, and un-biased based on
the wisdom of the crowd. Adopting the voting mechanism from Wikipedia and StackOverflow, any information can be scrutinized by the community. Because each action is reflected
in the amount of BSP of the viewers, the action will have to be authentic. Furthermore, the
information posted is not final - it will always be improved by any other viewers or editors with
higher qualifications. This design ensures the consistency in the quality of the information
submitted. The methodology of “content quality increment” by the crowd is popular among
famous content portals including Wikipedia and StackOverflow. In addition, because users
have their profile posted and voted, any action of “pump-and-dump” is much more difficult
than that of the prevailing social media.
BitScreener is unique compared to other platforms. In particular, it is vastly different from
the platform Steemit. BitScreener addresses the specific problem of the financial world while
Steemit is a multipurpose blog. Additionally, BitScreener is also distinct from other platforms
such as CoinMarketCap, Yahoo Finance, SeekingAlpha, Investopedia, and TradingView as it
has a community forum with rewards based on performance-driven points and blockchain-based
tokens. And it merges the primitive financial data system with content created by users as well
as integrated equity markets within the new crypto market - all in one ecosystem.
Table 1 compares BitScreener with some common platforms.

4

System Architecture

From the technical standpoint, BitScreener can be divided into two subsystems. The first one
- the financial data subsystem works by extracting trading data from financial exchanges (i.e.,
from cryptocurrencies, equity exchanges, or media outlets); then processing and preparing the
data. It provides information for end users through visualized charts, tables, text, or notifica4

https://itunes.apple.com/app/apple-store/id1240849311?mt=8

5

Figure 2: BitScreener Ecosystem with two subsystems: (1) Financial data subsystem that
includes three modules: data collector, data processing and mining module, and visualization
and (2) Content subsystem.
tions on frontend sides (the BitScreener App or Web). The second part of the architecture is
the blockchain-based community-generated content subsystem where writers or professionals
can create content in exchange for a reward. The data subsystem provides free and paid services, and users have the options to purchase these services using the BitScreener Token BITX.
The content subsystem, on the other hand - enables users to earn rewards in form of BITX via
socialized activities such as creating, reviewing or editing information. The two subsystems
work cooperatively with each other, in a way that improves both subsystems. The users rely
on the charts, news, and the informed data subsystem to create knowledgeable articles, while
the data subsystem processes the crowdsourced data to filter the significant information. Next,
we will describe each subsystem in detail.

4.1

Financial Data Subsystem

The financial data subsystem includes the data collector, the data processor, and the informing
unit. The data collector extracts the trading data which is normally the open price, close price,
high price, low price and volume of the traded equity and the quality is normally defined by
the delivery frequency, latency, format, reliability. For cryptocurrencies, the data collector can
get data directly via open APIs of the cryptocurrency exchanges such as Binance, Bittrex, or
Poloniex. For stock exchanges, the data can be bought via the financial data vendors such as
Bloomberg, Interactive Data Corporation, or MorningStar [10]. Those vendors commercialize
the data of almost all equities around the world - from those listed on New York Stock Exchange
(NYSE), Shanghai Stock Exchange (SSE), to ones listed on Vietnam Stock Exchanges (HOSE).
In addition, the finance-focused news or discussions on the variety of media outlets and social
networks such as Google News, Twitter, and Reddit will be harvested by the data collector.
For example, our current BitScreener data collector extracts the number of Twitter followers
to each cryptocurrency Twitter page. This number is meaningful in the sense that it indicates
the number of potential adopters.
Charting visualization literally is the most important aspect to inform traders and investors
on the price movements of a financial instrument. BitScreener’s current charting tool, avail6

Figure 3: Screenshots of current BitScreener App and Web. The App and Web have served
over 1.2 million traders and investors worldwide near 70,000 Daily Active Users (DAU).
able on both the App and Web version, empowers people to access and analyze the data of
both cryptos and stocks in the same manner. It summarizes large volumes of information
into graphs, tables, and maps that can be easily comprehended and referenced. This helps
traders when making quick decisions and enables them to utilize and draw various technical
indicators or technical overlays such as SMA, Bollinger Bands, RSI, etc. BitScreener uses the
latest visualization tools so that users can perform their technical analysis right on the website
efficiently. BitScreener is also a financial news compiler and discussion aggregator.
Alert or notification features of any financial application play a decisive role in informing
the trader on the movement of the financial instrument. Traders typically want to be the first
to get updates on any events associated with their investment vehicle, so that they be prepared
with their investments ahead of others. For this reason, notification is a prioritized feature on
our platform. The current BitScreener App allows users to get price alerts, volume alerts, and
market cap alerts, right on their mobile devices. To make this possible, the backend server
with the data collector is carefully configured so that the alert can be triggered by the specified
price or volume movement of cryptos directly from exchanges. For example, users can set a
price alert for LTC/EUR on the exchange GDAX and be confident they will be notified in
real-time from the exchange. Similarly, users are also able to set a volume change alert for a
coin with information from nearly 100 crypto exchanges. Once our full product is completed,
users will also be able to set a notification for almost all cryptos and equities across major
markets worldwide. It is very accomplishable because the format of data and charts for stocks
and cryptos are almost the same.
The informing unit of BitScreener includes the Screening Tool, which is an outstanding
feature of the BitScreener App and Web. This tool offers hundreds of filtering criteria that
helps traders efficiently scan cryptos or stocks of their interests - rather than surfing through
the massive number of the investment instruments. The ability to “screen” or filter through the
thousands of cryptocurrencies based on specified criteria is a powerful feature that is unique
to only BitScreener. The adjustable parameters include price, volume (24hr.), market capitalization, exchange, performance, order, type, and age. The newest version of BitScreener just
added several important filtering criteria such as algorithms, 52w average volume, circulating
supply and maximum supply. Being able to quickly sort and find the coins that exactly meet
7

Figure 4: Layer-based community-generated content subsystem
the specified criteria is a critical advantage for both traders and investors. The platform now
also includes some pre-set screeners that enables users to conveniently browse some cryptos
such as gainers, losers, or newly-added cryptos. There are also miscellaneous information features such as market heatmap, latest financial news, but the details of those features are out
the the scope of this white paper.
What we have implemented: Our existing BitScreener App and Web have completed
the most important functionalities of the data subsystems for the cryptocurrency domain. The
data from famous exchanges include Binance, Bittrex, Poloniex, or GDAX are fed in real-time
to our system. The data are processed and displayed to crypto users via the chart, tables,
news compilers and notifications. Fig. 3 displays a screenshot of our available BitScreener
App and Web. Currently, the App and Web have served over 1.2 million traders and investors
worldwide near 70,000 Daily Active Users (DAU).

4.2

Blockchain-based Content Subsystem

While the financial data subsystem provides price, chart visualization, notification to users,
the content subsystem is an interface for BitScreener members to communicate and exchange
knowledge with each other. More innovative than other social networks, the content subsystem
is powered by blockchain networks. Fig. 2 expresses the overview of the subsystem that
composes of a blockchain part, the content part, and the end user part. This subsystem can be
translated into a layered architecture as illustrated in Fig. 4 with three main layers: (1) User
Interfaces, (2) BitScreener Data Manager, and (3) Blockchain-based network.
User Interfaces: This layer includes interfaces (e.g., web, apps, etc.) via which individuals
can interact with BitScreener such as reading, voting or creating new content. We build a closed
ecosystem where a user can utilize several functionalities of BitScreener such as analyzing tools,
graphical tools, etc. to create and post the content. The process of creating high-quality content
is just simple as posting a status on Facebook.
Community Data Manager: This is the heart and soul of the subsystem. It includes several novel algorithms and implementations such as Content Verifier, BSP, Content Distributor,
8

and BITX, etc.
• Content Verifier: This module plays as a system’s guard to verify the originality of
the created content. It links with the internal content database of BitScreener as well as
external databases on the Internet (e.g., Google Search, Bing, etc.) to verify the source of
the newly generated content. For example, if a user copies the content from somewhere
on the Internet and posts it in BitScreener, our Content Verifier should be able to detect
and mark it as invalid for point and token rewards. If we identify the original source,
all BSP and BITX will be awarded to the original creator. We also emphasize that
Content Verifier is only the first guarding shield of verifying the quality of published
content. The second shield is the reviewers. As we indicate in our use case below, a set of
good credentials of reviewers is selected for reviewing the content as well. Thus, we are
very confident that the published content in BitScreener platform is good quality that
benefits the community. Finally, the readers will vote up the published content to assess
its content over its lifetime.
• BitScreener Point (BSP): Once the newly created content is verified and accepted by
reviewers, it is fed to our BSP unit for calculating the points which later will be converted
to BITX. On the other hand, the rejected article is also awarded some points, which is
less compared with the accepted article, to appreciate the effort of the writer. We also
emphasize that the published content will be paid additional points (or BITX) based
on the number of upvotes by readers over its lifetime. Our system calculates the points
based on the consensus feedback (i.e., upvotes) of users who consume the content. All
the information of the process is stored in the blockchain which is publicly available to
the community.
• BitScreener Token (BITX): Once the user accumulates enough points, the system will
convert the points to BITX. BITX can be used as a payment method to buy advanced
features of the ecosystem. This mechanism is implemented by a smart contract which
is automatically executed when the certain conditions are satisfied. The conditions are
sufficient amounts of points and sufficient matured times. Participants need to store their
points for a period of time before being able to convert to the tokens. Our idea is to
encourage the community to make more of their contribution to the long-term growth of
the ecosystem.
• Content Distribution: A critical component of the BitScreener platform is the content
distribution component. This component automatically feeds the newly accepted content
to target consumers based on their interests. This component consists of machine learning
algorithms which learn users history content usage and subscriptions for matching with
the newly created content. This approach plays an important role in promoting the
content over its lifetime by feeding it to targeted readers. As a result, writers who
contribute good content will be awarded over the lifetime of the content as long as the
community consumes and values the content.
Blockchain Network: The lowest layer of the content subsystem is blockchain network
(e.g., Ethereum) that executes the smart contracts of transferring the BITX from the BITX
pool to the contributors or between users. Those smart contracts are public for the sake of
the transparency. As said earlier, the Ethereum blockchain network is a decentralized network
consisting of a large number of machines which are miners. Once the transactions performed
on the Ethereum network, they are immutable. It is important to highlight that each user
on BitScreener does not involve in the mining process of Ethereum blockchain network. The
“mining” process of BITX are different and will be explained in more details in the next
sections.
9

Figure 5: Accumulative percentage of BITX “mined” by content contributors from the reserved
pool (90,000,000 BITX) after each year.

5

BitScreener Token Economy

The breakthrough of BitScreener is the blockchain-based incentivization via token BITX. BITX
is a vehicle for transferring value between content contributors and content consumers. The
financial writers or researchers who deliver the value will be awarded BITX and the readers or
traders who consume value, to some degree, may need to spend the tokens. These economic
incentives help the ecosystem sustain and grow. By using the blockchain tokens, this mechanism
of incentives is far more advantageous than that based on other means of payment such as fiat
money or traditional gift card. BITX will be transacted faster, cheaper, and more accurate
on the blockchain, regardless of the amount and the geographical locations. The transactions
of BITX are transparently public to all related parties. This section presents the details on
how, for token holders, to buy premium features on BitScreener using tokens and how, for
contributors, to earn rewarding tokens from delivering high-quality content to the community.
The “mining” process from the reserved token pool and the conversion between BSP and BITX
will be examined.

5.1

“Mine” BITX by Contributing Content

BitScreener’s economic incentives are inspired by Bitcoin mining mechanism. Bitcoin mining
is the activity by which transactions are validated and appended to blocks in the chain, i.e.,
the blockchain [11]. The mining allows un-explored bitcoins remained to be released and to
be circulated. It is the process of competition in which computers try to be the first to solve
a difficult cryptographic puzzle (Proof-of-Work). The first one getting the answer claims the
new Bitcoin. The amount of new Bitcoin released with each mined block is called the mining
reward. The mining reward is halved every 210,000 blocks or approximately every 4 years.
The mining reward began at 50 Bitcoin in 2009, is now 12.5 in 2018. And this will continue
to 6.25, 3.125, 1.5625, and so on. This diminishing block reward will result in a total release
of Bitcoin that approaches 21 million. The mining process of Bitcoin is predicted to last until
2140 [12].
BitScreener leverages the well-known mining process in Bitcoin to incentivize the contrib10

utors - the “miners”. The “miners” of BitScreener need to share their knowledge to make
the content of the BitScreener Ecosystem improved. They may create knowledgeable research
articles, edit, or vote an article. This is, somehow, similar to the bitcoin mining in which contributors share the computation resource of their machines. To this end, the mining process
of BitScreener can be termed as “Proof-of-Knowledge”. The amount of the contributions will
be mathematically computed through the evaluation by other peers. The evaluation is then
translated to BSP which will be converted to an appropriate amount of BITX. This amount
will be released from the reserved pool and will be circulated on the blockchain. The reserved
tokens account for 20.0% of the total supply that is equivalent to 90, 000, 000 BITX. It will
take some time to unlock all those remaining BITX. We set this period to be 15 years.
We need to find a proper token distribution agenda so that it promotes the viability of the
ecosystem over time. We propose a schedule for the distribution as followings: Assume that
during the first year, N tokens will be distributed to the contributors; during the following
years, the number of released BITX will reduce to 20% compared to the preceding year. Thus
0.8 × N in the second year, 0.8 × 0.8 × N in the third year, 0.8 × 0.8 × 0.8 × N in the fourth year,
and so on, will be released to the contributors. The distribution rate diminishes year after year
so that all 90, 000, 000 BITX will be unlocked during the “mining” period of 15 years. The
amount in the first year N can be calculated via following equation
N + 0.8 × N + 0.82 × N + ... + 0.813 × N + 0.814 × N = 90, 000, 000.

(1)

Solving this equation gives us N ≈ 18, 672, 200 BITX. Fig. 6 shows the accumulative percentage
of tokens released after each year. After 15 years, all 90, 000, 000 BITX reserved tokens will
be released to the contributors. Apparently, the first year will deliver the largest mount and
the last year will release the smallest amount. An interesting question is how the contributor
get rewarded after this phase. BitScreener adopts the same Bitcoin’s policy. It is the revenue
obtained from selling features on the platforms which will be used to reward to the contributors.

5.2

Spend BITX to Buy Premium Services

Like any other types of utility tokens that is popular in gaming portals, BITX can be used
to purchase advanced features in BitScreener Ecosystem. For example, instead of using fiat
money to unlock the real-time price movement notification (alert) on our iOS app, users may
use BITX to subscribe to those features. As the ecosystem grows, more advanced features will
be added. A financial professional, for instance, can produce a high-quality research report of
a financial instrument and sell it to interested traders or a trader may exchange with viewers
a finance-focused tutorial for BITX. In other words, users spend BITX to buy knowledge from
other contributors. To this end, BitScreener is a marketplace for knowledge on finance where
buyers and sellers exchange their ideas through underlined BITX.
The system with blockchain-based tokens for exchanging the services, as discussed in the
previous subsection, has more advantages over the common ones using fiat money. If using
the fiat money-based scheme, a service provider may have to use the third parties
for the transactions that obviously incur more fee. For instance, to allow users to
purchase features on the mobile app, BitScreener, as an app publisher, needs to integrate
the In-App Purchase module made by Apple and Google. Apple and Google, who host the
BitScreener mobile App, will charge 30% of every transaction. Similarly, if we implement
an In-App Purchase feature on the BitScreener Web, we need to implement a third party
Point-of-Sale system in which the payment is normally made by credit card. There will be
an amount of 3%-5% subtracted from the payment associated with those transactions. BITX
tokens, instead, working on the public blockchain, can completely remove that costly fee. The
transaction fee on blockchain is normally smaller and can be neglect when compared with those
11

Figure 6: BSP and BITX Conversion Flow
of using the third party ones. Those supposed fees should be counted toward the reward paid
to the contributors rather than to the intermediate agencies.

5.3

BSP and BITX Conversion

BSP is a linking bridge between the contributors with decentralized consensus tokens BITX.
Such connection is expressed in Fig. 6. For each amount of contributed value, BitScreener
will map to BSP according to a fixed rate. That amount can be measured by, for example,
the number of votes or the number of views. For this reason, BSP is similar to the number of
upvotes that ranks users in many other crowdsourced content systems such as StackOverflow
or Quora. For example, we can set a conversion of fixed rate such as 1:1, meaning that one vote
is equal to one BSP. The code to execute the rate will be public on blockchain for transparency.
Besides exchanging to BITX, BSP can also be used to buy advanced services of BitScreener,
similarly to the tokens. For example, price alert features on mobile can be unlocked using an
appropriate amount of the points. This shortcut eliminates the redundant steps of converting
to BITX in order to access to advanced services, which can save extra transaction fees and
time.
It is important to note that the BSP, once generated, are not immediately converted to
BITX. The points will be available for conversion to BITX after the matured period and in a
ratio which depends on the supply and demand for BITX on the Bitscreener platforms. There
are three main reasons that we want to hold BSP for a while in the system.
• Having more points implies the seniority level of users. They have more incentivization
to contribute good content, i.e., they are more responsible users.
• We want users to invest in long-term in the Bitscreener Ecosystem that will benefit the
whole community.
• That helps to regulate and ensure the fairness of the conversion ratio between BSP and
BITX.
As described in Fig. 6, BSP and BITX create a circulation and are interchangeable.
BitScreener users can save or retrieve their tokens from Ethereum-compatible wallets. The
users with BITX may use them to power up their BSP to become more powerful users. The
12

users can also use any of the BITX or BSP to purchase their advanced in-app features or
services of the BitScreener Ecosystem. This closed loop makes a great difference between our
BitScreener Ecosystem and other existing systems. We will discuss some particular user cases
of generating BSP in the next section.

6

A Use Case of BSP

BSP is a measurement of user contributions. BSP is computed, based on the value generated
by users. This computation is a common problem that is already solved in many crowdsourced
systems, from community-based content forums such as Wikipedia, StackOverflow to commercial marketplaces such as Netflix or Amazon where users vote for a movie or a selling product.
In this section, the details and a use case of content creation and its BSP distribution will be
discussed.
• Content Contribution: BitScreener operates based on the interactions of its community. A user contributes new content and the community reads and gives feedback (e.g.,
comment or upvote), both of them will be rewarded for their contributions. When a user
upvotes or comments on a writer’s content, it initiates discussions, facilitates knowledgesharing within the community which is one of the main objectives of the BitScreener
platforms.
• How Rewards Are Divided: When a new post gets accepted for publication, the author will earn BSP for their one time publication (which then can be converted to BITX).
After that, if the content is good and receives positive evaluation from the community
(i.e., upvoted by readers), additional BSP will be rewarded to the contributor. In this
process, both author (writer of the content) and readers who vote for the content are
rewarded. As both the contributor and the consumer get paid, BitScreener will divide
rewards, according to an appropriate ratio, between the contributors and the voters. For
example, 70% of a post’s reward can go to the contributor and 30% of the reward goes
to voters.
• Transaction Fee: BitScreener Ecosystem is a feeless system which motivates its community to continuously contribute the content to the system. Despite of feeless, only
good quality content which is upvoted by community can earn rewards over its lifetime.
In other words, users eventually see only good content which benefits its community.
There are many ways the community can promote their content using BitScreener platform.
Particularly, our platform is designed with built-in tools to support creating high quality content within the system. Following are a few typical ways users can contribute to the system
and earn BITX in return.
• Creating New Content: A use case is described in Fig. 7. In this use case, a writer or
researcher can create a new content by using the BitScreener built-in editor. The editor
consists of BitScrener tools such as charts, data analyzing functionalities, etc. External
sources (e.g., news, social network feeds, etc.) can also be searched and linked directly
to the editor to support the writer. Upon completion, the article can be posted directly
on the BitScreener platform for review. The system will run Content Verifier to detect
any plagiarism before releasing it to reviewers. The system will select early bidders who
have good credentials of the related topic. Consensus voting will be used to determine
if the article will be published or not. If the article is rejected, notification will be sent
to the writer along with a submission payment for the effort. On the other hand, if the
13

Figure 7: Flow Chart of Creating New Content in BitScreener Ecosystem.
article is accepted for publication, a publication payment will be awarded to the writer.
At the same time, the system also issues BITX tokens to the selected reviewers. The
newly accepted content is then pushed to the corresponding news feeds of the Content
Distributor on the platform. A key difference between the BitScreener compared with
some other common systems is that the writer will be awarded additional tokens based on
the upvotes by readers over its lifetime. This principle is to encourage users to contribute
high-quality content that benefits its community.
• Curating/Editing/Modifying Content: The users can also earn rewards by curating, editing, or modifying the existing content. In this case, only users that have more
reputation, which is measured by the amount of BSP held, can modify or improve the
existing content on the platform. This process is also applied to the case of content
curation where a curator assembles information relevant to a particular topic or area
of interest. The reward earned by newly generated content will be equally divided to
both the editor/curator and the original author. The implemented model in BitScreener
platform is an adoption of the well-known model of StackOverflow and Wikipedia. The
modification, once accepted by another higher reputation viewers, will result in a reward
of BSP to the one who did it. This is a key for BitScreener to keep the content improved
over time.

7

BitScreener’s Market Overview

The beginnings of stock markets date back to the late 17th century when traders in London
exchanged shares of companies that wanted to raise money for exploration and trading in the
new markets around the world. These trading activities took place in Jonathan’s Coffee House
near the Royal Exchange (itself a place for merchants to trade) in London [13]. In the early
18th century, brokers set up a more formal stock exchange that set the foundation for the
modern London Stock Exchange. Participants were required to enroll the exchange and the
first codified rulebook was introduced later. New York Stock Exchange was established in 1792
when 24 stockbrokers signed the Buttonwood Agreement on Wall Street in New York City [14].
14

Figure 8: Crypto market cap in comparison with other equity market caps.
London emerged as the major exchange for Europe, but many companies that were able to
list internationally still listed in New York Stock Exchange. Since then, many other countries
including Germany, France, the Netherlands, Switzerland, South Africa, Hong Kong, Japan,
Australia and Canada developed their own stock exchanges.
Through many years of development, the stock markets become the biggest medium for
exchanging the equity of an organization and an essential indicator of the global economy.
Companies can raise fund through selling their security via Initial Public Offering. Shareholders of publicly listed companies can swap their shares for other assets via stock exchanges.
Evidently, the market capitalization reflects the size of the economy. As of mid-2017, the size
of the world stock market was about $76.3 trillion. By country, the largest market was the
United States (about 34%), followed by Japan (about 6%) and the United Kingdom (about
6%). There are more than 60 stock exchanges around the world. 16 of which have a market
capitalization of $1 trillion or more that accounts for 87% of global market capitalization.
Since its launch in 2009 by an unidentified group of developers, Bitcoin has become an
online financial vehicle for digital asset store and transmission. Bitcoin has served billions of
transactions between hundreds of million accounts. As of March 2018, the daily transaction
volume was approximately 5 billion at market exchange rates - and the total market value
of all Bitcoin in circulation was $135.5 billion. In addition to Bitcoin, there are more than
2000 other cryptos, normally called “altcoins” that add up to 300 billion market cap and
more than $10 billion of exchange volume. The figure, however, is far less than those of stock
exchanges. For example, NASDAQ alone has the market cap of $9.585 trillion with over 10,000
listing companies and the trading volume of nearly $1 trillion a day. Fig. 8 illustrates this
comparison.
The financial data industry manifests the economic growth as it serves to provide financial
market data and related services to financial institutions, traders and investors. According to
the 2017 Burton-Taylor report, the Market Data industry including market data, analysis and
news exited 2017 at $27 billion, 3.45% increase in global spend for financial information in
2016 [13]. In 2017, Bloomberg and Thomson Reuters market share was at 33.40% and 24.24%
respectively. S&P Global Market Intelligence accounts for 21.85%, Platts 11.14%, S&P Global
Market Intelligence (10.91%), Moody’s Analytics (10.19%) and FactSet (8.72%). As the global
economy expands together with the revolution of Information Technology, more and more
15

Figure 9: Screenshots of user reviews to iOS BitSceener App on the US territories: there are
more than 45 thousand reviews worldwide.
amount of financial data is produced each day. This phenomenon leads to the fast-growing
industry of financial data and content delivery.
Merging the stock market data with new cryptocurrency market data becomes critical to
serve diversified traders and investors regardless of their languages and locations. From a data
and content delivery perspective, stocks are similar to the cryptocurrencies. For the investors
and traders, each trading decision also based on technical charts, news, and analysis. Consequently, those two domains can be essentially built on a single platform. BitScreener, at the
first stage, is built to be the first crypto market tracker with blockchain-based incentivization.
The second stage will be a global equity market tracker with crowdsourced analysis that is
scalable to list a growing number of both cryptos and stocks worldwide.

8

Running Products and Development Roadmap

The concept of crypto market data tracker was formed by the team from several countries including Vietnam, Singapore, the United States, and the Netherlands. In Q1, 2017, we launched
the beta version of BitScreener iOS App called Crypto Tracker by BitScreener. With more
advanced features that are unique such as filtering and technical charting features, the App
quickly attracted more than 1000 Daily Active Users (DAU) during the first month. In Q4,
2017, we added real-time trading crypto pairs to enable live price quotations and charts directly
from exchanges. For example, users can track and draw chart for LTC vs EUR from exchange
GDAX. During the time of writing (March 2018), the App achieved the milestone of 50,000
DAU. Totally, BitScreener App and Web have served over 1.2 million traders and investors.
Importantly, there have been more than 45,000 positive reviews from users worldwide, that
are publicly viewable on the Apple App Store (Fig. 9). The US App Store alone has 13,200
reviews with the average rate of 4.7 out of 5.0. BitScreener App constantly stays in the top
500 most downloaded financial apps in many countries including United Kingdom, Australia,
Singapore, Canada, and Vietnam.
With the objective of building an ecosystem that is accessible on any device, the team has
been developing both App and Web versions. Since it was launched on July 14, the platform
has served millions of traders and investors. Fig. 3 shows the screenshots of the iOS App and
Web as released during February 2018. The team is expecting to deploy the Android App in
Q2, 2018.
BitScreener’s team proposes a long-term plan to realize our objectives. The development
roadmap and the achievements of BitScreener are summarized in Table 2. Specifically, we will
complete the financial data subsystem devoted to cryptocurrency as well as implement the first
16

Table 2: Achievements and Future Development Roadmap
TIMELINE MILESTONES
Q1-2017
Team formation & Conceptualization
Q2-2017
iOS App launched, 1000 daily active users (DAU)
Q3-2017
Web version launched, iOS App 5000 DAU
Q4-2017
iOS App 20,000 DAU
Q1-2018
Real-time price & chart; in top 100 financial apps in 30 countries
Q2-2018
Release the Android Version; Synchronize Portfolio on App and Web
Q3-2018
Deploy the BITX payment module
Q4-2018
Develop the BITX reward module
Q1-2019
Integrate stock-tracking into BitScreener Ecosystem
Q2-2019
Launch Singapore and Vietnam stock market tracker
Q3-2019
Deploy distributed & crowdsourcing trading algorithms
Q4-2019
Launch the global stock market trackers: 30-50 countries
version of community-generated content platform with the blockchain-based point component,
i.e., BSP, in Q3, 2018. Selected users will be able to contribute the value in exchange for BITX
rewards by creating crypto-related articles, editing them or translating them into different
languages, etc. In 2019, we will deliver the full-fledged version of data subsystem and content
subsystem for both cryptos and equity market. By expanding the services in the equity market
worldwide, BitScreener will be a financial gateway and a financial blockchain-based content
pioneer to meet the investment needs of various traders and investors.

9

Token Supply and Allocation

The maximum supply of BITX is 450 million, which is fixed in the Ethereum smart contract.
This supply has been carefully scheduled for distribution over time as well as allocated to
different parties as shown in Fig. 10:
• Crowdsale: We will reserve 31% of the tokens for crowdsale. This crowdsale will take
place from May 19 to July 4. There are three phases: Thank-You BitScreener, Private
Sale and Public Main Sale. Citizens of the United States, Singapore, and OFAC countries
are prohibited from the sale.
• Future Content Contributors (i.e., “miners”): 20% will be reserved for the minersIt will take 15 years to “mine” those tokens. The schedule of releasing tokens over 15
years was discussed in Section 5.1
• Advisors and Bounty Programs: We will assign 4% of the tokens to advisors and
bounty activities.
• Reserved for Future Operations: We will reserve 30% for the future operations.
Those tokens will be locked for two to four years in a multisig wallet.
• Reserved for Team: We reserve 15% for the team’s members. Those tokens will be
locked for one to four year in a multisig wallet.

17

Figure 10: Token Distribution

10

Legal and Compliance

BitScreener Token BITX issuance is administered by BitScreener, Pte Ltd. in Singapore with
Registration Number 201810672H. We are following the best practice in relation to the Token
Sale including whitelisting and KYC/AML via reputable legal and compliance firms: CollyerLaw5 and Cynoptis Solutions6 . There are potential risks of possessing and using BITX, which
have been outlined in the Terms of Sale. Buyers are advised to read the documents carefully
before making any purchase.

11

Team

The BitScreener’s team has been enjoying working together for nearly a year. We are dedicated
and united to make significant progresses and deliver the milestones. Despite living across
different continents with various backgrounds, the members are committed to the innovations
and ultimate goals of BitScreener.
• David Nguyen: graduated with a Ph.D. in Computer Engineering from Oregon State
University - USA. He has published 12 scientific IEEE/ACM conference proceedings
and journals in data mining and computer networking. His publications have been well
recognized in the research community with more than 600 citations (based on Google
Scholar). He is the Winner of Jack Neubauer Award from IEEE TVT transactions.
• Hai Pham: graduated with a BE in Computer Engineering from the Nanyang University
of Technology in Singapore with First Class Honour. Hai Pham was the recipient of
Singapore Government’s ASEAN Scholarship for the talented students. Since graduation,
he has founded several successful startups both in Singapore and in Vietnam.
• Ha Le: graduated with MBA from Vietnam University of Commerce. He was working
in the finance field during the boom time of Vietnam Stock Market in 2005-2009 when
5
6

https://www.collyerlaw.com/
https://www.cynopsis-solutions.com/

18

the Vietnam stock market index - VNIndex increased from 300 to more than 1,000. He
has brought his extraordinary experience in the stock market to the crypto world that is
now reflected on BitScreener products.
• Phong Le: graduated with Ph.D. from Université de Pau et des Pays de l’Adour in
France. His expertise lies in Cryptography, Cyber Security, as well as new Blockchain
technology. He also has extensive skills in cryptographic algorithms (e.g. AES, DES,
MAC, TLS, SHA, RSA, ECC, ...) and cryptanalysis/side channel analysis. He has
worked as a computer scientist with various organizations including National University
of Singapore and Institute for Infocomm Research in Singapore.
• Anh Nguyen: graduated with MS in Computer Engineering from University of Denver,
USA. He is now a data scientist and has published several IEEE/ACM scientific publications on data mining. He enjoys working with data and its visualization, especially,
realizing BitScreener products on mobile devices.
• Quang Hoang: pursuing Software Engineering at FPT University - Vietnam. He received the award for the best student at FPT University in 2015 (only one award each
year). Quang possesses great skills in backend-system programming that guarantees million of real-time queries of crypto price quotations and charts every day to run smoothly.
• Huy Tran: pursuing Software Engineering at FPT University - Vietnam. He received
an award of ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest for Asia region - the
contest for best software programmers around the world, in 2017. He is now working
full-time as a Solidity programmer and blockchain developer for BitScreener.
• Anh Tuan Le: graduated with BS Computer Software Engineering from FPT University
- Vietnam. He received an award of ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest
for Asia region in 2016. He is now working full-time for BitScreener. He is responsible
for developing and maintaining the iOS BitScreener app to be in the top 5 crypto tracker
apps on the Apple App Store.
• Hanh Nguyen: pursuing a BS degree at Vietnam National University in Vietnam. She
is leading the data and content team at BitScreener
• Thu Nguyen: pursuing a BS degree at Vietnam National University in Vietnam. She
is working as a data and business analyst at BitScreener

12

Conclusion

Cryptocurrency is a fast-growing financial area. Coupled with equity markets, cryptocurrency
creates a new and fascinating space and opportunities for financial data processing and content
delivering businesses. BitScreener, as a pioneer in crypto data processing, envisages to consolidate the global financial data delivery and crowdsourced content and fuse the cryptocurrency
market tracker and the equity market tracker. It leverages incentivization of blockchain-based
tokens to present a new earning paradigm to financial content creators, reviewers, and readers
in ways that have not existed within the current platforms. Within BitScreener Ecosystem,
individuals earn real online rewards that are fairly associated with their contributions. More
than the existing financial data platforms and forums, the content and data in BitScreener
Ecosystem are high quality based on examination and evaluation by responsible users. The
goal is to economically align a large group of content contributors to work together to build an
outstanding ecosystem of financial data and content. To be part of our project, please visit us
at https://bitscreener.com.
19

References
[1] “Fox News or CNN: biases impact news - The Appalachian Online,” http://
theappalachianonline.com/2018/01/31/news-cnn-biases-impact-news/, note = (Accessed
on 03/09/2018).
[2] “Fox news controversies - Wikipedia,” https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fox News
controversies, note = (Accessed on 03/09/2018).
[3] “SeekingAlpha
applauds
the
SEC’s
actions
to
stomp
out
stock
promotion
—
SeekingAlpha,”
https://seekingalpha.com/article/
4061813-seeking-alpha-applauds-secs-actions-stomp-stock-promotion, note = (Accessed
on 03/09/2018).
[4] “The price of free: how Apple, Facebook, Microsoft and Google sell you to
advertisers
—
PCWorld,”
https://www.pcworld.com/article/2986988/privacy/
the-price-of-free-how-apple-facebook-microsoft-and-google-sell-you-to-advertisers.html,
(Accessed on 04/06/2018).
[5] “Facebook scandal ignites a privacy awakening,” http://money.cnn.com/2018/03/28/
technology/facebook-data-awakening/index.html, (Accessed on 04/06/2018).
[6] “Bitcoin Forum - Index,” https://bitcointalk.org/, (Accessed on 04/06/2018).
[7] S. Nakamoto, “Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer electronic cash system,” 2008.
[8] “Blockchain 2.0. the purpose of blockchain – polys blog – medium,” https://medium.
com/polys-blog/blockchain-2-0-the-purpose-of-blockchain-e84e5a95cdd9, (Accessed on
04/24/2018).
[9] V.
Buterin
et al.,
“Ethereum
white
paper,”
https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Paper, 2013.

GitHub

repository

-

[10] “Financial data vendor - Wikipedia,” https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Financial data
vendor, (Accessed on 04/06/2018).
[11] “Bitcoin mining definition — Investopedia,” https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/
bitcoin-mining.asp, note = (Accessed on 03/13/2018).
[12] “What will happen when all bitcoins are mined?”
https://99bitcoins.com/
what-will-happen-when-all-bitcoins-are-mined/, (Accessed on 04/21/2018).
[13] “History of the stock market - from the beginning to present time,” https://bebusinessed.
com/history/history-of-the-stock-market/, (Accessed on 04/06/2018).
[14] “Buttonwood agreement - Wikipedia,”
Agreement, (Accessed on 04/21/2018).

20

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buttonwood

