Whitepaper

January 16, 2018 v 1.0

Contents
Whitepaper

1

The World Energy Market: Outlook and Challenges

3

What Problems Does Bittwatt Solve?

6

An overview of BittwattMISSION

8

Our vision

8

Our mission

8

Our goal

8

The Bittwatt platform

8

The Bittwatt business model

10

Technology stack

12

Token and Protocol design

14

The token lifecycle

14

Token sale

15

Business Plan

17

Proceedings of funds

17

Products and services

18

Objectives and cashflow

22

Sales forecast

23

Income

24

Founders

25

Definitions

28

Company Ownership / Legal Entity

30

2

The World Energy Market: Outlook
and Challenges
Our global energy landscape is changing. Traditional centers of demand are being overtaken
by fast-growing emerging markets, all the while technological advances and environmental
concerns are shifting the world’s energy mix. Now - more than ever – the energy industry must
adapt in order to successfully fulfil our need for sustainable power.

What we are witnessing nowadays is a shift from the more traditional pillars of the energy
sector - such as coal-fired power plants and onshore oil and gas fields - to an energy sector
where hydropower and other renewable energy sources provide significantly larger shares
for market consumption. With the world’s net electricity production forecasted to grow by
45% to a total of 34 trillion kWh in 2040, latest macroeconomic analyses focus on five main
challenges that endanger the energy ecosystem:
•

Maintaining a balanced and diversified energy mix;

•

Assuring further development of natural gas infrastructure and supply;

•

Expanding the role of biomass in household heating;

•

High-efficiency cogeneration and modernization of CHP production facilities1;

•

Increasing energy efficiency all the while countering energy poverty.

According to the US EIA2, latest projections show an increased world consumption of marketed
energy from all fuel sources through to the year 2040. Renewables are currently the world’s
fastest-growing energy source at a rate of 2.3%/year (2015 - 2040), with nuclear power
on second place with a 1.5% yearly increase during the same period. 20% of total power
consumed worldwide is currently attributed to residential and commercial sector accounts
combined, but these are currently forecasted to grow by 1.1% per year until 2040.

1

CHP = Combined Heat and Power producers for centralized heating

2

US Energy Information Administration

3

World energy consumption by energy source - Quadrillion Btu

While each market member has its own unique set of requirements and products, the
electricity market can be structured into the following categories of participants:
•

Producers

•

Suppliers

•

Electricity market operators

•

Transport and system operators (TSOs)

•

Distribution system operators (DSOs)

•

Electricity traders

•

Final customers.

With respect to the nature of electricity and trading market frameworks:
•

producers may generate more or less energy than estimated and sold;

•

customers may consume more or less energy than contracted;

•

and traders may buy more or less energy than they have sold.

4

Such cases, known simply as energy imbalances3, are instances where energy is (in effect)
bought from or sold to the NGTS4. For each trading period two cash-out prices5 are used to
settle such differences. Electricity balancing arrangements, and in particular cash-out prices,
provide incentives for producers and suppliers to invest in secure supplies and better balance
positions in order to meet demand, especially when the systems are stretched to their limits.

They are therefore pivotal to securely deliver the electricity in a competitive market. In
particular, we expressed concerns that cash-out prices are not providing the correct signals for
the market to balance itself, thus increasing supply security risks and undermining balancing
processes’ efficiency, ultimately increasing costs unnecessarily.

That being said, one of today’s major issues is that service balancing mechanisms are overly
complex, inaccessible to certain segments of producers or suppliers within workable time
spans, and at times simply unreliable.

Another well-established problem is that the market isn’t amiable to end-consumers, although
it is at worst partially and at best fully privatized – meaning consumers should have the option
of choosing whatever vendors they like.

We respond to these strategic challenges by creating and deploying a completely new, simple
and transparent platform, designed to deliver real value for every consumer. The Bittwatt
platform empowers the smart-consumer to find best available supply solutions, and provides
the consumer with a decentralized market place that functions on the transparency and full
disclosure of information facilitated by the blockchain.

3

the amounts of energy generated or consumed and not covered by contracts

4

NGTS = National Grid Transmission System

5

also known as ‘energy imbalance prices’

5

What Problems Does Bittwatt Solve?
As things stand today, the current energy ecosystem is built around the exchange of what is
essentially unstructured information. This means that literally countless types of documents
are used to either sell or buy electricity, and an increasingly large number of commonplace
processes (be them back or front-end) are in truth redundant, and lead only to higher prices.

Despite electricity exchange being regulated in nearly all of the world’s countries, in realworld situations what we see is the buildup of significant latencies. Case in point:
•

Energy exchanges between traders (or producers) and suppliers (B2B) take days for
validation and completion to be completed, and there is no decentralized market where
these can take place.

•

There is no market for smart-consumers (B2C) from where they can a) transact unused
energy supplies and b) choose and switch suppliers based on pre-selected criteria.

•

Reporting electricity consumption from suppliers is done with a latency of at least 15 days,
so that unbalances cannot possibly be corrected accurately or in real time.

•

Energy transit is mandatorily done through the prior booking and setup of cross-border
electric lanes; what’s more, once a cross-border lane is booked, it cannot be used by
more than a single party - as there is currently no system in place to facilitate multi-party
transfer. This is the case, despite multi-party transfer being both legal, as well as rational
– since two entities (i.e. one that concedes unused lane space and the other that takes up
unused lane space) can benefit at the same time from proper use of resources.

•

End-consumers (of the domestic sort) must wait at least 15 days to change energy
suppliers; at most, for purely bureaucratic reasons, this process can take 90 days. (E.g.
United Kingdom – 15 days, Austria – 30 days, Germany – 2-6 weeks)

6

It’s because of all of these reasons that prices increase. With energy transit slowed-down or
even inaccessible as a real option (due to temporal, financial, or bureaucratic constraints),
what all parties in the ecosystem face is a gradual yet unpredictable increase in costs. From a
technical perspective, this can be summed up simply in that the ecosystem is devoid of a smart
demand-response system:
•

In terms of grid pressure (which is to say that production cannot be adapted to the demand
in the system), and

•

Commercial implications (no decentralized market exists so as to keep supply offers and
request together in order to enable fast switching)

This lack of adjustability, increases costs dramatically for suppliers of energy (imbalances costs
up from 300-400% from normal levels), creating a snowball effect that eventually hits endconsumers.

This is the problem we are fixing.

7

An overview of Bittwatt

MISSION

OUR VISION
We envision a world of smart-consumers in a sustainable energy system with minimal costs for
all parties.

OUR MISSION
Our mission is to be the first international platform to integrate and facilitate cooperation
between all market operators for the benefit of the consumer.

OUR GOAL
So as to achieve these, we are committed to:
•

creating a blockchain enabled energy trading market that is simple, transparent and
delivers more value to all its users.

•

expanding globally (London, Bucharest and Singapore being already under development).

THE BITTWATT PLATFORM
We are now changing the way we operate electricity systems by building a smart, flexible
system that makes the most of all energy sources and enables us to exceed our customers’
needs in a balanced and financially efficient ecosystem that learns and evolves.

For this purpose, we have started developing a new marketplace for electricity balancing and
trading – which is blockchain enabled - that incentivizes producers and opens up competition
on a level playground.

8

We aim to deliver this completely new and highly cost-effective energy ecosystem fully by
2022.

The platform will be accessible to everyone in the industry – regardless of size – running new
technologies alongside industry standard applications. This market framework is designed to
empower users (producers, suppliers or traders) in applying balancing processes, and requires
little intervention from Bittwatt as a System Operator (SO).

9

The Bittwatt ecosystem is in effect a matchmaking platform which connects producers,
energy suppliers and smart consumers (as well as prosumers6) in order to transact energy in
a structured way. It is a flexible system that makes the best of all available resources and is
able to meet customer needs much more efficiently. To this end, we have integrated metering
services that allow both new and existing supplier to communicate quickly and trade energy in
a timely fashion within a secure framework.

THE BITTWATT BUSINESS MODEL
Our business model starts with active power suppliers for each participating country (i.e. in
each country where Bittwatt is operational), being registered within the Bittwatt platform after
successfully meeting a set of qualification and onboarding requirements.

Producers, suppliers, grid operators and consumers must register on the platform based on
KYC criteria. The match between offers and requests is to be met through smart contracts
that operate on the basis of individually defined rules (e.g. specifications as per quantity,
type, price, and so on). The flow of electricity is then automatically coded into the blockchain
and algorithms match buyers and sellers, in real time, based on their predetermined set of
preferences. Finally, smart contracts execute when electricity is delivered, thus triggering the
payment from buyer to seller.

The platform, therefore balancing the energy supplied and that delivered, bills traders
who delivered more or less energy than specified in their schedules. Such deviations are
determined from smart meter readings from consumers and producers.

To ensure generation matches demand continuously and flawlessly, the Bittwatt platform will:
* Enable the sharing of real-time consumption data through the blockchain (creating a smart
demand-response program)
* Make use of a highly reliable system that will be able to match demand with supply in realtime, based on the criteria set by each party;

6

Prosumers = active energy consumers, who both consume and produce electricity

10

* Integrate reserve generation capacities – as Bittwatt can call on power plants (which are
already generating) to increase or decrease their output for limited periods of time through
the balancing mechanism system of bids and offers. This of course includes pumped storage –
or reserve hydroelectric power stations, which can generate power within seconds;

* Integrate a smart demand-response programs that consumer can take part in by selling
their unused electricity on peak price periods to reduce pressure on the grid (which) actually
determines high prices.

As such, the main benefits brought by Bittwatt are:
•

Cost reduction in comparison with other energy transfer systems;

•

Transaction speed increses;

•

Scalability (we give the possibility of expansion to a large number of participants/users/
transactions);

•

Disintermediation (making business model possible that do not require intermediate
parties)

11

TECHNOLOGY STACK
On top of Ethereum, we have built Bittwatt services using Geth. Geth is a multipurpose
command line tool that runs a full Ethereum node implemented in Go. In this case, it is
running on a proprietary Linux server with no RPC/HTTP open ports. The communication,
which involves Geth, is managed through a Python intermediary application and the Ethereum
network.

The applications that connect to the Ethereum blockchain are built on Truffle. Truffle is a
development environment, testing framework, and asset pipeline for Ethereum. We use
Ethereum Truffle for:
•

Built-in smart contract compilation, linking, deployment and binary management;

•

Configurable-build pipelines with support for custom build processes;

•

Network management for deploying to many public and private networks;

Communication with the Ethereum node is done through the JSON RPC API. JSONRPC is a
stateless, light-weight Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol. Primarily, this specification
defines several data structures and the rules around their processing.

The smart grid we use incorporates digital technology and advanced instrumentation into the
traditional electrical system, which allows utilities and customers to receive information from
the grid as well as communicate with the grid. A backend application then makes the electrical
system more reliable and efficient by helping utilities reduce electricity losses and detecting
as well as fixing problems faster. The application (which we refer to as the smart grid) can
help consumers intelligently manage energy usage, especially at times when demand reaches
significantly high levels or when a reduced energy demand is needed to support system
reliability.

Smart devices in homes, offices and production facilities can inform consumers and their
energy management systems of times when an appliance is using relatively higher-priced
electricity. This helps consumers, or their intelligent systems, to optimally adjust settings
so that, when supported by demand reduction incentives or time-of-use electricity rates,
they can lower their energy bills. Smart devices on transmission and distribution lines, as

12

well as at substations, allow utility companies to more efficiently manage voltage levels
and more easily find out where outages or other problem are on the system. Smart grids can
sometimes remotely correct problems in the electrical distribution system by digitally sending
instructions to equipment that can adjust the conditions of the system. By sharing the public
parts of such information on a common blockchain, all other operators (producers, suppliers,
consumers) can adjust their behavior or take immediate actions in order to limit possible losses.

13

Token and Protocol design
By using Ethereum as the abstract foundational layer, Bittwatt is able to implement all the
features and rules of its protocol directly into smart contracts, which are then deployed
and processed by the network. On top of Ethereum, the services are built using Geth - a
multipurpose command line tool that runs a full Ethereum node implemented in Go. In
this case, it is running on a proprietary Linux server with no RPC/HTTP open ports. The
communication, which involves the Geth, is also managed through the Ethereum network.

We will develop an ERC20 token with eighteen digits after the decimal point and the ticker
symbol BWT. This will become the foundation for all operation within the ecosystem.
The total token supply is 400,000,000 BWT.

A (1, one) BWT token represents a transferable token equivalent to 1 kWh. The BWT token is
used for paying for electricity in the Bittwatt platform, regardless of geography or supplier (as
long as the energy supplier is a Bittwatt partner).

THE TOKEN LIFECYCLE
Main uses of the BWT token include, but are not restricted to:
•

Payment for the products and services offered by Bittwatt;

•

Settlement between produced and consumed energy for prosumers. Producers of energy
also consume it by being part of the grid so we are balancing their consumption based on
how much they pump in the grid against how much they take out;

•

Foundation for the development of tokens used within certain geographies. We are aware
that some of the countries using our platform need a currency for their internal trading
flow. Therefore, based on BWT, new tokens will be built.

14

Token sale
The Bittwatt Coin Sale Goal is the equivalent of $30,400,000.00. The minimum funding goal is
the equivalent of $25,300,000.00 (soft cap). Pre ICO was a grand success as we raised 10.8 MN
USD in less than 5 days. (121,500,000 BWT tokens sold)

Stage

Start

End

Duration

Tokens

Bonus

Total

Pre-ICO

18.03

22.03

5 days

90,000,000

35%

121,500,000

ICO Phase 1

01.04

15.04

14 days

26,500,000

20%

31,800,000

ICO Phase 2

15.04

29.04

14 days

28,156,250

15%

32,379,688

ICO Phase 3

29.04

13.05

14 days

29,812,500

10%

32,793,750

ICO Phase 4

13.05

27.05

14 days

33,125,000

-

33,125,000

Any unsold tokens will be burned.

During the sale we are accepting contributions in BTC, ETH and COSS. The minimum private
sale contribution is the equivalent of $10,000.00.

15

As previously stated, the BWT initial supply is 338.6 million tokens. These are split into six
categories:
•

254,000,000 tokens are sold during the ICO7; (75%)

•

33,800,000 tokens are reserved for the team; (10%)

•

16,900,000 tokens are reserved for advisors; (5%)

•

16,900,000 tokens are reserved for country advisors; (5%)

•

8,500,000 tokens are reserved as bounty; (2.5%)

•

8,500,000 tokens are reserved for country-level marketing; (2.5%)

16

Business Plan
PROCEEDINGS OF FUNDS
The funds raised during the contribution period will be used solely for the development and
further product design and marketing of Bittwatt as detailed in the following:
•

55% (approximately $13,750,000.00) of funds will be used for expansion and marketing
purposes;

•

30% (approximately $7,500,000.00) of funds will be used for software development;

•

15% (approximately $3,750,000.00) of raised funds will be used for integration with
already existing, traditional platforms;

17

Bittwatt has the strong potential to provide a solution for the Energy Sector by ensuring the
following solutions to today’s problems:
•

Multiple parties share data – multiple participants can view shared information.

•

Multiple parties update data – multiple participants can take actions that need to be
recorded and change the data;

•

Requirement for verification – participants can trust that the actions that are recorded are
valid;

•

Intermediaries add cost and complexity – removal of central authority record keeper
intermediaries will reduce cost (e.g. fees) and complexity (e.g. multiple reconciliations);

•

Interactions are time-sensitive – reducing delay has business benefit (e.g. reduced
settlement risk, enhanced liquidity);

•

Transaction interaction – transactions created by different participants depend on each
other;

PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

Electricity billing / payments / forecast
Billing:
For energy suppliers in particular this is a welcome application as it gives opens the possibility
of significantly reducing human error and administrative costs normally associated with this
type of transactional activity. Accurate billing and access to full billing history will in turn
increase customer confidence and retention of the existing customer base.

Payments:
Debt collection for energy suppliers can be a complex process. Our method will make things
easier and faster. Every consumer will need to have a credit card attached to their account,
and when the invoice is generated they will be debited with the invoice value, significantly
reducing associated administrative costs.

18

The billing and payment processes are already integrated in the existing Commercial
platform of Bittwatt which currently7 services 2 suppliers across 2 countries and more
than 50.000 end consumers.

Forecast:
Designed for a broad range of users, the solution offers automatic, configurable and manual
modes so users can retrieve forecasts and modify scenarios interactively. Automated
forecasting means less manual input and makes large forecasting processes more manageable
and user friendly.

E-Mobility & Energy Roaming
Electric vehicles are an essential part of the solution to meeting Europe’s climate sustainability
goals and energy targets. Being three to four times more energy-efficient than conventional
cars, but also enhancing air quality and noise levels reduction in densely populated urban
areas, electric vehicles will play a growing role in mobility and transportation.

2017 saw multiple European nations starting on this new trend. France announced that it
plans to ban new petrol and diesel cars by 2040, and the British government followed soon
after with a similar announcement. This triggered an avalanche of announcements from
car companies around their common intention to produce more EVs in European and global
markets. Numbers are expected to grow rapidly as Volkswagen Group announced that they will
be developing 80 new electric models by 2025, as well as BMW with 12 different EV models by
the same time, and Honda announced that 15% of their annual sales will be from electric cars
by the year 2030.

Considering EVs technology is surely being set up for mass deployment, the industry and
policymakers alike must ensure that these processes live up to their potential and help
transform the energy system. While there have already been some positive signs from
policymakers, a clear framework lacking as of yet despite it being desperately needed.

We offer market opportunities for players in the field of electric mobility and make it even
easier for individual drivers to cross national borders while enjoying the advantages brought
by EVs. With that, our open platform connects the back offices of our ecosystem partners in
order to turn Europe into a single, large charging-network. What’s more, E-mobility is an option
7

February 2018

19

on our platform that enables the exchange of roaming authorization, charge transaction and
charge point information data. And we offer market players in electric mobility cross-border
interoperability between networks. With all that said, we reiterate that our mission is to foster
the sustainable development of e-mobility by enabling reliable data exchange through a
single connection, and a single interface.

Arbitrage Energy / Exchange
Through this app, users can leverage energy storage through smart devices in order to
purchase energy when it is cheap (or free), and either use it or resell it when prices peak,
thus enabling an exchange of energy that also sets the foundational layer of our demand –
response mechanism.

Peer-to-peer Settlements
The platform provides a multilateral framework for energy cooperation that is unique
under international law. It is designed to promote energy security through the operation of
more open and competitive energy markets, while respecting the principles of sustainable
development and sovereignty over energy resources - and most importantly, while respecting
national laws in each operating country.

Our scope revolves around improving security of energy supply, and maximizing the efficiency
of production, conversion, transport, distribution and use of energy – all that to enhance safety
and minimize environmental concerns and risks on profitable economic terms.
That being said, our platform integrates:
•

Consumption information (in real-time)

•

Energy exchange metrics

•

System balancing mechanisms

•

Energy trading contracts

•

External energy trading contracts

•

Energy supply contracts

… into a blockchain that allows for instant adaptation to real-world conditions and
requirements, for all platform participants in the system.

20

Uniting the aforementioned into a single, simple user interface is the major achievement
of Bittwatt – and it is what brings added value as well as differentiation to our ecosystem
customers and business partners. Time and time again, the world of industry has shown us
that simplification and digitization of services people require regularly is the key to healthy
and sustainable growth – and with that in mind, we have developed Bittwatt as a platform
that does away with bureaucracy, reduces costs, simplifies the user experience all the while
offering flexibility and responsiveness that outweigh any reluctance of the consumer to switch
to our new design.

21

Objectives and cashflow

22

SALES FORECAST
Our expansion plan is based on opening offices in new countries, based on partnerships with
local energy suppliers. Each country partner must meet two key requirements: that they own
1,000,000 BWT and that they have at least 50,000 customers. All other users must provide
standard KYC documents:.

We foresee that by 2022 we will reach a total number of 15.8 million users with a turnover of
690 millions USD and 22% profit. Marketing opening forecasts:

23

Country

Opening the market

Estimated # of customers

China

2022-Q1

5.0

Russia

2021-Q3

2.0

Moldova

2021-Q2

0.1

Netherlands

2021-Q2

0.9

Denmark

2021-Q1

1.0

Norway

2021-Q1

1.0

Sweden

2021-Q1

1.2

Portugal

2020-Q2

0.3

Spain

2020-Q1

0.4

France

2019-Q4

0.8

Italy

2019-Q3

0.7

Germany

2019-Q2

1.2

Austria

2019-Q1

0.3

Hungary

2018-Q3

0.1

Ukraine

2018-Q3

0.2

Turkey

2018-Q2

0.5

Bulgaria

2018-Q1

0.1

INCOME
Company incomes are projected to be from, and composed of:
•

•

Estimated income ($):
•

Domestic: 0.48$/month

•

Industrial: 12$/month

Balancing Income ($): We foresee 3% of total traded
quantity by suppliers, producers and traders. At a
minimum of 50,000 consumers, this will generate a
monthly income of 36.000 $

24

Founders
Christian Hagmann
General manager & Co-founder
Christian Hagmann has more than 20 years experience in the energy sector, performing roles
as varied as entrepreneur, researcher, consultant – and even producer for a TV show called
“Energy Backstage”. As an entrepreneur he worked on designing dedicated IT solutions for
power grid management systems, debuting with a fault and network management solution for
Vienna’s power operator. Since then he has started his own business and built many IT power
solution from the ground-up, and starting from 2012 he has expanded operations into Eastern
Europe where he provides services for smart network implementations, network automation,
research, as well as power and gas supply. His strategy is to always be moving forward and
continuously be working on improving from the status quo. In recent years he has branched
out focus to include blockchain technology, and in 2017 he was part of the advisory team for
Coss ICO. At the same time, he started developing Bittwatt, his most recent and most ambitious
projects.

Daniela Cristina Stoicescu
CEO & Co–founder
Daniela works as General Manager of a group of companies which primarily offer energy
supply services for domestic and business consumers, with an annual turnover of over $30M.
Having an IT background, she has lead the development and implementation of several IT
solutions for national power distribution and transportation networks, with projects such as
Outage Management System, Virtual Power Plants and Smart Grids, and many others. She has
since seen entry into the world of blockchain as a natural evolution, and is currently working
on adapting all her projects to this new technology.

25

Adrian Asevoaia
Project manager
AAdrian is an entrepreneurial manager, with over 10 years’ experience of active leadership in
fields such as financial markets, corporate lending, and portfolio risk management. He is a brisk
adopter of new technologies within proven business models, and along with his demonstrated
history as a Bank Branch Manager and Chief Financial Officer, Adrian has ample experience in
the rationale, network, and business of energy trading.

Tudor Stomff
ICO Manager
Blockchain Advisor and Community Manager having been involved in over 20 ICOs to date, to
name a few: STOX, COSS, Worldcore, Sureremit, and Pundi X - the largest Bounty by number
of participants. Collectively, the ICO’s with which he worked have raised over $300M and the
bounties gathered close to 100,000 participants. Tudor is also a Developer and currently runs
Bountyhive.io - a platform which connects Bounty Hunters and ICOs.

Maria Cristina Banu
Marketing Specialist
Maria Cristina is a business consultant with over 10 years’ experience in marketing and brand
management. She has worked for global corporations in the FMCG and IT&C industries and
runs her own consultancy company where she works with interdisciplinary SMEs to create,
implement and scale winning strategies for her clients. Added to this, she is also a business
coach with over 500 hours of training in marketing, advertising and PR, business strategy, and
coaching - and supports executives and entrepreneurs in finding their way to success.

26

Alexandru Ioana
Content writer
Alexandru is a marketing consultant with focus and experience in the B2B IT market in Europe
and North America. He has worked for several industry-leading companies pioneering artificial
intelligence and machine learning - and has a multifaceted background in fields such as
marketing strategy, product marketing, branding, and advertising.

Marius Posa
Business Developer for East Europe
Marius has over 18 years of experience in applying his technological and legal training in
entrepreneurial activities. His work spans the management as well as growth of several
businesses, as well as the development of innovative solutions. His firmest belief is that
success comes from the blending of technical and moral support, and has applied this
philosophy in his promoting of research and application development in the energy sector,
whereby he has constantly strived to bring about tomorrow’s technology to today’s consumer.

Iulian Bobes
Research and development officer
Iulian is a senior software developer with over 9 years’ experience in web and application
development projects. His experience spans various fields (such as life sciences, energy,
financial, to name a few), and goes from database design and backend development all the
way to frontend work. He is always looking for new technologies, and is eager to apply them to
the projects he is involved in.

27

Definitions
Power plants feed electricity and gas into the energy grid.

Suppliers buy large quantities of energy from the producers(power plants) and offer adapted
products that meet the requirements of industrial, commercial and residential consumers.

Consumers buy corresponding products from the suppliers. However, consumers can also
supply energy, in which case they act as prosumers who not only feed electricity into the grid,
but may also participate, to some extent, in the grid control process.

Traders buy energy from producers, traders or suppliers on the wholesale market and resell
it to other traders or suppliers. The wholesale energy market is a pan-European marketplace
where some products are resold several times before finally reaching the consumer through a
supplier.

Energy exchanges offer a marketplace where electricity and gas can be traded. These
marketplaces are heavily regulated, are monitored by national regulators and some even have
a special status in that they carry out certain functional processes with network operators.

Clearinghouses are usually connected to one or more exchanges and carry out the financial
and physical settlement for energy transactions.

Brokers: Traders are not forced to do business exclusively through energy exchanges; the
European energy market also hosts a large number of brokers offering platforms that traders
can use for their transactions.

Index agencies are institutions that establish market prices for energy products, either on
trading platforms or by contacting individual traders, and provide pricing information to
traders in exchange for fees

28

Standardization bodies stipulate the processes of energy trading. In particular, for the
European market, the EFET8 is to be mentioned, as well as the ENTSO-E and ENTSO-G, the TSO
associations of electricity and gas, who agree on grid-relevant processes.

Regulators monitor the energy market at the national or European level. Their technical
connection covers the reporting of transactions by the parties involved.

8

European Federation of Energy Traders

29

Company Ownership / Legal Entity
Bittwatt Pte. Ltd. is a private company incorporate in Singapore under the Companies Act, on
and from 13/10/2017 and the company is an Exempt Private Company Limited by Shares.

U.E.N : 201729551Z

Address: 22 North Canal Road,
Singapore

30

For more information visit

BITTWATT.COM

