Whitepaper

V 2.0
www.bizkey.io
2018-10-10

1

0
Dear readers and community members:
Hello everyone!
On the 10th anniversary of Bitcoin, the Bizkey team has updated the first draft of the Whitepaper.
This update reflects Bizkey’s recent growth over the last 6 months as well as the significant
progress we have made.
Firstly, we have upgraded from a developer of inhouse blockchain intelligent POS products to an
open platform that comprehensively supports third party developers. We aim at enabling general
developers, third-party payment channels, and retail SaaS developers targeting the retail industry
to quickly access the Bizkey ecosystem and providing a wide range of commercial resources and
applications for digital currency payment.
Secondly, we have launched the global node cooperation plan and the ecosystem committee
construction plan, plans which aim to attract global partners to help build the Bizkey retail
ecosystem.
Thirdly, we have listed on a crypto exchange the BZKY token, clearing a difficult hurdle and allowing
the market to decide the value of our token. With the refined ideas and relevant pivots, we release
this new Whitepaper to update our supporters and community members.
Of course, a review of this paper will show that our premise and fundamental vision remains
unchanged, such as the allocation plan of token, team, etc. We hope that through the upgrade of
this Whitepaper, the finer details of the Bizkey project can be read and understood more quickly
and easily.
Bizkey team
10 October 2018

FK FK

R

59 D
2I B

FK FK

K 2I AD

09IC K 4 9D
29AF 2 AFK 9F 1
5 9E
1

E

L9F

I

AK

3 K9AD F L KIO

9F

KLI 9F

DA 9KA F

F EA 0

D

09IC K 2I E KA F 9F
2I AK 0

AF K

AKA F

F 2D9K IE

5 C F

IKLFAKA

D

EE I A9D

D OE FK
2

LF 9KA F 4KIL KLI

2

9IDO 4K9

2

FM

K I

9D 9F 3A C 69IFAF

2

F A P 8.7 5 C F EA

2

Bizkey, whose Chinese name is "coin key", means the key to the retail sales industry.
We are dedicated to creating an offline payment solution for digital currency, which aims to
provide a wide range of offline payment applications for many kinds of digital currencies. Our
vision is to connect more than 1 million offline brick and mortar retailers within three years and
make it possible for digital currency payment to enter public life.
Mission: Enable digital currency payment to become commonplace
Vision: Build the world's largest offline payment ecosystem of digital currency
Values: Return the value of transaction data to the merchant
Since the development of Bitcoin 10 years ago, more and more people have become aware of the
digital currency. In the past two to three years, with further advances in the fields of cryptography,
distributed ledger technology, and token economic theory, blockchain has made rapid progress
and obtained explosive development. The total number of digital currency users has reached more
than 40 million. According to Brian Armstrong, the founder and CEO of Coinbase, this figure will
exceed 1 billion in five years. With such a large user group, digital currency is on track to be widely
used in our daily life. One day, we will use digital currency not only to buy luxury goods and book
hotels, but also to pay for meals. Using digital currency will be as common as using legal tender.
Looking back on the past three years, the mobile payment methods (legal tender) popularized by
WeChat and Alipay were used by less than 1%. 2% usage in 2015 rose to more than 80% in
mainland China today. Referring to the rapid development of mobile payment, we have reasons to
believe that digital currency will experience the same rapid development progress in the future.
The future is coming. Bizkey is making arrangements ahead of time, and we look forward to
working with merchant acquirers to seize the opportunity and cooperate for a bright future!

• Support legal tender transaction
• Anonymize transactions on the ledger
• Award BZKY for transactions

• Main digital currencies
• Additional digital currencies
• Commission of service fees

Expand a large amount of merchants

Offline payment access of
digital currencies

1

2

3

• BZKY is used to paid for merchant
cross traffic generation
Enable offline merchants
1.1 We will achieve our ambitious goal through three steps
The first step is supporting legal tender transaction which functions as the mining mechanism. At
the present stage when digital currency is not widely held or accepted, retail transaction data be
sanitized to add value to brick and mortar retailers, with the merchant base expanding through the
incentive of obtaining data insights with the BZKY token. Compared with the centralized payment
platforms such as WeChat, Bizkey is agnostic on the legal tender earnings of the merchants and
returns the value of the data assets to the merchants, incentivizing the addition of more
merchants to the Bizkey ecosystem.
The second step is to reduce costs and increase efficiency. The BZKY token will be used to reduce
the payment cost of using the Bizkey payment system. In addition, various retail services can be
paid or discounted through the use of the BZKY token within the ecosystem. Bizkey’s consumer
side token, the TIME token, will function as a common loyalty rewards point given to consumers
when patronizing merchants in the Bizkey ecosystem. Merchants can offer rewards, perks, and
discounts in exchange for TIME tokens to promote consumer cross traffic and reduce the cost of
obtaining customers. This system of blockchain rewards will continuously acclimate merchants and
consumers to the use of blockchain in everyday life.
The third step is to enable a large number of other digital currencies. With the constant acquisition
of merchants and the increasing number of crypto users, Bizkey will access more mainstream
digital currencies and enable them to have many offline payment applications. Bizkey will charge
fees in the digital currency transactions and offer passive income for merchants choosing to invest
their crypto currency instead of liquidation of crypto assets.
Payment is the closest industry to the application of blockchain technology. Bizkey will connect the
blockchain industry to many offline businesses, using incentives to align the interests of
decentralized merchants and users to share assets in mutual cooperation.

1.2 Significance of adopting blockchain technology:
Bizkey is very different from other blockchain projects, especially public blockchain projects. We
have always defined Bizkey as a supporting facility of the largest blockchain industry. Bizkey hopes
to build an offline application to help more digital currencies see adoption in the future and
provide payment access to all.
However, Bizkey still has many typical characteristics of blockchain projects. From aligning
incentives between merchants to facilitate data sharing to the construction of a DAC organizational
structure, Bizkey has made full use of blockchain technology in many areas.
Data Incentivization: Through the application of blockchain technology, we incentivize the sharing
of transaction data by merchants. We format and clean the data, conduct data engineering, and
reward the data producers.
Data Validation: Blockchain can play the role of data tamper-proofing. Knowing the exact origin of
transaction data using the blockchain rewards, we can hold data providers accountable and avoid
the possibility of data falsification.
Decentralization: The ethos of decentralization emphasized by blockchain technology pairs with
the decentralized nature of brick and mortar retailers, which is threatened by market centralization
exhibited by the dominance of Amazon and Walmart. The potential efficiency of local merchants is
much higher than centralized online platforms but can only be unlocked through cross traffic
strategies and data asset sharing. Data oligopolies and information asymmetry caused by market
centralization can be reversed, greatly reducing the cost of customer acquisition and data insights
for smaller merchants.
Token Economy: The unique token economic model of blockchain can incentivize merchants and
third party partners to participate in the ecosystem and accelerate growth.
Biz-Pay: The Bizkey platform has a lower payment service charge compared with existing financial
platforms.

,2 84 .3294

,2 84 .3294
(
6,000
5,000

1,000
5

60

50

15

(

150

180

1,200
500

100

)

-

5 ,4 362

-

5

2

2

23 7

129 4

79 0.

23 7

Offline payments using digital currency is still in the very early stage. However, with the
participation of more teams similar to Bizkey, the userbase will have massive growth by 2020. It is
a relatively conservative estimate that more than five million brick and mortar merchants will
support digital currency payment by then. We estimate that the transaction scale will exceed more
than 5 billion dollars per year and the number of offline payments will exceed 60 million.
At present we must consider the fundamental issues and limitations regarding digital currency.
There are at most 40 million coin holders in the world. We do not know how many active users are
among them. Most real users only regard it as an asset for speculation, and do not intend to spend
during their daily life. In addition, we can see from the data of Bitmap that there are only 14,000
merchants around the world that accept Bitcoin payments. Although the quantity has increased
one hundred-fold over the past few years, the two sides of the equation are still unmatched. This
means that the proportion of digital currency payments in daily life will be very low. For a single
merchant, it is expected that someone will make a digital currency payment once a month.
Armstrong, the founder of CoinBase, estimated that there would be more than 1 billion digital
currency holders within five years. By that time, digital currency will have appeared in every aspect
of people's lives. The Bizkey team and many of our backers have witnessed three years of legal
tender mobile payment to grow from nonexistence to omnipresence. From mainland China and
Southeast Asia, to Japan, South Korea and Europe, WeChat Pay and Alipay are available wherever
there are Chinese consumers. How many people believed in a cashless society three years ago?
Likewise, we have reason to believe that it is inevitable for digital currency to move into our daily
lives.

Looking backing on WeChat Pay in 2015, although the acceptance of merchants was very low at
that time, let us not forget that almost all the Chinese users initially got money in their WeChat
Wallet owing to the red envelope marketing campaign during the 2015 Spring Festival Gala. The
educational costs of merchants and users for WeChat Pay seem much lower than digital currency
payment. However, Bizkey and many mobile payment partners are very clear that it is extremely
difficult at the beginning of promoting a nationwide application. During the Spring Festival in 2015,
the proportion of offline payments including WeChat Pay and Alipay was less than 2%. The major
difficulty was that it was required to keep in touch with merchants and keep assuring them that
mobile payments were safe, fast and convenient. Other than payment, there were many other
utilities that needed to be given to merchants. It all depends on the frequency of contact with
merchants. With more contact and higher frequency, it is easier to achieve success.

In recent years, mobile payments in China's legal tender have exhibited explosive
growth, and there are reasons to believe that digital currency payment is expected
to exhibit explosive growth in the future as well.

It is necessary to maintain the high frequency contact with the merchants so that the problems
that accompany the expansion of merchants can be solved. After all, the names of Bitcoin/
Ethereum, the issues of large fluctuation/safety, with the addition of the black sheep of Ponzi
scheme-like coin / Air coin, make it much harder for merchants to accept digital current payments
than the promotion of WeChat Pay in the first place. But Bizkey clearly understands how to achieve
this target through three steps.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

3.1. The Current State of the Retail Industry and the Deficiency of the Centralization Platform
The global retail market size was 2.4 trillion dollars in 2017 and is expected to reach 2. 8 trillion
dollars in 2020. The retail industry has been affected by the development of the internet and the
mobile internet access in recent years, with online retail sales growing significantly faster than
offline sales. However, 90% of retail transactions are still offline. With more and more e-commerce
logistics moguls are investing in the offline retail market, the traditional brick and mortar
merchants can take advantage of the third-party platforms to shift sales online. Omnidirectional
retail is becoming the standard, gradually integrating the offline and online worlds. In the process
of integration, transaction data between merchants and customers are collected and controlled by
the centralized service platforms such as Amazon. The powerful centralized platforms have three
main deficiencies:

1) Data is controlled by the centralized platforms resulting in a huge information gap
On the centralized retail platforms, the information between merchants and users is asymmetric.
The unilateral control of transaction data creates a less competitive system, resulting in merchants
paying up to 15% in customer acquisition.
2) The authenticity of retail data science cannot be guaranteed while data fraud is common--false
data on the part of centralized platforms leads to unfair competition
In the current environment, it is impossible to defend against transaction data fraud effectively.
Centralized platforms such as Facebook can easily falsify or overestimate figures. Some merchants,
in order to obtain traffic in accordance with the platform algorithm rules, will produce many false
figures themselves, not only affecting the purchase decisions of users, but also contributes to
unfair competition on the platform.
3) Data contributors are unable to enjoy the value of data assets
Centralized platforms enjoy a high capital premium on the data. As the core creators of the
platform value, the high-quality merchants practicing real bookkeeping not only do not get any
capital value, but even find themselves being squeezed for profits by the platform.

3.2. Blockchain can rebuild the offline retail industry
Blockchain technology is one of the most important recent inventions, whose technical core is to
reshape the productive relations of the retail industry and eliminate the existence of third-party
intermediaries. By using blockchain technology to disrupt the current offline retail ecosystem,
Bizkey returns the value of data and consumer traffic to the participants in the transaction to
effectively solve the various deficiencies of the centralized platforms.

1) Establish a trusted network for distributed accounts
Bizkey establishes distributed accounts for offline retailers based on blockchain technology and
ensures the uniqueness of transactions, putting an end to the unilateral data fraud exhibited by
centralized platforms in order to maximize data benefits and ensure fair competition in the
ecosystem, thus establishing digitized trust.
2) The rational distribution and circulation of data value
Through tokenization of data assets, Bizkey can validate and capitalize on the transaction data’s
value, so that data value can be returned to the creator, rather than be concentrated in the hands
of a few centralized platforms, ensuring fair and reasonable circulation of data assets in the
physical retail ecosystem.
3) Reach community consensus and community autonomy
Bizkey will align the data formats of retail merchants through the incentive distribution of tokens,
setting the rewards according to the contributed value from each side of the transaction,
maximizing the value circulated and community autonomy of the ecosystem.

3.3. New opportunities for the development of digital currency
While using blockchain to reshape the offline retail ecosystem, Bizkey also brings new
opportunities to the wide application of digital currency in the real economy.
1) Digital currency payment is getting closer to daily life
In recent years, encrypted digital currencies based on blockchain technology have gradually
entered public knowledge, and the value of mainstream digital currencies such as Bitcoin, ETH,
etc., have been recognized by more and more people. However, the main applications of digital
currency are speculative investments, cross-border transfers, and anonymous payment. The
“goods” that digital currencies can purchase are usually other kinds of digital currencies, a fact
which limits the mainstream public’s ability to perceive benefits offered by digital currency.
2) With the help of fiat payment transactions, blockchain rewards make headway with merchants
Bizkey establishes daily contact with merchants by facilitating legal tender transactions, which
constitute the mining mechanism for BKZY tokens. It constantly provides merchants with digital
currency payment, and the Biz-POS device allows for crypto payment. Consumers can directly use
digital currencies they hold to buy retail goods, enhancing the utility, future value, and circulation
of digital currency.
3) Mobile payment channels are enabled and Bizkey as an open platform for fast integration
With the proliferation of mobile payment in mainland China, the fourth party mobile payment
companies, aggregating payment companies, ground promotion companies and other service
providers have emerged in large numbers. They continue to help WeChat and Alipay expand
territory. The slender commission rate cannot scale to support the rising cost of labor for these
companies and allows WeChat or Alipay to cut out the service provider and connect directly with
the merchant. With the appearance of personal QR code collection as a market standard, service
providers are cut out.
Bizkey changes the game by making full use of these existing networks and enables blockchain
technology, thus becoming a new channel of digital currency payment.

4. 1. Core management team
1) CEO Ken: Ken worked in the Ministry of News and Communications in Singapore and was
responsible for the Infocomm Media Masterplan 2025. During this period, he studied the
application of Bitcoin and blockchain technology in the fields of finance and logistics.
2) COO Scarlett: While serving in Chuangda Investment and Newsion Venture Capital from 2016 to
2017, she studied the blockchain technology and the related investment projects and oversaw
many blockchain project investments.
3) Co-founder Dr. Zheng Guangyuan: As one of the project founders of Bizkey, he was an early
investor in digital currency and a consultant of multiple projects.
4)
.
Sun: Xavier was the director of operation in IOTA and ELF, and CMO
in BiMoney. He has plentiful operations experience in blockchain projects.
5) Chief Compliance Adviser: Zed, Thay Yhong Miang has a Bachelor of Science in Electrical
Engineering with first-grade honours from the Nanyang Technological University. He is the director
of Southeast Asia, Greater China Business in a transnational financial group. He served as the
cashier and important post of business department in Credit Suisse Group and National City Bank
of New York.
6) Chief Data Officer Grant Baker earned a Master of Science in Financial Engineering with honours
from the National University of Singapore. He has held positions in search engine optimization and
brokerage firms in insurance and commodities across Singapore, Hong Kong and Austin.
7) International Community Manager Kimmi, Kim Mikyeong, has a Bachelor of Science in Statistics
from the National University of Singapore. She served as community manager in another
blockchain project and served as digital marketing manager for SEA Leadtime Tour and China
Medical Device.

4.2. Team Structure

CEO

Advisory Group

Bizkey Tech Group
12 pax

Bizkey Brand
Group

Bizkey Community
Group

Bizkey Market
Group

6 pax

6 pax

6 pax

Others
3 pax

4.3. Team background in major related industries
Bizkey is a digital currency payment and data analysis project for offline retailers. The major team
members all have relevant market or technical backgrounds.
1) From 2010 to 2013, CEO Ken worked for the Infocomm Development Authority of Singapore
and set up a project committee and funds to promote the use of mobile cashless payments in the
retail industry.
2) From 2014 to present, Lei Yong, the CEO of Koalac and project consultant of Bizkey, has
abundant practical experience in the retail industry and serves more than 400 thousand merchants
in China.
3) Lynne, head of overseas business, is a former COO and co-founder of the O2O platform, similar
to the Singapore-style Dianping.
4) Qiao, head of Continental Business, is the former COO, of star apps such as "Rice Ben" and
"ENJOY", which owns a large number of domestic high-end catering industry resources and
European high-quality commodity suppliers.
5) Team Technical Director PJ is a former Tencent WeChat Pay product manager with rich product
design capability and payment industry experience.
6) Grant Baker, the team's Chief Data Officer, designed the architecture for the data sharing
ecosystem of Bizkey. He designed the token utility and database rules for ensuring data privacy.
Prior to joining Bizkey, Grant received a master’s degree in Financial Engineering from the National
University of Singapore. Grant has held multiple positions in insurance and commodities
brokerages, as well as search engine optimization, across Singapore, Hong Kong and Austin.

4. 3 Consultant Team
1) Technical Consultants
Jiang Hai, founder of Bubi Technology, holds a doctorate from the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
He has nearly 10 years of experience in scientific research and product development in the field of
network and internet communications, and has experience in distributed computing networks,
network content security, electronic currency, and P2P payment networks.
Guo Qiang, co-founder of BUMO, started to study blockchain technology in 2014, bringing rich
investment management experience in innovative businesses. He is also a Tsinghua University ICenter tutor, a China cloud computing standardization committee member, and a Zhongguancun
intelligent hardware industry alliance director.
Zhou Zhengjun (Jeff Zhou) is the founder and CEO of TrustNote. Zhou Zhengjun is the blockchain
software and chip research development expert and has developed the world's first bitcoin/litecoin double-miner, supplying roughly 80% of the computing power in the global lite-coin mining
machine market. He was also the former director of microelectronics technology at China's first
NASDAQ-listed chip company and was responsible for core software and algorithms.
Zheng Guangyuan is an associate Professor of Engineering at the National University of Singapore,
a Ph. D. scientist from the Science and Technology Research Institute at Stanford University, holds
a Bachelor’s degree from Cambridge University, was named Massachusetts Institute of Technology
under 35 Innovator of the year 2018, and was shortlisted for the 2014 World Technology Award.
John Luo, Senior Software Developer, Amazon
2) Marketing Consultants
Lei Yon, the founder and CEO of Mr. Koala, holds a Masters from the Science and Technology
University of National Defense, was an orbit engineer of Shenzhou I spacecraft. Mr. Koala is a wellknown retail SaaS platform in China and won the title of "China's Best Innovation Company Top 50"
in 2017 awarded by American famous business media Fast Company .
Zhao Yangxian (Andy) is the founder of Hemo Technology and was MBA President Class member of
Tsinghua University. The annual turnover of the company's SaaS platform for human resources
services "loving employee" is over ten billion. In 2004, he founded the industry-renowned highend headhunting consulting firm Hong Kong People-based Management Agency.
Weng Shaobin is the managing Director of the 4th Quarter of Illuma, has a Master of Business
Administration from Tsinghua University, and serves as deputy secretary general of the Guangdong
Provincial Association for the Promotion of Internet Financial Development. He was a research
fellow and product manager of Bell Labs in USA.
Wang Zi Yang, CEO, Blockfolks, a leading blockchain advisory firm in Southeast Asia

3) Industry Consultants
Jin Xiang is the former technical director of IGE (Greater China), the world's largest virtual currency
trader. He is also a continuous entrepreneur, successfully establishing several websites and
Internet products with daily active users in the tens of millions and set up a quantitative trading
trust fund. He also has rich experience and profound understanding on the integration of Internet,
big data, artificial intelligence, and finance.
Patricia is the chairman of the New Age Foundation, serves as deputy secretary general of the
United Nations Club of Future leaders in China, and chairman of Neex.co, the first licensed
exchange in Southeast Asia.
Rui Xiong is the founder of Holly Capital, partner of BHP cash, a student in the phase one of
Innovation college at Hundun University, loves philosophy, and has a master's degree in law.
4) Investment Strategy Consultants
Zeng Zheng is the co-founder of Illuma Capital, hold an IMBA degree from the School of Economics
and Management at Tsinghua University, and holds more than 20 years of financial investment and
industrial operations management experience. He also has experience in management consulting,
bank credit, corporate investment and financing, corporate restructuring and consulting, mergers
and acquisitions, stock listings, and equity investments.
Gu Kai is the co-founder of Illuma Capital, laying out the blockchain direction and pushed the
"block chain+" direction of investment very early in the blockchain industry. Two main blockchain
enterprises he invested in, Bubi blockchain and Babbitt community, are industry leaders.
Ren Feng is the founder and investor of many listed companies in China, is the founder and CTO of
CorePlayer, partner and SVP of Music Element, Senior Product Director of 360, YAHOO (China)
Project Manager & Senior engineer, General Manager of 360 Router.
Joel Ng, Blockchain Venture Partner, Yozma Group

5

I

5

1B

1B

3 B53BC 5 1

3 B53BC 5 1

31B

31B

5.1. Open Platform Architecture
The entire Bizkey platform architecture can be divided into three levels:

3rd Party ChannelG
Application Access

Platform Tools

A

Application
Layer

1

1E

Supermarket
vendor

B5

Customer
loyalty point
vendor

3 5B

1

.

Bizkey Open Platform: Developer Application Management, Community
and BZKY Circulation Management

Access
Layer

5 1B

5

, 1 B

1E

B 13B

, 1 B 5

5

Contract
Layer
.

B 5 5C

,1

B 5

C

3

3 3 1 A

1

Contract layer is the lowest level. Smart contracts and account books are designed to provide
integration capabilities for various public connections. At present it supports the integration of
BUMO and Ethereum public blockchain and wallet, and will gradually connect EOS and other
public blockchain;
Access layer is the medium level of the open platform, which provides integration capacity for
legal tender mobile payment platforms and retail SaaS platforms. At present, 80% of the main
interfaces have been developed and tested, and the third platform and applications are open to
transfer. More than 10 third-party platforms have integrated. As the number of integrated
platforms increases, the number of merchants and transactions in the Bizkey ecosystem will
increase exponentially (See Bizkey node API access document).
Application layer provides application development, audit and release for Bizkey ecosystem
contributors. We welcome any developer who willing to enable the retail industry to develop
applications based on the Bizkey access level. By using the Bizkey interface and token incentive,
the original application will carry on with optimization and modification.
Third party access: At present, more than 5 applications are in R&D, or in internal testing among
ecosystem partners, and will be put on the market soon. The Bizkey Open platform also provides
an API interface support to third-party platforms with merchant resources and assists third parties
in system upgrading and transformation, thus promoting the circulation of BZKY in more channels
and among more merchants.
Among them is E-purchase, a supermarket self-service fast cash register App. The E-purchase
technical team is integrating with Bizkey’s open platform for development. YUKK, Indonesia's
largest local retail & lifestyle information platform, is also integrating with the Bizkey open
platform. TicketGO is Taiwan's largest coupon verification platform and is also integrating with
Bizkey’s open platform for App transformation.

1

5.2. Introduction to Ecosystem Application of Bizkey
Currently, more than five applications for our ecosystem partners are in the R&D or internal testing
phase and will be released to the market soon:
1) BizPos: a dual-screen blockchain intelligent POS machine. Its v1. 0 prototype was released on
October 10 in Beijing, and in November began small-scale production. BizPos provides support
for merchant fiat payment-mining, CRM systems, voucher systems, and digital currency
payment acceptance. Digital currency holders will be able to pay in Singapore's Chinatown
using the ERC20 wallet, which was unveiled on October 31 at the first “Token Day” event.
2) TIME card: v1.0 is online. This WeChat Mini Program, based on Bizkey consumer points, can
obtain TIME universal points by mining, consuming, helping merchants market, and exchange
privileges and commodities among many real businesses. At present, it has been accessed by
more than 10, 000 restaurants, with daily active users totaling more than 20, 000 in first tier
cities in northern China.
3) BizTalk: an app in beta phase of internal testing. It is a social product for local retail merchants.
Merchants can buy inventory, make sales, accept mobile payments and make withdrawals.
Merchants can communicate with each other, recommend each other, and cross promote each
other.
4) BizPay: digital currency payment solution. V1. 0 is in R&D and will be online, it is a very simple
and convenient APP to help real businesses with digital money payment and settlement. The
best feature of BizPay is that customers can pay in digital currency, while merchants have
direct access to local currency settlements. V1. 0 currently supports Singapore and mainland
China.
5) BizMap: BizMap is under development and will be available for internal testing at the end of
November. Any user can quickly find merchants that support Bizkey tokens or points to
complete transactions. Any merchant in the Bizkey ecosystem can also find other businesses
that can cooperate by quick matching.

1

5.3. Product Development Planning
Bizkey One-year Product Development goal is divided into three stages:
The first stage: the Bizkey open platform is launched to facilitate integration of payment channels
and the sale of the BizPos device;
The second stage: the establishment of BZKY built-in exchange to facilitate circulation of BZKY
tokens;
The third stage: provide more mainstream digital currency payment and settlement solutions,
create traffic and launch the fee share profit model.

BizPos launch
The Open platform
for integration of
different payment
Channels

BZKY wide circulation

Integrate with more tokens

BZKY built-in exchange

Data monetization and fee sharing
profit model

1

6.1. Bizkey Token Issuance
The name of Bizkey’s token is BZKY, which represents the certificate of transaction data assets of
merchants. After the data collection and anonymization, we reward BZKY tokens to merchants.
The total number of tokens is 10 billion, and the distribution and use are as follows:
Allocation

Early stage supporters

Ecosystem Building

Start-up Team

Proportion

Use

Locking scheme

20%

Fundraising

When the BZKY is listed,
3% will be unlocked. The
rest will be unlocked
within 12 months on
average.

15%

Reward early stage
team contribution

After the listing of BZKY,
it will be unlocked in 18
months.
When the BZKY is listed,
0. 5% will be unlocked.
After that, the rest will be
unlocked six times, with
the proportion of 0.5%,
0.5%, 0.75%, 0.75%, 1%
and 1%. They will be
unlocked every three
months.

Partner

5%

Motivate partners to
join us

Merchant
reward

30%

Rewarding merchants

Released gradually over
3 years.

Foundation operations

After the listing of BZKY, it
will be unlocked every six
months. The amount of
each unlocking does not
exceed 10% of remaining
amount of the held coins.

Foundation

30%

The funds raised through token sale will be fully spent on developing Bizkey projects and building
the ecosystem, with approximately 20% of the funds spent on R&D activities, 30% on the
operation and development of the project, 20% on promotion and establishment of a high-value
community, 20% on providing payment terminal equipment for businesses, and 10% on other
revolving funds. The above proportion is a rough plan and may change in the future if adjustments
are required during the implementation of Bizkey project.

.

1

6.2. Bizkey Token Economic Model to Promote Fast Acquisition of Merchants

Bizkey

Ecosystem

Mobile
Payment
Channel

Global Node

Merchant

Customer

Ecosystem
Reward +0.05
BZKY

Supermarket

F&B

Customer

Regional
Node

Industry
Node

Transaction
Reward
+1 BZKY

Association
Member

Customer

Jewelry

Transaction Complete
+100 Time Common
Loyalty Points

1) Transaction is mining
Bizkey uses 30% of the tokens to reward real transaction data from merchants in the ecosystem.
After sanitizing and recording the transaction data, merchants can receive the amount of BZKY
rewards based on BizPower computation. The usage of Bizkey does not decrease the merchant’s
actual income. Rather, the BZKY token rewards is a subsidy to the transaction fee merchants have
to pay.
2 Ecosystem rewards
Bizkey set aside 5% of the tokens in the ecosystem pool to reward the Global Nodes that bring
merchants to the ecosystem. Bizkey collaborates with many channel partners that already have
offline merchant resources. Without affecting any of their current earnings, Bizkey works with all
these partners to jointly create a future ecosystem of digital currency usage and acceptance.
3 About the mining capacity of BizPower
There are three elements in a complete piece of transaction data: merchants, users, and orderrelated information. The more complete and cleaner the transaction data is, the higher the
BizPower score will be calculated by the BizPower API. The higher the score, the higher BZKY
reward allocation. Put simply, the greater the BizPower value, the stronger the mining ability.
4 BZKY reward rules
The release amount of BZKY tokens per day is equal to the number of merchant nodes multiplied
by 100. When the number of merchant nodes reaches 30,000, BZKY rewards will cap at 3 million,
releasing the remaining ~3 billion BZKY steadily over 1000 days.

5) Allocation standard of merchant rewards: The quantity of reward is affected by BizPower and
the amount of BZKY holding by the merchant.
In the first month, the rewards are distributed just according to the BizPower of merchants per day
to the total amount of BizPower. From the second to the sixth month, merchant’s holding of BZKY
plays a increasing weightage in determining the reward allocation, until 50% of the rewards are
determined by BizPower and the other 50% determined by the merchant’s holding of BZKY.
BZKY rewarded to
merchants
1st month
2nd month
3rd month
4th month
5th month
6th month
7th month onward

BizPower proportion

BZKY holding proportion

100%
90%
80%
70%
60%
50%
50%

0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
50%

Presumably, there are 5 merchants in the first day of the first month, then the total distributed
incentives would be 5 X 100 = 500. Since the incentives are distributed according to BizPower
proportion, presumably, the average total of the 5 merchants on that day amounts to 400, in
which the BizPower of merchant A is 80, then the incentives merchant A will obtain would be 500
X (80 / 400) = 100 BZKY.
Presumably there are 100 merchants in the first day of the second month, then the total
distributed incentives would be 100 X 100 = 10000. Since from the second month, 90% of rewards
are based on the proportion of BizPower and the rest 10% according to BZKY holding proportion.
Suppose the average BizPower of the 100 merchants was 9, 000, the total was 1000 BZKY, of
which, merchant A had a daily BizPower of 85, holding 10 BZKY. The reward of merchant A would
be 10000 X 90% X (85 / 9000) 10000 X 10% X (10 / 1000) = 95 BZKY.

6) How to prevent fraudulent transactions

62

02

1 0

850

The incentive mechanism of BZKY is the key to the healthy development of the Bizkey ecosystem,
so long as it can effectively prevent merchants and customers from counterfeiting data and
transactions. Prevention of fraudulent transaction requires active prevention and passive
punishment.
Firstly, the ID offline authentication system authenticates the identity of merchants. The Bizkey
team can verify the business license, address, ID card, bank card, telephone number and other
information of merchants through the ID offline authentication system. Real merchants are the
basis for ensuring authentic data.
Secondly, BizPower is a very effective filter mechanism to prevent merchants from counterfeiting
and can filter the repeated “click farming” attempts by colluding with users. The algorithm will
continue to optimize, so that the counterfeiting costs of merchants rise while rewards get smaller.
Finally, Bizkey will draw portraits of participants based on their transaction data. Users with
abnormal transaction behavior will be identified and the Token awards of merchants and
customers will be reduced. According to the seriousness of the counterfeiting behavior between
the merchant and the customer, severe punishments will be imposed on the merchant and the
user such as authority downgrading, degradation, limitations on free transaction, deletion of
nodes, and so on.
6.3. Digital currency payment with BZKY reduce transaction fee for retail merchants
Traditional financial institutions have high transaction service charges, especially credit card
payment charges which are 2-3%. By cutting out the bank, the transaction service charges of
WeChat and Alipay in China can be quite low. Similarly, the BizPay service charge is only 0. 38%.

Countries and Regions

Payment Method
WeChat/Alipay

5

1 45

Credit card
Debit card

5 3

WeChat/Alipay

2
4

Credit card

2

Credit card
Credit card

. 5 21

2

Credit card

Service Charge
%

12

1

6.4. Effectively promote cross traffic between merchants
The transaction data given to obtain BZKY rewards is not sold to vendors, but instead run through
data science modules to return data insights to merchants, helping them better understand
customer journey from start to finish. Contributors to this ecosystem receive actionable insights at
a discounted rate and receive other tools to drive cross traffic between themselves and other
merchants.
1

Consumer incentives in the ecosystem:

TIME represents the consumer incentive in the Bizkey ecosystem and is a circulation voucher that
can purchase perks, discounts, or other merchant driven rewards. Customers receive TIME by
patronizing merchants in the Bizkey ecosystem and are incentivized by custom rewards offered by
each merchant exchangeable with TIME. Customers will obtain 100 TIME for each 100 RMB spent
(For the consumption using the legal tender of other countries, it will be converted based on a
real-time exchange rate). The utility of TIME increases and its consumer incentive becomes more
attractive as merchants participate in the ecosystem.
How consumers can receive TIME:
Tasks

Purchases
• Spend 100 RMB to obtain
100 TIME

2

• New registration
• Invite friends to sign up
• Daily sign in
• Seasonal & festive gifts

Marketing for merchants &
products
• Sharing on social media
• Giving merchants reviews

Location based customer sharing:

Most believe that rivalrous companies cannot share customers or clients, but this is not the case in
retail. Food festivals, shopping malls, and bar hopping are all examples of this phenomenon.
Merchants may be in similar categories, but when clustered together, they share a common pool
of traffic.
Bizkey has a dual Token economic model: the BZKY token representing merchant data assets, and
the TIME loyalty points used by consumers within the ecosystem. Some small merchants may not
be able to give discounts on their goods, but by joining the Bizkey ecosystem are still able to have
their customers rewarded. The larger merchants may be more likely to offer larger reward in
exchange for TIME tokens, and are able to use TIME to drive cross traffic between themselves and
the smaller merchants in a win-win relationship.
Merchants decide themselves how they want to attract customers using the TIME token system.
Some merchants may not feel the need to use this system at all but will still have patrons
rewarded with TIME courtesy of Bizkey.

3

Higher efficiency of cross traffic based on customer daily routine journey

After a long-term study by Bizkey and its partners, an efficient model of cross marketing based on
customer daily journey has been explored. Along each customer’s journey, relevant
recommendations can be made to consumers which are close to places visited during their daily
routine. Just as machine learning can find recommendations for e-commerce shoppers, similar
tools can find brick and mortar merchants in one’s area. This strategy breaks through the original
geographical location restrictions and expands the scope of commercial marketing possibilities.
Internal studies show that recommendations that are close to a customer’s typical daily path can
increase cross traffic between merchants by 30%.

Shopping
mall
2

Office
F&B
Recommends

Buy

Apparel store

Recommends

Fruit Store

Home

Offline retail struggles to provide the right goods to the right people at the right place, time, and
price. Bizkey can help businesses in the ecosystem with:
• People: through recommendations, bring warm leads
• Goods: discover inventory optimization tools with local historical transaction data
• Place: with local recommendations, Bizkey expands each merchant’s marketing promotion
possibilities. In the offline retail industry, we see that small data is more efficiently used when
paired with local customers.

6.5. “Transaction is mining” to keep merchants active
Bizkey has a huge advantage over its competitors due to the abundant experience getting traction
with merchants. Many blockchain teams are strong in technical background but are weak in
merchant acquisition. We know from experience that the cost of merchant acquisition is high, as is
promoting digital money payments to businesses. Even if education is successful, keeping the POS
devices in use requires continuous manpower. Crypto enabling POS devices may end up on the
shelves collecting dust if crypto users are infrequent, or there is no other incentive to use it. BZKY
token rewards incentivize merchants to continuously use our device, creating a high-frequency
point of contact with merchants.
1) At the present stage it is difficult to promote cryptocurrency payment
It is an arduous process to train merchants to use crypto enabled POS devices, from giving it to the
merchant, activating it, and getting them to use it frequently. Have other teams who deploy POS
machines logged more than a single digital currency payment transaction per day on each POS
device? This is unlikely, and this is often the case when the machine is given for free. It is equally
difficult, if not more, to sell a POS device to a merchant. To cultivate merchant’s habit, the team
must maintain high frequency contact, a process requiring a lot of manpower, material, and
financial resources. Even so, the machine may still end up lying in a storage cabinet collecting dust.
After each transaction,
merchant receivesBZKY
a notification
for BZKY reward, keeping
frequent contact100
for training &
advertising purpose
100

2) Facilitating traditional payment for data-driven rewards keeps merchants responsive
One of the advantages of Bizkey is that we have make use of established payment channels to
maintain contact with merchants. The most frequently used and indispensable part of retail is the
payment gateway. At this stage, fiat payment is indispensable. For each transaction merchants
record, they receive a corresponding amount of BZKY tokens.

The cost of onboarding merchants is low, and the success rate is high, because Bizkey does not
affect the merchant's legal tender income or disrupt the merchant's existing operation.
We established contact with merchants after each purchase, keeping ourselves part of their
routine. In Chinese markets where mobile payments are more prevalent, this connection is more
convenient. If the merchant sees a material benefit to using our POS devices or application, we
have influence with merchants. This process is cheaper than the manpower required to
continuously retrain merchants to use our device.

3

Opening our platform and allowing integration to improve onboarding:

Bizkey focuses more attention to API integration rather than facing merchants directly. Blockchain
capable POS machines are only one entry in Bizkey ecosystem. We have the API integration to
achieve a wider customer base, especially the existing mobile payment channels. These channels
often have their own payment and settlement systems in place.
One channel brought in over a week spent on API integration can bring tens of thousands of new
merchants for the Bizkey ecosystem. Not only can the merchants can obtain BZKY during the
normal transaction process, but merchant acquirers can also receive an additional 5% BZKY
reward, becoming an indispensable node in the ecosystem. At present, Bizkey has integrated with
payment channels in mainland China, Southeast Asia, Japan, South Korea, and other countries.
This rapid integration and mutually beneficial ecosystem can expand our merchant base faster
than peers. In an era where speed is the defining competitive advantage, Bizkey has an absolute
advantage using this business model.

6.6. The logic for value appreciation of BZKY tokens
1 BZKY infiltrating the payment process
Bizkey' s first landing scenario is "payment", which gives BZKY a natural direct payment usage
scenario. Whether merchants or users, you can use BZKY and others for the exchange of goods and
services. At this point, the "BZKY" has currency characteristic.
Total BZKY circulation

10 billion

Total BZKY rewards

3 billion

Daily rewards cap

3 million

Rewarding duration

1,000 days

As the Bizkey project deepens and lands in various areas, the more payment scenarios there are
and the more merchant partners it will bring: The scale of the transaction multiplied, directly
increasing the demand for BZKY. However, the total amount of BZKY is limited, and the supply of
circulating flux is decreasing gradually, the relationship between supply and demand will promote
the rise of currency price. The frequency of transactions increased in multiple, liquidity demand
pushed up the price of currency;

[Merchant]: willing to accept BZKY payment
• The transaction cost is lower than the traditional way such as credit card, the merchant has the
willingness to accept;
• Willing to actively recommend customer use;
• In addition, BZKY circulation is limited with value-added utility, businesses would want to hold
on to it.
[Customer]: willing to buy BZKY
• BZKY can be used for payment and is useful;
• Limited circulation, low initial price, customers thus have the desire to buy and keep;
• Even when not in use, BZKY has the potential to appreciate in value.

62 5
2

5

5

65641

6

Internal circulation: the application potential of BZKY in the ecosystem is enormous

Merchants can use BZKY to obtain the rights to use products such as: the POS machine, API call,
APP products, DAPP products etc. Merchants stake BZKY to obtain discounts.

Deduction of transaction service charge

3

Data sharing among agreeing merchants

Mutual data cooperation

API calls, APP, DAPP product usage

Token staking discount

Purchase of Biz-POS device

Token staking discount

Purchase of supply chain or financial services

Token staking discount

Business Intelligence related services

Token staking discount

Holding more BZKY to attract more customers

Holding more BZKY will translate to more rights and privileges in the ecosystem. Based on our
design, the maximum discount a customer can claim with TIME token at a merchant will be
pegged proportionately to the BZKY holding by the merchant. So selling BZKY on the market means
reducing its ability to attract new customers or retain existing customers with discount. It is more
important for merchants to attract customers at low cost. As a result, merchants have the
incentive to purchase and keep BZKY.

6

336
6

63 15

1 6 5

5 15
64

3

.

.
7.1

.

.

.

.

2

2

Large scale of readily convertible merchant base

The
Bizkey team
has rich connections
and mortar
merchants in mainland
Cooperation
Partner
Region with brickNumber
of Merchants
Phase China,
Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan, Thailand, and other southeast Asian
.
Allocated on the Token
1

Koipy

Singapore

Over 8, 000

2

SK Jewelry

Singapore,

Nearly one hundred

MOU signed

day

Southeast Asia
3

Koryo Mart

Singapore

9

MOU signed

4

Digital Diamond

Mainland China,

Nearly 20, 000

MOU signed

Foundation

Hong Kong

YUKK

Indonesia

Over 5, 000

Allocated and

5

integrated with API
6

Ji Dian Shu

Taiwan

Nearly one thousand

MOU signed

7

TicketGO

Taiwan

Nearly a thousand hotels

MOU signed

and ten thousand retailers
8

Mr. Koala

Mainland China

40, 000

In progress

9

DRAGONPASS

Global airport

Over 2, 000

MOU signed

lounges
10

Xbed

Mainland China

Over 20,000

MOU signed

11

ALL PEOPLE

Mainland China

Over 100, 000

MOU signed

12

Ru E Gou

Mainland China

12 Supermarkets

Allocated and
integrated with API

13

Over a dozen other

3rd

party payment channels

Mainland China

Over 120, 000

Allocated and inserted
with API

Bizkey, with its considerable resources across Southeast Asia, has signed cooperation agreements
with Singapore based KOIPY, SK Jewelry group, Singapore branches of a South Korean supermarket
chain, and the DD-Foundation. They respectively represent more than 8, 000 catering merchants,
more than 100 jewelry stores, dozens of Korean supermarkets, and approximately 20, 000 retail
gold and jewelry stores in HK and mainland China. We are also developing the transition to API for
YUKK of Indonesia, TREE of Taiwan, and TicketGO, which covers massive numbers of merchants in
Southeast Asia.
The ultimate target of Bizkey is the global offline retail market. Currently, Bizkey is making contact
with retail channels and mobile payment systems in Japan, South Korea and Canada. Soon, BZKY
will gain huge traction in brick-and-mortar retail payment systems, which will implement wide
availability of crypto payments solutions.

Mr. Koala Science and Technology Network and other Bizkey partners in mainland China have
serviced at least 400 thousand brick and mortar merchants including more than 100 famous
brands including HaiDiLao, Xibe Youmiancuni, Dalongyi Hotpot, Xiao Long Kan, NAYUKI, and
others.
DRAGONPASS Company Limited has nearly 20 million registered members, a service network
spanning globally, including 115 countries and 500 airports and bullet trains with more than 2, 000
lounges and restaurants.
We have also obtained the cooperation with domestic accommodation platform - Xbed, social
media business platform - ALL PEOPLE, and supermarket service provider - Ru E Gou, which are all
integrating their systems with our API. These platforms hold 20, 000 Bed &Breakfast (B&B)
merchants, more than 1 million beauty salons and dozens of large supermarkets. We signed
agreements with more than 10 mobile payment service providers and developed the API
integration.

7.2. Market Expansion Strategy
Market expansion is mainly driven by the “transaction is mining” mechanism, allowing for rapid
expansion due to the increased benefits for early adopters.
In the first stage, Bizkey primarily expands in the retail markets of both China and Singapore to gain
large market share in a short period of time. With the rapid growth of our merchant base, Bizkey
will optimize the incentive mechanism according to data and merchant feedback, shape our
products according to need, and improve services.
During the second stage, the Bizkey team will strategically expand in selected emerging markets in
Southeast Asia and Asia Pacific and gradually promote international cooperation with merchant
acquirers. Bizkey will expand to additional emerging markets, further deepening its operations in
major markets and begin cross-industry promotion in the third stage.

100

0

7.3. Token Day
In celebration of the 10th anniversary of Bitcoin, Bizkey launched ‘Token Day’ in Singapore. Held
from October 31st to November 18th, Token Day is a campaign to familiarize the public with
cryptocurrency in a retail setting. During this period, 30 retailers clustered around Singapore’s
Chinatown accepted various cryptocurrencies as payment. Customers use Bizkey’s POS device to
pay with various cryptocurrencies including Ethereum, BZKY, and 10 other tokens voted on by the
community.
Token Day will be held once a year, with locations held according to community input and
elections. Hong Kong, Taipei, and South Korean Jeju Island have applied to be the candidate city for
the second annual Token Day.
Token Day aims to be the most-anticipated and largest crypto payment festival in the global
blockchain industry each year, giving Bizkey international reach and an opportunity to expand the
merchant base.

8.1. At current stage, it is too early to charge commission fees as a profit model
It is impossible for any project to work without a profit model. However, it would be short sighted
to charge commission fees for the reasons listed below:
First, the frequency of digital currency payment is too low to support such a model. If it is not
possible to exceed 100, 000 orders per day, a commission fee would not even able to support a
team of 10.
Second, the commission charge on crypto payments must be lower than those on fiat payments. If
commissions are higher on crypto than fiat payments in addition to being less efficient, who would
choose to pay using crypto currency?
Third, it would be difficult for a company whose core business is offline to survive if forced to pay a
commission charge. Is it possible to run a team of 100 staff with lower charge and less efficient
marketing promotion? If the project must manufacture and sell POS machines, it is incapable to
earn money in the short term.
8.2. BZKY tokens are not available for free
Merchants have the decision of sharing their data, which becomes masked and anonymized, in
exchange for BZKY. One of the most valuable parts of the offline retail industry is the transaction
data. Mobile payment companies, aggregate payment companies, Banks, and other platforms
work hard and at great expense on acquiring merchant data. The decentralized data assets each
merchant has are quite small, have many different formats, are possibly unreliable, etc. Through
the BizPower mechanism, we incentivize merchants to offer clean data, and converge formats over
time. In this way, we are attempting to correct the increasing market centralization driven by the
overwhelming market dominance of a few players.
BZKY has many functions usable directly by merchants. The basic function of BZKY is to deduct
transaction fees and offer discounts on Bizkey’s suite of services. These benefits scale with the
amount of BZKY held, increasing in utility according to the number of merchants and users in the
ecosystem.

8.3. Profit Model: Beyond the commission charges
1) Short term: monetization of merchant-platform interaction
It is mentioned earlier that frequent interaction between merchants and Bizkey is achieved as
payments are processed through the platform. The callback /notification page for the merchants
to claim BZKY is the easiest way to maintain connection.
At the time of this writing, BZKY is trading at 0.1 RMB, meaning that the cost to buy one
interaction with a merchants costs 0.1 RMB. On the callback page, by just providing information or
an advertisement about our logistics products, credit products, or wealth management products
can generate a healthy revenue for Bizkey. Bizkey's launch event on 10th October 2018 showed
BHPC’s cloud mining product, which gives monthly return of 1%, as an example of how this model
works. Assuming a conversion rate of 1 percent, this gives us an ROI of 30x on the merchantplatform interaction. Therefore, allocating 30% of the token pool to reward merchants doesn't
generate much selling pressure for BZKY. It is rare for blockchain projects to have such a clear profit
model in such an early phase.
2) Medium Term: cross traffic and performance fees
As the number of merchants in the Bizkey ecosystem and associated transaction data increases,
there will be more opportunities to achieve more cross traffic opportunities between merchants.
Merchants can easily refer their customers to other establishments in their area and receive
automatic rewards based on successful referrals. Customers from store A successfully referred to
store B will reward store A according to inter-merchant agreements, with Bizkey taking 1% of the
transaction amount as commission, a figure which is much lower than larger platforms in the
industry.
3) Long Term: Commission from the digital currency
As crypto currency payments are more commonly used, Bizkey will take 10% of the transaction fee
as a commission fee. For example, if the transaction fee is 3%, then 0.3% will belong to Bizkey.

9.1. Foundation Structure
In order to meet the needs of international positioning and governance, a non-profit organization,
Bizkey Foundation Ltd. (referred to as the “Foundation”) has been incorporated. The Foundation is
committed to developing and building the Bizkey and dealing with related matters of open source
community projects to promote the harmonious development of the community by making a
good governance mechanism.
The Foundation consists of a Board of Directors and Work Group. It takes charge of administrative
function, technical function, operational function and other functions. The Foundation deals with
routine work and special matters to maintain daily operation and the pace of development.
The Board of Directors is the highest management decision-making body of the Foundation. It is
made up of more than three directors. The chairman will be selected from the members of the
Board of Directors. The board is responsible for hiring or dismissing the CEO, making important
decisions and holding emergency meeting. It has the right to vote by registered ballot for all the
above matters. Each member shall have one vote. When the board decides, it must be approved
by more than half of the members.
The Board of Directors shall exercise the following duties:
1) Adjust the governance structure of the Foundation
2) Appoint or dismiss the CEO
3) Make decisions on technological paths, business modes, the direction of the market, etc.
4) Emergency events such as events affecting the entire community software security, system
upgrades, etc.
5) Other major decisions
The Foundation has a CEO who is responsible for the daily management of the Bizkey project and
performs the following duties:
1) Manage the daily operation work and carry out the decisions of the Foundation
2) Formulate a basic management system
3) Appoint or dismiss the heads of the working groups
4) Map out the open source code framework and work out capital allocation

%

0

9.2. Foundation and Ecosystem Committee
Name : Ecosystem Committee for Blockchain &
Retail
Target : Establish the committee system, super
node election system, empower the merchants in
the community. The representative participates in
the Foundation management, and through 10-year
development, it shall become fully autonomous
community governance.
Mission : Empower the offline economy, create
the better future
Vision : Realize the community construction
and autonomy
Value : Share resources

Within 10-years of development, the
Bizkey Foundation will be fully entrusted to
the Ecosystem Committee for governance.

1) Structure and Distribution
Foundation

Node

Ecosystem Committee
Participate

Standing
Committee

Ecosystem share

Develop super node

Regional Node

Singapore
Thailand

Secretariat 5%

Management
share
( Total 30%
10 year realise
autonomy )

2

Election/Voting
Branding &
Positioning
Technology &
security
Community &
Engagement

Ecosystem
Incentive 5%

South Korea

Industry Node

F&B
Supermarket

Education & Talent
Payment &
Settlement
Supply Chain &
Finance

Luxury/Jewelry

Executive Committee Founding Process
Step 1-Preparation
Committee

Step 2-Temporary
Committee

Step 3-1st Election Committee

Step 4-Executive Committee

Draft

Temporary
Committee

Election rule

Ecosystem
masterplan

Consultation

Plan adjustment

Budget plan

Super node
election plan

Preparation

v1.0 Committee
Structure

First election

Develop super
node

Secretariat

Open
submission

.

0 1

.

Except the provisions in the white paper, the Bizkey Foundation and its affiliates make no
representations or warranties for Bizkey or BZKY (especially the marketability and specific
functionality). The behavior of participation in contributions, sale and purchase of any merchant is
based on their own knowledge, laws and regulations and information about Bizkey and BZKY.
Without breaking the marketability of Bizkey, all the participants will accept the BZKY as it is after
the launch of Bizkey project, regardless of its technical specifications, parameters, performance
or function.
The objectives and contents in the white paper may change. Part of the content in white paper
and other documents will be modified as the project progresses. The team will update the
contents by posting an announcement on the website or updating the white paper or other
documents.
The Foundation and its affiliates shall deny and disclaim these duties:
1) Anyone who violates the regulatory requirements of anti-money laundering, counter-terrorism
financing or other regulatory requirements when purchasing the BZKY.
2) Anyone who violates the representations, warranties, obligations, promises or other
requirements in white paper and fails to use and withdraw the token.
3) The marketing plan of BZKY is abandoned for any reason.
4) The use of funds raised by the BZKY Sales Program
Any behavior of revealing, losing or damaging of the BZKY.s wallet private key
6) The breach of contract, violation, infringement, collapse, libel, termination or suspension of
service, fraud, misuse, misconduct, error, negligence, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or
closure of BZKY.s third-party distribution platform.
7) There is a difference, conflict or contradiction between the content of the agreement with the
third-party distribution platform and the content of this white paper.
8) Trading or speculation about BZKY
9) Listed, suspended or delisted of BZKY on any trading platform.
10) BZKY is classified or treated as a currency, securities, commercial paper, negotiable
instrument, investment or other matter by any government, quasi-government agency, competent
authority or public agency, so that it is prohibited, regulated or restricted by law.
11) Any risk factors disclosed in this white paper and the damages, losses, claims, liabilities,
penalties, costs or other negative effects caused by related risk factors.
12) The failure, delay or postpone of public blockchain of BUMO and other third parties. Errors,
flaws, defects, failure, crash, rollback, or hard fork of the source code and fails to perform a
specific function or is not suitable for purposes
In addition, the potential risks briefly mentioned above are not exhaustive. To the extent
permitted by applicable law, the damages and risks resulting from participation, include but not
limited to direct or indirect personal damage, loss of commercial profits, loss of business
information or other economic losses. Bizkey Foundation and the Team are not liable for such
damages and risks. Participants are required to fully understand the team background, the over- all
framework and ideas of the project before participating in the project and making decisions.

BZKY Token use
In the future, additional applications of the BZKY token will be laid out in detail. This section deals
exclusively with the token staking mechanism.
Merchants will have the option to stake tokens for a period of 2 months, 3 months, or 6 months.
With tokens staked, merchants will be able to purchase utility tools offered by the Bizkey platform
at a discount, limited by the value of tokens staked and stake duration. The value of the tokens
staked will give a discount ratio of 2 to 1. For example, if a merchant stakes $50 worth of tokens
for 6 months, he will be able to enjoy a 40% discount off the suite of services of up to $25 during
the 6-month stake period. Shorter stake durations will reduce the discount percentage. In this way,
merchants have incentive to stake tokens proportional to the amount of utility purchased on the
Bizkey platform.
The ratio of tokens staked to merchant discount may not necessarily remain 2:1, as the ratio may
be adjusted according to merchant feedback or promotion specials.
If the token price drops over the staking period, merchants must purchase more tokens to renew a
discount of an equivalent size. If the token price rises over the staking period, merchants need only
stake a portion of their unlocked tokens and are free to hold the rest or sell on exchange.
Scalability of BZKY Token
With the staking system, the value of the BZKY token scales with merchant adoption and the value
of Bizkey’s suite of utilities. Better tools, more utility functions, better transaction systems, and
additional market segments serviced translates to more purchases and therefore more discounts
the BZKY token can provide.
As merchants are rewarded with BZKY tokens in exchange for transaction data, they will have an
incentive to use it in the staking mechanism for discounts. Many merchant early adopters, having
been rewarded with a larger share of the token pool, will be able to stake for free, enjoying the
deeply discounted rate with tokens to spare.
As seen below, a merchant who spends $10 a month on utility and participates in the 6-month
staking mechanism reaps huge savings with a stable or increasing BZKY token. The only potential
for downside is if the token price drops by more than 50% over the staking period. Anything else is
pure savings, or even profit.

Case Scenario:
Consider a merchant who spends $10 monthly on a business intelligence module on the Bizkey
platform. He is interested in the 40% discount under the 6-month lockup plan, one of the 3 plans
demonstrated below.
2 month
3 month
6 month
20%
2
30%
3
40%
6
Tokens
Fiat
Tokens
Fiat
Tokens
Fiat
$
8.00 $
16 $
18.00 $
21 $ 48.00 $
36

He decides to lock up $48 worth of tokens and pay $6 each month for the utility, paying only $36
dollars over the 6-month period and saving $24 dollars. He is free to sell the tokens after 6 months
or use them for another lockup.
Token Pool Valuation
The total value of the BKZY token pool may be thought of as the present value of an annuity,
where the annuity payments are the savings reaped by token staking. Working with the
conservative assumption that merchants on average will spend $10 a month on Bizkey’s utilities
and take advantage of the largest possible discount of 40%, we can make use of the following
annuity valuation:

Since a 40% discount requires a 6-month staking period, the annuity is semiannual with a payment
of $4 monthly, or $24 semiannually. We can find a lower-bound token pool valuation by assuming
ultraconservative parameters. If the project lasts just 5 years which translates to 10 payment
periods, using a 5% annual or 2.47% semiannual interest rate, we can find the following lowerbound valuations:

Number of Merchants Semiannual savings
10,000
240,000
20,000
480,000
50,000
1,200,000
100,000
2,400,000
200,000
4,800,000
300,000
7,200,000
400,000
9,600,000
500,000
12,000,000
1,000,000
24,000,000
1,200,000
28,800,000
1,400,000
33,600,000
1,600,000
38,400,000
1,800,000
43,200,000
2,000,000
48,000,000
4,000,000
96,000,000

Token Pool Valuation
$
2,103,864
$
4,207,728
$
10,519,320
$
21,038,641
$
42,077,281
$
63,115,922
$
84,154,562
$
105,193,203
$
210,386,405
$
252,463,687
$
294,540,968
$
336,618,249
$
378,695,530
$
420,772,811
$
841,545,622

Note that successful conversion of our existing merchant network (500,000 merchants) into
customers paying $6 monthly gives the BZKY token market cap a lower-bound valuation of $105
million. With 10 billion tokens, this valuation places the value of each BZKY token at just over a
penny each. By adjusting the parameters, investors can create their own valuation of each BZKY
token.

