WHITE PAPER

Identity for a
Connected World
A user centric identity application for regulated industries
and the Internet of Everything

blockpass.org

WHITE PAPER

Identity for a
Connected World
A user centric identity application for regulated industries
and the Internet of Everything

Version 1.3.3
LEGAL DISCLAIMER: Please read the following notice carefully as it applies to all persons reading this
Whitepaper. This document was prepared by Blockpass and its affiliates who may alter and update this
notice at their discretion. This document does not constitute nor imply a prospectus of any sort and it
does not establish a relationship between you and Blockpass. No wording contained herein should be
construed as a solicitation for investment. Accordingly, this whitepaper does not pertain in any way to an
offering of securities in any jurisdiction. Rather, this whitepaper constitutes a technical description of the
business purpose, function, economic and social value of the Blockpass platform, the creation and
distribution of PASS tokens based on that platform, and the promotion, implementation, and adoption of
an identity ecosystem serving as a conduit among humans, objects, and devices. This Whitepaper is for
information purposes only. Users who intend to purchase PASS tokens are strongly advised to read this
Whitepaper carefully and perform due diligence in their respective jurisdictions. Users that are citizens or
resident of any country where purchase of similar tokens may be prohibited, or the sale itself is deemed
not compliant with applicable laws and regulations are not eligible to purchase PASS tokens at this
stage. Please note that if you are a resident of the United States you will NOT be able to purchase
PASS tokens.
Blockpass and its affiliates shall have no liability for damages of any kind arising from the use, reference
to, or reliance on this whitepaper or any of the content contained herein, even if advised of the
possibility of such damages. This paper is a description of the current and planned Blockpass
ecosystem, the participants designing and developing it, and the project undertaken to bring it to
fruition. As such, this paper may contain predictions, estimates or other information that might be
considered forward-looking. While these forward-looking statements represent Blockpass’s current
assessment of what the future holds, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the
actual results to differ materially. Hence, the reader of this whitepaper is cautioned not to place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect the opinions of the Blockpass team only as
of the date of issuance of the paper. Please bear in mind that Blockpass does not obligate itself to
revise or publicly release the results of any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new
information or future events. Investing in new technology may involve risk and we recommend that you
seek out independent financial advice before purchasing PASS tokens.

Contents
Executive Summary

4

A Self-Sovereign Identity Solution

5

An Effective Human Identity Application for 2018

6

A Growing User Base of Verified Identities

6

Benefits for Businesses and Individuals

7

A Digital Identity Solution for Humans

8

Why Start with Humans?

8

The Blockpass Human Identity Solution

12

The Blockpass Suite of Products

13

User Application

14

Certificates

19

Blockpass ID Keys

20

Blockpass KYC Automated Verification System

20

Blockpass KYC Admin Platform

21

Roadmap

22

Team

23

Corporate Structure

25

The PASS Token

26

Token Distribution Events

28

Initial Token Distribution Event - 31st May to 30th November

28

Token Allocation Roadmap

28

Other Allocations of PASS tokens

29

Glossary

blockpass.org

30

Page 3

Executive Summary

The world is becoming more connected, and recent accelerations in
the development of blockchain technologies attest to this fact. Now,
quickly approaching, is Web 3.0, the next generation of the internet,
where on-chain (blockchain) services will be accessible alongside their
online counterparts, where profit and value centers will be shared
across open networks, and where everything will be connected.
Whereas today internet-based industry is centralized, and goods and
services must be obtained through a third party (e.g., Amazon, Uber,
Airbnb), Web 3.0 users will be able to go online to access services that
have eliminated centralized forms of organization and that operate
through decentralized applications (Dapps). Over time, these Dapps,
owing to shared-cost infrastructures and a growing demand among users
for data security, will outcompete the centralized applications, and a new,
decentralized economy will come to the fore.
To make this Web 3.0 vision fully feasible, the blockchain industry - and the
blockchain networks themselves - require the support of compliance tools.
The starting point for the creation of these compliance tools is a know-yourcustomer (KYC) solution - a method for blockchain service vendors to
confirm the identity of their customers. This setup will streamline the
accessing of blockchain services for users and drive down compliance
costs for blockchain merchants, who are facing ever-increasing regulatory
demands. In the Internet of Things, KYC

is the first step, as it enables the digitally registered ownership of things.

blockpass.org

Page 4

A Self-Sovereign Identity Solution
Blockpass is an identity application for regulated services and the Internet
of Things (IoT). It is positioned as a first step towards the development of
a fully self-sovereign identity protocol for the Internet of Everything (IoE).
An identity application is a software product that allows users to
establish (verify), store, and manage identities. The identities that an
identity application platform can store include those of people, things,
and of other objects. The current, initial, release of the Blockpass app
provides an identity solution for humans. Future releases will include
solutions for devices and objects.
A self-sovereign identity application is a platform where users can
establish, store, and manage identities whilst maintaining full control
over all data involved. Data collected to establish a self-sovereign
identity is not stored on any central server. Instead, the data is passed
to the verifier (be it a machine or a human) to view only for so long as
is required to create the identity. When the verification is completed,
the data is sent back to the user’s own personal device.
Blockpass in its first release creates user-centric identities, integrating a
KYC procedure that involves data deletion at each step of verification,
and that allows data to only be stored on the user’s personal device. At
Any moment, Blockpass identities can be verified against a root hash,
derived from a Merkle tree compose of hashes of the user’s data. The
root hash of the Merkle tree is stored on a child chain, which can be
entirely deleted at the user’s request.
The Internet of Everything is an all-encompassing internet of things, and
will be an open network where devices and other objects are connected to
one another - and to their human owners - through the gradual embedding of
hardware and software. In the IoE, the identity of every ‘thing’ or person is
essential. Blockpass was conceived as a multi-purpose identity application
for establishing these identities. Blockpass’ initial releases focus on human
identity. Later, Know Your Device (KYD) and Know Your Object (KYO)
protocols will be developed that verify ‘thing’ identities.

blockpass.org

Page 5

An Effective Human Identity Application for 2018
Blockpass in its current form is an effective solution for a
number of key use cases.
1. KYC for regulated services, transactions (ie. the
purchase of security tokens), and Dapps.
2. KYC for Blockchain merchants and service
providers, seeking to follow best practices.
3. Self-sovereign identity establishment and
management for blockchain users.
4. A revenue generating proposition for ID verifiers
- the Proof of Verification Rewards system.

A Growing User Base of Verified Identities
Blockpass identities each are part of a rapidly growing user base of
verified persons. The utility of this user base cannot be overstated.

Any regulated service provider seeking to offer data security to its
users will be able to find its audience among this user base.
Additionally, creators of Dapps and of connected devices will be able
to quickly onboard users or device owners who have already
established Blockpass identities.
The growth of the Blockpass user base will be accelerated through the
distribution of PASS tokens, an ERC20 standard token. PASS tokens function as
discount vouchers for the Blockpass identity procedure. PASS tokens will be
available for purchase from official distributors during the Initial Token
Distribution Event (ITDE) from 31st May, 2018 until 30th November, 2018.

blockpass.org

Page 6

Benefits for Businesses and Individuals
Business
A comprehensive identity verification portal for quick and easy
user onboarding for regulated industries.
1.

Rapid User Onboarding
The use of blockchain technology and smart contracts
eliminates tedious KYC & AML compliance procedures by
reducing sign up friction and increasing conversions.

2.

Low Cost Pre-verified Compliance
With shared regulatory and compliance services, it
becomes possible to onboard users without expensive and
duplicative identity verification of the same user multiple
times across different services.

3.

New Application Potential
A modernized compliance protocol will enable new levels of
efficiency and application possibilities for blockchain,
fintech, and traditional institutions.

Individuals
A faster, safer, easier way to access regulated industries.
1.

Speedy Gateway to Compliant Services
Blockpass provides a secure and rapid gateway to access
ICOs, exchanges, and other regulated services without the
need to complete redundant compliance requirements.

2.

Own Your Own Data
Blockpass is a self-sovereign identity verification service that
only stores a cryptographic representation of your verified
identity on a blockchain whitelist. Your data is stored on your
mobile device and shared only with those who you choose.

3.

Shared Identity Whitelist
The end of multiple KYC identity checks. Blockpass enables
users to get approved and whitelisted once for near immediate
access to multiple merchants and service providers.

blockpass.org

Page 7

A Digital Identity
Solution For Humans
Why Start with Humans?
Ultimately, the Blockpass Identity Application will enable the creation,
storage, and management of identities for any manner of ‘things,’ in
addition to humans. Indeed, the original premise for the project was to
create identities for things like solar panels, so that they might each be
assigned ownership.

1

2

3

http://icodata.io/
stats/2017
http://icodata.io/
stats/2018
http://news.bitcoin.com/
kyc-requirements-aremaking-icos-riskier-notsafer/

The Blockpass team quickly realized that the first step towards this
technical feat would be to create the human identity to which the
ownership of the things would be associated. Additionally, for a number of
key reasons, starting with humans makes good business sense.

KYC is big business
The number of projects raising funds through Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs)
and Tokenized Security Offerings (TSOs) has grown to be quite large - in
2017 alone, ICOData recorded 6 billion USD (4.8 billion euros) raised
through 881 ICOs.1 In just the first three months of 2018, 3 billion USD

(2.4 billion euros) was raised.2 Blockpass’ self-sovereign identity product
qualifies as applicable to KYC/AML compliance for token sales, as well
as for many other regulated services. As a result, the token sale market
is a major opportunity for Blockpass.

Token sale projects face increasing regulatory pressure
ICOs, and particularly TSOs, are facing increasing pressure to meet
regulatory requirements, and KYC procedures have become the norm
among top ICOs3. Of the 468 ICOs listed on ICOBench.com as of

24th March 2017, 262 required some form of KYC in order to participate.
Already, the market has begun to react to the demand. The increase of
regulatory requirements, and fines incurred when they are not met,
have begun to drive compliance investment across the banking,
finance, and crypto industries into new and innovative Regtech,
including digital identity solutions.

blockpass.org

Page 8

The Regtech industry is growing
Medici, a financial technology market insider, estimates that the Regtech
industry will reach $118.7 billion USD (96 billion euros) by 20204, and
KYC is at the center of this growth. CEB Global found that 62% of
surveyed bank executives expected to increase their KYC compliance
spending, with 29% in the range of 4-10%5.

4

5

http://gomedici. com/areport-on-globalRegtech-a-100-billionopportunity-marketoverview-analysis-ofincumbents-and-startups/
http://www.fico.com/en/
node/8140?file=11847

Decentralized KYC is in demand
With the rapid approach of the Web 3.0, the demand for decentralized
Regtech solutions that deal with identity is significant. Usually, KYC
involves storing users’ personal information on company owned (or
else third party) servers. Decentralized identity solutions function in a
user-centric manner - by only storing personal data on users’ own
devices - and using Merkle trees and root hashes of that data, stored
in a decentralized manner, for authentication.

blockpass.org

Page 9

Centralized KYC

User-centric and decentralized KYC

Server

Server

Bank

Exchange

Humans

Server

blockpass.org

Payment System

Page 10

1. Self-sovereignty is something people want: In a study carried
out by the Pew Research Center, 91% of respondents agreed
that consumers have lost control over how personal information is
collected and used by companies.6 Decentralized KYC gives
users full-control over their data, and this is something people
want and are willing to pay for.
2. Decentralized KYC is more cost-efficient for businesses: Legacy
KYC solutions are prohibitively expensive. In a report, Consult
Hyperion estimated that a KYC check can cost 10 to 100 GBP
(11 to 114 euros) per customer.7 In the most extreme example,
Thomson-Reuters found that some firms were spending up to 500
million USD (400 million euros) on KYC compliance and customer
due diligence.8 Additionally, simply by eliminating data storage
costs, decentralized KYC reduces business’ overhead.

6

7

8

http://www.adweek.com/
digital/study-pew-publicperceptions-privacy/
http://miteksystems.co.uk/
blog/numbers-speakthemselves-true-cost-amland-kyc-compliance-banksand-payments-firms

http://www.
thomsonreuters.com/en/
press-releases/2016/may/
thomson-reuters-2016know-your-customersurveys.html

3. Decentralization fosters a better user experience: Centralized data
storage means that a KYC check likely only applies to a single
onboarding process. Decentralized data storage enables the possibility
of a universal identity wallet. With the Blockpass Identity application,
the user keeps all their digital KYC in a single place - on their personal
device - which they have at their fingertips at any time. Once the user’s
credentials have been verified and signed, they may re-use them
quickly and simply with any number of services.

When a user joins a new regulated service, if their
Blockpass Identity application is configured, they can prove
their identity extremely quickly.
4. Web 3.0 developers demand decentralized KYC for their products:

Current online identity services cannot support the burgeoning
development of Dapps and crypto-assets. KYC solutions that
operate off-chain cannot reconcile users’ digital identities with
decentralized applications. Blockchain Dapps currently lack Regtech
solutions that would enable compliant and secure services. For
Dapps to reach their full potential - to be compatible with regulated
transactions - they require a method to verify user identities.
5. Crypto-asset transactions require onchain KYC: Security tokens,
which are currently being issued as ‘meta’ tokens on Ethereum, Neo, and
other networks, require KYC of the issuer, sender, and receiver of the
asset. Transactions of the assets should be irreversible from a legal and
non-technical point of view, which is only possible by proving that the
counterparty actually signed a transfer with Blockpass.

blockpass.org

Page 11

The Blockpass Human Identity Solution
Blockpass manifests itself as a user-centric and self-sovereign identity
application for regulated services and the Internet of Things. Blockpass
offers a next-generation, effective identity creation and storage protocol.

Blockpass is built with self-sovereignty in mind: Blockpass starts from
the premise that users need to hold and control their own identifying data not third parties. So, in Blockpass, online identity data belongs to, and is
entirely controlled by, the user. Blockpass does not retain any user data, nor is
any raw user data stored on any blockchain or third party server. Users choose
what credentials they want to have verified and signed (such as a proof of
address or a government-issued piece of ID), decide where that data is stored

(such as on their device or in the cloud), and control who may see it.
Blockpass digital identities have a high degree of utility: As an owner
of a Blockpass verified identity, you gain access to a growing ecosystem of
Web 3.0 service providers that have chosen to accept Blockpass identities
as KYC. For businesses, Blockpass can be seen as a shared KYC platform,
where a pool of pre-verified users is shared between businesses thus
reducing the cost and time of onboarding new customers.
Blockpass digital identities are underpinned by their reusability:
With a Blockpass Identity application, the user keeps all their digital KYC
in a single place, which they have at their fingertips at any time. Once the
user’s credentials have been verified and signed, they may re-use them
quickly and simply with any number of services. When a user joins a new
regulated service, if their Blockpass Identity application is configured, they
can prove their identity extremely quickly.
Blockpass offers an onchain identity solution that is easy to combine
with other decentralized technologies or processes: Blockpass offers
an onchain, immediately available, verified digital identity. For a transaction
to be compliant in regulators’ eyes, both transacting parties need to prove
the transaction was personally authenticated. With Blockpass, users can
transparently sign transactions and dapp accounts with their compliant
digital identity, meaning that buyers and sellers will be able to safely and
compliantly complete transactions and that dapps will seamlessly meet the
basic verification requirements for the services they provide. Furthermore,
this setup enables the generation of multi-signature smart contracts that
require personal authentication with the Blockpass tool.

blockpass.org

Page 12

The Blockpass Suite
of Products

The Blockpass human identity application is supported by
several additional software products. In sum total, Blockpass
consists of the following:
1. The Blockpass Identity User Application
2. Blockpass Certificates
3. The Blockpass Automated Verification System
4. Blockpass ID Keys
5. The Blockpass KYC Admin Platform

blockpass.org

Page 13

User Application
The user application is Blockpass’ consumer-oriented front end.
In the most basic sense, the Blockpass user application is a portal
through which users can manage those digital signatures which
constitute a Blockpass identity.
From the app, users are able to create a new account (profile), submit
documents for verification, submit their digital identity to service
providers to pass KYC, log in to Blockpass-enabled services, sign
crypto-asset transactions, and access third-party Dapps. Users, having
full control over their Blockpass identities, use the application as a
personal dashboard for identity management.

Environment

iOS app
Android app

Features

Interfaces with the following:
Fingerprint scanner
Front-facing camera
Rear camera

Customer

Establishment of Identity application

Scenarios

Submission of information/documentation
Identity backup
Identity recovery

Entry

Fingerprint or face scan
Password

Data Collected

Data for entry into user’s Identity application
Digital identification

Data Storage

Local

blockpass.org

Page 14

Creating and Storing a User-Centric Identity
The current set-up of the Blockpass user application offers usercentric identities. This means a central server still is maintained, but
the user has full control over the storage of the final identity product.
Subsequent releases of the application will allow for an identity that is
more self-sovereign.
Step 1: Profile setup part 1 (email verification):
The user is asked to enter their email address. The app sends the email
address to the server, which generates an email validation code, which in
turn is sent to the email address. The app asks the user to insert the
validation code. Currently, profile email addresses are stored on the
server, as they may be used for identity backup and recovery. In future
release, users will be able to opt-out of this backup and recovery service.
Step 2: Profile setup part 2 (Password, UserPubKey, UserPrivKey):
The user is asked to choose a password. The app then generates a
private and public key pair - the UserKey - which consists of the
UserPubKey and the UserPrivKey. The app encrypts the UserPrivKey
with the provided password. The server creates an association between
the email address and the UserPubKey. This association is stored on the
server database in the current release.
Step 3: Profile setup part 3 (TouchID/FaceID):
After password selection, the user is prompted to enable
TouchID or FaceID, depending on the device type.
Step 4: Identity Creation (USERID generation):
The USERID is the “code” by which a Blockpass identity can be
recognized by a service provider or other entity to which an identity is
submitted. When the USERID is generated by the server, it is
truncated to 20 bytes, then sent to the blockchain.
Step 5: KYC Verifications: At the users’ volition, he or she may submit
their own personal information and Privately Identifiable Documents
(PID). The more information submitted, the higher the level of KYC
achieved by the users. Additionally, the user may enhance their profile
by including certificates (see below), provided by verification experts
and service providers.

blockpass.org

Page 15

The verification information that is currently
accepted by the Blockpass app includes:
•

First name

•

Family name

•

Full address

•

Phone number

•

Date of birth

•

Passport scan or photo

•

User selfie holding ID

•

Proof of address scan or photo

•

Certificates (currently, third party certificates are accepted from
Onfido, Complyadvantage, and Blockpass partner service providers
- the Proof of Verification Rewards system).

Every single piece of information submitted within the Blockpass user
application is hashed, creating a Merkle tree. The root hash of this
Merkle tree is stored on a child chain. When the user needs to use their
Blockpass identity to access a service, the service can re-create the
hash of each piece of raw data, rebuild the Merkle tree, and get the root
hash. This hash can then be compared against the root hash stored on
the blockchain in order to prove that the data has not been tampered
with. Importantly, the user has the ability to have this hash data deleted
at any time.
Blockpass handles data encoding using JSON-LD, which allows for
the serialization of data using a language-independent data format
based around interoperability and openness.

blockpass.org

Page 16

Build Your User-Centric Identity
1

Set up a profile with three-factor authentication

2

Enter your:
• Name

• Date of Birth

• Address

• Passport Scan

• Phone Number

• Proof of Address

3

Take a selfie holding your passport

4

Select to send information to verifier

5

Accept or decline verification certificate

6

Select a service provider from within the app,
or scan a QR code on the service’s website

blockpass.org

Page 17

Using the Blockpass Identity to Access Services
Within the application, services can be found in the “Services” menu.
Services that are listed on the app are listed according to the amount of
KYC that is required for user onboarding. Services for which the user
has provided enough information to onboard are listed first, while ones
for which the user must provide more information are listed later.
Alternatively, services can be accessed through the use of a QR
code. Upon scanning a code, Blockpass prompts the user to submit
the necessary profile information to access that service.
Service providers may perform additional verification checks
before onboarding the user. In some cases, the service provider
can issue certificates that the user can add to their profile.

Blockpass Identity Backup and Recovery
It is possible for Blockpass users to backup their identity. As Blockpass is
a user-centric solution, the backup process can only be initiated manually
- at the request of the user. Backups contain all user-generated content,
certificates, and the local key. The backup manifests itself as a binary file,
which is encrypted with a password. In version one of the Blockpass user
app, users may send the backup file to their email. Other destinations will be
integrated in future releases. When a user wishes to recover their identity,
they essentially“port”it into the app that is downloaded to their app by
connecting the email address that holds the backup file and entering a pin.

blockpass.org

Page 18

Certificates
Certificates can be issued by Blockpass, third-party verifiers (which
may be automated or human) and merchants (the Proof of
Verification Rewards system). From the user’s perspective, they
represent a profile enhancement and are necessary to meet
particular KYC requirements.
The certificate is signed by a notary, or some other human identity
professional, who ensures that user credentials are genuine. Signed
with the notaries’ private keys, certificates are unalterable and thus
represent the credentials signed.

The Blockpass Certificate Standard
A Blockpass certificate includes the following information:
•

All data that had been submitted by the user to the certificate issuer.

•

A free text field where the issuer defines the terms of the certificate.

•

Dates of issuance and expiration.

•

Digital signature of the issuer.

Receiving a certificate
When a user chooses to submit data for verification, meeting certain
requirements, an issuer can push a certificate (via the admin
platform) to the Blockpass app on the user’s device. When this
occurs, the user receives a push notification. The user must review
the certificate content before it can be added to their profile. The
user has the option to reject certificates.

blockpass.org

Page 19

Blockpass ID Keys
Facilitation of App Authentications
Blockpass ID keys are cryptographic keys signed by a Blockpass user,
and which can be used to onboard into third-party Dapps and services.
Like certificates, users can add public or private ID keys to their
Blockpass profile. When a service requires a public key, the user can
decide to share their public key. If a user wishes to sign a transaction
from a multi-signature wallet, they utilize one of their private keys.

Verification of Blockchain Transactions
Blockpass and its official wallet partner, Infinito, are working to develop
a multi-signature feature that will allow Infinito users to generate a
multi-signature wallet by using an ‘asset’ key from within the Infinito
wallet and a private ID key from the Blockpass Identity application.
The multi-signature wallet would then be submitted for whitelisting in
the token security smart contract, where transactions would require
user authentication via an ID key.
This countersignatory function is necessary to enable real-value transfer
on-chain. For example, a security token smart contract would require the
user who purchases the token to be from a whitelisted asset address.

Whitelisted asset protocols require only that the asset address is in
the whitelist - but this is not sufficient. It must be proven that the
owner of the asset actually signed the transaction to move or dispose
of the asset (i.e. addresses with the countersignatory function of the
BP identity application).

Blockpass KYC Automated Verification System
KYC Automated Verification is a product that allows users to use
Blockpass for verification with a suite of partner-automated verifiers.
Data is sent to the verification services, certificates are generated
and then deleted from Blockpass, and a request is sent to the
automated verification agents to delete their copies.

blockpass.org

Page 20

Blockpass KYC Admin Platform
The Blockpass KYC Admin Platform is the dashboard for e-notaries and
other identity verification professionals to sign credentials, and for
service providers to see the progress of KYC onboarding for new users.

Environment

Cloud / Desktop

Features

Two-factor (verifiers provided with a PIN code)

Verifiers

e-Notaries

(Examples)

Lawyers
Professionals in the verification of human identity
Service providers such as ICOs, exchanges,
and any other merchant

Customer

Interpret and filter machine-verified data, reduce

Scenarios

false-positive results produced by machines
Investigate positive AML reports; eliminate false
positives
Generate certificates for verification work that has
been undertaken - certificates can be transferred
to users for review and for inclusion in the identity
vault, if users so choose

Data Collected

KYC case data only resides on the device
as long as the verifier is logged on
Case data is deleted and returned to the user’s
device at the end of a verification session

blockpass.org

Page 21

Roadmap

Timeframe

Event

Activities

April 2018

Release

Mobile application for Android and iOS

Phase 1
Blockpass
Identity
application

Basic UX/UI
Verification workflow
External certificate
Backup and recovery
Minimum viable product (MVP) of
Blockpass Automated Verification
API
Blockpass KYC admin tool
Third-party verifier integration
Developer portal
Blockparser
Blockpass Connect demo application

Summer

Release

2018

Phase 2
Blockpass
ID keys

Mobile application for Android and iOS
Improved UX/UI
Integrated messaging system
Blockpass Automated verification
Integrated messaging system
Signed certificate generation
UX/UI improvement
Whitelisting smart contracts
APIs and tool documentation to initiate
open-sourcing procedure
ID keys (Identity application enables the
generation of blockchain-based keys
for access to dapps)

End 2018

Release
Phase 3

Third-party dapps
Mobile application white-labeling services
Consolidation of tools
Open source

blockpass.org

Page 22

Team

Adam Vaziri
CEO
Adam is a blockchain lawyer who has spent half a decade
working on blockchain policies and assisting blockchain
companies in getting licensed and becoming compliant. He
is a serial blockchain entrepreneur, having founded or cofounded several successful blockchain businesses,
including Diacle (2013), Bitlegal.io (2014), Chain of Things
(2016), and QRC (2017), and is impassioned to build a
better, smarter economy in the Web 3.0.

Hans Lombardo
CMO
Hans is a successful entrepreneur and enthusiastic evangelist
of blockchain technologies, speaking at blockchain and fintech
events globally. He is a co-founder of Chain of Things, a Hong
Kong-based startup integrating blockchain and IoT devices,
and the founder of AllCoinsNews and Chain-Finance. In 2012,
he sold his previous company, a data collection and analytics
research firm focused on mainland Chinese high-technology
industries. He is an internet industry veteran. During the
internet boom, Hans managed the APAC operations of the
internet.com E-Business media network and provided due
diligence support for the internet.com Venture Capital

Fund in Asia, investing in a number of internet
startups in Greater China.

blockpass.org

Page 23

Thomas Leiritz
CTO
Thomas is a business and technical expert with 17+ years
of experience and expertise in customer-based solutions
and full-stack leadership, with a lifelong passion for
technology. Thomas leads the 20 person blockchain team
that is developing the Blockpass application. He has a
wealth of experience in building applications and Dapps for
the IoT, Regtech, and Fintech.

Conor Colwell
Director of Special Projects
Conor has shot feature documentaries in war zones,
developed commercial projects for the likes of Coca-Cola
and BMW Designworks, and helped a startup grow to

40 people. Conor has helped start a number of
companies, from craft beer imports to powdered
superfood. He is now focused on leveraging decentralized
- blockchain - technologies for positive environmental,
humanitarian, and exploration-related applications.

Toan Hoang
Technical Team Leader
Toan has worked in a number of different capacities as
a technical leader and has explored development in
everything from gaming to Regtech. A blockchain early
adopter, he looks to explore how the technology can
be used to make large positive impacts in today’s
society. Toan is well-experienced in the development
of decentralized technologies, having participated in
a wide variety of projects at IBL.

blockpass.org

Page 24

Corporate Structure

Blockpass operations are facilitated by two entities: Blockpass IDN
Limited provides the Identity application and KYC Verification service.
Blockpass IDN is the founder of the Blockpass Foundation, which is the
issuer of the PASS token and is located in the Isle of Man.

Description of Blockpass IDN
Name

BLOCKPASS IDN LIMITED

Incorporation number

2566786

Incorporation date

15th August 2017

Public registry record

https://drive.google.com/
drive/u/0/folders/1s98WWDjendqBYF8HE6LUKIJ7FAIuREk

Registration with
Hong Kong
Registered Agent

ILS SECRETARIES LIMITED, Suite
1701-02 17/F, FWD Financial Centre, 308
Des Vouex Road Central, Hong Kong

Description of Foundation
Name

BLOCKPASS FOUNDATION

Incorporation number

000139M

Incorporation date

22nd September 2017

Public registry record

https://services.gov.im/ded/services/
companiesregistry/viewcompany.
iom?Id=453650

Registration with Isle of Man https://www.iomfsa.im/registers/
Financial Services Authority designated-business/?Id=46
28th February 2018
Registered Agent

blockpass.org

CORPORATE OPTIONS LIMITED
THIRD FLOOR, 10-12 PROSPECT HILL,
DOUGLAS, IM1 1EJ, Isle of Man

Page 25

The Pass Token

The Blockpass Foundation will issue the PASS token. PASS tokens
can be used to obtain a discount on Blockpass verification services.

PASS tokens are so-called ‘KYC tokens’. This means that in
order to transfer a token to another party, the token holder must
undergo a Blockpass KYC check.

PASS Token Technical Description

Network

Ethereum

Standard

ERC20 + KYC

Functions

Transfer requires user to download Blockpass
Application and register KYC with Blockpass
Foundation. Once KYC reviewed then user
‘whitelisted’ in token smart contract then data
about user removed by Blockpass Foundation.

Token Acquisition
PASS tokens can be acquired in the following ways:
•

Initial Distribution Event (six months in
2018, through official distributors)

•

Second and Third Distribution Event (2019, 2020)

•

Purchase of PASS tokens from secondary markets,
such as cryptocurrency or token exchanges

•

Airdrop (this method is intended as a means
of popularizing the Blockpass app)

blockpass.org

Page 26

Participation Requirements
PASS tokens will only be available from official distributors during the
TDE. To be eligible to purchase PASS tokens, users will need to
approach an official distributor for purchase. Once the user has PASS
tokens in their wallet, they will need to download Blockpass and register
with Blockpass IDN Ltd. Unless this step is carried out, the user will be
unable to transfer the token to someone else.

Role of Blockpass IDN Ltd. and the Blockpass Foundation
The role of Blockpass IDN is to sell the tokens to Official Distributors,
who then resell PASS tokens to their customers. All distributions of
PASS tokens occur from distributors to users.
Blockpass Foundation is the appointed protocol administrator of the
Blockpass protocol. Blockpass IDN Ltd. is responsible for receiving
verification data from users registering with Blockpass IDN Ltd. so they
can transfer their tokens, and for Blockpass IDN Ltd. to verify the profiles
of the users, add the users to the PASS whitelist, and then delete the
data from the Blockpass server. The Blockpass Foundation will retain
data about merchants and distributors of PASS.

Rights
PASS tokens do not entitle the holder to any rights in Blockpass IDN Ltd.
nor in the Blockpass Foundation. There is no participation
interest in Blockpass for token holders.

blockpass.org

Page 27

Token Distribution Events

Initial Token Distribution Event 31st May to 30th November
All tokens are purchasable from official distributors to be posted on the
blockpass.org website. Official distributors are blockchain service
providers that have entered into official partnership with Blockpass.

Starting 31st May 2018 and ending 30th November 2018,
official distributors will be able to sell and transfer PASS tokens
to their customers.
From 31st May 2018 onwards, any exchange may list
PASS, and the tokens will be freely tradeable.

Token Allocation Roadmap
Total supply: 1,000,000,000 PASS tokens
Initial Token Distribution Event: 31st May 2018 to 30th November 2018.

•

Hardcap: 250,000,000 PASS tokens

•

Softcap: 60,000,000 PASS tokens

•

Retail price as per official website.

•

If hardcap is not met, tokens will be added to
hardcap in the second event.

Second Token Distribution Event: 31st May 2019 to 30th November 2019

•

Hardcap: 100,000,000 PASS tokens

•

Locked currently

Third Token Distribution Event: 31st May 2020 to 30th November 2020

•

Hardcap: 50,000,000 PASS tokens

•

Locked currently

blockpass.org

Page 28

Advisor Allocation: 50,000,000 PASS tokens, to be
unlocked on 31st May 2019
Founder Allocation: 200,000,000 PASS tokens, to be
unlocked on 31st May 2021

Other Allocations of Pass Tokens
Proof of Verification Rewards (POVR) system:
180,000,000 PASS tokens
Blockpass approved merchants that reverify Blockpass approved
identities can sell identity certificates to Blockpass IDN in
exchange for PASS tokens.
Grants for Identity Startups and Research: 40,000,000 PASS tokens

Airdrops: 90,000,000 PASS tokens
Treasury and Market Making: 40,000,000 PASS tokens

blockpass.org

Page 29

Glossary

Acronym

Definition

AML

Anti-Money Laundering

Dapp

Decentralized Application

GDPR

General Data Protection Regulation:
European Union regulations on the handling
of customer data

ICO

Initial Coin Offering

IDN

Identity Network

IoE

Internet of Everything

IoT

Internet of Things

JSON-LD

JavaScript Object Notation for Linked Data

KYC

Know Your Customer: Procedure used to
identify users as part of an onboarding
process of customers for an online or
on-chain regulated merchant

ID-Keys

Tools that can be used to attach human identities
to transactions or to access dapps

KYD

Know Your Device: Procedures that will be the
next step towards a decentralized IoT. Creates
for a device an “identity” that can be attached
to a human one

KYO

Know You Object: A broader term than KYD, KYO
is a procedure used to create identities for objects
so that other identities may interact or own them

PASS

PASS Token: Can be used to obtain a discount on
the verification services provided by Blockpass

PEP

Politically Exposed Person

blockpass.org

Page 30

PID

Privately Identifiable Document

Regtech

Regulatory technology: Proposes technological
solutions that streamline compliance for
individuals, businesses, and governments

TDE

Token distribution event

TSO

Tokenized security offering

Web 3.0

The next generation of the web, featuring a greater
level of connectivity for web applications, things,
and devices. While the web 2.0 is dependent on
privately owned servers, web 3.0 will be made
possible by distributed data storage

blockpass.org

Page 31

WHITE PAPER
Identity for a Connected World
Version 1.3.3

A user centric identity application for regulated industries
and the Internet of Everything

blockpass.org

