Early Community Draft Version 0.3 - Subject to Change

Bloom Protocol
Decentralized credit scoring powered by Ethereum and IPFS
Bloom is a protocol for assessing credit risk through federated
attestation-based identity verification and the creation of a
network of peer-to-peer and organizational creditworthiness
vouching (“credit staking”)

Jesse Leimgruber, Alain Meier, John Backus
Last Updated January 27, 2018

Table of Contents
1. Abstract

1

2. Bloom Protocol Overview

3

3. BloomID (Identity Attestation and Credit Vouching)

3

Organizational Identity Attestation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

4

Peer-to-Peer Attestation and Vouching . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

5

4. BloomIQ (Credit Registry)

7

Payment Data Format . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

7

Tamper-Proofing Reported Data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

8

Fair Credit Reporting by Default . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

8

Risk Evaluation and Reliability Scores . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

9

6. BloomScore (Credit Scoring)

9

Scoring Phase 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

10

Calculating Reliability Scores . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

10

Scoring Phase 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

11

Scoring Phase 3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

11

7. The Loan Risk Assessment Lifecycle

11

8. Bloom Token (BLT)

11

9. Roadmap

13

10. BloomCard

13

11. Team

14

Founding Team . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

14

Advisors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

15

1. Abstract
Background
In 2015, the US Congress declared credit scoring to be a monopoly controlled by just
one organization, FICO[1]. FICO provides credit scoring for more than 90% of top
US lenders[2]. FICO’s credit scoring system leaves over 26 million Americans “credit
invisible” and an additional 19 million unscorable[3].
Globally, the situation is even worse. 38% of the world’s population does not have
a bank account[4]. 3 billion people are unable to obtain a credit card and 91%
of residents in developing nations experience difficulty receiving debt financing from
traditional financial institutions. Traditional credit bureaus require borrowers to take
on debt before obtaining a credit score, leaving millions of potentially creditworthy
individuals unscorable by the current credit system.
Credit scoring is similarly siloed around the world, further exacerbating these issues.
Credit scoring providers can not operate globally, meaning that when a borrower
moves to a new country, they must rebuild their credit scores from scratch as their
score does not follow them. Since identity verification is also centralized, applying for
a loan requires users to expose all of their personal information, putting individuals
at increased risk of experiencing identity theft. Credit losses due to identity theft
exceed $21 billion each year.
Overview
In this whitepaper, we introduce a global, decentralized credit protocol, Bloom.
Bloom addresses these existing limitations in lending by moving credit scoring and
risk assessment to the blockchain.
Bloom is a standardized, programmable ecosystem to facilitate on-demand, secure,
and global access to credit services. Bloom presents a novel approach to credit risk
assessment allowing both traditional fiat lenders and digital asset lenders to issue
compliant loans on the blockchain while increasing competition to lower fees and
improve borrower experience at every layer of the credit issuance process.
The Bloom protocol presents solutions to the following problems:
1. Cross-Border Credit Scoring: Credit histories are not portable across countries, forcing individuals to re-establish their credit track records from scratch
when they relocate.
2. Backward-Looking Creditworthiness Assessment: Credit systems rely on
historical debt repayment information and therefore cannot easily accommodate
users who are new to credit. This is especially prevalent among minorities, the
underbanked, and the youth[5].

1

3. Lenders Have Limited Ability to Expand and Offer Loans Globally:
Borrowers in markets with less developed financial and regulatory infrastructure
struggle to access credit as lenders have limited identity and scoring data to base
credit decisions.
4. High Risk of Identity Theft: Borrowers must expose all of their personal
information when applying for a loan - the same info an attacker can use to
open new lines of credit.
5. Uncompetitive Credit Scoring Ecosystem: Credit data is centralized. In
most markets, a single provider scores credit, resulting in an uncompetitive
ecosystem for evaluating credit risk. FICO was checked on 90% of all U.S.
Loans[2].
Protocol Components
There are three main systems which comprise the Bloom protocol:
1. BloomID (Identity Attestation): BloomID creates a global secure identity,
allowing lenders to offer compliant loans globally, without forcing borrowers to
expose personal information.
2. BloomIQ (Credit Registry): BloomIQ is a system for reporting and tracking
current and historical debt obligations that are tied to a user’s BloomID.
3. BloomScore (Credit Scoring): The BloomScore is a metric of consumers’
creditworthiness. This decentralized score is similar to FICO or VantageScore
score, but with updated models.
The Bloom protocol improves the current credit ecosystem by creating a globally
portable and inclusive credit profile, reducing the need for traditional banking infrastructure and opaque, proprietary credit scores. This means both traditional fiat
lenders and digital asset lenders will be able to also securely serve the 3 billion people
who currently cannot obtain a bank account or credit score.
Bloom decentralizes the credit industry while lowering rates and increasing security.
Bloom makes it easy for lenders to transition to the blockchain by offering a new,
compliant way for them to access new markets.

2

2. Bloom Protocol Overview

BloomScore, A Decentralized Credit Score
on the Blockchain

The Bloom protocol facilitates the broadening and
efficient operation of the credit market by allowing
both fiat and digital asset lenders to extend credit
to individuals and institutions operating in markets
with underdeveloped or immature credit infrastructure, national identities or banking systems, without taking on additional risk.

BloomScore is a dynamic indicator of an individual’s likelihood to pay debts that adapts to the maturity of a user’s credit history (or lack thereof).
By splitting a user’s credit scoring mechanism into
three phases that each take into account different
data points with varying weights, BloomScore can
produce a score that is conducive to building credit
from the ground up while helping creditors differentiate the credit risk of consumers in markets and
communities with sparse data.

The Bloom protocol provides solutions to enable
any lender authorized by a borrower to safely and
securely issue credit to that borrower. There are
three components of the Bloom protocol:

BloomScore initially relies on peer-to-peer credit
stakes from BloomID as a means of bootstrapping
trust and eventually transitions to primarily using
the user’s own spending habits and credit activity as a proxy for creditworthiness. Organizational
stakers with an established presence can vouch for
users with strong credit under the current system
allowing them to transition their existing history
and reputation to the Bloom network.
BloomIQ, A Registry for Reporting and
Tracking Historical Credit
BloomIQ is a system for reporting and tracking current and historical debt obligations that are tied to
a user’s BloomID. BloomIQ’s tracking mechanism
puts the user in control, requiring each instance
of payment data release to a 3rd party to be authorized by the user. One of the primary goals of
BloomIQ is to allow a user to import existing credit
history to this decentralized system, reducing the
need for credit-established users to build up their
credit quickly.

BloomID, Attestation-Based Identity and
Creditworthiness
BloomID lets users establish a global, federated
identity with independent third parties who publicly vouch for their identity information, legal
status and creditworthiness. These third parties
can be friends, family or peers who vouch for a
user’s identity and/or creditworthiness (“peer-topeer staking”) or organizations who earn revenue
by evaluating a user’s credentials (“organizational
staking”).

3. BloomID (Identity Attestation and Credit Vouching)

Organizational stakers can either inherit trust from
their existing reputation (such as existing credit
bureaus and identity companies who publicly announce which attestation contracts they control) or
by establishing a track record of successful identity
attestations on the network.

The foundation of a decentralized credit system is a
securely established and verified identity. In order
to prevent against common network attacks (such
as Sybil attacks), each participant’s identity must
3

for each identity attester respectively using their
public keys. The attesters evaluate the information returned to them by the user and publish on
the blockchain whether it has satisfied their requirements.

be adequately established with a high cost of attempting to create new, false identities that appear
authentic.
BloomID is the Bloom protocol’s method of both
establishing reliable identity as well as forming the
basis of creditworthiness for users who are newly
entering the Bloom network. BloomID allows organizations who store information about individual
identities to attest to the identity of a Bloom user
and mark that information on the blockchain for
future re-use.

Reusable Identity Verification
By publishing all historical identity attestations on
the blockchain, organizations can help take part in
building a reusable identity that builds up trust
over time rather than having to be re-evaluated
for every transaction with a new lender. This can
not only save money across the network of lenders,
but it can also help significantly reduce on-boarding
time by reducing duplicate work by anti-fraud and
compliance teams across lending organizations.

In addition, a user’s friends, family and peers can
help an individual bootstrap creditworthiness by
vouching for their ability to act responsibly with
credit. During this credit vouching process, a user’s
peers can also attest to various identifying traits
such an individual’s name or date of birth to help
secure the network and provide further proof of
identity for the user.

Example Organizational Identity Attestations
There are many kinds of identity attesters that
can be supported by BloomID. Below is a nonexhaustive list of potential attestation types:

Organizational Identity Attestation
Private companies like credit bureaus and governments currently hold the majority of identity data
that exists in the world. These organizations play a
critical role in helping onboard users onto the BloomID system by attesting to the authenticity of usersubmitted data.

1. Electronic ID Verification: Verification of
an identity data by cross-checking supplied information with a multitude of public records,
private records and governments from around
the world.
2. Documentary Verification: Verification of
an identity document like a passport or a
driver’s license and whether the image of the
person on the document matches the user submitting the scan of the document.
3. Social Verification: Verifying the identity
information of users via social networks like
Facebook and analyzing their friend graph to
help reduce fraud.
4. Sanction Screening: Ensuring that a user
is not on one of the many global sanction
programs operated by various governments
around the world.
5. Politically Exposed Persons: Ensuring
that a user is not considered to be a politically exposed person (someone with a promi-

In a loan contract, the lenders detail the identity
attesters whom they trust and would require to attest to the potential customer so that they can fulfill the loan within their risk parameters. These
external attesters can then agree to verify the identity information and provide their public keys in
response along with a description of the data they
need in order to complete their attestation, such as
“name”, “date of birth”, and “address”. The user
then attaches their identity information encrypted
4

nent political function who is at high risk of
potential bribery or corruption involvement).

the financial history of their peers can be used as a
heuristic and indicator for what patterns their own
repayment behavior can reasonably be expected to
follow[7]. FICO, by comparison, considers individuals who lack a credit history as “credit invisible”. The purely retrospective approach by definition renders FICO (inter alia) unable to evaluate a
new customer.

Peer-to-Peer Attestation and Vouching
In the Bloom protocol, “peer-to-peer staking” is
a mechanism for representing real-world relationships between individuals with the goal of establishing both an indicator of creditworthiness and
authenticity of identity. Evidence suggests that
an individual’s creditworthiness can be reliably
determined by the people who would vouch for
their creditworthiness[6]. This concept of vouching would not be a specific statement about a credit
event such as “Bob vouches that Alice is likely to repay a $10,000 loan”, but rather a general statement
that Bob trusts Alice’s judgement to not apply for
more credit than she can afford.

For example, if Alice stakes four of her peers who
have all paid off their student loans and pay their
rent on time, then a lender can take more of a risk
on Alice because she is likely to behave similarly to
her peers. Likewise, if Frank stakes several friends
when he joins the Bloom network and these friends
end up making late payments and / or defaulting
on loans, then a lender can mitigate their risk in
dealing with Frank by requiring a higher interest
rate or requesting collateral.

Conceptually, this is not dissimilar to Google’s
PageRank algorithm, at the core of which is the
assumption that if a webpage has a high count of
quality inbound links, then the webpage must be
important.
Enabling users to vouch for (“stake”) other people
they personally know, and whom they expect to be
financially responsible has several benefits:

In staking acquaintances who ultimately fail to
meet obligations towards their creditors, Frank has
compromised his own creditworthiness. Similarly,
Frank’s acquaintances have imposed a cost on him
by failing to adequately meet their financial obligations. The network effect created by this system
extends beyond enhancing accountability between
creditors and debtors, but adds an additional element of accountability amongst real-world social
groups.

1. Facilitates access to credit for new users
2. Increases permanence in credit scoring and
ensuring appropriate weighting of long-term
and short-term spending and payment habits,
e.g. by avoiding users creating new accounts
to reset their score
3. Enhances resilience to fraud through the
Bloom network

If Frank realizes that most of his peers are unlikely
to behave financially responsibly, he might be more
conservative with the number of peer-to-peer stakes
he establishes. Staking a small number of peers
might be done to deliberately hide the fact that the
user does not know many people who are financially
responsible, but this reduced participation in the

Revealing Creditworthiness Through Relationships
By establishing bilateral stakes with trusted colleagues, friends and family, users reveal the type
of financial network they are a part of. If a user
does not have a rich credit history of their own,
5

peer-to-peer staking network will be factored into
the assessment of Frank’s own creditworthiness.

prove their own creditworthiness. This leaves the
user with the options of staking users they staked
with their first account, staking peers they did not
want to stake with their first account, or staking significantly fewer people with their new account. If
the user stakes peers they chose not to stake with
their first account, or stakes significantly fewer people, their new account will have a harder time getting access to credit as well. If the user chooses
to stake even a subset of the same users that they
staked with their first account, the network will be
able to identify that several peer-to-peer stakes are
showing up with the same attached secrets and flag
the account as a duplicate.

These varying behaviors that produce a different
number of stakes can be used as a heuristic for creditworthiness. A user who is part of a network of
financially responsible participants should be able
to quickly accrue bilateral stakes. Each of the users
they stake is also likely to have more stakes of their
own that have been acquired quickly. The expectation is that members of a riskier social grouping are
more likely to add stakes slowly and be in a more
sparsely connected network.
Identity Attestation and Furthering Permanence of Metrics

This system acts as a valuable heuristic to ensure
that fewer users will increase their perceived creditworthiness by abandoning their BloomID and moving to a new one, thereby enhancing the permanence of the BloomScore.

If a user has a low BloomScore and has difficulty obtaining credit, they will likely be tempted to abandon their BloomID and create a new one. Bilateral
staking imposes a cost on such behavior, making it
more detrimental for a user to abandon their BloomID than to simply accept their current BloomScore.

Securing the Bloom Network
An attacker could create hundreds of fake BloomIDs and have these fake accounts all stake each
other. The attacker could then setup her own fake
loan organization and have the fake accounts pretend to take out and pay off loans. This process
could effectively produce BloomIDs that appear authentic with good financial history that the attack
could then use to defraud real loan originators.

When Alice and Bob stake each other, the Bloom
app can prompt each user to confirm the other
user’s birthday. Then, each user’s stake can include
a hash composed of a secret generated by the staking user and the birthday of the user they are staking. This creates an identifier unique to the staker
and stakee that should remain the same if the recipient signs up for a new account with the same
birthday. In turn, we can enforce that the user’s
birthday be the same across accounts by requiring
that the signup birthday be provided as part of an
attestation for a loan.

The Bloom network will bootstrap the network by
marking a small number of users and organizations
as “trusted” network participants. These participants will be manually vetted by the Bloom team.
Loans, attestations, and risk assessments involving trusted participants during the bootstrapping
phase will mark certain participants as authentic
Bloom users. Trusted users will be instructed to
only stake people they know and are willing to
vouch for, so they are unlikely to stake the fake
users created by our attacker. Likewise, unless the
attacker is willing to create and maintain a real loan
company, the real users are unlikely to interact with
the fake loan companies.

A user could try to stake an entirely different set
of people with their new account, but this would
require significantly more work and the user’s incentive for their first account would have been to
establish as many quality stakes as possible to im-

6

2. Her peer’s transaction history
3. Identifying information about Alice (name,
address, etc)

Networks of real users should contain marked participants from the bootstrapping phase. The attacker’s network will seem unusually disconnected
from the rest of the network. If the attacker is successfully engaged in a loan scam with one of her fake
users, it will taint the scores of many users in the
attacker’s network. An unusually disconnected network of users with financially responsible users that
suddenly start scamming loan companies will be
identifiable quickly before it can cause a meaningful amount of damage to the network. Peer staking
doesn’t solve fraud, but it dramatically increases
the cost of abuse within the Bloom network.

If Alice has enough past loans and still has a very
high BloomScore then the loan company could opt
to issue the loan without further checks. If the loan
provider wants more information though, they can
set a requirement on the loan that a risk assessment
of their choosing (“RiskCo”) needs to stake the loan
in order for the contract to release funds to Alice.
When RiskCo’s stake is added as a requirement to
the loan, RiskCo can

4. BloomIQ (Credit Registry)

1. Ask for access to Alice’s existing payment history
2. Add a requirement to the contract for a data
provider (“DataCo”) to provide payment data
that isn’t available on the blockchain (for example, utility bill payments)

BloomIQ is a system for reporting and tracking current and historical debt obligations that are tied to
a user’s BloomID. BloomIQ is designed to bring the
wealth of pre-existing and comprehensive credit history to the blockchain while maintaining privacy for
the user by introducing a user approval-based system of information dissemination, offering a marked
improvement over current systems. Data about
an individual’s ability to pay past debts remains
an important part of determining credit risk, and
BloomIQ enables this functionality to be decentralized and reusable.

If DataCo needs information about Alice’s identity
to lookup data then it would add a PII requirement
stating that it needs Alice to share certain identifying information so it can perform a lookup via its
alternative data sources.
Alice has final say over all requests. She can choose
not to provide PII or payment information if she
doesn’t want to disclose it and it will simply terminate the contract without cost to any parties involved. If Alice wants to accept the requests, she
can take the requested information (PII or payment
history), encrypt it using the requesting party’s
public key, write it to IPFS, and attach the IPFS
name to loan.

For example, when issuing a loan to Alice, a lender
can see Alice’s:
1. Reliability score (a metric gauging a user’s individual credit repayment history success)
2. Peer score (a metric to determine the average
reliability score of the peers of the user)
3. Number of loans taken out in the past on the
Bloom network
4. Past identity attestations performed

Payment Data Format
When DataCo shares payment information for a
user, they are expected to share data in the following format:

Unless Alice has taken out a loan from this company before, they cannot see:
1. Alice’s past loan information (total loaned,
payment amounts, etc)
7

formation and the address of the intended recipient:
1
2
3
4

struct PaymentEntry {
date : Integer
amount : Integer
}

1

2

5
6
7
8
9
10
11

struct RepaymentLog {
nonce :
Integer
Summary : String
schedule : Array < PaymentEntry >
payments : Array < PaymentEntry >
}

3

The recipient can interface with the contract to
share the data with other collaborators:
1

Consider the following data:

2
3
4

1

{

3

4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13

5

nonce :
summary :
for 2017 " ,
schedule :
{ date :
{ date :
],
payments :
{ date :
{ date :
{ date :
]

2

report ( address _recipient , bytes
_ipfsUri ) {
// ....
}

489376254 ,
" Cell phone bill payments

6
7

[
1483228800 , amount : 100 } ,
1485936000 , amount : 100 }

shareReport (
bytes _originalIpfsUri ,
address _recipient ,
bytes _ipfsUri
) {
// ....
}

When an organization accesses a shared resource
from contract, it can lookup the original IPFS resource to check that the original signature matches.
The nonce helps deter against attackers generating
different plausible JSON until one matches the signature. A shareReport will be rejected by the contract if the sender and originalIpfsUri don’t match
an existing report. The loan recipient is never allowed to issue an original report to their own loan.

[
1483228800 , amount : 100 } ,
1484438400 , amount : 20 } ,
1485936000 , amount : 100 }

}

This represents an agreement that requires a payment of 100 on January 1st 2017 and February 1st
2017. The payments section indicates three payments on January 1st, January 15th, and February
1st. All past payment information is written to
IPFS and a reference is stored on the user’s BloomID. The summary should be displayed to Alice
when asking her to confirm the payment information.

Fair Credit Reporting by Default
Bloom’s privacy model puts loan recipients at the
center of all transactions involving their private information and credit history. Users can review the
information before sharing it with the company performing a risk assessment. In the event that information is incorrect, the user can work with the data
vendor to amend their records using the same methods available today. This workflow promotes proactive correction of information before it impacts a
user’s BloomScore. Sharing data with the risk assessment company authorizes them to update the
user’s reliability score. Unlike traditional credit systems, users can catch mistakes before they impact
their creditworthiness.

When a loan is paid off or the recipient defaults, the
loan provider is expected to consolidate the loan information down to this format and attach it to the
recipient’s BloomID.

Tamper-Proofing Reported Data
When DataCo reports information to the loan contract, they share the IPFS uri of the encrypted in-

8

When a loan has matured, the loan provider is expected to consolidate the loan payment schedule
down to the previously mentioned format, publish
it to IPFS encrypted for the recipient, and attach
it to the recipient’s BloomID.

Risk Evaluation and Reliability Scores
Once RiskCo has received all of the payment information required in order to assess Alice’s creditworthiness, RiskCo is required to:

6. BloomScore (Credit Scoring)

1. Update Alice’s reliability score to reflect any
new payment information attached to her
BloomID
2. Approve or reject the loan

The goal of the Bloom network is to securely expose
anonymized information about financial networks
and historical payments so both lenders and borrowers benefit. The Bloom network will compute a
BloomScore for each user that evaluates their creditworthiness.

RiskCo does not have to make their decision for
the loan solely based on the BloomScore, but they
are required to update the BloomScore using the
formula agreed upon by the network.

We can think of a Bloom user as being in one of
three phases of account maturity as she enters the
Bloom network:
1. The user has just recently signed up and has
only staked other users, none of whom are financially active yet on the network
2. The user’s peers are financially active
3. The user has taken out loans or otherwise has
financial information available in the Bloom
network
Bloom users in each phase are able to improve their
creditworthiness. Each phase corresponds to more
knowledge about the user and raises the ceiling for
how high the user’s credit score can be before the
user ascends to the next phase.

Alice’s updated reliability also triggers updates to
the peer scores of the users she has staked.

9

• Longest repayment history on file

The initial Bloom release computes a simple score
based on past debt obligations and payment history. As the network grows with time we expect
to increase the sophistication of the score based
on what usage best predicts outcomes. Proposed
improvements will be vetted and voted on by the
participants in the ecosystem in response to how
real-world use of the protocol unfolds.

• Average payment total per month
• Number of past loans
• Total amount paid across all reported information

The initial Bloom score will be between 0 and 100,
inclusive. Phases one and two will be capped at
20 and 50, respectively. Each phase is scored differently in order to optimally fit the information
available.

In order to make a prediction from these indicators,
we will calculate a multivariate logistic regression.
The indicators above would be represented as a vector x = (x1 , x2 , x3 , x4 , x5 ). Each indicator will also
have a corresponding weight such that our logit is:

Users will start with a score of 10. New users will
then stand out from users who have defaulted or
scammed and therefore have a score closer to zero.

g(x) = β0 + β1 x1 + β2 x2 + ... + β5 x5
and our regression is expressed by

Scoring Phase 1

R(u) =

Users who have not staked any users with financial activity will be scored on the number of stakes
they have established and how long it took them
to establish those stakes. Individuals from more financially responsible social networks should be able
to find more people they can stake, so they should
have a higher number of stakes, and they should be
established closer to the user’s signup date.

eg(u)
1 + eg(u)

where β0 is an offset, βi is the weight for the xi
indicator, and u is a user on the network. For the
sake of having a simple implementation, each indicator will be bucketed into a discrete category.
For example, ”total amount paid across all reported
information” will initially be included by taking
round(log(total)) to reduce the variable down to
a bucketing by order of magnitude.

New users should be able to quickly get to a score
of 20 if they add eight or more stakes in a week or
less. Fewer numbers or longer time to acquire stakes
should reduce the number the user can reach. The
target number of users required to get a perfect 20
will be lower as the Bloom network is starting off.

The transformation of continuous indicators into
discrete values requires adding dummy variables for
each indicator. So, for example, if xn has m discrete
outcomes then the actual calculation of βn xn would
be
m−1
X

Calculating Reliability Scores

βn,i dn,i

i=0

A reliability score is a prediction of whether a user
is likely to pay back a future loan on time given
their past financial activity. Bloom will start with
a reliability score that takes into account:

where each dn,i is a dummy variable for xn and βn,i
is the corresponding weight.
The final calculated score will be scaled up so that
it is between 0 and 100. The weights, indicators,
and indicator categories will be subject to a vote
on the Bloom network.

• Total amount paid vs. total amount owed

10

Scoring Phase 2
The peer score for a user will be the average BloomScore of each peer the user has staked, capped at
a maximum of 50. In the equation below, s is the
number of peers the user has staked.
min(50,

Ps

i=0

R(ui )
s )

Scoring Phase 3
In the final phase of account maturity, the user has
her own financial activity as well as financially active peers. Their BloomScore is now uncapped and
the weight of each payment they make weighted
equally to the BloomScore of one of their stakes.
In the equation P and T still correspond to “paid”
and “total owed” but instead of P (u) we write, for
example, P2 to mean the second payment the user
has ever paid.
Ps

R(ui )
i=0 s+n

+

1. Loan originator creates contract detailing the
amount of the loan, the repayment schedule,
and the requirements of the risk assessment
2. User reviews and agrees to the contract
3. External attesters and stakers agree to verify
identity and creditworthiness based on loan
originator’s set of desired attesters and stakers
4. Organizations update contracts with personally identifiable information (PII) requirements that they need to fulfill attestations
such as “name”, “address”, “date of birth”
5. User attaches encrypted details for each attester and staker to their BloomID contract
using the public keys of the respective parties
6. Identity verifier attests to the user’s provided
data
7. RiskCo pays alternative data provider (Telco)
for anonymized transaction history
8. RiskCo uses additional payment history information to decide whether to stake user
9. Requirements all met. Borrower can withdraw credited funds

Pj /Tj
j=0 s+n

Pn

7. The Loan Risk Assessment
Lifecycle
Putting these concepts together, below is a simplified example of the full risk assessment lifecycle including one identity attester and three credit stakers.
This example illustrates how one would port
a traditional fiat-based lending lifecycle to the
blockchain, but in less developed markets, the required attesters and credit stakers could be customized to fit the demographic that is being evaluated.

8. Bloom Token (BLT)
The Bloom Token (BLT) is both the currency and
scoring enhancement mechanism of the Bloom network. The Bloom token allows organizations to participate in evaluating user identities and creditworthiness. It also serves as the proposal and voting
11

who vote on that organization’s inclusion receive a
reward funded by the application fee.

token to guide the evolution of the Bloom credit
scoring system.

Voting users will be required to review applications
submitted by these organizations for legitimacy to
determine if they should be included in the BloomScore by completing activities such as reviewing the
applicant’s website, researching the directors and
other controlling parties, and reviewing the applicant’s proposed means of contributing to the network.

Network Currency
In the current credit infrastructure, it is common
for lenders to pay identity verification and credit
risk assessment companies for their services. Similarly, identity attesters and risk assessors on the
Bloom network will be able to set prices and receive payment for their services in BLT.
Distributed Scoring Enhancements

Bloom Invitation System

One of the primary functions of BLT is to serve
as a proposal mechanism for instituting changes to
the BloomScore phases and algorithms. This proposal mechanism allows Bloom to maintain a credit
scoring system that evolves according to the needs
of its users. As identity and risk attesters provide
their services to lenders, they will accrue an amount
of BLT roughly proportional to their benefit created within the ecosystem. This in turn will allow
lenders, identity attesters, and risk assessors to propose and vote on the changes they would like to see
happen at a credit scoring level. Our decentralized
scoring enhancement system will be handled using
Aragon or some subset thereof.

While the network is in its infancy without a wide
array of identity attesters, lenders, and risk attesters, it is more susceptible to attack. In order
to account for this in the bootstrapping days of the
network, Bloom will have an invitation system in
which BLT users will be required to put a fractional
amount of BLT up as collateral for users who they
invite. This is not collateral to ensure that invited
users do not default on loans in one-off instances
but rather collateral to serve as protection against
a mass-scale network of malicious accounts.
Requiring some BLT to be put up as collateral for
an invite adds a negligible amount of friction for
signing up and inviting friends. The small amount
of BLT required to create an account builds up a
meaningful amount of capital if an attacker wants to
create a network of malicious accounts. If members
of this network end up committing exit scams, then
this upfront cost is mostly sacrificed, making exit
scams via large fake networks more expensive even
during the bootstrapping phase of the network.

Accrediting Attesters
Lenders and organizations within the Bloom network can have their customers’ payment histories
reflected in an individual’s BloomScore. This is
similar to how credit bureaus work with private
companies both big and small to form reporting relationships where nonpayment for loans is reflected
on an individual’s credit report. To handle this
in a decentralized environment, payment history
providers and lenders will need to submit proposals
to the ecosystem regarding why they are trustworthy, what their business does, and why their data
should be included in BloomScores.

Any BLT collateralized in the invitation system will
be returned to the sending users after one year.
This invitation system will also serve as a way of
concentrating launches of the network within different communities around the world. The Bloom
system relies heavily on network effects and thus the
invitation system will help Bloom overcome the activation energy that would otherwise be prohibitive
in a fully organic and potentially sparse network
spread.

This will take an approach similar to the AdChain
Registry wherein BLT is paid by organizations applying to be included in the BloomScore and users
12

9. Roadmap

Phase 6: Democratized Autonomous Credit
Infrastructure
Over time BLT flows through the network. Lenders,
data attestation providers, and borrowers will all
own Bloom Network Token and their amount acquired will correlate to their influence on the network.

The Bloom protocol will be developed in 6 major
phases:
Phase 1: Bloom Invitation System and Voting
Phase 1 will allow for users to use BLT to invite
their friends and colleagues to seed the initial network securely. Users with BLT will be able to vote
on early development-related proposals for the future of the network.

Governance of the scoring protocol will be gradually turned over to BLT holders, granting them
determination over:
• Which organizations will be able to update
and provide information to a BloomScore
• The weights and factors considered in the
BloomScore
• Development and scoring protocol updates

Phase 2: Bloom Identity Matching (BloomID)
Phase 2 will deploy an application allowing users
to verify their identity and get matched with their
BloomID. During this phase, users will be able to
confirm identity information and connect data for
BloomIQ.

10. BloomCard
To help expedite the adoption of the protocol,
Bloom is launching the BloomCard. BloomCard is
a blockchain credit card built on the Bloom protocol. BloomCard is intended to serve as a model for
all future credit providers and simultaneously allow
the Bloom protocol to be deployed and developed
in a live environment. The BloomCard will start as
an Ethereum debit card and additional functionality will be added over time.

Phase 3: Credit Staking (Precursor to
BloomScore)
Peer to Peer staking modules will be built first, followed by organizational staking.
Phase 4:
Creditworthiness Assessment
(BloomScore)
Phase 4 will allow users to check their score, as
well as open up a developer ecosystem to lenders
to check a given user’s BloomScore, providing sufficient privileges are granted from the loan recipient.

BloomCard is the first project based on Bloom
credit infrastructure, launched alongside the Bloom
protocol. The intention is not for Bloom to become
a large-scale credit provider. Instead, BloomCard
is an example that sets a precedent for other lenders
and to help users build up a BloomScore in lieu of
traditional transaction data. Transaction data created by using the BloomCard that can in turn be
fed into the BloomScore.

Phase 5: Bloom Credit Protocol Launch +
BloomCard
Once the risk assessment and scoring protocol is
complete, Bloom will launch the BloomCard. The
BloomCard will serve as a brand new way for individuals to display creditworthiness and improve
their BloomScore.

Users whose application is supported by their
BloomScore will be able to obtain a BloomCard,
whether they have a FICO score and an established
traditional credit history, or live in a market that
currently lacks credit services.

13

now manages over $100M annually in digital marketing spend. His developments in user acquisition
have allowed him to become a 3x Webby Award
winner and his methodology has been attributed to
the exponential growth of numerous billion dollar
brands.

BloomCard is differentiated from any other traditional unsecured consumer credit provider on the
market by allowing global access to credit, including in underdeveloped markets. Before launching,
BloomCard will be compliant with relevant regulatory standards and aims to launch first in the
United States. BloomCard will use ETH as its
means of payment and will provide users with the
best-available spot exchange rate from ETH to USD
without any unnecessary mark-up.

Alain Meier
Alain Meier studied computer science at Stanford
University and served as a research scientist for
Stanford Bitcoin Group. Founded by 21 CEO, Balaji S. Srinivasan, The Stanford Bitcoin Group is
Stanford University’s blockchain research organization. Alain developed a number of open source
cryptography projects including CryptoNote.me,
an open-source service allowing users to send encrypted, single-view messages in seconds. Following
his work at Stanford, Alain is serving as the CEO of
compliance and identity verification company, Cognito (formerly BlockScore).

The BloomCard will be the first credit card built
entirely on the Bloom protocol. The BloomCard
aims to offer similar incentives that users have come
to expect from the high-end credit card market
such as no foreign exchange transaction fees. Unlike a traditional debit or credit card, purchases
on BloomCard contribute to your BloomScore.
BloomScore measures your purchasing power, frequency of purchases, and payment consistency to
build your credit.

John Backus
John is a founding research scientist at Stanford
Bitcoin Group and studied computer science at
Stanford University. He is a Thiel Fellow and cofounder and CTO of identity verification company,
Cognito. John is an expert at identity infrastructure, previously engineering data preprocessing algorithms for large-scale entity extraction for deterministic and probabilistic record linkage. This is
currently implemented into Cognito’s core identity
resolution and record linkage infrastructure, now
processing identity and compliance for tens of millions of cryptocurrency users globally.

11. Team
Founding Team
Jesse Leimgruber
Jesse studied computer science at Stanford University. Jesse is an advisor to The Alchemist Accelerator, a Thiel Fellow, and a mentor at the European
Innovation Academy. He’s served as a guest lecturer
at Stanford University, The University of Southern
California, DePaul, among others. Prior to Bloom,
Jesse founded enterprise analytics software, NeoReach. NeoReach provides analytics for Fortune
500 brands including Microsoft, Citrix, Walmart,
among others.

Daniel Maren
Daniel Maren studied computer science at Stanford
University. He founded solar power electronics company, Dragonfly Systems, which was acquired by
SunPower Corporation in 2014. Daniel remains an
advisor to SunPower, guiding solar + storage product efforts and international business development.
He has expertise in international infrastructure development, finance, and energy, where he is a recip-

Ryan Faber
Ryan Faber developed a behavioral recognition
methodology designed to leverage online psychographic data for user acquisition. Using his research, Ryan launched Flatiron Collective. Flatiron

14

ient of a Forbes 30 under 30 award. Previously, he
architected a biofuels program for Indonesian farmers, who struggle with seed and equipment financing.

Geoffrey Arone
Geoffrey served as the Chief Scientist for Experian Consumer, and was the SVP of Product Innovation for Experian Global. Experian is one of
the “Big Three” credit-reporting agencies, alongside TransUnion and Equifax. It collects and aggregates information on over one billion people, employs 17,000 people, and generated $4.6 billion in
revenue in 2016. In addition to serving as Chief
Scientist and SVP of Product while at Experian,
Geoffrey also served as Experian’s VP of Marketing
Strategy and Innovation. He developed consumer
forensics and insights, distribution strategies, and
market expansion strategies.

Shannon Wu
Shannon is CEO of Mr.Progress, a leading marketing firm for fast-growing Silicon Valley companies
working on transformative technologies. She has
worked with Visa, Coach, Jawbone, Branch and
others. She is co-founder of Sourcerers.io, supporting dominant Ethereum projects and blockchain
initiatives. Passionate about disruptive models,
she has been investing, advising and partnering
with early stage companies for years. She frequently lecturers on marketing and company building at Stanford University, her alma mater, and
accelerators. She previously headed marketing at
FOUNDER.org, an early stage fund investing in
young innovators.

Meg Nakumura, CEO of Shift Payments
Shift developed the Shift Card, a VISA debit card
that currently allows Coinbase users in select states
and territories in the U.S. to spend bitcoin anywhere VISA is accepted.
Joseph Urgo, Co-Founder at District0x, CIO
at Sourcerers Capital
Joe is the co-founder of District0x, an Ethereum
dApp decentralizing the world’s marketplaces.
Prior to this, Joseph founded Sourcerers.io, a
consultancy supporting leading Ethereum-based
projects. Joe previously spent three years as an
Operations Manager for Coinbase. Prior to Coinbase, he was a derivatives trader for Three Arrows
Capital, an international hedge fund based in Singapore.

Advisors
Joey Krug
Joey is the Co-Founder of Augur, the world’s first
decentralized prediction market and oracle system.
Joey has been a pioneer in the Ethereum community for many years, having launched the very first
token project built on Ethereum. More recently,
he’s advanced the cryptocurrency community in his
role as Chief Investment Officer of Pantera Capital,
a $100m ICO fund investing in token sales.

David Raphael
David Raphael is the CEO of Infinity Media, a digital agency specializing in conversion rate optimization. He studied at the University of Chicago and
has spent the last six years sharpening the productmarketing funnels for companies like Artsy, FanDuel and Wag!

Luis Cuende
Luis is the project lead and co-founder of Aragon,
an Ethereum-based project that enables dApps to
run entire organizations using the blockchain. Luis
was recognized as the best underage European programmer in 2011, is a Forbes 30 Under 30 and
an MIT TR35, and was an Advisor to the VP
of the European Commission. He co-founded the
blockchain startup Stampery. Prior to founding
startups, he created the world’s first Linux distribution with facelogin.
15

identity infrastructure, ensuring that users are who
they say they are and linking that information into
the credit underwriting system, which funds millions of dollars of loans every day. Now, she works
as an independent consultant advising startups on
technology and strategy.

Devon Zuegel
Devon Zuegel studied Computer Science at Stanford University, where she also served as the Editor
in Chief of the Stanford Review. She’s worked as
a software engineer at Affirm, a financial services
company that provides an affordable, flexible, and
transparent credit option. Devon built out Affirm’s

16

Special Thanks
A very special thank you to the people who helped to review this whitepaper:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Spiros Zarkalis
Stelios Manolopoulos
Devon Zuegel
Daniel Maren
Brian Sorel
PJ Leimgruber
Shannon Wu
Joe Urgo
ray-jones

References
[1] https://royce.house.gov/uploadedfiles/credit score competition act.pdf
[2] http://www.myfico.com/credit-education/how-lenders-use-fico-scores/
[3] https://www.consumerfinance.gov/about-us/newsroom/cfpb-report-finds-26-million-consumers-are-credit-invisible/
[4] http://documents.worldbank.org/curated/en/187761468179367706/pdf/WPS7255.pdf#page=3
[5] http://www.perc.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/web layout-you-score.pdf
[6] http://pubsonline.informs.org/doi/abs/10.1287/mnsc.1120.1560
[7] http://pubsonline.informs.org/doi/abs/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2181

17

