Boltt Coin

a motivation to improve societal health

Social Health
Gamification

Platform
White Paper 1.0

ABSTRACT
“Lack of exercise responsible for twice as many deaths as obesity” - American Society for Nutrition 1
“Lack of exercise as 'deadly' as smoking” – Lancet Journal

2

“Physical inactivity is a leading cause of disease and disability” - WHO

3

Physical exercise or activity plays a major role in

Boltt is creating a social health gamification

sustaining one’s health. Although everybody

platform and an entire ecosystem around health

knows this fact, maintaining the necessary

which aims to motivate people to maintain their

physical activity levels often needs something
more than a mere desire. It is, in fact, the
MOTIVATION that most people lack to achieve
their health goals. Of course, there are many
solutions intended to motivate people such as
healthcare apps, gym memberships, devices,
sensors, etc. but none of them have been
adequate to bring about the desired levels of
physical health, as statistics still look dreadful:
physical inactivity causes 1 in 10 deaths
worldwide!

physical activity in a unique approach: Boltt
rewards people with BolttCoins for taking steps
and achieving their health targets; Boltt
introduces a gamified social interface that
makes physical activity fun and addictive for the
users. This motivates people and induces
behavioral changes in lifestyles to ultimately
reach their health and fitness goals. In addition,
gamification and social aspects leverage
people’s inherent desires for status and
achievement.

Boltt is on a mission to continuously motivate
people to encourage them to be more active

On the other hand, Boltt’s platform is a means

and keep alive their desires for a healthier

to monetize people’s health-related data; this is

lifestyle. Boltt is leveraging the vast possibilities

a solution to a long-felt need as there is hardly

of technology to support people who practice an
active lifestyle for health, fitness, and wellbeing.

any way currently to monetize such usergenerated data. This is particularly important, as
it has been found that over half of smart phone
users gather their health-related information on
their phones. This, in turn, helps the other
stakeholders in the ecosystem to aggregate and
analyze user data to obtain insights for
managerial decision-making.

1

https://academic.oup.com/ajcn/article/101/3/613/4569416

2

http://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6736%2812%2961031-9/fulltext

3

http://www.who.int/mediacentre/news/releases/release23/en/

4

https://getreferralmd.com/2015/08/mobile-healthcare-technology-statistics/

2

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Abstract - Page

2

Potential Applications

69

About Boltt

4

Revenue Model

77

What Next

6

Use Of Blockchain

71

Why Boltt ICO

7

Tech Stack and Implementation

75

Partnerships

9

Design & Approach

79

Executive Summary

10

Boltt’s Network - Blockchain, Protocol & BolttCoin

83

Boltt Ecosystem

14

Boltt’s Network Security

85

Core Components

15

MVP

87

Boltt Functionality

17

Implementation Plan

89

Privacy & Security

18

The Boltt Token

92

Addressable Market

20

- Crowdsale Details

92

Problem and Solution

24

- How to Earn & Spend Boltt Coin

93

Product Explained

28

- Token Distribution Detail

95

Boltt Health Reward Engine

33

- Exchange Listings

97

Engagement & Gamification

36

- Security

98

a. Boltt Gamification Engine

36

- Use of Funds

99

b. Boltt Loyalty Engine

43

Marketing Strategy

100

48

Differentiators

105

a. Boltt Mall

48

Market Traction & Validation

106

b. Health,Fitness & Wellness Marketplace

53

Team

108

c. Boltt Pay

56

Advisors

110

d. Insurance

59

Media Mentions

112

Identitiy Management & Health ID

62

Discliamer

114

Boltt Crypto Wallet

64

Decentralised Marketplace

3

ABOUT BOLTT
Founded in 2015, Boltt is an end-to-end tech solution provider that improves users’ health by
incentivizing them with reward tokens, leveraging blockchain and health gamification. Today, Boltt is
considered one of the leading Mobile Health Tech Companies in the field of wearable tech & gamified
health apps.
Boltt initially developed a mobile app to track health and fitness and then, a range of fitness
wearables including smart fitness trackers & advanced sensors covering all the aspects of one’s
health from activity, sleep to nutrition and fitness. Later, Boltt started its research and development
into launching the social health and fitness gamification platform known as Boltt Platform that
makes use of AI to provide health-based coaching with exciting gamified challenges.
Boltt has bagged many prestigious awards including the Frost & Sullivan Companies to Action Award
2017 in the wearable technology category and has been featured in top media & press publications.
It has showcased its solution across reputed tech platforms like Tech Crunch and CES.

4

ABOUT BOLTT
Huge market traction with
viral spread

10K+

units of wearable
devices a month sold

20K+

monthly active users

100K+

downloads in just 04 months
of launch

Fast growing partner
network

20+

well known corporate onboard

10+

Brands having 01 Mn+
consumers

25K+

retailers selling 01 Mn+
merchandise

5

WHAT NEXT?
A “Social Health Gamification Platform”
Boltt is now launching a Social Health Gamification Platform, which rewards users with a crypto
currency called BolttCoins based on the users’ physical activity or health data. BolttCoins can be
used to purchase goods and services across a large partner ecosystem. They can also be used as a
tool of engagement and loyalty and can be linked to existing loyalty programs of retailers, brands,
and service providers. In addition, BolttCoins can be offered in the form of policy discounts by health
insurance companies.
All transactions in the Boltt ecosystem happen on the BLOCKCHAIN via the distributed ledger
technology and are completely safe, secure, and transparent. Boltt captures health and activity data
of the users by the inbuilt mobile phone sensors via the Boltt App or via Boltt Fitness Trackers &
Wearables that synchronize with the App via BLE technology.
Boltt has already invested over US$ 3 Mn in research and development with the funds raised from
well-known tech angel investors.

6

WHY BOLTTCOIN ICO?
World’s first digital health currency, earned by
physical activity
BolttCoin is to become the first ever, “digital health currency” connecting masses and many
other stakeholders across current health, fitness, and wellness ecosystems. BolttCoins can
be accrued, not by computing power, but by simple steps and personal health achievements.
The primary aim of this currency is to enhance engagement and social gamification within
the end users.

Mass application and huge potential demand
Health is a concern for everyone and there is an inherent appeal to the masses for the same.
There are many potential use cases for corporations, retailers, insurers, brands, celebrities,
etc. from the promotion of their products or services to improving the health of their
employees/followers. On the other hand, users can spend BolttCoins to purchase goods and
services on the Boltt ecosystem and across a huge partner network (offline/online). These use

Use of Blockchain
By leveraging the power of blockchain Boltt is able to offer gratification in a secure unbiased
manner, increase seamless engagement and stronger monetization methods.

7

WHY BOLTTCOIN ICO?

Unique platform that goes viral
Social health gamification with monetary rewards for physical activity is an innovative concept
that can disrupt the existing mobile health ecosystems. Boltt platform also includes many
added features such as a marketplace, global health ID, payment solution, and mobile wallet,
which make it a complete ecosystem that can incorporate and integrate currently isolated
health, fitness, and wellness ecosystems.

Highly experienced team
BolttCoin platform is to be developed and implemented by a group of industry veterans who
possess extensive experience in sports tech, health, and fitness along with proven-track
records of entrepreneurship. The platform is already in the MVP stage and the funds will
towards further development & scaling up of the same. All this signals a good opportunity for
investors to own a strong crypto-Token with potential for long-term placements in a
revolutionary utility Token that has many use cases within its own ecosystem. Above all,
contribution to Boltt is a contribution to the advancement of health and fitness of our
communities.

8

PARTNERSHIPS
Gamification PARTNERS On The Platform

Boltt has tied up with several large and well-known partners that, in their essence, are the world’s
most significant corporate entities & celebrities.
It has a network of 25000 retailers selling close to 1 Mn products across different categories.

BolttCoin Partnerships - Present & Future

9

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Boltt solves one of the biggest problems in personal health: Lack of motivation for personal
health improvement. While solving this primary problem, Boltt’s solution successfully provides
answers to several other major gaps and pain points in current healthcare ecosystems such as
lack of engagement and loyalty for the stakeholders. Engagement, Gamification & Loyalty is the
three main pillars for any brand, corporate & business. There is no "One Platform" that provides
all three pillars for business & customers alike.
Be it corporations, brands, celebs or retailers alike, all are looking at newer ways to remain
engaged with their employees, consumers, fans & stakeholders. With more and more retailers &
brands trying to connect with audiences across an array of social channels, the attention span of
people is on a decline. Businesses need to quickly figure out what is best for their audiences in
order to generate better engagement and increased brand loyalty. Just like a brand, celebrities
also have a reputation and online engagement to maintain in order to increase and maximize
their audience. Corporations need a better seamless way to engage & motivate to enhance
employee productivity. Service Providers need to find differentiated ways to increase retention
& acquisition of customers.
Boltt creates an ecosystem of real-life partnerships with retailers, merchants, corporates,
service providers, insurance companies, and an integration of gamification, blockchain and
distributed ledger technology that aims towards increasing engagement & loyalty based on
improved health. The Boltt ecosystem enables people to Earn BolttCoins by taking steps, which
is a tangible measure of improving one’s personal health. BolttCoin is the exclusive currency
used within the ecosystem that can be used as rewards in social gamification, engagement and
loyalty programs across the ecosystems.

A “Social Health Gamification Platform”

Boltt platform consists of the following core components that create a complete ecosystem: Core
Components

Boltt health reward engine:
Enables to earn BolttCoins with steps & personal health achievements.
10

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Boltt engagement & gamification:
Enables creating challenges, tournaments, and games from sponsored
brands, celebrities, and corporates to reward participants. In addition, it
enables merchants to create loyalty programs or link their existing programs
to the Boltt platform & give rewards in the form of BolttCoins to spend on the
partner network.

Boltt decentralized marketplace:
Serves several purposes. It mainly enables product listing and sale while
opening up a host of other uses including insurance benefits, utility bill
payments, entertainment bookings, offline shops, and other services.

Boltt identity management and health ID:
Provides a digital identity to every individual user. This will be one global
health ID on the Blockchain that provides a higher level of security and privacy
and available on demand.

Boltt crypto wallet:
Enables access to all financial services in the Boltt ecosystem. This includes
many features including multiple top up and cash out options, holding fiat or
multiple crypto currencies, money transfer, bill payments & a decentralized

11

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Target audience
Boltt appeals to a wide range of individual and commercial audiences with many different use
cases from individual health improvement to promoting products and services by the
corporations.

End users

Corporates

Employees

users from all age groups

who want to drive employee

who want to earn rewards in

and all segments can take

productivity and engage with

the form of BolttCoins

part in the BolttCoin

their employees

Retailers

Brands

Celebrities

who want to run loyalty

that want to run

who want to run

programs with BolttCoins

engagement programs with

engagement and awareness

their Consumers

programs with their fans

Insurance

Service

Hospitals

who want to reward their

who want to run

Hospitals & Medical

customers with policy

engagement programs with

institutions can collect

discounts based on health

their customers

medical records & reward
patients for keeping heathy
12

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Technology
Boltt will make use of blockchain technology based on a dual blockchain protocol to record the
individual health records, marketplace, exchange, and wallet transactions. In addition, it utilizes
several other technologies to develop the mobile app, business logic and admin backbends
ensuring the speed, security, and mass adoption. It also provides APIs for other systems &
features to easily communicate with the Boltt Ecosystem.
The BolttCoin will be one of the first crypto Token to be simultaneously issued on the Waves
platform and the Ethereum platform. Using a cool new technology comprised of a web interface,
locked wallets and smartcontracts on the Ethereum side, Boltt Tokens will be dynamically
interchangeable from one blockchain to another as the end user wishes.

Revenue model
The Boltt ecosystem has multiple revenue streams. It follows a subscription model for end users
with a nominal monthly subscription fee. Corporates and others who hold social challenges and
gamification are charged a maintenance fee. In addition, a commission on marketplace
transactions based on the value is levied. In addition, the platform is open for advertising and
sponsored contents, which take a CPM revenue model.

The Token sale
Boltt aims to raise US$ 50 million for marketing, development and the implementation of Boltt
platform. The total supply of Tokens is 1 Billion of which 50% will be on offer on the crowd sale at
a price 0.1$ per Token.

13

BOLTT ECOSYSTEM
Platform Pillars

BOLTT COIN
Health Reward Engine
Earn BolttCoins with Steps &
Health, no computing power
required!

Health ID

One Global Health ID, On
the Blockchain and Under
your control

Gamification Platform

Loyality Programs

Decentralised

Challenges,

Deals, Offers &

Boltt Shop, Health &

Multiple top up and

Tournaments &

Discount from Brand&

Welness Ecosystem,

cash out option, hold

Games: from sposored

Reatilers.

Utility Bill Payments &

fiat & multiple

Insurance Benefits.

cryptocurrencies,

brands, celebrities &
corporates

Crypto Wallet

Transfer Monet, bill
payment &
Decentralized
Exchange

14

CORE COMPONENTS
Core components
PRODUCT

FEATURES

BUSINESS MODEL RATIONALE

Enables to earn

Subscription model for end

Health Reward

BolttCoins with steps &

Increase user adoption &

Engine

users with a nominal

Personal health

acquisition along with more

mounthly subscription fee,

achievements

products and service usage

Gamified Level system

leading to more revenue

Global ID management and

Upon Wallet download and

One global health ID on the

verification on Blockchain

creation, biometrics &

Blockchain that provides a

creating one

other details are captured

higher level of security and

comprehensive ID for

to assign a nique ID on

privacy and available on

individuals and small

Blockchain

demand

Multiple top up cash out

Transaction base %

Enable access to all financial

options, hold fiat or

charges, discounted for the

services in the Boltt

multiple cryptocurrencies,

BolttCoin holders which

ecosystem

with a host of financial

they can spend on various

services like money

loyality programs, cash out

transfer, bill payments &

or trade

Health ID

business

Crypto Wallet

Decentralised Exchange.

Gamification
Platform

Challenges, Tournaments &

Corporates and other who

This will enchance team

games: from sponsored

hold social challenges and

productivity, corporate

brands, celebrities &

gamification are charged a

wellness & Brand

corporates that combines

maintenance fee

engagment

great engagement and
gamifield tools to reward
participants with Boltt
Coins

15

CORE COMPONENTS
Core components
PRODUCT

Loyality
Programs

Ecosystem &
Market Place

FEATURES

BUSINESS MODEL

RATIONALE

Enables mercharts to

Commision on marketplace

Consumers pay reduced

create a loyalty plan or link

transaction based on the

prices for goods and

existing programmes to

value is levied

services. Merchants gain

the Boltt Ecosystem & give

through increased demand

rewards in the form of

for their products and

Boltt Coins to spend on the

reduced customer

partner network

acquisition costs

Enables product listing and

The platform is open for

The Decentralized market

sale while opening up a

advertising and sponsored

provides an efficient

host of the other uses

contents, which take a

platform to take the

including insurance

CPM revenue model

merchant customer

benefits, utility bill

interaction to the next level

payments, entertaiment
bookings, offline shops,
and other services

16

BOLTT FUNCTIONALITY

BolttCoin
Functionality
Based on blockchain technology, Boltt offers a premium Hybrid solution that incorporates a
decentralized ledger within its proprietary centralized platform bringing large scale crypto
transactions to level of quality and transparency within a large ecosystem that has never been seen
Yet.

Earning Boltt Tokens based on Steps
Depositing Boltt Tokens as paticipation deposits in Challenges
Using Boltt Tokens for purchase of good and services
Retailers accepting Boltt Tokens for sale of goods & services & linking to
loyality rewards
Health & Wellness Professionals accepting Boltt tokens for all services
rendered within the ecostyle

Service Providers accepting Boltt Tokens for Sale of all services

17

PRIVACY & SECURITY
Privacy and security
Boltt understands that dealing with users’ health-related data warrants strict privacy and security
controls. Boltt inherently provides the transparency and security that blockchain technology offers
without the need for a central authority.
Boltt assures data privacy and security in terms of both process and technology controls.

Process controls
• Permission based onboarding – users can select which data they would like to share with
product/service providers
• Full flexibility to provide or revoke authorization for any product/service provider
• Product/service providers are subject to KYC procedures along with background checks
• Product/service providers are required to accept Boltt terms and conditions that strictly prohibit
misuse of user data and imposes significant penalties for breach as a deterrent

Technology controls
• Signing up process is based on smart-contracts that provides
transparency
• Data storage is auditable and access-controlled
• Data is encrypted

18

PRIVACY & SECURITY
Figure: Boltt privacy and security

permission based on-boarding

Access autorization/revoke by users
Process controls

KYC procedures for product/service
providers
Terms and conditions binding on

Private and security

Data encryption
Technology Controls

Smart contract based signup

Auditable data storage

19

ADDRESSABLE MARKET
Boltt’s ecosystem effectively spans over multiple market segments, which, in turn, offers access to
a huge trillion dollar total addressable market (TAM).

Mobile
health market

Mobile
payments
market

Mobile
gaming market

Mobile
commerce market

Mobile wallets
market

Loyalty
management
market

$ 2Bn

Loyalty management

Total Market Size

$1.7Tn

$ 46Bn

Mobile gaming market

market

$ 549Bn

$ 780Bn

$ 288Bn

$ 25Bn

Mobile wallet market

M-Commerce Market

Mobile payment market

Mobile Health Market

20

ADDRESSABLE MARKET
Mobile Health Market
Global health-related apps market, often known as mHealth market was valued at US$ 25.4 Bn
in 2017 and it is expected to reach US$ 58.8 Bn by 2020[1]. mHealth apps can offer a broad
range of services relating to fitness, lifestyle management, nutrition & diet, women’s health,
medication adherence, disease management, etc.
Increasing adoption of smart and wearable healthcare devices is expected to have a strong
positive impact on the market. In addition, physicians are increasingly recommending the use of
mHealth apps that will also have a significant impact on the same.
However, the existing solutions in the market are not engaging enough. People are not
motivated to use the existing products & services. That is where Boltt’s Health Reward engine
comes into play. When people will be rewarded for staying healthy, fitness will become more
exciting!

Mobile gaming market
Valued at US$ 46 Bn and expected to reach US$ 65 Bn by 2020 at a CAGR of 6.2%
Mobile gaming refers to playing computer games on mobile devices. Usage of mobile devices to
has already surpassed usage of desktop devices and mobile gaming is expected to grow further.
Gamification is a key concept of Boltt platform and it can be considered a mobile game for
anyone to play and improve their health.
Boltt has introduced a whole new layer of gamification to health. Fun Health Based challenges &
League tournaments will ensure massive community and social participation.

21

ADDRESSABLE MARKET
M-Commerce Market
Mobile commerce market was valued at US$ 288Bn in 2017 and it is expected to
reach US$ 693Bn by 2019 indicating an unprecedented growth rate12.
Boltt’s decentralized marketplace comes under mobile commerce. It can be a direct competitor
to major marketplace apps like eBay and Amazon apps.

Mobile payments market
Valued at US$ 780 Bn in 2017 and expected to reach one US$ 01 Trillion by 2019
at a CAGR of 10%
Mass adoption of mobile devices has paved way for a strong growth of mobile payments and
platforms. Most global e-commerce retailers such as eBay and Amazon offer dedicated mobile
apps and most brick-and-mortar retail chains are starting to offer the same functionality.
Boltt’s blockchain based mobile payment system can make a significant presence on the mobile
payment market.

Mobile wallet market
Valued at US$ 594 Bn in 2016 and expected to reach US$ 3,142 Bn by 2022 at a
CAGR of 32%
A mobile wallet enables storing of payment method information such as credit card, debit card,
or bank account on a mobile device and using them to make purchases via the mobile device
without carrying plastic cards.
Boltt provides a crypto wallet that can hold not only BolttCoins but also other crypto currencies
as well as fiat currencies.
22

ADDRESSABLE MARKET
Loyalty management market
Valued at US$ 2.16 Bn in 2017, expected to reach US$ 6.8Bn by 2023 at a CAGR
of 21.13%
Loyalty management involves rewarding regular customers. The objective of loyalty
management is simply retaining the customers for regular sales. It can incorporate a wide array
of methods such as discount mailing and loyalty cards.
Boltt can disrupt the current loyalty management ecosystems with its revolutionary approach to
provide loyalty rewards.

5

https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach-108-9-billion-in-2017-with-mobile-taking-42/

6

http://gs.statcounter.com/platform-market-share/desktop-mobile-tablet

7

https://www.statista.com/statistics/226530/mobile-payment-transaction-volume-forecast/

8

https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/news/mobile-wallet-market

9

https://www.mordorintelligence.com/industry-reports/loyalty-management-market

23

PROBLEM AND SOLUTION
Lack of motivation for personal health improvements
The primary problem solved by Boltt is the lack of motivation for personal health improvements,
which is the root cause of most of the health problems for many people.
Boltt successfully SOLVES this problem through gamification & incentives

Solution: Walk More! Earn More!
Boltt platform incentivizes people to walk more. Users can earn BolttCoins by simply walking
and /or by participating in the step based games & challenges. BolttCoins earned by users can
be used to purchase goods and services across the platform and partner networks. The platform
also hosts challenges, games, and tournaments that users can participate. Winners can receive
BolttCoins as rewards.
These elements of gamification and Incentives go a long way in motivating people towards their
health. In addition, it encourages users to make social groups and challenge their friends and
family to co-participate.

Other solved problems
While answering the root cause, Boltt effectively answers several market gaps and pain points
in current healthcare ecosystems:
• Employer employee engagement
• Retailer customer engagement & loyalty
• Lack of health insurer-policyholder engagement & loyalty
• Need for a seamless mobile health ecosystem
• Service provider-customer engagement & loyalty

10

https://www.willistowerswatson.com/en/about-us/overview

10
4

https://www.willistowerswatson.com/-/media/WTW/PDF/Insights/2016/03/Staying-at-Work-Global-2016.pdf?la=en

24

PROBLEM AND SOLUTION
Employer employee engagement
Employee health is a concern for almost any employer as it helps achieve higher employee
productivity, engagement, and retention. Most employers are struggling to engage with the
employees. A survey by Willis Towers Watson in 2016 found that nearly 90% of respondents say
that improving workforce health and productivity is a core component of their organization’s
overall health strategy, and nearly all (98%) said they are committed to the health and
productivity

Solution: Sponsored challenges, gamification
Boltt platform enables companies to host their own corporate challenges for their employees on
the platform. These challenges can be on fitness/health. A leaderboard is available to view team
progress. There are reports that the admin or HR can monitor. The winners of the challenges are
rewarded in BolttCoins/sponsored prizes by the corporates. The incentives and gamified
challenges encourage employee participation and help in organizational productivity and
performance. By integrating the Boltt’s API, any organization, platform, or
Individual can create their own challenges and apply game theory to motivate and improve
engagement.

Service provider-customer engagement & loyalty
Today many service providers are not able to properly engage with their customers. They are
finding ways to increase customer acquisition and maintain the loyalty of the customers. There
is an unfulfilled gap in the market with the existing solutions and service providers’ needs in
general. There is a lot of money to be made if someone comes up with the right solution.

Solution: Blockchain based mobile payments for products and services
Boltt allows blockchain based mobile payments for travel, utility bills, entertainment, recharge
and more. The transactions take place via payments by BolttCoins.
25

PROBLEM AND SOLUTION
Retailer customer engagement & loyalty
Building customer loyalty is often a daunting task and retailers are always looking for innovative
ways to build loyalty, giving rise to various customer loyalty programs. However, despite this
growth in loyalty programs, still, there are major pain points that have prevented these
programs from realizing their full potential. Current loyalty management market has
coordination problems with unrealized rewards, and customers desire more flexibility, monetary
benefits, and a larger ecosystem.

Solution: Loyalty and gratification programs
Boltt Coin platform enables retailers to offer BolttCoins as part of their loyalty programs.
Retailers can list their store on the Boltt marketplace and use BolttCoins to purchase goods and
services from the retailers online or offline.

Lack of health insurer-policyholder engagement & loyalty
Research shows that the biggest challenge faced by the insurance industry is the fact that the
majority of consumers have become indifferent to insurance providers. Most insurance
companies are struggling to effectively engage with their policyholders to increase customer
loyalty and customer acquisition.

Solution: Rewards based health
Boltt’s platform enables insurers to reward discounts on premium in the form of BolttCoins to
their policy holders based on their health performance. This tracking mechanism gives the
insurers insights into the customer’s health data, which can be used as info to adjust future
premiums.

11

https://www.willistowerswatson.com/-/media/WTW/PDF/Insights/2016/03/Staying-at-Work-Global-2016.pdf?la=en

12
4

https://www.thunderhead.com/policies-vs-customers-tackling-the-customer-engagement-gap-in-insurance/

26

PROBLEM AND SOLUTION
Need for a seamless mobile health ecosystem
Purchasing health services can be full of hassles in most markets as there is no single platform
that can cater all health service needs of customers. Customers often have to use different
platforms and payment methods to purchase services such as medicines, health checkups, gym
memberships, etc. This is more visible in the m-commerce arena as app-based health
ecosystems are still evolving.

Solution: Health, fitness and wellness marketplace
Boltt platform allows In-App health services like pay for health food delivery, medicines, health
checkups, booking gym classes and fitness trainers. All these services are available to users via
payments by BolttCoins.

Service provider-customer engagement & loyalty
Today many service providers are not able to properly engage with their customers. They are
finding ways to increase customer acquisition and maintain the loyalty of the customers. There
is an unfulfilled gap in the market with the existing solutions and service providers’ needs in
general. There is a lot of money to be made if someone comes up with the right solution.

Solution: Blockchain based mobile payments for products and services
Boltt allows blockchain based mobile payments for travel, utility bills, entertainment, recharge
and more. The transactions take place via payments by BolttCoins.

27

PRODUCT EXPLAINED
Boltt Ecosystem
Experience the power of Boltt.
From e-commerce engagements to insurnce
benefits to utility management to wellness, manage all your finance flows with one smart
platform.

Earn: Accrue Boltt Coins

Engagement & Gamification
Host in-app challenges for your audience

Spend, exchange or sell. Do more across a

and reward the winners in sponsored Boltt

vast ecosystem with your cryptocurrency.

Coins

Health ID

Loyality Benefits from Retailers

The Boltt Wallet stars by creating single

Link your existiong loyalty programs to the

digital identity that users can carry globally

Boltt Ecosystem and give rewards in from

-Bolt ID

of Boltt Coins

Crypto Wallet

Decentralised Marketplace &

Multiple top up and cash out options, hold
flat or multiple cryptocurrencies, with a
host of financial services like money
transfers, bill payments

An entire in-app marketplace complete
with Boltt Shop, Wellness Ecosystem,
Offline Shops and Billing

28

PRODUCT EXPLAINED
Boltt creates a complete ecosystem with the world’s first ever “Digital Health Currency” called
the BolttCoin which fuels the interaction of the components and users. The Boltt Platform is
composed of several layers, which form the core pillars in this product: Health Reward Engine,
Gamification & Engagement, Decentralized Marketplace, Health Management ID and Crypto
Wallet which are discussed in detail below.

Platform Architecture
Sign Up / Security &Compliance
Health ID

User

User
Mobile Phone

User Basic
Information

KYC & Biomatric
Authenfication

Boltt
Platform

Boltt
Ecosystem

Healt ID

Anti Money
Laudering (AML)

Wallet ID

Steps Data
Colletcion

Data
Verification

Corporates/
Brand

User Own
Challenges

User
Level

Boltt
Coins

Prize
rewards
User

Boltt
Ecosystem

Corporate, Sponsor,
Celebrity Challenges

Boltt Coin
Rewards

29

PRODUCT EXPLAINED
Platform Architecture

Boltt
Platform

Merchant
Retailers

Users

Boltt
Ecosystem
Boltt
APIs

Associates

Helth/Wellness
Market Place

Boltt
Ecosystem

Service Providers
(Individual/Companies)

Boltt
Coins

Users

Boltt Crypto
Wallet

Utillity Payments

30

PRODUCT EXPLAINED
User walkthrough
Users downloads the BolttCoin App
After downloading there is an on boarding process where the user
chooses a preferred data source for fitness tracking (From The Boltt
Wearable Closet)
Alternatively, the App can track data from the inbuilt sensors in the
Mobile Phone & Other third party data sources like fitbit, garmin & 100+
others.
Users complete daily step target & other health goals prescribed in the
App
These are divided into 4 levels. Each level enables users to earn higher
number of Coins.

Users are rewarded Boltt Coins for achieving these goals in the App
They can also participate in challenges, which can be self-created or
organized by a corporate/brand.
Winners of the challenges earn prizes in the form of BolttCoins & other
exciting merchandise

31

PRODUCT EXPLAINED
User walkthrough
BolttCoins can also be linked to loyalty program offered by retailers

Earned BolttCoins are credited to user’s Crypto Wallet in the App

Users utilize BolttCoins to purchase goods & services on partner
network, which is available both in App and offline

The app economy & transactions are safely conducted over blockchain

32

BOLTT HEALTH REWARD ENGINE
1. Boltt health reward engine
Earn BolttCoins by just taking steps,
no computing power required!
Boltt enables earning BolttCoins for simply taking steps including running, jogging or walking outside
or using a treadmill. Earned BolttCoins can be used to make purchases at the Boltt marketplace or
could simply be traded into other crypto currencies or fiat currencies.
Boltt’s platform is seamlessly connected to Boltt wearables. Additionally, it allows integration with
the most of smart accessories and apps for sports and health and activity tracking such as Fitbit,
Google Fit, Apple Watch, Apple Health Kit, etc.

Data collection process
The steps data of the user can be collected via the Boltt Fitness Trackers or via the Phone’s inbuilt
sensors and accelerometers. If the user has a device, he/she can just connect to the App via
Bluetooth. The steps are tracked automatically through the day, with details by the hour.

Data verification & security
Boltt uses an AI based step-counting algorithm to detect & authenticate data. The Boltt step
algorithm is in place to ensure that all BolttCoins are earned through hard work and movement. If it
was not this way, users could potentially cheat the system by doing things like shaking their phone
or using the App in a car etc. Boltt algorithm checks and verifies data against all checkpoints to
ensure there are no cases of cheating. E.g. If the data matches a known pattern of cheating like
shaking the phone up & down to mimic steps, the values will not be counted.
This is a proprietary algorithm that uses certain operations at the Boltt Backend to ensure all
captured data is completely authentic

33

BOLTT HEALTH REWARD ENGINE

Going beyond steps
Boltt has initially based the Health Reward Engine & BolttCoin payout only on basis Steps. In the
near future, Boltt plans to include other health parameters such as activity, fitness, sleep, nutrition,
vital stats, medical records, genetic tests & user past health history. Boltt uses all these data values
to make a unique Health Score. Health Score is an All in One tangible measure of one’s health. Each
data value in these sections result in the improvement of the Health Score. It is calculated on a scale
of 1-100. The higher the Health Score, higher the reward payout. This symbolizes the importance of
holistic health advancement. It incentivizes users to improve all aspects of their health and lifestyle.
The Boltt Health Score is a Patent Pending technology that is an accurate measurement of one’s
personal health, soon to be accepted globally by leading health institutions & insurance companies.

Smart contracts
The logic and algorithms governing the Boltt health reward engine & gratification are to be executed
via smart contracts and will be completely decentralized, ensuring highest standards of data
security.

34

BOLTT HEALTH REWARD ENGINE
Figure: Boltt reward engine process flow
Data Aggregators
(Google Fit, Health Kit, Sensors)

Boltt Wearables

Medical Devices

(Advanced Fitness Trackers)

Data Transfer

through SDKs & APIs

Encrypted

Data Collection

Data Transfer

(Advanced Fitness Trackers)

Encrypted

Data Synchronization

Mobile Application
(Bolt Coin)

Boltt Wearables

Boltt Server

Blockchain Database
Encrypted
Data Transfer

(user Level+Steps + Reward+
Milestone Bonus) X Health
Score

Users

Reward Calculation
Engine

Data Autentication
Engine

•

Removal of Unauthenticated Data

•

Latest 24 Hours Data

•

Verification of associate Data

•

Cheating/Fraud Detection

•

Conclusion/Final Accurate Data

Boltt Crypto
Wallet

Boltt Coins Credited to

Blockchain

Smart Contract

•

Determine Final Data

•

Verification of ID & Data

•

Calculation of Boltt Coins

User’s Wallet
Through Blockchain APIs

35

ENGAGEMENT & GAMIFICATION
Above diagram demonstrates how BolttCoins are mined by the users and how they are ultimately
credited to the user’s crypto wallet. The user’s “Steps” data can be collected from many sources
including smartphone inbuilt sensors, third-party services and devices).The data is then encrypted
and transferred onto the Boltt Servers. It is then transferred onto the Blockchain database. In the
Data Authentication Engine, all unverified and fraudulent/cheated data is detected and removed.
Finally, the data becomes ready for the Rewards Engine processing. The reward calculation of Boltt
Coins is carried out via a Smart Contract. The BolttCoins are then credited into the user’s crypto
wallet on Blockchain

2. Engagement & gamification
2.a. Boltt gamification engine
Gamification is the process of taking something that already exists – a website, an enterprise
application, an online community – and integrating game mechanics into it to motivate participation,
engagement, and loyalty.
Boltt aims to redesign the approach to physical activity with fun and addictive elements found in
games and applying them to real-world fitness challenges to create a truly fun & rewarding
experience. Boltt’s gamification tactics are used to stimulate customer loyalty, drive employee
engagement, and increase motivation to become healthy.
Businesses can easily reward their customers, users, members, tournament participants and staff
with BolttCoins while the platform provides tailor-made analytics for the management.

13

https://www.bunchball.com/gamification

36

BOLTT GAMIFICATION ENGINE
Types of games available on the platform
Boltt coins can be used to participate in Boltt Challenges, to bet against friends or compete against
the world in global “Play & Win” challenges. Types of challenges and games elaborated below.

Decentralized tournaments:
Decentralized tournaments can be set up and run by users who have BolttCoins. BolttCoins is the
only currency that can be used in tournaments. Tournaments can be a large event in league or leader
system. The idea is that every participant has to pay some admission fee in BolttCoins to join while
brand and corporate sponsors can pitch in with special prizes too. People are able to view the
tournament in real time, speak in the chat, and support their favorite players.

Centralized tournaments:
Centralized gaming tournaments can be organized by corporates, celebrities, & brands on the
platform to promote their cause. These tournaments can be sponsored tournaments to encourage
player participation in a particular game and would consist of exciting prizes in BolttCoins or
otherwise. There will be an entry fee to join this challenge - after challenge has started - % of users
win coins.

Custom challenges:
Users can create their own challenges with custom rules. They can choose to go solo, invite his/her
friends, or join a group of challengers. A user decides the bet amount and sends an invitation to
friends.

37

BOLTT GAMIFICATION ENGINE
Interactive map based challenges:
Adventure Trails & Digital Marathons - Boltt adventures is a series of immersive challenges on the
Boltt Platform that encourages users to get more daily activity by virtually exploring scenic and
iconic destinations. They are designed to inspire and motivate users to move more and to virtually

Individual Adventures:
These are virtual personal challenges with no competitors. Users are given a target destination to
reach and along the way, they are encouraged to find preset landmarks and hidden treasures.
These are designed to motivate and prepare users to take real-life challenges.

Group Adventures:
This is similar to individual adventures but the difference is there can be more than one person. A
user can invite his/her friends to participate in the adventure. Users can communicate with each
other using inbuilt messaging and track the progress of own and others’ progress. The first user

Daily Adventures:
The user is challenged daily to reach a set destination, which is set based on users’ past travel
data. If the user reaches the daily challenge, the distance for the next day is little increased. This
encourages users to become more active on a daily basis. Similar to other adventures, users are

Treasures along each route: users uncover more photos and collect fun facts, as well as health and
fitness tips, and mini-challenges. Rewards Participants receive BolttCoins for every milestone they
unlock.

38

BOLTT GAMIFICATION ENGINE
Challenges creation process
The different types of challenges explained above are created by a host of APIs and via the admin
panel at the back end.

Business & corporate challenges
Business & Corporates can either self-create challenge on the platform. Alternatively, Boltt can
create & host the challenge.

Ways of engagement with community
There are many different ways of engaging with the community via the challenges. It could be via
chat, gratification, prizes, broadcast messages, performance leaderboard & rankings.
The chat option enables the participants in the challenge to talk to each other via an inbuilt chat
option in the app. This helps users to engage with their friends and colleagues. Gratification includes
the prizes to be rewarded to the winners of the challenge. This could either be in the form of
sponsored prizes by brands and corporates. Or it could be in the form of a winning pot in the form of
BolttCoins. All users have to participate with an entry fee of BolttCoins. The winners have the pot
distributed amongst themselves. The leaderboard displays the performance of all participants in one
dashboard. This is of importance to the corporates, as the HR/management can view the
performance of their employees and help motivate them and encourage healthy competition.

Smart contracts
Boltt will use smart contracts for all challenges & tournaments making it one of the very first
decentralized health gaming network. Smart Contracts will help ensure FAIR PLAY by maintaining
integrity of prize distribution, pot holding/circulation & game end result logics.

39

BOLTT GAMIFICATION ENGINE
Benefits
There are different benefits for both the community and the businesses, by participating in or
hosting a challenge:
For Communities: It is a gamified way to improve health. It incentivizes users to take more steps and
work towards the winning pot. It encourages a group & networking effect where friends would like
to call their friends to participate.
For Business: It has “two in one” benefit of promoting health advancement and increasing
engagement with employees. For brands, it is also an important tool to increase loyalty and
retention.

40

BOLTT GAMIFICATION ENGINE
Figure: Gamification process flow

USER CREATED CHALLENGES
Boltt Coin Application

Invited User join
Challenge & Amount
deducted
from their Boltt Wallet

Unique Challenge Wallet
Address Created with
Challenge

Boltt Coin
Application

Create Challenge

Invite Friends

Join Challenge

(Name, Start Date,

POT Amount transfered in
Escrow to Associated
Wallet
Address

End Date, Type, etc..)
Data Sent to Smart
Contract for Winner
Calculation

Smart Contract

User Data Collected &
Stored
on Boltt Database

Challenge End

• Processing Collected Data
• Finalize Winner
• Calculation to Distribute
Boltt Coins To Winner

Blockchain Database

Challenge AMOUNT
ESCROW

Boltt Coins Credited to
Winner’s Wallet
Through Blockchain APIs

Blockchain

Boltt Crypto
Wallet

41

BOLTT GAMIFICATION ENGINE
Figure: Gamification process flow

SPONSORED/CORPORATE CHALLENGES
Through Boltt Admin
Panel
Published on Boltt App

Corporate, Sponsor,
Celebrity Challenges

Boltt
Platform

Registration &
Profile

POT Amount transfered in
Escrow to Associated
Wallet
Address

Smart Contract

Challenge Published
User Data collected &
Stored on Boltt Database

Join Challenge

Blockchain Database

Through Boltt APIs
Published on 3rd Party
App/Platform

Create Challenge

(Sponsored, Map/Non
Map, Corporate,
Causes, Adventure,
Step Based, Sleep

Challenge Information

Challenge Type

Data Sent To Smart
Contract
for Winner Calculation

Challenge End

Unique Challenge
Wallet Address
Created

•
Processing Collected Data
•
Finalize Winner
•
Calculation of Distribute
Boltt Coins To Winer

Smart Contract

Boltt Coins Credited to
Winner’s Wallet Through
Blockchain APIs

Winners Boltt
Crypto Wallet

Blockchain

42

BOLTT LOYALTY ENGINE
The above diagram shows how a user can take part in In-App challenges and win BolttCoins.
Corporates and brands can create a challenge using the Boltt Admin Panel within the Boltt App
or through Boltt APIs. End users can create a challenge & invite their friends. There can be
different types of challenges running at one time like Sponsored, Map, Non Map, Adventure,
Step based etc. Once a user joins the challenge, the user’s activity data is calculated and stored
on the Boltt database. The calculation and verification of the winners happens via a Smart
Contract. Accordingly, the Pot winnings are then allocated to the winners in the form of
BolttCoins, which are credited to the user’s crypto wallet on Blockchain.

2.b. Boltt Loyalty engine
Boltt loyalty engine enables merchants to create loyalty programs or link their existing loyalty
programs to the Boltt platform and rewards users with BolttCoins.
Boltt loyalty programs work similar to other existing loyalty programs, i.e. when a customer
shops they earn loyalty points, but in Boltt loyalty programs, customers are rewarded with
BolttCoins. The decentralized rewards management on blockchain makes the platform unique. It
delivers value to all platform members, for the retailers – a premium, blockchain-based loyalty
management system worth $200-$2000 per month is available free, for the customers –
BolttCoins, which they can turn into real money or redeem for purchases across Boltt
marketplace or partner network and they do not expire and tend to go up in price. Users can also
take advantage of discounts and participate in fun contests and sweepstakes.
Both merchants and users can gain from participating in the Boltt economy. By accessing
promotions & Loyalty programs on the platform, consumers pay reduced prices for goods and
services. On the other hand, merchants may gain through increased demand for their products
and reduced customer acquisition costs by using the platform’s marketing tools.
"Boltt Loyalty Platform” leverages the vast partner network & ecosystem to spearhead the next
generation of customer loyalty, or the loyalty economy. This loyalty economy can change the
current uninspired and value-deficient rewards points system to a value-focused, digital-based
rewards system that will stand far above traditional rewards programs.
The first loyalty program that is to be implemented is a Cash Back (or more accurately, Token
Back) loyalty program, this is one of the simplest form of programs to understand and consume
for both merchants and customers.
43

BOLTT LOYALTY ENGINE
A universal Loyalty Program
Boltt Tokens can be used for loyalty rewards by any retailer in the ecosystem in following ways.
• Within Boltt ecosystem - by getting listed as a merchant and configuring cash backs on
products

• Third party applications - by using the Restful API and integrating wallet and marketplace in
any app

• Customer flow - customer signs up, earns, spends, gets cash back etc.

Use of Restful API
Boltt issues API configuration files to specify key aspects for the partners to integrate and
communicate to the system with following specifications/instructions.
• The list of services being provided, which is described as references to nodes in the shared
ontology

• Specifications about how the agent should fetch data and push results

• A list of services required for each service being provided, if any.

44

BOLTT LOYALTY ENGINE
It is not necessary to be a customer of Boltt to offer Boltt coin as a reward. Merchants that are not
on Boltt platform can have access to a public API that enables them to participate in the
BolttCoin loyalty program and receive payments using the Boltt Wallet. These companies can
maintain their own apps and integrate with the system through the API to receive payments and
provide redemptions. Their customers can use the Boltt Wallet to make payments for their goods or
services; they can also build their own custom solutions to transact cash or BolttCoin.

Figure: Loyalty engine process flow
Provides Store
Information

Provides Store
Information

Store
Creation

User Purchased through Merchant
Website/Aplication

Merchant
Website/App

Boltt Coins Credited to User’s Wallet
Through Blockchain APIs

Boltt Crypto
Wallet
Boltt
APIs

User
Pay via Boltt Coins

Merchant
Retailers

Users

User
Mobile Phone

Registration&Store
Creation

Add product on
Boltt Mall

Boltt
Mall

Product order

Cashback
Received

Smart Contract

Blockchain

45

BOLTT LOYALTY ENGINE
The above diagram demonstrates how retailers and merchants can link BolttCoins to their loyalty
programs. A retailer can either open his store on the Boltt App, or use Boltt’s open APIs for the
products hosted on his own app. Upon user verification, the customers are able to purchase goods &
services from the retailer’s network, using BolttCoins. After the purchase, the loyalty generation and
cash back calculation takes place through a smart contract on the blockchain. Cash back is given in
the form of BolttCoins. These are then credited to the user’s wallet through Blockchain APIs.

Advantages of Restful API
• Loyalty points can be shown on a user dashboard that can include loyalty points from many
different sellers. Users can simply register with their email, phone number or social media
credentials. Users may use the account as a regular wallet that can store BolttCoins and other

• Customers can keep their loyalty points in the form of BolttCoins in single wallet.

• BolttCoins can be redeemed at any merchant within the entire Boltt ecosystem and network
partners.

• Unlike loyalty points, which often have an expiry period, BolttCoins never expire or become
unusable even if the merchant who awarded closes its business.

46

BOLTT LOYALTY ENGINE
• An easy way to make purchases in cryptocurrencies: ETH and Bitcoin can be credited to the
customer’s Boltt account and be used as payment with Boltt wallet participating merchants.

• BolttCoin value is likely to increase over time as the Boltt ecosystem expands.

47

DECENTRALISED MARKETPLACE
3. Decentralized marketplace
The decentralized market provides an efficient platform to take the merchant customer
interaction to the next level with following features:

3.a. Boltt mall
The Boltt mall includes merchants, discounts and coupons, contests with products including
restaurants, retail, entertainment, and travel that allow customers to earn and use BolttCoins.
Payments can be made with BolttCoins as well as any other supported coins by Boltt Crypto Wallet.
In addition, merchants can even operate offline, physical shops where customers can pay with their
Boltt Crypto Wallet using any currency balance in the wallet. Marketplace integrates geo-location
based search and users can search and find the offline shops by location.
The Boltt collaborates with merchants in two ways:

• Self-registration on the BolttCoin app

• Partnerships with merchant aggregators & existing online websites

Online Stores
The owner or representative of the online store is registered on the platform just like a regular user.

48

BOLTT MALL
Registration steps for a user to open an online store:

Fills and sends the online application form
The application is moderated and evaluated by platform experts
If approved, the “Activate” button appears

Adds goods/services to the store (photo/description/price, etc.)

Once the products/services added, the online store appears on the platform in the “Online Stores”
section.
Users pay for purchases with BolttCoins, which they purchase or earn in their Boltt
Wallet. Storeowners receive orders, execute them, and the platform automatically charges a small
commission from the store for purchases made. Customers can leave feedback on the store after
the transaction is completed; customer feedback can affect the reputation of the store on the
platform.

49

BOLTT MALL
Figure: Boltt mall online store process flow
Store details moderated& Approved by
Boltt Experts

Merchant
Retailers

Mobile Application
(Bolt Coin)

Registration&Store
Creation

Moderation &
Approval

Product Listed on Boltt Mall

Boltt
Mall

Users
Payment Done via
Boltt Coins

On Successful Approval
Unique
Merchant Wallet ID Created

Product order
Merchant
Wallet

Users Crypto
Wallet

Boltt Coins Credited to
Merchant’s Wallet
Through Blockchain APIs

Blockchain

Smart Contract

Partial comission charged
by Boltt Platform

Boltt
Platform

Cashback
Received
Boltt Coins Cashback Credited
to User’s Wallet Through Blockchain APIs

50

BOLTT MALL
The above diagram demonstrates how retailers and merchants can get onboard on the Boltt
platform and start selling their goods and services via BolttCoins. Once a retailer has signed up and
created a store, the details go through moderation by the Boltt experts. After successful approval, a
Merchant Wallet is created for the retailer. After this, retailers can list their products on the store.
Users are able to pay for these products using BolttCoins from their Crypto Wallet. The transaction is
processed via a smart contract on the blockchain.

Offline Shops & Services
Users can find the shops/services by location based search. These can include shops, restaurants,
cafes, hotels, services, entertainment, which are integrated into the platform, and pay for services
with BolttCoins.

Registration steps for a user to open an offline store:

The owner of the offline store integrates their establishment, filling out
the form and indicating the size of the cashback discount if any.
After activation, the store appears in the “Store Listing” under offline
stores, and users can find it using geolocation.
Visiting this offline store, a person selects the right product, and
transfers the BolttCoins for the total amount of purchases.

51

BOLTT MALL
Figure: Boltt mall online store process flow
Store details moderated & Approved by
Boltt Experts
Store Listed on Geolocation Based Search

Merchant
Retailers

Registration&Store
Creation

Moderation &
Approval

Users
User View Associate Boltt
Partner based on Geo
Location
based

Geo location
Search Result

On Successful Approval
Unique
Merchant Wallet ID Created

Blockchain

Merchant
Wallet

Smart Contract

Users Crypto
Wallet

Offline
Store

User visit the store Physically

Payment debited from User’s
Baltt Wallet

Pay via QR Code

The above diagram demonstrates how retailers and merchants can get onboard on the Boltt
platform and start selling their goods and services via BolttCoins in an offline environment. Using
geo location based search results, the users are given recommendations on the nearest offline Boltt
Merchants around them. Users are able to pay for these products using BolttCoins from their Crypto
Wallets. The users enter the store and pay via QR code/mobile number. The transaction occurs via a
smart contract on the blockchain.

52

HEALTH,FITNESS & WELLNESS MARKETPLACE
3.b. Health, fitness & wellness marketplace
The Boltt platform allows users to explore & discover a variety of health & fitness services on a
single curated health marketplace with a host of wide variety of products and services such as
personal coaching, healthy snacks, health food delivery, health supplements, online pharmacy,
diagnostics, genetic testing, gym, and yoga sessions and many more. Users can purchase these
services with BolttCoins.
Boltt Partner Network encourages health and fitness professionals and business owners to
render their services on the platform for additional customer acquisition and revenue. In
addition, life/health insurance companies are encouraged to offer discounts on premiums in
BolttCoins to their policyholders on the basis their health improvements.

53

HEALTH,FITNESS & WELLNESS MARKETPLACE

Figure: Health and wellness marketplace process flow

Business/ Service Listed on
Boltt Market Place

Business
Owners

Registration&Store
Creation

Boltt Health&
Welness Market Place

Service Seekers

Service for desired service on
Boltt & Wellness
Market Place

Customers Boltt Wallet

Unique Wallet ID
Created on registration

Health & Fitness
Professionals

Boltt
Wallet

Service Enginie
Module

Bolt Coins Cashback to User’s
Wallet Throught Blockchain
APIs

Service Seeker
Wallet

On Completion of Service
Custome Transsfer Funds in
Boltt Coin

Hire’s a suitable

Boltt Server
Partial commision charged by
Boltt
Platform

Boltt Platform

On Completion of Service
Wawes Blockchain

Blockchain

Smart Contract

54

HEALTH,FITNESS & WELLNESS MARKETPLACE
The above diagram demonstrates how health and fitness service professionals can get listed on
the Boltt Platform and render their services to customers in exchange of BolttCoins. Upon
signup and registration, each service professional is assigned a unique Wallet ID. Using AI and
analytics Boltt platform detects the behaviour and lifestyle patterns of the user. The Boltt
Service engine module filters out the best result and throws it as a recommendation to the user.
The service provider accepts payments in the form of BolttCoins for the service provided. The
transaction occurs via a smart contract on the blockchain. Users pay BolttCoins from their
Crypto Wallet, which get credited to the service professional’s merchant wallet over Blockchain.
The “Services” ecosystem can be segmented into the following core parts:

Consumer (Service seeker) module:
Users simply select a service or product of their choice or fill up a smart form to get
recommendations. For satisfactory service, he/she pays the expert/Business using Boltt Coins.

Business/Professional (Merchant- service provider) module:
Comprising of profiles, expertise, professional history, achievements and overall identity of the
merchant. As the user searches for a nutritionist or a service, the ‘intelligent’ mapping system,
picks relevant data and maps it to the user’s requirement resulting into the best possible match.

Service Engine Module:
At the core of Boltt will the service engine that performs all AI-driven searches, mapping,
communication management, service process management and host of other tasks for both
consumers and Health & Wellness Merchants.

55

BOLTT PAY
3.c. Boltt pay: a blockchain based mobile payment system
Boltt marketplace includes an own blockchain based mobile payments system that can be used
to make crypto or fiat currency payments within the ecosystem or across the partner network.
These payments can include utility bills, travel tickets, insurance premiums, hotel bookings,
movie tickets, entertainment, phone recharge and more.
The payment can be made by scanning the barcode or by typing their own phone number. There
is a small fee in order to execute the payment due to the Boltt Platform liquidating the payment
of the desired crypto currency into fiat currency.

56

BOLTT PAY
Figure: Boltt pay utility & other services process flow

Tax & Bill
Payment

Telecom
Operators

Telecom
Operators

Insurance
Providers

Other Utility
Providers
product & Services Listed on
Boltt Platform

Boltt
PlatformUtility Aggregators &

Boltt
Platform

Aggregators Sets
Cashback &

Distribution
Partnerships

Boltcoin Application
Market Place
User Pays for desired
services

Search for listed Utility
Services

Users
Payment Deducted From
User’s Crypto Wallet

Unique Wallet ID Created for
Aggregator’s

Payment Done

Aggregators Crypto
Wallet

Boltt Coins Credited to
Aggregator’s Wallet Through
Blockchain Apis

Aggregators Crypto
Wallet

On complition of Payment

Partial Comission charged by
Boltt Platform

Boltt
Platform

Blockchain

Smart Contract

Boltt Coins Cashbakc
Credited to User’s Wallet
Through Blockchain APIs

Cash Back

57

INSURANCE
The above diagram demonstrates how different service providers such as telecom operators,
travel and stay, insurance providers and other utility providers can offer their services to the
Boltt users via BolttCoins. To make this happen, Boltt makes use of Utility Aggregators &
Distributors. The different services from all the providers are listed on the Boltt Platform via the
aggregators. The aggregators can also set cashbacks and promotion offers on every purchase.
The Aggregators are assigned a unique wallet ID. Boltt users can select the service from the
marketplace and pay for it in the form of BolttCoins. These Coins are issued from the user’s
crypto wallet and credited into the aggregator’s merchant wallet. The transactions occur via a
smart contract on the blockchain. Users could also get cashbacks in the form of BolttCoins.

3.d. Insurance
Boltt Coins are given out by Insurers to their policyholders in the form of discounts on premium,
upon achieving certain health targets. This improves customer acquisition and retention. This
also helps the companies to get more accurate insights on their customers’ health. Some
benefits and trends in the sector are elaborated below:

• Measure health insights: The Boltt Health App delivers insight into the health patterns of the
wearer.

• Record fitness data: It can record movements, heart rate, activity levels, and more.

• Accurate risk calculation: Insurers can calculate risk for individuals more accurately

59

INSURANCE
• Reward customers for better health: Insurance providers all over the world have now started
to reward customer for staying healthy

• Discounts on premiums: Rewards can be in the form of Discounts on the premiums

• Better engagement and retention: Health incentives help insurers drive a deeper engagement
with their customers, with real-time advice about their health.

User flow

Users buy the health insurance policy and downloads the Boltt App
Achieves basic health goals. Perform any fitness activity like walking,
running, swimming, cardio, gym workouts, etc.
The APP automatically recognises the resultant calorie burnt / active
time / step
By meeting the set goals, the customers get health rewards in
BolttCoins that represent discounts on premium

60

INSURANCE

TIME PERIOD

STEPS

% DISCOUNT
ON PREMIUM

Quarter 1

10K

2.00%

Quarter 2

10K

2.00%

Quarter 3

10K

2.00%

Quarter 4

10K

2.00%

Japan Insurers set to use health data to set premiums
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life Insurance Inc. has distributed Fitbit wearable devices to
policyholders to collect information on customer health. Using the data, along with the results of
health checkups, the company is working to identify causal relationships between diseases and
particular lifestyle habits in order to develop new insurance products.

MLC Ltd and South African health insurer Discovery Health
is measuring users’ heart rates, sleep patterns and physical activity to offer them discounts.

AXA, Paris-based insurer
began offering its customers a free Withings Pulse fitness tracker. Participants who walk over
7,000 or over 100,000 steps per day over a one-month period may receive discounts of over
$100 off their insurance policy, as well as discounts off any Withings product purchases.

61

INSURANCE
Oscar Health Insurance
has partnered with Misfit. Misfit band serves as a pedometer, which can connect automatically
to Oscar's app, which sets new daily goals for walking time. Those who hit the goal earn $1,
while those who hit the goal 20 times receive a $20 Amazon gift card. While the cap on rewards
is currently $240 per year. Oscar Health gives health linked discounts with Misfit Tracker.

John Hancock
is offering Fitbit devices to life-insurance customers and participants can use FitBit devices
along with iOS devices to track healthy behaviours such as regular health exams, exercise, and
smoking-cessation programs to earn "Vitality points”.

4. Identity management & health ID
Boltt allows the creation of a single digital identity that users can use globally – Boltt Health ID,
which is secure, private, and available on demand. In addition, it includes KYC/AML, verification,
digitization of records, cards, national ID systems, and health records. The identity and health ID
data are recorded on the blockchain enabling higher levels of security.
Boltt Health ID offers freedom to conduct various financial services in one single identification
consolidating all physical and digital identities in the physical and digital world across multiple
vertical applications and complement existing identity solutions.

14

https://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2017/10/29/national/insurers-devise-new-steps-slash-fees-promote-wellness-rapidly-graying-japan/

15

https://www.telusinternational.com/articles/wearables-bring-health-insurers-closer-customers/

16

http://iireporter.com/axa-incents-customers-to-volunteer-personal-health-data-from-mobile-devices/

17

https://www.computerworld.com/article/2911594/insurance-company-now-offers-discounts-if-you-let-it-track-your-fitbit.html

62

IDENTITIY MANAGEMENT & HEALTH ID
Authorization & Data Transmission using Blockchain
Leveraging blockchain ensures that each transaction & related information flows securely
between all parties involved. The Boltt Health ID is based on a sophisticated architecture
ensuring safe authorization and data transmission using Blockchain. Boltt Health ID is a tool to
create and maintain the user’s data profile. This takes place via encrypted data transfer and the
data exchange takes place securely over Blockchain.

Aplication Downloaded

User

Creation of Decentralized ID

Decentralized
Healt ID

Boltt
Platform

Boltt
Platform
Users Sent on
Decentralized
Server in Encrypted Format

Decentralized
Database

User Basic
Information
(Heigh, DoB, Gender, Email,
Phone No, etc…)

Anti Money
Laudering (AML)

2FA Based
Autenfication
(Based&Mobile)
(email & mobile)

KYC & Biomatric
Authenfication

3rd Party
Applications

63

BOLTT CRYPTO WALLET
Above diagram demonstrates how Boltt creates and manages the unique Health ID of a user. As
step 1, the user downloads the Boltt Coin App. As part of signup, the user enters all personal
details and profile info like height, age, gender, etc. This leads to the KYC and biometric & AML
verification. This data is sent on the decentralized server in an encrypted format, for the creation
of the Decentralized health ID.

Boltt Crypto Wallet
Boltt includes a multi-currency crypto wallet that holds both cryptocurrencies and fiat
currencies. The Boltt wallet enables access to all the services in the Boltt ecosystem, provides
multiple top up, and cash out options, holding fiat or multiple cryptocurrencies, along with added
features such as money transfer, bill payments, debit cards & decentralized exchange.
When a user signs up on the platform, the Boltt wallet is created automatically. Then the user
can then fund the wallet with cryptocurrencies or fiat currencies. Boltt wallet offers an API for
third-party access to developers so that they are able to interact with the wallet. Possibilities
include accessing balances, sending transactions, raising invoices, and building third-party apps
on top of it. This can further enhance the Boltt Wallet acceptability and usage.
On the other hand, the third Party API business model will create more partners who can
distribute Boltt services globally to strengthen this network.

Key features:
• Send and receive blockchain-based payments on the go. The user simply needs to pick up the
phone, log in to the wallet, scan the QR code of receiver, and hit the send button.

• Inbuilt-exchange: Users can easily convert a wide range of blockchain assets such as Boltt
Tokens, BOLTT TOKENS, ETH, and DASH with the inbuilt exchange mechanism.

• Easily accessible: Users can access their wallet remotely from anywhere in the world with a
mobile app or web interface.
64

BOLTT CRYPTO WALLET
• Secure: the wallet is built on the native concepts of application development by following the
highest industry guidelines.

• In-chat payment system: Send and receive BolttCoins to friends and family using in-chat
payment system. Sender just types the amount he/she wants to send in receiver’s chat and
payment is sent instantly.

• Request for payment: One of the targeted and useful features is the request for the payment.
Use it to request money or due payments from your clients & friends. Request money using one
touch button, your friend will receive an invoice, you will receive the payment once he/she
confirms the request.

• Support for deposit/withdrawal of fiat currencies, including USD, EUR, and CNY.

65

BOLTT CRYPTO WALLET
Figure: Tech Stack & Platform Architecture

User

Boltcoin Application
Market Place

Product order

Aggregators Crypto
Wallet

Other Utility
Providers

Aggregators Crypto
Wallet

Blockchain

Level Purchase
Top Ups

Coins Received

Loyalty

Steps Reward

Challenges
Prize

Joining Fees

Coin Transfer

Redeem to Bank A/C

66

BOLTT CRYPTO WALLET
Above diagram demonstrates the setting up & the working of the Boltt Crypto Wallet. First, a
user downloads the Boltt Coin App and successfully gets registered with it. Then the wallet is
created, address and public key is generated using cryptographic operations. All transactions via
the wallet are carried out on the Blockchain.
Potential credits to the wallet can include Boltt Coins earned via steps rewards, via winning
challenges, via loyalty cashbacks, via friends transfers, etc. On the other hand, the potential
debits can include BolttCoins spent on goods and services marketplace, purchase of Boltt App
subscription plans, payment of joining fees for challenges, etc.

67

POTENTIAL APPLICATION
Potential applications
STAKEHOLDER

Users living a

POTENTIAL USES

BENEFITS

•

•

Monetizing user-generated data

lifestyle goals

•

Aggregating data for viewing or sharing

•

and deciding on further data use and its price,

Get extra motivation to reach healthy
Finding healthy lifestyle goods and

services on a single platform

•

•

interests and health data

Benefit from data generated, storing

Receiving tailor-made services based on

health and sports data in one place

Personal trainers

•

Selling services, attracting new clients,

Managing clients' progress

•

Easy to monitor the achievements and

rewards,
•

Fitness progress gamification for clients

The unique value proposition for advertising

Gyms

•

Attracting clients to gym locations

•

Reward system to promote gym visits at

Marketing new services, optimizing gym

specific times

use

•

Monitoring users' progress

Promoting loyalty by organizing group
challenges

Sports and
wellness

•

Selling products, marketing to a

precise key audience

•

Interaction with customers via the reward

system
•

Insights from users' data

Innovative marketing tool

68

POTENTIAL APPLICATION
Potential applications
STAKEHOLDER

Health insurers

Celebrities

POTENTIAL USES

BENEFITS

•

•

Reducing risks by analysis of actual

client data

Great incentives for a healthier lifestyle

Data-based management decisions powered
by client data

•

Selling services, attracting new clients,

Managing clients' progress

•

Easy to monitor the achievements and

rewards,
•

Fitness progress gamification for clients

The unique value proposition for advertising

Gyms

Employers

•

Organizing fitness challenges for fans

•

Increase fan base and social media

following

•

Organizing fitness challenges for

employees

•

Fun and a rewarding tool to incentivize

healthy lifestyles leading to productivity and
efficiency
•

Possibility for tailor-made challenges for

specific staff

69

REVENUE MODEL
Revenue Model
The Boltt ecosystem has multiple revenue streams from different participants.

Monthly subscriptions on Boltt health reward engine
Users will have to pay a monthly subscription fee for this. It is to be as nominal as US$1.5.
Upon taking this subscription, users are eligible to earn BolttCoins by taking steps and improving
personal health. The BolttCoins can then be used to purchase different goods and services
across the partner network.

Maintenance fees on social challenges & gamification
Corporates, brands, and celebrities can run sponsored health & fitness challenges on the Boltt
App for their employees, followers, and consumers. This encourages engagement and drives
productivity and loyalty. The winners can win BolttCoins and sponsored prizes.
Boltt will charge a 5% of the sponsored reward amount as for hosting these challenges

Commission fees on m-commerce transactions
The Boltt ecosystem will include over 25,000 retailers & service providers and 01 Mn+ products
& services in the App. Users can purchase these goods and services with BolttCoins.
Boltt will take a nominal commission fee on every transaction (3-5%)

Advertisement Revenue
The Boltt Ecosystem serves as a great platform for corporates, brands, and celebrities to run
sponsored ad contents. Boltt charges on a CPM model for all sponsored content.

70

USE OF BLOCKCHAIN
Use of blockchain
Blockchain has gained immense popularity as a technology that provides a mechanism for
establishing the trust, transparency, auditability, immutability, and security in transactions
without the use of any intermediary.
This section explores how blockchain – the decentralized, distributed ledger infrastructure built
around strong cryptography – is powering the Boltt ecosystem. It explains how all the essential
features of the Boltt platform are not possible without Blockchain.
Boltt makes full use of the strengths of the blockchain technology. By utilizing shared ledgers,
smart contracts and cryptographic encryption, Boltt is able to eliminate the intermediaries
throughout its ecosystem while ensuring trust, security, transparency, immutability, and
auditability across the value chain.
Blockchain has enabled Boltt to offer gratification in a secure unbiased manner, increase
seamless engagement and stronger monetization methods.
Discussed below in detail is how Boltt is making full use of the inherent features of the
blockchain technology:

71

USE OF BLOCKCHAIN
Transparency:
By using smart contracts for the Health Reward Engine, Boltt offers complete transparency in
the process of token generation.
When a user successfully completes the requisite health goal, he/she is credited with BolttCoins.
The algorithm for result validation and token issue is completely decentralized and transparent.
It is audit-able and hack proof. For example, any manipulative actions (faking steps etc.) can be
easily traceable and virtually impossible to hide or forge. Once Boltt token transactions are
added to the blockchain, they exist on each copy of the ledger maintained by each of the node in
the network resulting in permanent and immutable records. Thus, the Health Reward Engine
cannot be tampered and is completely decentralized.
Similarly all the Boltt platform challenges, tournaments and games are recorded on the
Blockchain. The Ethereum Blockchain supports decentralized tournament creation and
distribution of the winning with smart contracts. Players are able to test their fitness and bet in
step-based challenges without being dependent on host decisions, financial regulations, and
middleman controls. Boltt challenges aim to eliminate the need to trust hosts running
centralized platforms.

72

USE OF BLOCKCHAIN
Data Security:
The Boltt Health ID uses Blockchain to keep all the health identification data of the users safe.
As more health device activity is enabled by the IoT, the amount of data generated on a
consumer’s health and lifestyle has dramatically increased.
Boltt understands that Malicious access to sensitive personal data can heavily cause
devastating damage to the consumer customer relationships and can negatively affect the
reputation of the business. grave reputational and financial repercussions to health device
makers. Blockchains can enable embed rules via smart contracts to control access to sensitive
health data. Users can specify who should be given access to such data, for example, that only
their family and treating physicians can access their health records.. For instance, a user can
allow his family physician to access such data.
Blockchains encryption through cryptography enables that only the sender and receiver can
access the data sent through the blockchain. All the transactions are logged on the blockchain
using anonymization algorithm, ensuring that user history is kept private, verifiable, and
destructible on demand.

Data Efficiency:
Loyalty programs have grown rapidly across many economic sectors. With different programs
and point systems, it has often become quite difficult to redeem such loyalty points. Boltt is
using Blockchain and smart contracts to revolutionize Loyalty Programs.
In the Boltt ecosystem, when a new transaction takes place like a new loyalty point being given
or redeemed, a unique token is assigned to that particular transaction. Tokens are then grouped
into blocks at regular intervals such as every 10 minutes or so and distributed within the
network updating the database of each of the node in the network. New blocks of transactions
are validated and then linked to previous blocks that ultimately create a secure and verifiable
records of all the transactions without the use of any intermediary
73

USE OF BLOCKCHAIN
Permanence/Immutability:
The Boltt Decentralized Marketplace rests upon many fundamental pillars of the blockchain.
One of the most important one is the safety and security. All confirmed transactions on the Boltt
marketplace are not able to be changed without the consensus of the network, which is nearly
impossible. As long as the blockchain is operative, the data on it is always accessible.

Cost-effectiveness
The P2P nature of the blockchain does away with the need for any intermediaries to facilitate
transactions. Transaction cost on the Boltt platform is even less than 0.1% of the transaction
value, which is significantly lower compared to centralized payment methods such as PayPal or
credit cards.
Overall, within the Boltt shop, there are automated triggers and processes. Smart contracts
provide the foundation for digitization and automation for business processes. Logics are
embedded to automatically trigger payment on successful verification.

74

TECH STACK AND IMPLEMENTATION
Tech stack and implementation
Boltt platform is built on a hybrid technical infrastructure. It uses both on-chain and off-chain
records for optimum performance. While all marketplace, health ID and wallet transactions
including reward earnings based on steps, challenges, tournaments, algorithms determining the
rewards and generation of BolttCoins etc will make use of smart contracts & are recorded on the
decentralized ledger, Business algorithms, logic, and AI-based analytics work off the chain and
the platform application is hosted on a web server.
Boltt platform consists of several tech layers, each serving as a foundation for the next. These
layers represent the base for the different ecosystem pillars in the platform.

75

TECH STACK AND IMPLEMENTATION

REDEMPTION STACK

Market Place

Tech Stack
Trading on Dex

CRYPTO WALLET STACK
Participate in
Challenge

REWARD ENGINE STACK

CHALLENGES STACK

DATA COLLECTION STACK
(DATA COLLECTED VARIES DATA SOURCES)

Given below are the frameworks, languages, and software products are to be utilized in the
development of Boltt platform.

76

TECH STACK AND IMPLEMENTATION
Retailer integration stack
This serves as a plug in play module for the retailers to get connected with the Boltt ecosystem.

Reward generation stack
All stakeholders are connected to the ecosystem via the Boltt Coins Tokens, which serve as
medium of transfer of value between all. Retailers and brands award the Boltt coins to the
customers as loyalty points for purchase of goods & services via them.
This process activates the universal loyalty program, via which the Boltt Coin Tokens are
transferred to customer through the Boltt Crypto Wallet. Merchants and users complete
purchase, redemption, loyalty transactions using Boltt Coins.

Software development kit
This stack connects Boltt platform to third party applications. This enables third party
application users to take advantage of the Boltt Coin Loyalty Program.

Crypto network stack
The stack allows Boltt Tokens to be transferred between network participants & customers to
incentivize health advancement. The Boltt Tokens is also used as a tool for engagement and
loyalty by the retailer and brands.
The health data is stored with the user and only once the health goal is achieved, the Boltt
Tokens are credited to the Boltt Crypto Wallet.
Retailers in the Boltt network use Boltt Coins as loyalty points and accept them in exchange for
sale of their goods and services.

77

TECH STACK AND IMPLEMENTATION
Boltt wearable sensors
Boltt wearable sensors consist of a range of fitness trackers that track all day steps and activity
data most accurately.
Based on a 3-axis accelerometer, the inbuilt sensors are capable of automatic motion detection.
Whether the user is walking, running, or jogging, the device will accurately capture steps. It can
be indoor or outdoor.

Blockchain protocol
To implement a seamless Blockchain technology, Boltt team has been constantly sticking to
some core principles. Few key areas that Boltt has considered while building the tech:

Cash & fiat is still the dominant medium of exchange between parties,
for the above-mentioned use cases & platform features.
Third party intermediaries and brokers are expensive
Peer to Peer is the road Boltt wants to eventually take for all Boltt
products
Smart contracts can be used to automate and create trust between
participants
Exchange of value should be fast and efficient
There has to be a medium for store of value as well.
Most of this population do not understand crypto, how it works and
think it is agnostic
78

DESIGN & APPROACH
Design and approach
Use of dual Blockchain:
Blockchain as a technology is maturing but it lacks scalability and speed. There is a strong need in
the market for a universal decentralized value exchange mechanism that can execute even millions
of transactions per second while maximizing resource utilization and minimizing transaction fees to
near zero.
To achieve this, Boltt is using a new “Dual Blockchain Technology” called “Boltt Dual Swap”. Boltt
would be one of the first few tokens to use this dual technology. It comprises a web-based
interface, wallets, and smart contracts on Ethereum. BolttCoins are interchangeable dynamically
from one blockchain to another as required by the user.

79

DESIGN & APPROACH
Advantage of Dual Blockchains
Both the Ethereum and Waves blockchains offer unique functionality. Ethereum smart contracts
are used to implement many new decentralized features on the BolttCoin Platform like Challenges
& Tournaments, Marketplace transactions, Health Reward Engine, Wallet transactions involving
BolttCoins and other crypto assets amongst many other use cases.
On the other hand, Waves has better support for token creation and management along with many
other facilities related to them. Dual blockchain provides both flexibility and stability, and BolttCoin
holders are able to enjoy the advantages of both of the platforms. “Boltt Dual Swap” creates a fixed
token supply on each of the two blockchains and locking half of the supply at any given time.
BolttCoin can make use of the network effect of another crypto community. This also means that
redundancy is built into the project. In case the blockchain becomes subject to security
vulnerability, tokens are still safe and can be transferred or traded.
Finally, the dual blockchain technology can significantly increase the attraction of BolttCoin for
exchanges. BolttCoins can be easily facilitated by any exchange that has integrated either of the
two blockchains increasing the trading opportunities. Anyone is able to deposit to the exchange for
trading, either directly or else using “Boltt Dual Swap” as an intermediary step. Similarly, anyone
buying BolttCoin from an exchange can withdraw BolttCoins to the wallet of user’s choice.

80

DESIGN & APPROACH
Technical Specifications of “Boltt Dual Swap”
Boltt token has a fixed supply of 1 Billion tokens. The full supply is created on both Ethereum and
Waves. Tokens purchased with ETH are released to the respective Ethereum wallet while the
balance is locked in a smart contract.
Any tokens that are purchased with Fiat currencies or BTC, LTC, and WAVES are released on
WAVES blockchain while the balance is to be locked in WAVES wallet. Thus, ETH smart contract
balance and the liquidity of WAVES token are equal. On the other hand, WAVES locked wallet and
liquidity of ETH token are equal.
At any point that an ETH token holder wants to convert an ETH Boltt token for a WAVES token,
they send a WAVES address and their ETH tokens to the smart contract, locking the ETH tokens,
and releasing the corresponding WAVES token by sending them to the nominated address.
Where an ETH token owner wishes to convert to WAVES tokens, he/she can send a WAVES
address and ETH tokens into the smart contract that locks ETH tokens while releasing the relevant
WAVES tokens by sending them to the designated address. WAVES holders can do the same. They
can log onto Boltt Dashboard, the designate ETH address and then send their tokens to the locked
wallet. ETH tokens are then sent immediately. Ultimately, there will be no more than 1 Billion
unlocked Boltt tokens.

81

DESIGN & APPROACH
Application storage
Cloud storage is utilized by Boltt as the application storage. Cloud service provider such as Amazon
Web Services and Google Cloud is to be selected for this purpose. Cloud storage is relatively less
expensive than having own hardware infrastructure. In addition, it increases flexibility and provides
global scalability.

Application development
Application development is done based on Agile principles. Boltt uses Scrum as a framework for
managing the product development. Scrum is well suited for development and support of
complicated products. The framework is based on the empirical methods.

Third party access
Boltt platform aims to ensure the compatibility with other blockchain-based systems using open
source Api’s that are made available to the partners & enables easy communication and integration
with systems outside Boltt platform. Boltt uses RESTful API technology whose modularity provides
developers with a greater amount of flexibility.

82

BOLTT’S NETWORK & BLOCKCHAIN PROTOCOL

Boltt’s Network – Blockchain, Protocol and BolttCoin:
Boltt utilizes the most advanced solutions available within blockchain and distributed ledger
technologies, and some of that is to be introduced in later stages of R&D.
Boltt's mission is to bring health, e-commerce, services and Boltt Coin (crypto-currency) to the
masses. Most of the business requirements are supported by the architectural drivers that
Ethereum have adopted for their mission: high transaction volumes, peer-to-peer transactions
& Low transaction fees
Beyond this, Boltt also needs to create standard features available to all transactions (with little
to no friction) complex functions such as escrow or commissions, which are currently considered
advanced features requiring high-friction and 3rd party integration.
Boltt builds on top of Ethereum smart contract features so that cash-oriented merchants (such
as offline shops, local Gym chains or personal trainers, whose business models do not fit the
standard e-commerce models) can take advantage of these advanced capabilities without
materially altering the way they do business.
Prior to BolttCoin, any ecommerce technology solution had to insert themselves into the middle
of the transaction (in order to monetize the transaction) which simply is not practical for these
cash-oriented businesses, therefore very few of them have considered joining the online
economy.

83

BOLTT’S NETWORK & BLOCKCHAIN, PROTOCOL

Boltt believes addressing these issues as seamlessly as possible is what breaks the loggerhead
that has prevented the widespread adoption of crypto currencies in general usage. Now,
platforms and consumers no longer need to rely on centralized institutions (which typically also
incur significant fees) to be able to provide new transaction options that offer the best of both
worlds - cash & credit.
Since Boltt Coin enforces all these capabilities for free and in a completely transparent and
decentralized manner, almost all transaction risk and overhead is eliminated making available all
manner of new commerce opportunities for the largest and smallest vendors worldwide.
Boltt's network and BolttCoin is built with innovation, with the industries past mistakes in mind.
The role of Boltt’s protocol for transaction approval and the injection of new BolttCoins to the
ecosystem are to ensure that “Rules of The Game” are well known to all participants. This is the
focal point of Institutional Economics research; how “rules” (Boltt’s network’s code), known by
and to everyone, affect economic behaviour and decision making of the ecosystem’s
participants with the creation of trust.
Boltt has established the philosophy of BolttCoin on what is correct and accurate in economic
theory and research, and on own vast experience. Boltt concludes that the quantity of money
should grow only when the economy truly grows. All is dependent on a correct and
unchangeable protocol.

84

BOLTT’S NETWORK SECURITY
Boltt's - network security
When one considers an economy ultimately as a model for efficient information transfer efficiency, speed, and trust in the information's correctness are the key variables for its health
and capacity for wealth creation. The historical dependency on fallible human action and limited
performance has been the greatest limitation on such economies as the advent of the Internet
has demonstrated in its unprecedented ability to create new wealth.
Crypto currencies and Tokens based on crypto ledgers are the next stage in the economic
revolution. They further reduce (but do not eliminate) dependencies on humans on the most
constraining dimension remaining – trust, through sound mathematical models defining their
operational protocols. These fundamental proofs are necessary for the safe and secure
transactions of value transfers as they provide a new level of trust that enables the efficient
implementation of the new information economy.
Thus, the attack vectors that must be defended against and mitigated pertain to:
1. correct design & implementation of the model, and
2. Correct and secure processes for interactions between humans and the model's
implementation.
All exploits can be clearly explained as failures of one of these two categories. Physical
signatures, letters of credit, bank transfer documents and other prior methods of trust that the
economic engines depended upon appear comical and insignificant when compared to public key
encryption for proof of authentication as well as authority to conduct a transaction. Yet the
inherent limitations of speed and efficiency at that time contained the exposure to exploits to
enough extent that they could be made adequate so long as consistent process security was in
place.

85

BOLTT’S NETWORK SECURITY
Therefore, minor flaws in the model which are relatively costly to exploit might not have
practical exploits due to strong processes and limits in efficiencies that limit the actual gains.
Today those dangers are orders of magnitude more serious as the great value of the Internet's
efficiency is also what provides for such an attractive target. Unfortunately naïve belief in the
definition of the model and failure to fully evaluate the implementation of same, immaturity of
the technologies used to build them, and inadequate processes of interaction have resulted in
several high profile exploits which had worst case scenario results of total collapse of the
system they were designed to enable and support. Boltt is taking a more responsible and
informed approach to these issues on both the generation and issues of the BolttCoin, and the
operational use and transfer of same within the Boltt economy.
build them, and inadequate processes of interaction have resulted in several high profile exploits
which had worst case scenario results of total collapse of the system they were designed to
enable and support. Boltt is taking a more responsible and informed approach to these issues on
both the generation and issues of the BolttCoin, and the operational use and transfer of same
within the Boltt economy.
Unlike prior entities who suffered losses due to their unpreparedness and inexperience, Boltt is
an ongoing concern that already handles significant monetary transfers through its systems for
some time now. Security and reliability of process are designed into the existing business and
are being improved and expanded on an ongoing basis. Security is a never-ending core process
of Boltt’s business model.

1

https://blog.wavesplatform.com/what-is-waves-dex-7c311d1360a1

2

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smart_contract

86

MVP
MVP
Boltt is releasing the MVP of the Boltt Coin App in India by May. The Boltt Coin app in beta will
consist of all platform features with a limited implementation of the marketplace.
The platform will feature the “Boltt Shop” with over 25000 merchants & 1000000 products, just
in time for the Pre-ICO.
The System will be working on Waves Blockchain with real user data. This will help us prepare
smart contracts and get feedback from the community, real users and make sure that this
solution is viable.

Beta version of the product
Goal of Beta version:
• Provide a firsthand experience, proof of functionality and demonstrate the core features of
the Boltt Coin App :o Boltt Health Reward Engine: Earn Boltt Coins with Steps & Personal Health
o Boltt Engagement & Gamification: For corporates & employees combines great engagement
and gamified tools like challenges, tournaments and games which will rewards participants
with Boltt Coins
o Boltt Marketplace: To list, order and sell products and services from 25k merchants, 1500
categories & 1 Mn products from across the world
o Health ID: is One Global Health ID, on the Blockchain and under your control. Premise of the
Boltt Wallet starts by creating a single digital identity that users can carry globally – Boltt ID.
o Crypto Wallet: With this, users can access all financial services in the Boltt Ecosystem.
Multiple top up and cash out options, hold fiat or multiple crypto currencies, with a host of
financial services like money transfer, bill payments, cards & Decentralized Exchange

87

MVP
After launch, users will also start to earn Boltt Coins in all places such as certain goals and
incentivized engagement, referring other users, and completing tasks and offers. Users will still
be able to buy Boltt Coins to spend or make up the difference when they don’t have enough to
buy an item. In this case, Boltt may sell directly from its own supply of BolttCoins or help users
buy from the Waves-Dex within the Boltt Wallet. The wallets will be created and maintained by
Boltt for the purposes of transactions within the Boltt marketplace, but will also support
withdrawals and deposits to and from external addresses via the Waves Blockchain. Within the
Boltt marketplace, Boltt will manage the transactions for each user and hide the complexities of
dealing with public/private keys, Smart Contracts, etc. Boltt users will not need any waves or
crypto currency knowledge to start and continue buying and selling in the marketplace.

BolttCoin vs. Traditional Reward Tokens
Traditional
Reward Token

Gamified

BolttCoin

No

Yes

Guided by Waves Blockchain

No

Yes

Secure & Decentralised

No

Yes

Mining is verifiable on the blockchain

No

Yes

Mining is based on noble cause of health advancement

No

Yes

Widespread palication accross industries & sectors

No

Yes

88

IMPLEMENTATION PLAN
Start of Boltt Development - the

June 2014

leading ecosystem for tracking health
and fitness via wearables and mobile
apps

August 2015

September 2016

Founded Boltt Health App to track all
in one heath and fitness

Started selling Boltt Wearables on
major ecommerce platforms in india

Release of the first alpha version of
the Boltt Health app, part of the

January 2017

custome interface for the people to
interact with Boltt existing wearable
and App users

89

IMPLEMENTATION PLAN
ICO and MVP

May 2018
Stage 1

We are launching the MVP of the Boltt
Coin App in india by May. Just in time
for our ICO

Introduction of Smart Countracts
Boltt Smartcontracts will be
launched.

July 2018
Stage 2

Boltt will use these contracts for
development of the balance
ecosystem elements. This will be
done by July 2018.

Boltt Loyalty Platform:

OCT 2018
Stage 3

For retailers & employees enables
merchants to link their existing loyalty
programmers to the Boltt Ecosystem &
given rewards in the of Boltt Coins.
This will be done by OCT 2018.

Insurance Benefits:
Wherein Insurance Companies can

DEC 2018
Stage 4

reward benefits like discounts on
premium in the form of Boltt Tokens
to their prolicyholders basis their
health. This will be done by DEC
2018.
90

IMPLEMENTATION PLAN
Health, Fitness & Welness Ecosystem:
In which we want to create an in App
universe of Health Services, where in

FEB 2019
Stage 5

users will be able to pay for health food
delivery, medicines, health check ups,
book gym classes & fitness trainers in
Boltt Coins & merchants will be able to
list their goods and services on the
platform. This will be done by FEB
2019

April 2019
Stage 6

Bills, Utillity & Entertaiment which
include blickchain based mobile
payments for trave, utility bills,
movies, recharge & more. This will be
done by April 2019

Offline Shops & Services for retailers

July 2019
Stage 7

and consumers combines a best in
industry set of engagment and loyalty
tools (rewards, incentives) on the front
end and state of the art analytics.
audience insights including A.I.
powered on the back end, It enables
Retailer merchants to list their store
online on the Boltt Ecosystem. Or
enables users to make purchase of
good and services offline. This will be
done by July 2019

91

HOW TO EARN & SPEND BOLTT COIN
How to earn and spend BolttCoins

Earn
Earn
User downloads the Boltt Coin
Appand earns Boltt coins with steps

Engage with friends/Employees/
User downloads the Boltt Coin App
and earns BolttCoins with steps and

and Personal Health improvment

Personal Health improvment

Each Step Goal he completeswins

Each Step Goal he completeswins

him Boltt Coins

him Boltt Coins

Avail Loyalty benefits by Retailers and
Use Boltt coins to enter into app
challenges - Group, Solo etc, hosted by
friends, Corporates, Brands, and
celebrities.

93

HOW TO EARN & SPEND BOLTT COIN
How to earn and spend BolttCoins

Burn
Acquiring Boltt Coins

Avail exciting srvices with Boltt Coins

Choose 1 from over 1 million products

Choose from exciting in-App health

and 50,000 retailers offline/online who

services like - food, gy, medecine,

are partners in Boltt Ecosystem

nutritions, coaches etc available on
Boltt App

Pay for products and Services
with Boltt Coins

Trade on Exchange
Users can trade the Boltt Coins on some
decentralised exchanges

Users can pay for this in Boltt
Coins
Users can also make their utility
payments for bills, recharge,
travel, entertaiment via Bolt Coins

94

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION DETAILS

Method/purpose

No. of BOLTT Tokens%
96 Mn BOLTT

56%

Private Sale

16 Mn BOLTT

9%

Team

16 Mn BOLTT

9%

Advisory Board

10 Mn BOLTT

6%

Strategic Brand Partners

11 Mn BOLTT

6%

6 Mn BOLTT

4%

16 Mn BOLTT

9%

Pre Sale

Bounty / Marketing Campaigns
Reserved for Health Based
Rewards & Step Mining

100%

95

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION DETAILS
Figure: Token distribution
BOLTT TOKENS

96

EXCHANGE LISTINGS
The reserve for future mining forms the basis on which Boltt is able to issue BOLTT Tokens for
digitally verifiable health & fitness achievements.
40% of the total quantity of all BOLTT Tokens is thus be only gradually introduced into the
market, keeping a big worldwide reserve for rewards available for many years post-ICO.
Boltt is planning to release the first 80% of the reward Tokens within the next two years at a
decreasing rate. The vast majority of Tokens will simply not be in circulation in the near future.
An algorithm will determine monthly, how many BOLTT TOKEN Tokens is to be awarded per
verified fitness activity unit. Over time, the amount will decrease according to the number of
participants and Tokens already in the market. That way, a sustained growth in value can be
ensured even when more Tokens become available.
The projected amount of Boltt Tokens in the circulating supply during the next three years starts
with 20% in 2018, goes to 27% in 2019 and will still only be at 38% in 2020. During that time, the
number of participants in the system - mostly the people earning BOLTT Token while taking
steps - will grow much faster, thus more than compensate for the increase in Token supply.

Exchange listing

While Boltt leverages the Waves DEX on day one itself, Boltt is to contact all major and several
smaller Crypto exchanges for listing BOLTT TOKEN to facilitate the efficient trading. This opens
the opportunity to trade BOLTT TOKEN worldwide and to receive BOLTT Tokens outside the
ecosystem of Boltt, without necessarily taking steps.

97

SECURITY
Security
Boltt platform is designed to take into account recent events of wallet theft and phishing during
ICO campaigns. This is mitigated by converting a significant amount of the ICO to fiat currency
when possible. Boltt continuously monitors for phishing sites and will alert all contributors
through press releases and newsletters. Boltt communicates official information regarding
wallet addresses only through email to registered members. Boltt’s operating strategy includes
periodical contact with Contributors through a mailing list and/or newsletters, in order to keep
them updated on the status of development, marketing, clients, and revenue. This strategy
allows us to obtain feedback from Contributors and keep them updated with the most recent
news and developments.

Use of funds

Proceeds collected from the Token sale are to be utilized in the following manner:
• 20% of the Token Sale funds will be allocated to developing the Boltt Platform (including)
backend technology, APIs and frontend developments

• 50% will be earmarked for marketing, in order to expand the Boltt Platform globally

• 15% will be used to fund the growth of the business and sales network.

• 5% will be invested in security, legal, and accounting expenses.

• 10% will be used for reserve and buyback
98

USE OF FUNDS
Figure: Use of funds

99

MARKETING STRATEGY
Boltt aims to create a network effect with the use of the decentralized payment system. In
addition, Boltt uses the well-known blowing pin strategy where it focuses on selected niches to
get started.

Boltt focuses on building the supplier side first ensuring that BolttCoins are accepted at a
considerable number of locations through partnerships that can provide market penetration.
Boltt has already partnered with many renowned brands that should bring the critical mass of
accepted merchants and brands. However, Boltt is fully focused on promoting and attracting
new partnerships.
As far as demand is concerned, Boltt will conduct aggressive marketing and promotion
campaigns across social and other media channels in order to increase the market awareness
and receive the viral spread of the word.
Network effect can be well illustrated by Metcalfe’s Law[1]: In 1993, Robert Metcalfe noticed
that the value of a telecommunications network is proportional to the square of the number of
users of the system. For example, two people with telephones can only make one connection.
Five telephones can make 10 connections, and twelve telephones can make 66 connections.
This is now famously known as "Metcalfe's Law" or network effect: The value of a network is
proportional to n2, where n is the number of users.

100

MARKETING STRATEGY
BolttCoin Business Model

The main difference that makes BolttCoin stand out from its competitors is that its business model is
based on its token's value growth as well as the cashflow generated from platform operations. All
games on the platform run on a single cryptocurrency named BolttCoin (BOLTT) which is also the
main driver of BolttCoin economy. For participating in the In-House Step based earnings game,users
have to pay a monthly subscription (fiat or BolttCoins).
This game is played at 4 levels and the winnings can be three to four times of the entry fee for the
super active daily
users.Based on the assumption that a small number of users will be able to consistently maintain
super active status, we expect a positive net cash flow. Also for hosting a challenge or a bet, the
platform charges a normal maintenace fee of 5%, the boot is divided among the winners after
dedcuction of these charges.
The model is also partially based on Metcalfe's law which states that the bigger the network of
users, the greater that network's value becomes. The same applies to Boltt Coin platform: as the
number of players who wish to play challenges & games increases, i.e. growing demand so will the
value of Boltt Token which has a limited supply (think Bitcoin.

Price Growth

User Growth

3000%

15000K

1500%

5000K

900%

2000K

600%

1000K

350%

700K

200%

400K

100%

200K

0%

70K
Q1,2018 Q2,2018 Q3, 2018 Q4, 2018 Q1,2019 Q2,2019

Q3,2019

Q4,2019
101

MARKETING STRATEGY
MetCalfes Law
Metcalfe's law states that the value of any network is proportional to the square of the number of
connected users of the system (n2)

Price Growth

User Growth

2

1T

(100K)

10B

100M

2

(10K)

1M

2

(1K)

100K
2011

2011

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

102

MARKETING STRATEGY
Boltt uses a multi-channel strategy to market its Platform:
• Bundling subscription with hardware: Boltt sells the subscription of the BolttCoin platform
as a free bundle with the Boltt wearables. Boltt Wearables are the top selling wearables on
major e-commerce portals in India. Bundling the subscription of the BolttCoin App, enables
great user acquisition at almost zero cost.
• Digital marketing for app downloads: Digital means like social media like Facebook and other
channels like Instagram, Twitter are used for paid app downloads.
• Influencer marketing: Use of press, media, influencers and bloggers to spread the word.
• ASO: Boltt will use ASO for organic downloads.
• Affiliates: Multiple affiliate channels to get paid app installs
• Corporate sales: Boltt will be marketing to many corporates to get them on board to host
challenges on the App.
• Brands and celebrities tie-ups: Boltt will market to Celebrities and Brand to run engagement
campaigns on the Boltt App.

1

http://www.neatorama.com/2012/09/05/Four-Geeky-Laws-That-Rule-Our-World/

103

MARKETING STRATEGY
Positioning
Boltt is a seamless and scalable platform and has a much wider use case than some of the
competitors.

Figure: Boltt’s positioning in the competitive landscape

Boltt coins are a tool for diverse industry
wide data exchange & gratification between
different industries stakeholders & is for
loyalty & engagement

Usability
Limited rewards only in App option

Social Challenges based
rewards

Limited health specific gratification of
Health service

Avenues of Token Moning & Generation

104

SUCCESS DRIVERS
Differentiators
1. Revolutionary Social Health Gamification Platform
Boltt is a Mobile Health based Social Gamification platform that promotes health advancement
by rewarding the user’s actions towards staying healthy & fit. It essentially gamifies health, in a
way that has not been done before. And gamification makes fitness fun! The Boltt technology
offers an innovative way to get people of all ages off the couch.
The rewards are harnessed in the form of Boltt Coins which can be used to purchase goods &
services across a massive partner network. Boltt platform is based on a scalable tech stack and
integrates many ecosystem players in a seamless manner ensuring trust and privacy as the
transactions are conducted over blockchain. The Boltt platform captures data that was
previously inaccessible to the ecosystem players and as a result it is an able to offer highly
valuable insights to retailers/merchants/brands/ service providers and insurance companies.
The Boltt platform is a plug & play solution and follows strict privacy and regulatory
compliances, as all transactions are conducted over Blockchain.

2.Massive Use Cases spanning across industries
Boltt is not just solving an isolated problem in a single industry. It is not only promoting health
advancement by motivating people to take more steps & rewarding them with Boltt Coins. But it
is also solving an underlying problem that spans across all business - “how to connect & engage
with your users better”.
Since the Boltt Coins can be used by any Business - Corporates, Retailers, Brands, Insurers,
Service providers etc to offer loyalty offers and discounts, the Platform acts as an important
driver for user engagement within these industries.

105

MARKET TRACTION & VALIDATION
3. Product Live in the Market with great Traction
The Boltt platform is already live in the market and deployed across different industry pillars,
representing each pillar in the Boltt ecosystem.
It is implemented in 40+ corporates having 10K + employees, 10+ brands having 1 Mn+
Consumers, 5+ Retail Chains having 100 K plus customers. It has a cumulative user base
of active users.

Market Traction & Validation
Boltt has been successfully adopted and validated by many different business and end users.

• 25,000 onboarded Retailers
• 1 Mn + Products selling on the platform
• Soon to go live with 40+ corporates
• Soon to go live with 60+ brands and retail chains
• 100,000 Downloads & Active users estimated at launch, leveraging boltt existing
user base

• Product validation - Platform successfully deployed across different use cases.
• Retailer Validation -25K retailers selling their goods & services via Boltt Coins.
60+ brands and corporates will run engagement programmes via Boltt Coins.
• Customer Validation - Customers will buy 1 Mn + products with Boltt Coins across the
partner work.

106

TEAM
Team
Boltt Crew is made up of top professionals and developers with extensive experience. The team
is constantly growing and evolving to ensure that it can meet the expectations of the
community and create a unique platform.
Below you can find an overview of the BolttCoin leadership.

Arnav Kishore

Sahil Goel

Co-Founder & CEO, Boltt

Co-Founder & Chief
Product Strategy

Rajesh Bhatia

Gurdeep Singh

Co-Founder & President
Finance

Co-Founder & Director
Strategic Alliances
Former CEO Reliance

Lalit Kishore

Aayushi Jugasia

Co-Founder & Chief
Strategy Officer
Former President &

Co-Founder & CMO,
Boltt Sports

107

TEAM
Nikhil Sethi
Marketing Consultant In
The Blockchain/ICO
Space
IBC Group Comprehensive

Devesh Rai

Parth Trivedi
Bl
15oycekcarhsaionf D
exepveerlo
iepnecre in

IT with 5 year at
managment positions;
worked as Delivery
Manager in charge of a
bussiness unit of 150
people and yearly budget

Kuldeep Singh

Lead Developer iOS at
Boltt Sports
Technologies Pvt Ltd
Boltt Sports

Lead Developer (WEB) at
Boltt Sports Technologies
Pvt Ltd
Boltt Sports Technologies

Dheeraj Pal

Atanu Bhaumik

CEO and Technical
Architect at Lewiot
Lewiot - an internet of

Community Manager &
Bounty Manager

Mohit Walia
Head Marketing &
Community Manager

108

TEAM
Experts
Data Science & A.I. Experts, who are helping vring BolttCoin Platfform to life.

Erik Kallenbach

Darren Robertson

Chief Research &

Chief AI and Machine

Flavio Brito

Danial Karsner

Chief Data
Computational &

Chief AI & Archival

Peter Szubo
Chief Deep Learning &

Boltt's 36 member team includes blockchain developers, data scientists,
mobile ops, backend/frontend developers, marketing experts, platform
engineers & operations professionals

109

ADVISORS
Advisory Board
As of Q1 2018 Boltt has an extensive Advisory Board composed of leading experts in relating
industries. We are constantly updating the list of our advisers and partners and publicize their
addition to the BolttCoin Advisory Board and Partner List on our website. We will continue to
add high-level professionals and consultants from different spheres and plan on having the
strongest Advisory Board.

Brian Condenanza
Chief Crypto Marketing. ICO Advisor | Entrepreneur | Revista Bitcoin Editor |
Blockchain, Bitcoin & Crypto currency Researcher | Investor | Pre – ICO Deals |
Forbes 30 under 30

Ian Scarffe
Chief Investment Advisor. Blockchain - ICO Advisor | Consultant | Strategist |
Investor | ICO Bench – Blockchain Advisor Global Rank #3

Simon Cocking
Chief Strategy & Public Relations. Co-founder Chief editor Irish Tech News,
CryptoCoin.news | #1 ICO Expert advisor ICObench

Sally Eaves
Emergent Technology CTO | Global Strategy Advisor – FinTech Blockchain AI |
Entrepreneur | Speaker & Author | Research

Francesco Redaelli
Co – Founder VP Business Development at Koinsquare | Advisory Board
Member | Campaign Success Manager at Two Hundred Crowd

110

ADVISORS
Jennifer Greyson
CEO, Powered by NeurealSM | Blockchain optimized for AI | TGE/ICO date
forthcoming

David Manset
Technology | CEO | CSO | Blockchain Entrepreneur & Blockchain Security
Advisor

Bogdan Fiedur
ICO Advisor, ICOBench Expert, Smart Contract Developer, Full Stack
Developer

Arthur Iinuma

Tech Partner & Advisor
Blockchain Consultant ,ICO Advisor & Early Stage Investor

Anantshree Chaturvedi
Chief Strategic Relations, CEO & Director Uflex

Colin Harper
Chief Content & Media Strategy,
News Editor at CoinCentral--Staff Writer at Bitcoin Magazine

111

Boltt Coin

a motivation to improve societal health

Social Health

Gamification

Platform
White Paper 1.0

MEDIA MENTIONS
Media Mentions

113

DISCLAIMER
Corporate Structure
The BolttCoin platform and corresponding Tokens are being generated and held by BolttCoin OU,
a wholly separate holding company incorporated in and operating under the laws of Estonia.
Boltt Sports Technologies Pvt.Ltd is a private limited company incorporated in India. Due to the
current regulatory framework with respect to cryptocurrencies in India, the BolttCoin crypto
currency platform, will be owned and operated by BolttCoin OU, Estonia.
On successfully closing the ICO, BolttCoin OU will consummate an acquisition of Boltt Sports
Technologies pvt.ltd India.
Boltt anticipates that there will be significant clarity on the regulation of crypto currency in India
in the near term. Upon receiving such clarity, BolttCoin OU along with Boltt Sports Technologies
will be ready to launch thereafter.

Legal governance and compliance
As determined by Boltt legal advisors, and based on the Howey Test under the US laws,
BolttCoins are not deemed securities in India or USA.
Boltt complies with the currently available Indian and US legislative regulations with regard to
the operations of ICO, digital Tokens, and crypto currencies.
This document is for information purposes only and is not an offer or a call to sell stocks or
securities of any legal entity.

Regulatory uncertainty
Blockchain technologies are subject to supervision and control by various regulatory bodies.
Boltt may fall under one or more request or action on their part, including but not limited to
restrictions imposed on the use or possession of digital Tokens such as BolttCoins, possibly
limiting the functionality or repurchase of BolttCoins in the future.

114

DISCLAIMER
BolttCoins are not securities
User acknowledges, understands, and agrees that BolttCoins are not securities and are not
registered with any government entity as a security; and shall not be considered as such. User
acknowledges, understands, and agrees that ownership of BolttCoins does not grant the user
the right to receive profits, income, or other payments or returns. BolttCoins do not represent an
ownership interest in Secugenius or Boltt as a project or any other entity.

No guarantees of value
There is no guarantee that BolttCoins will be tradable on any exchange. There is no guarantee
of the value of BolttCoins or whether that value will change over time. Unforeseen events,
events in which the developers have no control, or force majeure circumstances may cause the
value of BolttCoins to be extremely volatile.
Users who purchase or earn BolttCoins hereby acknowledge and represent that they are not
acquiring such BolttCoins with an expectation of profit or income. Users who purchase or earn
BolttCoins further acknowledge and represent that there may be no exchange or merchant that
will accept BolttCoins in exchange for goods, services, cash, or other crypto currencies.
As future values and acquisitions of crypto currencies and alternative coins cannot be
guaranteed, it is recommended that each participant consider all risks associated with
participation in BolttCoins.

Risks associated with Waves
BolttCoins will be issued on the Waves blockchain protocol. Therefore, any failure or
malfunctioning of the Waves blockchain may lead to the trading network of fragmented
BolttCoins.

115

DISCLAIMER
BolttCoins are not an investment
BolttCoins are not legally binding investments. In the case of unforeseen circumstances, the
objectives stated in this document may be changed. Despite the fact that Boltt intends to reach
all goals described in this document, all persons and parties involved in the purchase of
BolttCoins do so at their own risk.

Risks of using new technologies
Boltt protocol is new and relatively untested technology. Therefore, there can be additional
unforeseen risks associated with this product.

116

