BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

BULLEON

DECENTRALIZED ICO
Operated from European Union
Whitepaper v1.5.5
GlobalTouch Software OÜ
16.10.2018

1

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

TABLE OF

CONTENTS
DISCLAIMER ................................................................................................................................................................................................... 3
INTRODUCTION ............................................................................................................................................................................................. 4

0 1 MARKET ANALYSIS
1.1. Blockchain Industry: Current Market Analysis.................................................................................................................................... 5
1.2. Blockchain: The 21st Century Unicorn................................................................................................................................................. 6
1.3. Utilizing Blockchain for Big Data........................................................................................................................................................... 7
1.4. Bulleon – Decentralized ICO.................................................................................................................................................................. 9

02 BULLEON STRUCTURE
2.1. ERC20 token cryptocurrency............................................................................................................................................................... 10
2.2. The ERC20 token standard.................................................................................................................................................................. 11
2.3. Bulleon as a token................................................................................................................................................................................ 11
2.4. Why we chose Ethereum ERC20 token standard as our main token?........................................................................................... 12
2.5. Why we chose Ethereum ecosystem to drive our ICO..................................................................................................................... 13
2.6. Milestones............................................................................................................................................................................................. 13

03 SMART-CONTRACT STRUCTURE
3.1. Bulleon smart-contract........................................................................................................................................................................ 31
3.2. Smart contract functions..................................................................................................................................................................... 31

04 FINANCES & ICO
4.1. Force Gathering Whirl of Bulleon....................................................................................................................................................... 32
4.2. ICO phase structure............................................................................................................................................................................. 33
4.3. Distribution........................................................................................................................................................................................... 34
4.4. Funds allocation.................................................................................................................................................................................... 34
4.5. Dividend distribution........................................................................................................................................................................... 35
4.6. One-time dividend payment............................................................................................................................................................... 35
4.7 Quarterly dividends............................................................................................................................................................................... 36
4.8. ICO Schedule and limits....................................................................................................................................................................... 36
4.9. Bounty program................................................................................................................................................................................... 36

05 OUR TEAM
5.1 Our amazing team................................................................................................................................................................................. 37

2

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

DISCLAIMER
THE PURPOSE OF THIS WHITEPAPER IS TO PRESENT THE BULLEON PROJECT TO POTENTIAL TOKEN
HOLDERS RELATING TO THE CRYPTOCURRENCY LAUNCH.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT MAY NOT BE EXHAUSTIVE AND DOES NOT IMPLY
ANY ELEMENTS OF A CONTRACTUAL RELATIONSHIP. ITS SOLE PURPOSE IS TO PROVIDE RELEVANT AND
REASONABLE INFORMATION TO POTENTIAL TOKEN HOLDERS FOR THEM TO DETERMINE WHETHER
TO UNDERTAKE A THOROUGH ANALYSIS OF THE OFFER WITH THE INTENT OF ACQUIRING BULLEON
TOKENS. NOTHING IN THIS WHITEPAPER SHALL BE DEEMED TO CONSTITUTE A PROSPECTUS OF ANY
SORT OR A SOLICITATION FOR INVESTMENT, NOR DOES IT IN ANY WAY PERTAIN TO AN OFFERING OR A
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION.
THIS DOCUMENT IS NOT COMPOSED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND IS NOT SUBJECT TO, LAWS OR
REGULATIONS OF ANY JURISDICTION WHICH ARE DESIGNED TO PROTECT INVESTORS. CERTAIN
STATEMENTS, ESTIMATES, AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS WHITEPAPER CONSTITUTE
FUTURISTIC STATEMENTS OR INFORMATION. SUCH STATEMENTS OR INFORMATION INVOLVE KNOWN
AND UNKNOWN RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES WHICH MAY CAUSE ACTUAL EVENTS OR RESULTS TO DIFFER
MATERIALLY FROM THE ESTIMATES OR THE RESULTS IMPLIED OR EXPRESSED IN SUCH FORWARDLOOKING STATEMENTS.
THIS ENGLISH LANGUAGE WHITEPAPER IS THE PRIMARY OFFICIAL SOURCE OF INFORMATION ABOUT
OUR BULLEON CRYPTOCURRENCY LAUNCH. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE DOCUMENT MAY BE
USED DURING WRITTEN OR VERBAL COMMUNICATIONS WITH EXISTING AND PROSPECTIVE CUSTOMERS,
PARTNERS, ETC. WHILE SUCH COMMUNICATION SOME OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN MAY
BE LOST, CORRUPTED, OR MISREPRESENTED. THE ACCURACY OF SUCH ALTERNATIVE COMMUNICATIONS
CANNOT BE GUARANTEED. IN THE EVENT OF ANY CONFLICTS OR INCONSISTENCIES, THE PROVISIONS
OF THIS ENGLISH LANGUAGE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT SHALL PREVAIL.
IF YOU ARE A GREEN CARD HOLDER OF THE UNITED STATES OR A UNITED STATES CITIZEN OR PERMANENT
RESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (TAX OR OTHERWISE), OR YOU HAVE A PRIMARY RESIDENCE OR
DOMICILE IN THE UNITED STATES (TAX OR OTHERWISE), OR PERMANENT RESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC
OF SINGAPORE (TAX OR OTHERWISE), OR YOU HAVE A PRIMARY RESIDENCE OR DOMICILE IN SINGAPORE
OR YOU ARE A CITIZEN OR PERMANENT RESIDENT OF CANADA (TAX OR OTHERWISE) , OR YOU HAVE A
PRIMARY RESIDENCE OR DOMICILE IN CANADA, OR YOU ARE A CITIZEN OR PERMANENT RESIDENT OF
HONG KONG (TAX OR OTHERWISE), OR YOU HAVE A PRIMARY RESIDENCE OR DOMICILE IN HONG KONG,
OR IF YOU ARE EITHER A CITIZEN OR PERMANENT RESIDENT OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA (TAX
OR OTHERWISE) , OR YOU HAVE A PRIMARY RESIDENCE OR DOMICILE IN THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF
CHINA (TAX OR OTHERWISE), YOU ARE ELIGIBLE TO PURCHASE BULLEON CRYPTOCURRENCY ONLY IF YOU
INTEND TO USE THEM FOR THE PURPOSE OF REGULAR CRYPTOCURRENCY AS A TOOL FOR PAYMENTS
FOR GOODS AND SERVICES. THE SAME APPLIES IF YOU ARE ONE OF THE OWNERS OR BENEFICIARIES
OF THE COMPANY ON BEHALF OF WHICH YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO ACT, OR IF YOU ARE ONE OF THE
OWNERS OR BENEFICIARIES OF THE COMPANY ON BEHALF OF WHICH YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO ACT.
IF YOU ARE EITHER A CITIZEN OR PERMANENT RESIDENT OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA (TAX OR
OTHERWISE), OR YOU HAVE A PRIMARY RESIDENCE OR DOMICILE IN THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA
(TAX OR OTHERWISE), YOU MAY NOT BE ELIGIBLE TO BUY CRYPTOCURRENCY IN ANY FORM AND/OR BY
ANY MEANS IN ACCORDANCE TO LOCAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS.
3

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

INTRODUCTION
The innovation that has been carried out by technology in this modern age transcends human
imagination. The ideas are going crazy, and it’s going to become even crazier in years to come. The only
permanent thing in life is change. Technology is changing every part of our daily lives. One of the most
important aspects of human life that has received considerable attention of technology is the financial
sector; technology is revolutionizing the way financial transactions are being done all over the world via
the introduction of cryptocurrency into the financial market.
Bulleon is not just another digital asset service, it will be a product combination with a massive amount
of high skilled labor input. Bulleon is a Universal digital asset platform, which is also aimed at building
a strong, concept-driven currency that offers the chance to see profits and gains considerably snappier
and can take benefits out more effortlessly. Bulleon will provide customer user-friendly tools to satisfy
his all the digital resource needs and help comfortably navigate the crypto world. The customer only
needs to focus on his own business, not its technical difficulties.
Our strategy to make Bulleon mighty and respectable is simple and unique in the cryptomarket. Bulleon
will raise funds by directly selling its token, turning supporters and investors into users. Our ICO will
offer 96% of our total Bulleon supply in a total of 10 phases, and each phase will contain 760,000BUL
for a fixed price. All funds raised at the development stage will be re-invested into further development,
expansion, and promotion of the Bulleon guaranteeing a quicker growth rate and increased popularity.
Bulleon is backed by an ever-growing team of highly experienced professionals, at present there are
16 seasoned veterans working on the project and the speed will accelerate as we continue to reach
our quarterly targets. We believe that millions of people need this kind of service, on top of that
the “digital asset” -audience is growing by one hundred thousand new users every day.

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

01. MARKET ANALYSIS
1.1. Blockchain Industry: Current Market Analysis
Companies around the world have been developing solid applications using the Blockchain technology.
The financial sectors including banks and other payment processing institutions have begun exploring
ways to incorporate the technology into their systems to improve efficiency, security, and speed of
transactions and information.
Other sectors that are adopting the use the revolutionizing technology are the medical industry, the
legal industry, government institutions in managing vital data. The growth of the Blockchain technology
in 2017 was the highest in the history of the digital assets since the internet. It was a year of explosive
growth and the market experienced real breakthroughs in Blockchain technology applications across
the sectors mentioned, among others. The cryptocurrency prices, led by bitcoin, were increasing;
culminating in all-time highs at the end of 2017.
The skyrocketing prices have brought the global attention to the technology as institutions and
companies around the world desire to tap into the benefits of the technology. Extreme high accuracy,
proved security and the ability to verify information especially monetary transactions and secure online
payments and money transfers are just but a few byproducts of the Blockchain revolution. It is not only
the companies that have been reaping the benefits of this technology but also individuals have had a lot
to gain as well.
Data from leading job sites in the United States show an increasing number of Blockchain
related jobs. The jobs tripled in 2018 indicating that the industry is growing at a fast pace of about
207% from December 2017.

5

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

There is a considerable growth in Major Bitcoin and cryptocurrency trading exchanges showing that the
global market has in the last one year been recording new user signups per day going beyond 10,000.
Most cryptocurrency exchanges are struggling to keep up with the growing numbers. Some of these
exchanges include Coinbase (GDAX), Binance, Bittrexx, Bitstamp, and Kraken. The growth is so high to
the extent that some of these exchanges have ceased new member sign-ups while others are
upgrading their systems to handle the volumes. Exchanges like Coinbase, Bitstamp, Kraken, and
Binance are valued to be worth more than $10+ billion.
The Global Blockchain market is still growing and the numbers will continue to surge. The current systems
are already overwhelmed. The market needs a platform that can handle this type of data; a platform
that is all in one where users can manage cryptocurrency accounts and access trading from one central
digital asset application. The market requires a platform that has features such as digital asset exchange,
peer-to-peer lending, cloud mining, biometric authentication as well debit card transactions from all
over the world. All these features need to be accessible on an application that can withstand the global
Blockchain market growth.

1.2. Blockchain: The 21st Century Unicorn

The world is changing the way problems are solved and we have the Blockchain revolution to thank
for the amazing solutions. The introduction of Artificial Intelligence (AI, Internet of Things (IoT and the
Blockchain is proof that humankind is on a different level of technology and the solutions to the problems
are quite achievable and within reach. The Blockchain revolution exceeds the “.com” revolution more
than a decade ago. Despite the fact that the internet received a lot of criticism, in the beginning, it has
grown to achieve the unimaginable, creating great opportunities and multi-billion companies that have
prospered with it. The Blockchain is set to transform the world if it hasn’t already. The technology has
already brought new applications in industries such as finance, supply chain, trading, and medicine.
The public ledger Blockchain, for instance, Bitcoin and Ethereum are already enabling people and
organizations to transfer monetary value confidently without fear because of the security and accuracy
offered Blockchain. The transfer of funds is also fast in comparison to the traditional money transfer
6

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

systems offered by banking institutions. The people want to take control of their finances and get rid of
the middleman; the Blockchain has brought this to reality. The technology keeps improving as companies
explore different ways to improve the Blockchain.
Cryptocurrencies are the future of money and are eliminating the traditional electronic money transfer
systems. The incorruptible digital ledger will in future ensure that people can send money across the
borders without worrying about fraud and loss. Major Banks have begun to use Blockchain to rewrite the
financial markets to bring optimized cash management to the customers. The same banking institutions
are keen on transforming online payments and it’s only the Blockchain technology that can make this
kind of change to the financial industry.
On the other hand, the health industry will in future incorporate Blockchain for medical data record
keeping. The current healthcare data is distributed across the various health providers. Some of these
records are not accessible from another city or country. Lack of a way to retrieve health information
endangers patients’ lives especially if the data is vital to the treatment. Having the Blockchain technology
in the health industry to store data will ensure that health providers access the information from
anywhere in the world fast and accurately for better treatment.
Huge tech corporations like IBM believe that the future is wrapped around the Blockchain. People will have
financial transparency in their finances. People are able to buy stocks using digital currencies. The stock
markets are being transformed and growing with the adoption of the Blockchain. The trading industry
especially cryptocurrency trading is growing with every passing day. A future without Blockchain is not
a future worth waiting for. The future of the world will be intertwined in in the Blockchain technology.
The people should expect solutions to major world problems from Blockchain and related applications.
The growth of the Blockchain industry and technology will continue into the future. Investment in the
technology now will guarantee a good future for both individual investors and organizations as well.

1.3. Utilizing Blockchain for Big Data
Big data and Blockchain are technologies that have individual capacities that can transform the way
business will be conducted in future. The two technologies are powerful separately, however, when
combined they become a forceful revolution to be reckoned with and the benefits that can be reaped
from the pair are immense. Big data refers to huge data sets which are voluminous and much more
complex for traditional data progressing application software to deal with. Big data has a number of
challenges including data storage, capturing data, data analysis, searching, sharing, transfer, information
as well as visualization.
On the other hand, Blockchain is a distributed public ledger system that stores and manages transactions.
The transactions are recorded in a block. The block of transactions is linked in order to the previous
block forming the Blockchain. Copies of the processed transactions are sent to the members on the
network of computers making it very difficult to duplicate or alter the records. Blockchain technology is
secure in design as the data is distributed to multiple systems on the network.
Since the introduction of big data in the early 2000s, it has gradually transformed many enterprises data
7

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

processing and management systems. As mentioned earlier, big data has many issues. It is, therefore,
crucial to understand how Blockchain is providing the solutions to the challenges. Business like financial
institutions have huge volumes of data and sometimes these data proves difficult to retrieve and analyze
using the traditional software. These huge data lakes containing the history of financial data in this case
transactions, if stored and distributed on the Blockchain decentralized system will be available at any
given time.

Consequently, Blockchain brings data integrity for the fact that the data stored is incorruptible and
shared in the database in blocks that are licked to one another. The analysis, however, will not be done
by Blockchain but using big data and the accompanying tools. Blockchain will allow providers in the
healthcare industry to share their records with insurers, employers, and even justice departments.
When it comes to banks, Blockchain works together with big data analytics to avoid double spending
and achieve real-time transactions that are fast and accurate. The banks are able to identify the risk and
share the information among interested parties.
Real-time analyses are a pipe dream for many businesses. Businesses desire to spot fraud in real-time
and the Blockchain technology coupled with big data analysis has made it possible. The database is
made accessible on the Blockchain platform and the big data goes ahead to provide analysis. Big data
has benefited from the transparency offered by the Blockchain technology. Transparent data helps
businesses read the trend in the market and get the real picture. User experience recorded on the
Blockchain platform will help the companies predict behavior patterns that are accurate and useful.
Big data benefits from the Blockchain technology are endless including monetization of data collected
and distributed at a fee to users on the Blockchain system. Businesses have numerous ways to
transform big data tools solutions to get the real-time market temperature that will allow discounts to
be given to customers at the right time. Blockchain in data monetization could lead to the creation of
new marketplaces that thrive on analytical data that is shared in real-time.
8

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

1.4. Bulleon – Decentralized ICO
It is crucial to realize that, although every Blokchain start-up and its ICO in the market is unique, to
certain levels, all of them depend on a similar structure. Consequently, Bulleon is different when
compared to other ICOs; however, it nevertheless endeavors to finance the operation and execution of
the business plan through the ICO and employs the same structure with the rest of the ICOs.
Most of the current Blockchain start-ups are trying to raise funds through ICOs private sale. Large
portion of shares/tokens is sold to investors with huge amounts of wealth at a cost that is lower than
what is expected to be the cost in main ICO.

The funding received during the private sale is used to finance the Pre-ICO and the main ICO marketing
strategy development and execution (which is the largest expenditure during the ICO phase). In other
words, the price of tokens at the next stage is much higher for the regular investor.
We have taken a different approach to this method of funding. Bulleon has enabled the smaller
investor to participate in the early stages.
While most other ICOs sell their cheapest shares/tokens to the major investors, venture capitals, and
angels, Bulleon has a vision of decentralization of power. That means that the tokens are available for
anyone willing to acquire the shares of the company from the initial stage of funding. Bulleon is
distributing the power and opportunities regardless of the size of contribution from investors.
We are inviting all the investors and shareholders to participate in the initial stages of the ICO. It is an
opportunity to make higher returns on investment regardless of the investment you put in the project.
The ICO is open to all people from the early stages, as we usher in the new era of decentralized ICOs.
9

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

02. BULLEON STRUCTURE
2.1. ERC20 token cryptocurrency
The Blockchain technology have been utilized to provide Bulleon users with financial value. Ethereum
Blockchain has been the go-to platform when developing new tokens and coins. Bulleon is powered by
Ethereum technology, which features smart contracts that are decentralized, self-executing and work as
agreements coded in the Blockchain. Ethereum Blockchain exceeds the capabilities of Bitcoin Blockchain
to the point that most tokens of value are launched on the technology.

Consequently, the surface token has been greatly improved and is considered as one of the most exciting
developments in the cryptocurrency market. Bulleon is considered as the digital asset that goes beyond
the functions of cryptocurrencies to give users access to digital asset exchange, biometric hardware
wallet coupled with login authentication, international debit card transactions, e-commerce service
platform specialized for merchants, secure peer-topeer lending platform as well as the much sort after
cloud mining.
The ERC20 standard for tokens ensures that the digital assets are much more interchangeable. Besides,
Bulleon and other tokens issued on the ERC20 token standards are capable of working with Dapps while
at the same time, adhering to the same standards for tokens. The Dapp can easily interface with other
virtual currencies in the market even in instances where multiple tokens operate and behave in a similar
way.
The cryptocurrency market has a countless number of digital assets and virtual currencies that are not
compatible. Bulleon is built with the user interest in mind, and that is the reason it has achieved high
levels of compatibility with other tokens and projects in the market. In addition to that, ERC20 token
10

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

standardization allows Bulleon to be a natural fit in the cryptocurrency market. Moreover, Bulleon
integrates voting rights in the platform which give you “the user” the voice in future matters concerning
the project and the direction it should take. The integration of ERC20 standardization in the Bulleon
project has eliminated the fear of bugs and errors completely.

2.2. The ERC20 token standard
Ethereum offers a standardized method for creating new tokens in its Blockchain called the ERC-20
protocol. ERC-20 is not some line of code, software or technology. On the contrary, these are the
guidelines that facilitate the integration of several currencies.
Before the ERC-20, each new cryptocurrency created its account balance verification system and
initiated transfers. These methods included different functions and arguments that are not necessarily
compatible with other systems. The ERC-20 streams have the same functions, with the same names,
having the same arguments. They use a standard set of rules and guidelines that ensure that both
monetary systems can relate to each other. Since the year 2015, developers have adopted mainly the
ERC-20 standard, but then Ethereum has not imposed its use. In September 2017 Ethereum formalized
the protocol, which means that all signs in the Ethereum Blockchain must comply with the standard.
Creating an ERC-20 compliant cryptocurrency in Ethereum implies that the new streams have immediate
interoperability in the Ethereum Blockchain.

2.3. Bulleon as a token
The Bulleon is a hybrid token; the token is both, a security and utility token. Bulleon is designed
to be a precious possession in the growing cryptocurrency market. We give Bulleon owners control
over their money without compromising on convenience. Therefore, a token that was not only a
store of value as a cryptocurrency, but also a means to be part of the Bulleon team; sharing
dividends, profit-shares and voting rights to the owners of Bulleon was imminent.
As a security token, Bulleon highly regards the owners of the token.
The success does not belong to Bulleon board members only; it is
shared among the investors by sharing profit and dividends, in
addition to that, owners have voting rights inside the corporation.
Voting rights give the owners the voice to shape Bulleon for the future.
On the other hand, as a cryptocurrency token, Bulleon is a store of
value and a great medium of exchange. It is built on the ERC20 token
standardization requirements that achieve total decentralization.
Bulleon tokens are not issued nor are they regulated by any central
authority. Bulleon joins other cryptocurrencies in the market as a
functional currency capable of multi-platform value exchange.
The token is tradable on the exchanges, besides the Bulleon network gives the owner access to a number
of exchanges where they can buy and sell other cryptocurrencies. Similarly, it is not regulated by any
laws put in place to regulate fiat currency or by e-money laws.
11

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

It is essential to note that the supply of Bulleon tokens is capped and no one will ever create more
tokens in future. The tokens cannot be moved to another address, or otherwise, manage Bulleon inside
the ICO smart-contract. Furthermore, even the Bulleon has no mandate to manage the tokens inside
the ICO smart-contract. These measures have been put in place to ensure that the only way to acquire
the tokens is by purchasing them out of the contract. The investors’ peace of mind is paramount to the
growth of Bulleon and the token decentralization process.

2.4. Why we chose Ethereum ERC20 token standard
as our main token?
To better understand the Ethereum ERC20 token standard, it is essential to know why it is difficult to
create new applications and currencies in the original Bitcoin Blockchain. The Bitcoin Blockchain has
some problems that make it a bad choice for ICOs. These problems are highlighted below.
1. Bitcoin Blockchain is not a more general-purpose program: What distinguishes Bitcoin from
not being a more general-purpose program is its design as a monetary system. Therefore, the
ledger of the account balance is its internal program state. This means we can easily set up a
new Bitcoin wallet for our ICO, but writing a program that calculates and distributes the tokens
on top of that wallet is difficult. So, to execute ICO contracts, a more general-purpose program
state is needed
2. Security Issues: Talking of security, Bitcoin cannot be referred to as a Turingcomplete scripting
system. This is because a Turing-complete scripting system can find answers to any computable
problem when given enough time and memory. In general, two things are required by a Turingcomplete scripting system: firstly, the ability to repeat or ignore instructions when certain
conditions are met, and secondly, the ability to store data as a variable. Indeed, Bitcoin Blockchain
is not a Turingcomplete scripting system.
One of the main reasons why Bitcoin is not a Turing-complete system is because it does not
support programming loops as a security measure. The programming loops will activate a
DOS (denial of service) attack because the attacker can tell the miners to make infinite
loops. However, this is a problem when it comes to implementing ICOs, because loops allow
developers to check and recalculate data. An effective crowdsale requires the calculation of
the total contribution after each new investor, then the closing of the ICO is determined after
certain conditions have been met, and the tokens are distributed to investors during ICO based
on an algorithm.
3. Longer Block time (Slow Confirmation): Finally, the block time of Bitcoin is too long for a
cryptocurrency or ICO to be feasible or achieved. At 10 minutes per block, transactions could
take over an hour to clear and then be verified after they are few blocks deep within the chain.
This means that new contributions to the crowd-sale will only be checked after one hour, and
any later ICO steps will be postponed or delayed.

12

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

2.5. Why we chose Ethereum ecosystem to drive our ICO
Ethereum, a multi-purpose program: Ethereum stores a tree of program states by using a complex
data structure called the Merkle Patricia Tree, which allows for faster changes and tests of the
different rules required to run the ICO. Instead of having a single transaction ledger, multiple
programs in the Ethereum Blockchain allow smart contracts to automatically calculate the amount
of funds raised; test and confirm transactions; and distribute new tokens during the crowdsale or
at the end of it.
Ethereum is Turing Complete: Ethereum (which was created to correct Bitcoin flaws) is a Turing-complete
system. The instructions in the program code of Ethereum are processed using what we call “gas”
payment. Gas encourages miners to provide their GPU power to run programs in Ethereum Blockchain.
If there is no more gas left to run the transaction; it will be canceled. This avoids infinite loops and DOS
attacks on the ICO since each execution has been finally canceled. Because of this, an attacker can’t deny
service to our crowdsale due to denial of service attacks because ICO are more secure on Ethereum
networks.
Ethereum uses GHOST protocol: The Greedy Heaviest Observed Subtree (GHOST) protocol of Ethereum
makes it possible to create blocks faster without compromising the security of its Blockchain. This means
that ICO transactions are processed more quickly. When it comes to dealing with the crowdsale of new
tokens; transactions can quickly be verified and added to the overall amount derived from the crowdsale
of new tokens. Without sacrificing the security and integrity of the Blockchain, the distribution of the new
tokens occurs quickly.

2.6. Milestones
Timeline
• Q4/2017 - Project launch
• Q4/2017 - Bounty program launch
• Q1/2018 - Decentralized ICO launch
• Q1/2018 - Official marketing campaign launch
• Q1/2018 - Recruitment & selection hiring process launch
• Q2/2018 - The establishment of a headquarters
• Q2/2018 - The beginning of Bulleon platform development
• Q2/2018 - BUL Token crowdsale is started (Smart-contract)
• Q3/2018 - MVP is officially released
• Q1/2019 - First alpha/beta versions of Bulleon are released
• Q1/2019 - Client accounts pre-registration begins
• Q2/2019 - Limited number of consumers get access to functional Bulleon ecosystem
• Q2/2019 - First customer satisfaction benchmarking
• Q3/2019 - The commercial activity of the company has begun
13

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

After the completion of the ICO
• Listing on major exchanges
• Maintaining brand awareness
• Close cooperation with the BUL owners
Phase-by-Phase milestones during the ICO
• Phase 1 - Preparing a transparent structure and commercial activity plan of the company
• Phase 2 - iOS/Android/Windows/Mac/Web app development start
• Phase 3 - Cloud mining platform and datacenter
• Phase 4 - Bulleon International Debit Card
• Phase 5 - Independent cryptocurrency trading platform
• Phase 6 - E-Commerce payment gateway for Merchants
• Phase 7 – Peer-2-peer lending platform
• Phase 8 - Biometric hardware wallet & login authentication
• Phase 9 - Integration of services into a single active platform
• Phase 10 - The first payment of dividends and launch of a full-fledged commercial activity

2.6.1. Phase 1 - Preparing a transparent structure
and commercial activity plan of the company – aka
establishing a business model as transparent and
adaptable as the Blockchain
Bulleon’s initial marketing strategy is being guided by the current market analysis (ref. to section
1.1) which will be refreshed quarterly through scheduled in-house and external market research as
new competitors and new functionalities are connected to the Blockchain. The market research, in
combination with SWOT analysis conducted on no less than a quarterly basis, will identify opportunities
for refining marketing and promotion as clarity on the Blockchain revolution emerges.
•

Promotion - initial marketing of Bulleon will focus on Bulleon’s ability to build upon the Ethereum
Blockchain’s value proposition with respect to security, privacy, wealth building, incorruptibility, and
non-discriminatory and non-jurisdictional accessibility and will focus on establishing Bulleon as the
all-in-one platform to manage, trade, lend, mine, and authenticate cryptocurrency.

•

Competitive analysis – Bulleon will conduct simple research and analysis of other digital currencies along with
other Blockchain technology. Bulleon will not limit its potential to the cryptocurrency space but will innovate
and organically position itself where there is demand in terms of other products and services on the Blockchain.

•

Audience – Bulleon will run concurrent marketing campaigns to both prospective token holders and
to other potential partners in the Blockchain innovation space.

•

Marketing mix – in response to its ongoing market analysis, the marketing mix will be a rotating
blend of social media, paid media (online ads), earned media (publicity gained through industry14

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

leading expertise, i.e. guest blogging, conference appearances, article contribution), and word of
mouth. The Bounty Program described in section 4.10 will incent and reward translators, bloggers,
and commentators for their promotional efforts. The majority of proceeds will be committed to
marketing efforts – an aggressive approach that will be fueled by the Force Gathering Whirl of Bulleon.

2.6.1.1. A decentralized workforce for a decentralized
digital asset service
Bulleon is backed by an ever-growing team of highly experienced professionals and recruitment will
accelerate as we continue to reach our quarterly targets. We believe millions of people need this kind
of service, on top of that the “digital asset” audience is growing by one hundred thousand new users
every day.
While the principals of Bulleon live in Helsinki, Finland, contract specialists are working around the
world and the company and communication tools will be structured to support cross-border employee/
contractor collaboration in keeping with the decentralization ethos that drives Bulleon. It is expected that
each phase of the project will be led by a project team (branch) that, thanks to collaboration technology,
can operate on a decentralized basis.

2.6.1.2. Executive Summary
The future of the world will be intertwined in the Blockchain technology. People will soon be demanding
solutions to major world problems using the Blockchain and related applications. Fixing the current
international currency system is the logical first start. Bulleon is in the business of helping to consolidate
the Blockchain’s currency potential into a full economic system. Investment into this technology—as
easy as the purchase of tokens—will guarantee results exponentially beyond what the current economic
system can deliver.
Bulleon is not just another digital asset service; its purpose is to provide end users with everyday digital
asset-related services from a single place, operating on a massive operation of high-skilled labor input.
As a currency, Bulleon is a shareholder’s certificate with voting rights and the right to receive dividends
through Bulleon’s operating income. The concept of Bulleon is a safe, user-friendly, clear and attractive
digital asset service that will allow users to navigate the crypto world seamlessly. Through its model,
Bulleon will be able to harness the knowledge from its success in its primary usage to scale and adapt to
the growing uses of the Blockchain for the betterment of its users.

2.6.1.3 Business strategy
Current position
Bulleon is in the first stage of its 10-phase trajectory: Preparing a transparent structure and commercial
activity. The present focus is on expanding the expertise by recruiting skilled experts and employees and
completing the marketing and planning steps outlined in this section. See section 2.5 for the full timeline.

15

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

Competitive advantage
Bulleon is distinguished in the marketplace by its operation as a fully integrated system on which a cryptocurrency
is offered via universal access that can be managed, traded, stored, and exchanged, and can support
transactional activity like redemption for fiat money through an international debit card, and hassle-free peerto-peer lending in fiat currency. Bulleon transactions are protected through state-of-the-art biometrics.
Growth plan
See section 4.3 for a description of Bulleon’s ICO phase structure. Since Bulleon operates on a model
of openness and access to all, future movements of Bulleon will be democratically decided as all token
holders will have an equal opportunity to vote on initiatives and expansion. Development and execution
of this concept will require significant human resources in the form of financial planning and management
professionals including specialists in financial statements, internal accounting, management accounting,
payment transactions, payroll accounting, budgeting, profitability, taxation, legislation, finance and
project management. Recruitment for the position of CFO will precede this recruitment initiative.

2.6.1.4 Benchmarking the revolutionary
Bulleon will implement a state-of-the-art benchmarking discipline to measure its progress toward its
overall marketing objectives in the areas of ease of use, availability, speed, security and user support
against identified competitors. Regular reviews of these objectives will provide feedback and possible
corrective actions on a timely basis. Benchmarking results will be transparent and openly shared with
employees and subscribers through a digital dashboard application.

2.6.1.5 Budgeting, forecasting and finance
management in a decentralized model
In the traditional economy, projects of this scale involve private sales, seed funding, venture capital
funding, etc. behind the scenes before anyone is aware of the offering. Bulleon embraces an opposite
ethos where the Bulleon ICO will be decentralized, meaning all tokens will be available to all people in
the market from the beginning.
Bulleon will raise funds by directly selling its token, turning supporters and investors into users. Our ICO
will offer 95.2% of our total Bulleon supply in a total of 10 phases, and each phase will contain 760,000BUL
for a fixed price. All funds raised at the development stage will be re-invested into further development,
expansion, and promotion of the Bulleon, guaranteeing a quicker growth rate and increased popularity.
See section 4.4 for the distribution of Bulleon proceeds. Bulleon will establish a public relations campaign
to demonstrate the lack of insider involvement in its universal governance.

2.6.1.6 Researching legal details and locating solutions
Bulleon will be operating in the cryptocurrency market; therefore, the regulation in the market will affect
us as well. The Bulleon team is aware of the temperature in the market and research is underway to
determine the current regulations in the Blockchain industry. The SEC intends to have tokens offered as
securities to be registered for operation.
16

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

Consequently, this phase will give Bulleon team an opportunity to research the regulations that apply
to the critical business activities. A successful cryptocurrency project understands its duties to the
employees and the investors alike. Moreover, Human Resource management is an integral part of
Bulleon. The talents of the employees in Bulleon will be managed to ensure that every employee can
yield as expected. Bulleon treasures the input of every member of the team.
The location of a project is very crucial to the success of any company or business. Bulleon will be tasked
with choosing the exact location for the project management: The headquarters as well the branches
for ease of operation. A team of researchers will undertake a feasibility study to determine the most
suitable location for the project. It is also essential to realize that, as a corporation, the need to have legal
representation is paramount to the success of Bulleon. Therefore, Bulleon team will seek to acquire the
best legal advice in the cryptocurrency market. The most efficient legal advice will help us be proactive
to avoid being caught up in unnecessary problems with the law.
Another critical aspect of Bulleon is being tax compliant. Taxation advice is necessary for efficient running
of the project. Different jurisdictions have different tax requirements. The legal team will ensure that the
company is ready to comply with the set regulations.
Business licenses and permit acquisition will be done efficiently by the experts at Bulleon. Bulleon team
is aware that this should be done in time as the project approaches the launching stages.

2.6.2 Phase 2 - iOS/Android/Windows/Mac/Web app
development start
To achieve a seamless integration of all its services into a single active platform, Bulleon is kick starting
the app development phase to give users ease of access to all the brand’s amazing services from the
comfort of their homes, offices or on the go. With the Bulleon app, users can sync across devices and
perform different activities on the system with real-time access to the crucial information they need.
Purpose of the Bulleon App
Among other things the Bulleon app serves the following purposes for users and the platform:
• All-in-One Service: All Bulleon crypto services are offered in one unified UI
• Security: All data is encrypted in the app before it is sent to the network
• Privacy: Data presented in the app is cleaned from any form of personal information identifying
patterns
• Simplicity: Simple interface abstracts Bulleon network’s complexity for the everyday user.
• Sell Functionality: Users can choose to selectively sell anonymized data to trusted entities in
return for Bulleon tokens

Key Elements of App Development Phase
Mobile App UX Design: End users do not need to interact with complicated wallets because Bulleon
provides a simple to use cross-platform mobile and web app with UI and UX that represents the
best creativity in the business.
17

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

Service Backend Development: Here we are developing API plugins, Bulleon engine optimization,
and UI connectivity. This involves developing a Sidechain Support functionality (explorer and security)
which allows users to inspect the blocks, transactions, and account balances of any sidechain. This
will provide a consistent, transparent, and easy to access viewpoint of each sidechain to all users.
This also involves implementing validated hashes of individual sidechain states, at configurable
checkpoint intervals to ensure there is some basic validation of sidechain integrity and provide
payback to the parent network.
Smart Contract Support: Smart contracts are an interesting concept for many different usecases,
and we believe it would be extremely interesting to implement a smart contract VM natively into
the Bulleon App SDK. In the future, Bulleon can decide which smart contract languages it wants
to support, or if it can even develop JavaScript smart contracts on its own. App Integration with
Bittrex: With this, Bulleon guarantees users an SSL-protected transaction environment so that they
can rest easy about the safety of their funds and personal information.

The Bulleon App Models
The models for both web and mobile operating systems are explained below.
Mobile OS
The mobile-first approach is the mantra for tech and indeed most online businesses today. No
organization can ignore the increasing use of mobile apps to engage their user and increase
brand loyalty. As a result, Bulleon’s approach is to use the most pragmatic and cost-effective
mobile app development model to achieve our goal. To this end, the team has decided to build
on the React Native mobile app development model. Our preference for this is based on the
following calculations:
• It’s an All-in-One Cross Platform Model. This eliminates the hassles of having to write
separately for Android, Windows and iOS apps on different platforms. With React Native we can
write all of them in one place and save a huge chunk of time and budget.
• Easier Transition from Web to Mobile: React Native functionality provides a smooth UI that
makes it easier to transition into mobile development from a web background.
• Powered by JavaScript — That’s one language to rule all.
• Ability to quickly push updates directly to a published app — bypassing the app store review
process and timeline.
Additionally, the number of top-level businesses (including Facebook, Walmart, Airbnb, etc.) who
have leveraged on RN’s model also validates its usefulness, maturity, and stability.
Web OS
For the complete implementation of the project, it is critical to developing an exchange application
that is web-based for the most optimal user experience. Like the mobile process, the web
experience is optimized for both Windows and Mac operating systems using Electron software.
The idea is to create a seamless cross-platform user experience on the Bulleon ecosystem with
an embedded API via a backend service that both iOS and Android devices can use. This will allow
for the creation of accounts, request for deposits and transfers, cryptocurrency to fiat exchange
proxy APIs and management of bank accounts. Afterward, a backend portal will be implemented
into the exchange application, which will allow the user to modify the information on his profile.
18

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

Conclusion
It is pertinent to state that Bulleon apps development will continue throughout the life of the
project. This constant development is because (besides innovation) building and maintaining
a decentralized application is fundamentally different from an application using client-server
architecture.

2.6.3 Phase 3 - Cloud mining platform and data-center
construction start
After months of delicate evaluation of selected digital assets, all done according to market situation
analyses, mining challenges, and other factors, Bulleon has gathered enough information and is now
set to roll out this phase with a master plan to build a data center in a country that is friendly to cryptomining. The datacenter is one with the requisite good conditions such as climate, electricity prices, political
attitudes amongst other variables. The execution of this phase of the Bulleon ICO project represents a
major test of its resolve to stand out in the cryptocurrency ecosystem.

Why Bulleon Cloud?
As a unique window for global wealth creation in the digital currency evolution, cloud mining or cloud
hashing is a concept which allows users to buy mining power of the hardware placed in remote data
centers. With the growth of digital assets price, Bulleon hopes to be able to make a profit for investors
around the world - anyone can join us and get a stable source of income.
With Bulleon’s industrial cloud mining setup, everyone can now buy hash power and start mining quickly,
instead of waiting for the delivery of solo mining hardware which could waste valuable resources. With
Bulleon cloud mining users never have to send back faulty equipment or troubleshoot new hardware
because our base, the cloud, is big enough to accommodate everyone.
The data center is tasked with providing users with hardware that works and will absorb the cost of
hardware failure, maintenance, and configuration to provide users guaranteed uptime and payout.

Key Functionalities
Instant Activation: Buy hash power and start mining quickly, instead of waiting for delivery of mining
hardware which could waste valuable time.
Environment-Friendly Experience: Mining hardware are notoriously noisy and generate extreme heat.
By using cloud mining, you don’t have to put up with any of the noise and heat.
No Maintenance Fee for BUL owners: When you buy a mining contract from Bulleon there is no extra
maintenance fee applied for the whole contract duration.
No Risk of Hardware Failure: Because we have made the right investment in equipping our data center
and have replaced hardware mining with the cloud.
19

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

2.6.4. Phase 4 - Bulleon International Debit Card

Imagine paying for a bottle of Coke in one of your travels to another part of the world without ever having
to worry about foreign exchange! That and more is possible through a smart deployment of Blockchain
cryptocurrency technology on even the tiniest forex transaction by way of The Bulleon International
Debit Card. Our technology enables holders to connect their Blockchain assets to real-world payment
platforms, offering quick, reliable and affordable withdrawals all over the world. Integrated with all
other services on the Bulleon platform (Exchange, Mobile/iOS/Android/Web app), the debit cards are
wellpositioned to serve as a one-stop hub for seamless interaction between the Blockchain ecosystems
and the real world.

Why Choose Bulleon Debit Card
There is no doubt that the application of Blockchain to everyday activities will keep making business
transactions easier and faster. To this end, Bulleon’s international debit card affords the global business
environment the following unique value chain:
1. A Boost to Globalization: With Bulleon International Debit Card, everyone can harness the power of
Blockchains for travels and other transactions by enjoying access to multiple virtual currencies across
different Blockchains.
2. Real Freedom and Control: Convert your Bulleons and other cryptocurrencies into FIAT whenever you
need, easily through Bulleon mobile or web app. It’s easy to exchange and load your Bulleon card with
funds from Bulleon Wallet. Use your card anywhere major cards are accepted. You can also send and
receive funds all in one app. Withdraw from any ATM around the world. Receive real-time notifications
when the card is used. Lock or unlock your card whenever you wish to. All at your fingertips Benefits
3. Convenience and Real-time Transparent Rates: Holders can spend their virtual currencies directly
and conveniently anywhere around the globe with complete ease of mind, just like how they spend their
local currency — at a faster rate and the most cost-effective transaction processing rates - no additional
fees imposed.
20

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

For instance, when a holder pays with the Bulleon debit card at a store that doesn’t accept cryptocurrency,
the cryptocurrency is immediately converted to fiat currency on the spot without the recipient ever
knowing about it. This feature is convenient for digital currency owners and allows them to make faster
purchases or other forms of payments or receipts with their crypto coins on a day-to-day basis.
4.Easy Application: You don’t need to undergo a credit check when you apply for a Bulleon debit card.
The card also supports multiple nationalities with an option for e-residency.
5.Easy Top Ups: Holders can top up their debit card via a Blockchain assets address either on the website
or through mobile apps.
6. Wide Usage Area: Because the card supports multiple currencies, holders can spend money at the
point of sale machines worldwide. Bulleon also supports cloud services, and online shopping is available

2.6.5. Phase 5 - Cryptocurrency trading platform
(Bulleon Exchange)
The purpose of the Bulleon Exchange is to provide an investment multiplex for traders and users at
all levels. Bulleon believes that every single person can become a successful trader as long as they
have access to the right tools and trading styles. That is why the trading platform is designed to work
seamlessly with integrations for Android, IOS, and web operating systems. Additionally, inbuilt APIs will
allow users to view the progress of multiple exchanges at a glance with highly accurate (80%+) Bulleon
propriety trading signals which can guide investors making the best decisions.
The goal is to offer the most liquid exchange website in the world, leveraging on the most advanced
software to enable traders and users to easily exchange Bulleon and a host of other altcoins, providing
quality order types and liquidity to help traders take advantage of every situation.

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

Key Features
1. Simplicity and Ease of Trading: Bulleon exchange software offers users a suite of order types for
every scenario and guarantees the convenience of a simple and quick process, with the additional
promise of keeping users informed of the latest changes in crypto trends.
2. User-friendly interface and competitive rates: Bulleon allows users to work on using the platform
according to their requirement, making it possible to customize according to their user experience based
on their preferences for the theme, notifications, and presentation of figures section
3. Affiliate Program: Earn with Bulleon! Offer favorable terms to your customers and make a profit!
4. Third-party API Integration: Because Bulleon Exchange is designed to create digital asset trading
applications & trading tools, its API integration plug-in helps users to discover all the cryptocurrency
trading possibilities, create their trading charts, edit order types & trading positions, and track trading
history and crypto wallets movements.
5. Reliable Protection of Funds: To protect your funds our platform will use a cold storage system.
Bulleon is equipped with advanced verification features that help users ascertain the honesty of traders,
ensure withdrawals protection and enable advanced API key permissions. To achieve this, Bulleon
Exchange uses a combination of digital wallet options to ensure maximum security.
With these multi wallet features, users can trade freely and securely without depending on third-party
platform. These options include hardware wallet, cold wallet, desktop wallet, mobile wallet and paper
wallet.
Additionally, the UI design also provides an extra layer of security by enabling users to restrict access to
their accounts by using a biometric and two-factor authentication system.

Using Bulleon Trading Platform
The following simple processes are involved in interfacing with the Bulleon Exchange platform:
Bulleon Sign up: The simple, user-friendly interface makes the process of signing up to the Bulleon
exchange platform very easy and straightforward either for token holders or those hearing about the
Bulleon ICO for the first time.
Funding: After signing up users can choose from a multitude of digital currencies, but it is recommended
to do so with the Bulleon token.
Trading: Once the account is funded users are ready for trading, exchanging and investing in various
digital currency pairs. Bulleon offers plenty of choices, as it supports all major digital currencies, and
even new ICO listings and their respective tokens.

22

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

Supported Cryptocurrencies: Traders can use the platform for multiple digital currencies, including,
but not limited to Bulleon, Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Bitcoin Gold, Ethereum, Ethereum Classic, EOS, Dash,
Litecoin, NEO, GAS, Zcash, Dash, Ripple and more. As mentioned before, Bulleon also supports numerous
tokens, as part of ICO listings. With this in mind, traders can use the platform to trade these tokens for
a profit as well.
Bulleon Customer Support: We place a premium on Customer Service because we know it is key to the
success of every exchange on the platform. Live support features are currently being deployed both for
chat and calls.
Based on the above service outlay, it is safe to be optimistic that Bulleon is poised to become the leading
Cryptocurrency Exchange in the world. This is predictably so because of its operating principle of offering
great fees and awesome digital currency support service. All of that combined with the human and
financial resources from partnerships and direct investment at the firm’s disposal, chances are that
Bulleon will continue to evolve and offer great digital currency exchange services to its clients.

2.6.6 Phase 6 - Bulleon E-Commerce Payment
Gateway for Merchants
As more businesses embrace the e-commerce model, the need for efficient payment gateways and
shopping carts integration services in the transaction cycle has been increased. Bulleon payments
gateway for merchants represents a one-stop solution in this direction.
This tool enables merchants to receive cryptocurrency/Bulleon (BUL) and facilitates it’s easy as well as
aid merchant accounts in their interaction with other Bulleon services and tools (Bulleon Debit card,
Exchange, Bulleon Mobile/iOS/Android/Web app).
Key Features of Our Service:
• Point of sale for merchants
• Integration with Bulleon Debit card
• Bulleon Exchange API (crypto to fiat and reverse conversion service)
• In-store Payments (Merchant can accept cryptocurrencies for e-commerce and physical stores)
• Easy integration on e-commerce platforms
• Accept cryptocurrencies in physical stores with Bulleon app (Instant FIAT/crypto convert
possibility)
• Easy reporting tools
• Web Payment Buttons
• E-commerce integration with any external systems or tools
Existing E-Commerce Payment Models and Their Shortcomings
The existing traditional payment gateway model integrates into an e-commerce website’s shopping cart
by collecting payment information provided by customers at the check-out. The gateway then encrypts
23

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

the data and transmits it to the card issuing bank for authorization. The authorization response is then
sent to the merchant and is displayed to the cardholder. In essence, the payment gateway serves for
web-based merchants the same purpose that a point-of-sale (POS) terminal does for brick-and-mortar
businesses. Apart from slow transaction speed, this model means cardholders share a lot of personal
information in the process and ultimately get to pay, sometimes double, processing charges.
The Bulleon Advantage
Unlike the traditional payment gateway model above, Bulleon e-commerce payment gateway brings
on board Blockchain smart contracts crypto technology to speed up the process more securely
and privately, eliminating the issue of double transaction charges while doing so. With the Bulleon
merchant account service, merchants can accept cryptocurrency in place of fiat through a seamless
connection of the merchant’s physical and/or virtual check-out tools with Bulleon’s crypto-fiat
exchange interface.

How it works
(a) For Non-Crypto Cardholders
1. The cardholder fills out an online payment information form to pay for a purchase at an ecommerce
website’s check-out.
2. The Bulleon gateway interfaces between cardholder’s bank and converts cardholder’s input into
cryptocurrency through Bulleon Exchange API.
3. The Bulleon gateway then connects the merchant’s physical and/or virtual check-out tools with
Bulleon’s Exchange API to process payment.
4. The merchant can decide to convert sales back to fiat via the Bulleon Exchange API or retain payment
in cryptocurrency
(b) For Bulleon Debit Card Holders
For Bulleon Cardholders the process is even simpler.
1. The cardholder pays for anything on merchant check-out with their card by inputting the value of their
purchase on the Bulleon gateway web, app or physical point of sales button. Instant validation takes
place and transaction is done. No bank, card issuer or processor downtime or charges!
2. The merchant can decide to convert sales back to fiat via the Bulleon Exchange API or retain payment
in cryptocurrency
(c) For Other Cryptocurrency Card Holders
1. The cardholder pays for anything on merchant check-out with their card by inputting the value of their
purchase on the Bulleon gateway web, app or physical point of sales button.
Bulleon Exchange API then converts the cryptocurrency to Bulleon and adds the full payment to
merchant’s Bulleon account settlement.
2. The merchant can decide to convert sales back to fiat via the Bulleon Exchange API or retain payment
in cryptocurrency

Integration with Any External Systems or Tools
Using our Bulleon Exchange API, JavaScript API & webhooks, merchants can supercharge their e-commerce
platform integration: connect with inventory management systems, dropshipping solutions, email
24

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

marketing platforms, POS solutions, CRMs, and use Bulleon encrypted data bank with their favorite tools
to create an efficient omnichannel shopping experience!
Our feature-rich gateway processes online card payments as well as popular alternative payment
methods from any device (mobile/laptop/in-app) in a secure, fast and consistent manner. The gateway
is highly reliable and is designed to provide high availability, even in times of peak transaction volumes.
A single integration enables access to a variety of innovative solutions and connects each merchant to a
large number of acquirers via our vast global network.

Benefits of Our Service
The benefits of our smart solution include:
1. Increased Sales: The rollout of our new payment acceptance technology will help merchants reach a
tech-savvy generation and increase sales.
2. Guaranteed Security: Build trust and ensure safety to overcome security concerns using infrastructure
and technology which adheres to standard safety and security protocols.
3. Optimized Checkout Conversion: A seamless payment process and tools to aid convenience to
minimize basket abandonment.
4. Reduction in Operational Costs: Utilize a single solution to meet all global needs.
5. Enjoy Global Appeal: Because we offer the best conversion rates from digital to fiat
currency and Bulleon is spendable anywhere.
The list of services our platform offers as listed above make us a top choice for any serious ecommerce
business today. All of the business types below can partner with us for an optimal e-commerce platform
leveraging on the revolutionary Blockchain technology.

2.6.7. Phase 7 - Peer-to-Peer
lending platform
Having carefully analyzed cryptocurrencies and their
growth in relation to fiat money, we concluded that this
market lacks lending vehicles. The most popular way to
get a fiat currency for a digital asset is to sell the asset
on the exchange. This is economically unfeasible, since
the value of cryptocurrency can significantly increase
literally within a week, after which the holder will lose
an impressive amount. The Bulleon project offers an
alternative. Using our system, a cryptocurrency holder
can get a loan in fiat money on the security of his/her
digital asset.
Before the end of the loan period, the security deposit
will remain in the protected Bulleon system. Once the
loan and the interest are paid within the agreed period,
25

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

the pledged asset will be returned to the borrower in full. The Bulleon platform will provide an
opportunity to instantly issue our internal virtual or plastic payment card (read more: Bulleon
International Debit Card). Using Bulleon International Debit Card, you can make payments around
the world wherever debit card payment is enabled. It is convenient and beneficial, as the user
of such services does not pay additional fees. Besides, the platform users will be able to order a
debit card with worldwide delivery. Borrowers will be able to instantly receive credit funds in the
fiat currency or use it depending on their needs – cash out funds in ATMs, pay through terminals,
shop online.
Compared with traditional financial institutions that issue loans, Bulleon has many advantages. In the
traditional collateral scheme, the lender is forced to do a huge amount of work to secure the deal:
maintain a credit center that verifies the borrower’s solvency, arrange the collateral assessment, transfer
and store the borrowers’ assets.
It may seem that the lender’s work should not be of interest to the borrower. However, one should
remember that all costs are included in the interest rate, which results in a rise in the loan price. Bulleon
solves this problem. Our system guarantees repayment of funds in full together with interest for using
the loan and dispenses the lender from additional actions and risks. Consequently, the borrower will
receive the lowest interest rate and will not spend time on signing papers, going to the bank, waiting in
a line and carrying out the property assessment.
There is no need for a credit centered on this approach. This gives advantages to both parties in
the deal: the lender does not need to independently assess the risks; the borrower receives a loan
regardless of the credit record. In the traditional system, one needs to have a sufficiently solid
startup capital and know the subtleties of the profession to become a successful lender. Bulleon
allows absolutely any individual or legal entity that has fiat funds to become a lender, and it assumes
risks associated with the loan repayment. A user who offers to lend funds sets the interest rate,
amount of the loan and its term on his/her own, and our system seeks the borrower in the database,
who is interested in such terms.

Key Features
1. A Peer-to-Peer Lenders Platform: Using our system, a cryptocurrency holder can get a loan in fiat
money on the security of his/her digital asset. Before the end of the loan period, the security deposit will
remain in the protected Bulleon system.
2. Secured Lending: Once the loan and the interest are paid within the agreed period, the pledged asset
will be returned to the borrower in full.
3. Instant Disbursement: The Bulleon platform will provide an opportunity to issue our internal virtual
or Bulleon International Debit Card instantly
4. Transparent Internal Ecosystem: Borrowers will be able to instantly receive credit funds in the fiat
currency directly to the Bulleon account or use it depending on their needs – cash out funds in ATMs, pay
through terminals or shop online.

26

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

Advantages Over Traditional Loan Schemes
The overriding benefits include:
1. Fast Response: With Bulleon, anyone can borrow and lend almost instantaneously without unnecessary
friction from banks and government regulations.
2. Flexible/Customized Interests Rate: You can crowdsource your loans from lenders around the
world powered by a Bitcoin economy by choosing an interest rate which you can afford.
3. No Processing Charge: There is no processing fee charged to the borrower or lender for this.
4. A Win-win for Lenders and Borrowers: Through this system, lenders get profitable interest rates,
and borrowers can borrow cheap loans, all thanks to the power of Blockchain’s speed and Bulleon’s
quest to offer a cheaper alternative.

Risk Management and Assurance
Apart from the protection that comes with the flexibility of interests rates, open access to information
about users and direct choice of interests between peers, all loans on the platform are protected by
Buyback and Default guarantees, which allow users to have full control over your finances at any given
time. Through Buyback, the platform obliges itself to buy back the investment in 1 single day in case the
clients wish to stop investing.
Default Guarantee is activated when a borrower is late with the payment for more than three days.
Bulleon will cover all late installments with digital assets held by borrowers.

Conclusion
Bulleon is growing in stature by the day even at its ICO continues to command more global patronage.
With the full deployment of this Peer-to-Peer lending platform the company has opened a priceless vista
of global wealth building to the individuals seeking loans and investors alike. Regardless of the budget
thanks, Bulleon’s no-fees and low entry point service is a perfect tonic for the next global economic
boom for all the world’s population. Small budget investors, seasoned investors, moneybags, everyone
can reap the benefits of the Blockchain revolution.

2.6.8. Phase 8 - Merging services into a single active
platform
Integration of all services into a single active platform; fully integrated solution will give you an interactive
view of all Bulleons services and instruments.
Bulleon will help you to meet everyday digital asset related needs. With Bulleon you get the user-friendly
tools you need to handle all your digital resource needs and navigate the crypto world easily - by focusing
on your business requirements.
Focus on your idea, let us do the rest. With our solutions, you can break down information silos, better
exploit synergies, and pool efforts among your staff and departments through a clear, common vision
of all key elements of your organization and the role of each stakeholder.
27

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

By utilizing open APIs, we create an integrated software ecosystem that stores all the data required
for running the company while simultaneously providing all users with real-time access to the
crucial information you need.

2.6.9. Phase 9 - Biometric hardware
wallet & login authentication
To deliver a most secure and safe operating environment
for all its users, Bulleon has adopted an advanced biometric
security technology to process user access to its services at
any point in time. This measure which serves as a reliable
means of ensuring that users are who they say they are, also
help ensure that Bulleon’s service complies with Know Your
Customer (KYC) requirements in any country where it operates
worldwide.
With Bulleon’s biometric hardware wallet & login authentication,
users get secure access to all our services across all mobile app
and web platforms using biometric fingerprint authentication.
With this all user assets are safely protected from scammers
through a one-way conversion of biometric data into a proprietary
template format which prevents recreation, reverse-engineering
or use for unintended purposes, thereby protecting the user
from any form of theft.
Furthermore, this biometric data will be encrypted and digitally
signed using strong 256-bit AES technology. This hardwaregenerated, one-time encryption keys ensure that biometric data
remains entirely within the host’s trusted execution environment,
where it’s available only to processes known as trustworthy. In
the end, by combining the decentralized Blockchain principle
with identity verification, a digital ID is created to act as a digital
watermark which can be assigned to every online transaction of
any asset.

Conclusion
1. Eliminates Fraud and Hidden Fees: By eliminating fraud, it also eliminates interchange fees
in addition to making sure that the person doing or authorizing the transaction is 100 percent
the owner.
2. Enhancement of User Privacy and Security: With Bulleon’s biometric hardware wallet all user’s
personal information such as their biometrics and payment details are decentralized, meaning hackers
cannot tap into a central data source to gain access to user credentials.
28

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

3. Improved Customer Experience: With lightning-fast biometric authentication, our hardware
wallet and login authentication provide a superior security experience across all devices without
having to wait for emails and texts to complete login process to conduct any user activity or
transactions
How it Works
Using Advanced Encryption Software, AES, 256-bit, the Bulleon hardware wallet and login
authentication protocol converts biometric data and other 2FA into a one-way proprietary template
format, making it impossible to recreate, re-engineer or use for unintended purposes. This
encryption method AES is a symmetric block cipher which is used at the highest level of security to
protect classified information and is implemented in software and hardware throughout the world
to encrypt sensitive data.
Why We Chose AES 256-bit
AES 256-bit encryption represents top-level data/file encryption technique that uses a 256-bit key to
encrypt and decrypt data or files. The 256-bit encryption refers to the length of the encryption key
used to encrypt a data stream or file. A hacker or cracker will require 2256 different combinations
to break a 256-bit encrypted message, which is virtually impossible to be broken by even the
fastest computers.
Now, when you consider the fact that the fusion of passwords and other 2FA procedures expire quickly,
a hacker’s effort to repeatedly beat the time allocation for each login he initiates. Since the system has
been built to detect such, multiple failures to successfully login by a hacker will then raise a red flag
which will lead to an autoprotective action by Bulleon engine.
Security Tips for Wallet Authentication and Login
Because of the digital space volatile and prone to malicious users, the following additional precautions
are very vital to every single transaction process on the Bulleon platform.
Authentication: All Bulleon platform users and token holders must understand that authentication
should only be used to access their account or merchant orders. If Bulleon application requires access
to other Bulleon users’ accounts, do not use API Key. To securely access other Bulleon users’ accounts,
the Bulleon in-app messaging should be used.
Signing Requests: API key authentication requires each request to be signed (enhanced security
measure). Users can create and activate new API keys in their API settings. It is very important to note
that each user’s API keys should be assigned to access only accounts and permission scopes that are
necessary for the app to function.
In conclusion, it is pertinent to state that Bulleon prioritizes the security of its operating environment
and as such will continue to stay alert to better ways to safeguard it and assure investors and users of
the safety and security of their investments and information.

29

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

2.6.8. Phase 10 - Payment of Dividends and Launch of
a Full-fledged Commercial Activity
In line with its ICO promise, Bulleon, the all-in-one digital asset platform, is glad to unveil the Phase
10 of its project outline. This stage marks a deployment of at least public beta versions of all previous
phases that have been released. It represents a major milestone for not just Bulleon, but the entire
cryptocurrency ecosystem as the steady incline of Bulleon’s first of its kind ‘no time limit’ ICO continues
to wow investors and industry watchers.
What this milestone means is that in less than a year, Bulleon has gone beyond the execution of the first
five items on its roadmap, to kick starting ten of its project phases. These phases include:
Phase 1 - Preparing a transparent structure and commercial activity plan of the company
Phase 2 - iOS/Android/Windows/Mac/Web app development start
Phase 3 - Cloud mining platform and data-center construction start
Phase 4 - Bulleon International Debit Card
Phase 5 - Independent cryptocurrency trading platform
Phase 6 - Bulleon E-Commerce Payment Gateway for Merchants)
Phase 7 - Peer-2-peer lending platform
Phase 8 - Biometric hardware wallet & login authentication
Phase 9 - Integration of services into a single active platform and
Phase 10 - The official announcement of dividends payments
Setting Quarterly Dividends Payout Clock
It is pertinent to state that as a natural order of the project life of Bulleon, that integration of services and
tools takes place from Phase 10 onwards. At this stage, commercial activity has already begun, and 40% of
the operating profit is invested in the dividend fund. However, since the integration of services and tools
commenced from Phase 2, it is only normal for it to be the benchmark for deciding the commencement
of quarterly payments of dividends because that is when the Bulleon engine became operational in the
marketplace.
Dividend Calculation Formula
At Phase 10, Bulleon can be said to have laid the groundwork for engaging in a robust cryptocurrency
business, and from here the funds raised from the ICO are calculated FORMULA: (ICO raised funds)
– (the cost of executing the project) = DIVIDEND ALLOCATION: 80% are allocated to BUL investors/
shareholders/token-holders. 20% of the funds remain available to continue the operation of the
company.

30

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

Bulleon Quarterly Payments Outlay
1. One-Time Dividend Payments
At the end of Phase 10, 80% of surplus funds (ETH) will be distributed to the top 25% in total ownership
percentage of a total surplus of funds.
2. Quarterly Dividends
40% of operating profit will be paid quarterly to the top 25% in total ownership percentage in relation to
total operating profit of the whole company.
NB: Payments of one-time dividends or quarterly dividends will be sent to those addresses whose BUL
Blockchain snapshot will prove token ownership.
Interests of the Shareholders
In line with our commitment to protecting shareholders’ interests Bulleon makes it a top priority to
update them with information regarding any changes on projections as to how payments would be
calculated and distributed. Some conditions and timing may change, but the overall process for going
forward remains in place.
Transparency and External Auditing
Because we operate on the principles of best practices, we will not leave all the calculations of the
operating costs and revenues to our in-house financial team alone. Bulleon’s entire operations will be
audited by an A-list auditing firm and a report from the audit will be made public before any dividends
are paid.
In the meantime, there will be some visibility into the performance of current business operations for
token holders via the investor dashboard as Phase 2 unbundles successfully. Our priority is to give as
much visibility into our operations as practicable.
NB: Holders who sell their tokens will not get the dividends. Payments will only go to wallets holding Bulleon at
the time of payout.

03. SMART-CONTRACT STRUCTURE
3.1. Bulleon smart-contract
Bulleon’s smart contract is written in the Solidity programming language and is completely open source.
Anyone who wants to explore it gets full rights to do so. It is perfectly understandable to know what
functions its code contains.

3.2. Smart contract functions
Smart contract is constructed in a way that the contract owner would not have any authority to control it after it
will be deployed on the Ethereum Blockchain. A few functions have been left in the assembly in case something
31

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

unexpected happens, but they have no effect on Bulleon and its economy; hence, there is nothing to be
worried about. The functions left to maintain the contract owner are: change contract owner or withdrawal
address, force withdraw ETH (if the funds are stuck in a contract), burn a specific amount of Bulleons, set
bonus percentage, pause and unpause the token transfer function. No one can ever create more Bulleons,
move them to another address, or otherwise manage Bulleons inside the ICO smart contract. Even, we do not
have the authority to manage them in the contract. Thus, the only way to get them out of the contract is by
purchasing them. This decision has been made for the peace of mind of investors.

04. FINANCES & ICO
4.1. Force Gathering Whirl of Bulleon
Bulleon’s internal cryptocurrency gains its value by gathering the labor input into it. Continuous hard work
makes it better and stronger, and exponential labor input for the project’s developing and marketing
and fast business expansion will guarantee it a continuous price-lifting force. Look at the infographic.

01

06

Bob Purchases
Some Bulleons

Bulleon Receives
a Payment

After purchase, he will
immediately receive the
Bulleons in
his favorite wallet.

and uses part of it immediately
on his own development by
hiring more required employees
and specialists.

Reputation
& Price
Once the Force Gathering
Whirl of Bulleon is rolled
out, it begins to gather
reputation and trust,
causing the price to rise.

FORCE
GATHERING
WHIRL
OF BULLEON

Aggressive
Marketing
The other part will be used for
aggressive marketing via all
possible channels of the
internet.

03

Investors

Bulleons
Purchases

05

02

Because marketing will be
very eﬀective, it naturally
will bring new investors.

Whenever a new supporter
purchases Bulleons, it will
make Bulleon more
powerful.

04

1. Bob purchases some Bulleons. After purchase, he will immediately receive the Bulleons in his favorite
wallet.
2. Bulleon receives a payment and uses part of it immediately on his own development by hiring
32

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

more required employees and specialists (marketing experts, advisors, finance managers, designers,
programmers, assistants).
3. The other part will be used for aggressive marketing via all possible channels of the internet.
4. Because marketing will be very effective, it naturally will bring new investors.
5. Whenever a new supporter purchases Bulleons, it will make Bulleon more powerful.
6. Once the Force Gathering Whirl of Bulleon is rolled out, it begins to gather reputation and trust,
causing the price to rise.

4.2. ICO phase structure
There will be a total of 10 phases, with no time limit. Each phase will contain 760,000BUL for a fixed price.

PRICE BUL/ETH
1200
1000
800
600
400
200
0

ICO Phase

Phase
1

Phase
2

Phase
3

Phase
4

Phase
5

Tokens (BUL)

Phase
6

Phase
7

Price BUL/ETH

Phase
8

Phase
9

Phase
10

Financing (ETH)

Phase 1

760,000

1000

760

Phase 2

760,000

800

950

Phase 3

760,000

600

1,266

Phase 4

760,000

400

1,900

Phase 5

760,000

200

3,800

Phase 6

760,000

100

7,600

Phase 7

760,000

75

10,133

Phase 8

760,000

50

15,200

Phase 9

760,000

25

30,400

Phase 10

759,000

10

75,900

Total:

7,599,000

Hard cap:

148,009 ETH

33

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

4.3. Distribution
• Total Bulleon supply: 7,97 million (7,970,000) BUL, of which:
• 95.2% will be offered for purchase
• 2,4% will be distributed for bounty program
• 1,2% will be distributed for airdrop program
• 1,2% will be reserved for founders
• Ethereum ERC20 token – Bulleon (BUL)
• Purchase methods accepted: Ether (ETH), USD and other cryptocurrencies
• Maximum cap on crowdsale: 148,009ETH

4.4. Funds allocation
30
40
30% – Marketing
40% – Core development

20

10% – Supporting BUL exchange rate/Buy-back
20% – Services, legal expenses, accountancy and other

10
The fund raised during ICO activity will be fully and completely used for the development of the Bulleon platform.
Depending on the volume of funds raised, a specific scheme for the allocation of the fund will be chosen.
One of the main goals of the Bulleon project is to build a strong and durable cryptocurrency. Up to 10%
of the raised funds will be used to support this goal. To support a strong exchange rate, Bulleon will
constantly purchase BUL currency from active BUL markets. The BUL currency will be bought back only
in the case when the market rate is lower than the ICO selling price.
30% of total raised funds will be used to cover expenses for promoting the project and expanding the
user base, promotion on new markets, international partnerships, visiting conferences and issue-related
exhibitions.
40% will be used for development of the core, adoption of Blockchain technologies and smart contracts,
creation of new products and services, implementation of the voting mechanism. 20% will be used for
payment for services, legal expenses, accountancy, operating and other expenses.
34

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

4.5. Dividend distribution
The dividends distribution process consists of two stages: getting the accurate data about the BUL
distribution among users (dividends report) and spreading the company profit among the token holders.
To have a proof of BUL ownership by exact addresses, Bulleon will make snapshots of Blockchain prior
each dividends distribution using a specially developed tool. It allows capturing of the current state of
tokens distribution among investors as on the exact block.
The number of the milestone block, as well as an approximate date and time of its appearance, will be
announced in advance, both by email and on the Bulleon Website.
Bulleon financial management undertakes to transfer 40% of the company distributable profit to the
dividends distribution smartcontract on a quarterly basis. The date of dividends distribution will be
announced in advance at Bulleon official website.
A dividends distribution smart-contract is designed to distribute profit among the investors according to
their stakes. All the payments will be made in ETH. Dividends will be sent to those addresses whose BUL
token ownership will be proved by a snapshot of the Blockchain.

With Bulleon, the Possibilities are Endless

4.6. One-time dividend payment
Once all tokens are sold, the first goal is achieved. At the end of Phase 10, it is calculated how much funds
the project needs to reach all the goals, 80% of surplus funds (ETH) will be distributed to the top 25% in
total ownership percentage in relation to the total surplus funds. 20% of the funds remain available to
continue the operation of the company. This is a one-time dividend payment.
Example, after the end of Phase 10, the surplus funds will be a total of 25,000ETH. You own 6650BUL, which is
0.07% of all BUL supply. You get 0.07% of the surplus funds in dividends, which is 17.5 ETH (roughly 14,000USD).
35

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

4.7 Quarterly dividends
40% of operating profit will be paid quarterly to the top 25% in total ownership percentage in relation to
total operating profit of the whole company. Dividends are paid to shareholders as long as the company
makes the operating profit.
Example: You own 6650BUL, which is 0.07% of all BUL supply. The company’s operating profit for Q1/2019 is
$90 million. You will receive 31,500USD dividends.

4.8. ICO Schedule and limits
ICO will start at phase one. Phases are not time-constrained, once one phase sells out, the next one will
start automatically. ICO ends if one of the following conditions is met:
1. All tokens are sold out before 31-Dec-2018
2. If all the tokens have not been sold before 31-Dec-2018, the ICO will end automatically at the turn of
the year. All unsold tokens will be burnt.
Tokens will be locked in individual holding wallet for the entire duration of the ICO. Once the ICO ends,
anyone who has the BUL token in his/her wallet can unlock the token transfer feature, allowing it to be
moved between wallets — ultimately permitting token to be traded.
If active phase has only a little BUL for sale, the purchase is calculated according to the buying phase
rate and the next phase. For example, in phase 4 there’s only a remaining 100 BUL, and you decide to
buy 800 BUL. The first 100 BUL will be charged by phase 4 rate and the rest of 700 BUL by phase 5 rate.

4.9. Bounty program
Bounty program will help spread the word, and translators, bloggers, writers or otherwise helping people
will get the reward for their work.

36

BULLEON

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

05. OUR TEAM
5.1 Our amazing team
Take a closer look into our amazing team. We won’t bite.

VITALY CHIZHOV
CO-FOUNDER & CEO

Vitaly is the driving force behind Bulleon.
A self-confessed blockchain enthusiast
with over 7 years of experience navigating
the cryptoverse. When he is not thinking
about the next big idea, he enjoys exploring
topics that range from technology and
programming to economics.

ANITA VOLK

GRAPHIC DESIGNER &
PROJECT ASSISTANT
Known for her limitless creativity
and unbelievable capacity to create
innovative design concepts, Anita joins
Bulleon’s dream team on a mission to
unlock the power of great design and
help take projects to fruition.

ARINA GOLUBEVA

ALEX GOLUBEV

Focused and determined, Arina is Bulleon’s
co-founder and CMO. She brings to the
table years of experience in marketing
leadership positions, a superb marketing
strategist mindset and a dynamic
personality to achieve results with impact.

A passionate and experienced developer
capable of turning any idea into reality
with the power of code. Now, he
combines his know-how, experience
and capacity to solve complex problems
at lightning speed to guide Bulleon’s
technological strategy.

NATHAN CHRISTIAN

VLADIMIR NIKITIN

CO-FOUNDER & CMO

BLOCKCHAIN ADVISOR

A serial entrepreneur with over 35 startups under his belt, an MBA and a renowned
technical expert in blockchain-based accounting
and financial applications. Nathan will combine
his drive and successful track record to cement
Bulleon’s strategy, mission and vision.

37

CTO

LEGAL ADVISOR

Top Ranked Worldwide ICObench
Veteran, Vladimir is a world-class legal
consultant who specializes in the finance,
retail and IT industry. A
 renowned
cryptocurrency expert and ICO advisor
who now joins Bulleon as a Legal Advisor
ready to help the team navigate the
complexities of the regulatory and legal
framework.

BULLEON

SIMON COCKING
MARKETING & PR ADVISOR

Ranked Top #1 Worldwide ICObench
Expert, Simon works as an advisory
board member for several other
successful ICO launches. He joins Bulleon
to leverage his experience, sharp creative
mind and successful relationships with
the media to design our PR strategy,
boost Bulleon’s marketing efforts and
skyrocket engagement.

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

PHILLIP NUNN

MATTI VILOLA

A recognized specialist in the areas of
finance, wealth management, angel
investment and financial technology.
Phillip has travelled the world sharing his
blockchain and cryptocurrency knowledge
and has become a well-known personality.
Today, he leverages over 15 years of
experience to help position Bulleon as a
leading company in the industry.

With over 15 years of experience working
in engineering and management positions,
Matti has been heavily involved in the
high-tech, online, mobile and security
industries. Now, he is ready to leverage
his experience, technology background
and capacity to adapt to ever-changing
circumstances to help Bulleon get ready
to respond to any market changes and
achieve short and long-term success.

FINTECH ADVISOR

NIKOLAY SHKILEV

TANZEEL HAYDER

Tech guru, Founder and CEO of the
Private Business Club, recipient of the
“Enterprise of the Year” award and CoFounder of Top ICO Advisors. Nikolay
joins us as an Advisor, combining over
two decades of experience, countless
awards in the IT sphere and a vast skill
set to help define Bulleon’s path to
success.

An accredited Financial Specialist with
nearly a decade of international over 7
years experience. Now, Syeed is ready
to leverage his results-oriented mind
and financial acumen to create effective
financial models, spot trends and remain
on top of the latest market changes to
ensure that Bulleon becomes a success.

ADVISOR (IT AND BLOCKCHAIN)

FINANCIAL ANALYST &
ICOBENCH EXPERT

38

ADVISOR (FINANCE)

MANI TEJA

COMMUNITY MANAGER
A day trader and investor who knows the
blockchain and virtual currency industry
inside out. Aware of the potential of
Blockchain and Bulleon’s impact, Mani
decided to join this adventure as a
Community Manager.

BULLEON

DAVORIN BEBEK

SOCIAL MEDIA COORDINATOR
With a master’s degree in Law, Davor
decided to take the leap and become a
social media manager and consultant for
several blockchain companies. Now, he joins
Bulleon as an experience campaign builder
ready to drum up interest, awareness and
engagement across multiple social media
channels.

WHITE PAPER V 1.5.5

DENIS BALABANOV
UX/UI DESIGNER

With over 15 years of experience as a
graphic designer, Denis is a powerhouse
when it comes to taking any complex
projects into reality. Today, he combines
his experience and mastery as a graphic
designer to ensure that Bulleon’s User
Interface and User Experience are at the
top of their game.

MOSSPOLE

BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY
CONSULTANTS
Created by a group of seasoned ICO
consultants and community managers,
Mosspole joins Bulleon as a strategic
partner. Fully ready and able to handle
public relations and community
engagement, Mosspole is on a mission
to help Bulleon reach new heights.

39

ANTON KOLTSOV
BLOCKCHAIN DEVELOPER

Anton Koltsov is a Blockchain developer
and an essential part of Bulleon’s
development team. With over 14 years of
combined experience in programming,
Blockchain technology and smart-contract
writing, Koltsov is a certified Blockchain
expert who has been a vital part of
countless Blockchain projects. Now, he
leverages his experience to impact an
entire industry along with our team,
equipped with the know-how and skills to
tackle any project regardless of complexity.

