Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017

CAN White Paper

Version 1.0
[9] October 2017

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017

Disclaimer
IMPORTANT NOTE
YOU MUST READ THIS DOCUMENT BEFORE MAKING ANY DECISION TO
PURCHASE CAN TOKENS.
THIS WHITEPAPER AND ITS SUBJECT MATTER HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL
NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER ANY LEGAL OR REGULATORY REGIME, NOR
HAVE THEY BEEN REVIEWED OR APPROVED BY ANY REGULATORY AUTHORITY. THIS DOCUMENT IS NOT A PROSPECTUS NOR A SOLICITATION
FOR INVESTMENT. IT DOES NOT PERTAIN TO AN OFFERING OF SECURITIES
IN ANY JURISDICTION, AND UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES DOES THIS INFORMATION MEMORANDUM OR ANY OTHER MATERIALS CONSTITUTE AN
OFFER OR SOLICITATION IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH OFFER,
SOLICITATION OR SALE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. DIGITAL CAPITAL LIMITED
DOES NOT HOLD ITSELF OUT AS CARRYING OUT ANY REGULATED ACTIVITY
IN ANY JURISDICTION.
THE TOKEN SALE IS ONLY FOR SOPHISTICATED PURCHASERS WHO ARE
KNOWLEDGEABLE AND EXPERIENCED IN THE FEATURES AND RISKS OF
RELEVANT TOKEN SALE, DIGITAL ASSETS, BLOCKCHAIN AND SMART
CONTRACTS. POTENTIAL PURCHASERS SHOULD DETERMINE FOR THEMSELVES THE RELEVANCE OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT AND RELATED MATERIALS, IN EACH CASE AS SUPPLEMENTED
FROM TIME TO TIME, AND THE NECESSITY FOR ADDITIONAL ENQUIRY, RESEARCH AND ADVICE. ANY DECISION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE CAN TOKEN
SALE SHOULD BE BASED UPON SUCH INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION AND
ADVICE AS YOU DEEM NECESSARY. THIS INFORMATION MEMORANDUM
SHOULD NOT BE CONSIDERED AS A RECOMMENDATION BY ANY OTHER
PERSON TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY CAN TOKEN SALE.
WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE ABOVE, YOU SHOULD NOT PURCHASE ANY
CAN TOKENS UNLESS YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD THIS WHITEPAPER AND ALL OTHER RELEVANT MATERIALS ON OUR WEBSITE (www.mobipromo.io) AND FULLY UNDERSTAND THE TOKEN SALE, INCLUDING AT
LEAST THE FOLLOWING:
-

THE NATURE AND PURPOSE OF THE TOKEN SALE AND ITS CYPTOGRAPHIC CONTEXT

-

THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TOKEN SALE

-

THE PROCEDURES REQUIRED TO PURCHASE CAN TOKENS

-

THE NATURE AND THE EXTENT OF THE RISKS TO WHICH YOU MAY BE

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017

EXPOSED AS A RESULT OF PARTICIPATING IN THE TOKEN SALE AND
HOLDING CAN TOKENS
-

THE REGULATORY, TAX AND ACCOUNTING TREATMENT OF PARTICIPATING IN THE TOKEN SALE AND HOLDING OF CAN TOKENS, AS WELL
AS ANY OTHER RELEVANT IMPLICATIONS

PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS WHITEPAPER IS STILL A WORK IN PROGRESS,
WHICH MAY BE AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME UNTIL THE COMPLETION
OF THE TOKEN SALE. YOU MUST ALSO MONITOR THE
WWW.MOBIPROMO.IO WEBSITE FOR ANY UPDATED VERSION OR ANY
ANNOUNCEMENTS THAT RELATE TO THIS TOKEN SALE, AS THEY MAY
ADD TO, OR ALTER, ITS TERMS. FOR THE PURPOSE OF YOUR
ACQUISITION OF CAN TOKENS (IF ANY), YOU SHOULD ONLY RELY ON
THE FINAL VERSION OF THE WHITEPAPER, EVEN IF SUCH VERSION IS
PUBLISHED AFTER YOUR INDICATION OF INTEREST TO PURCHASE.
THIS WHITEPAPER AND RELATED MATERIALS MAY BE TRANSLATED. ANY
TRANSLATION IS FOR REFERENCE PURPOSES ONLY AND IS NOT CERTIFIED BY ANY PERSON. ONLY THE ENGLISH VERSION HAS LEGAL EFFECT
AND PREVAILS TO THE EXTENT OF ANY INCONSISTENCY.

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017

Executive Summary

CAN is the token designed for advertising services basing on a constantly growing AD system being developed by MobiPromo (“AD System” or “MobiPromo System”). With the help
of CAN, the current centralized AD System will gradually transform into a decentralized
advertising system/platform. All these are attributed to the development of blockchain
technology and the robust infrastructure of it.
Upon the completion of Token Sale, CAN Tokens can be immediately used as the medium
to pay for the services on the MobiPromo System . More importantly, as blockchain technology itself is excellent at building mutual trust and tracking, it is intended that the MobiPromo System will adopt new blockchain technology, which will hence greatly enhance its
features and functionality. Eventually, it will largely increase the effectiveness of the advertisement being broadcasted among the worldwide nodes of the MobiPromo System.
Using CAN Tokens, the existing AD System will gradually transform into the Point to Point
Advertising Interactive Network (the “Decentralized AD System”). During the course of the
transformation, the Issuer and MobiPromo will partially use the community resources for
the purposes of R & D and promotion. Eventually, a decentralized advertising network
which is driven by CAN Tokens will come into reality.

Background

In internet era, the core of business operation is traffic. MobiPromo System is designed to
drive traffic for business owners.
Basically, there are three major participants in the business environment.
Commercial Website / Platform
Consumer / End Users
Suppliers / Shops
These participants form an ecosystem in which consumers spend their money for products/services; Suppliers supply goods/services and the Platforms supply information to
guide consumers choosing products/services.
Currently, the core of such ecosystem has gradually shifted from location-focused to platform-focused. The platform supplies the information that consumers desire and as such,
the consumer behaviors became dependent on and seriously affected by whatever is
shown to consumers on the platform. In other words, the spending pattern of consumers is
no longer affected by the geographic location but by the platform. The platform provides
the commercial messages, the consumers obtain the messages and this directly affects
the consumer behaviors.
Nowadays, shops open and close more frequently than before. Consumers would not be
able to visit them one by one to decide which is the best. Instead, consumers rely on the

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017
information obtained from various platforms, websites to make decisions. And through the
analysis of the data, the platform can even predict then affect consumer’s behaviors .
The current MobiPromo System can deliver the right information to right consumer efficiently thus drive traffic to the business owner efficiently. And as the first access point of
consumers surfing internet, MobiPromo can influence consumers’ behaviors even earlier
than any platform. But this is not the final goal of MobiPromo System. The team, together
with MobiPromo, is going to utilize blockchain technologies and share the advertising engine with the community to build a decentralized content and AD network by which to construct a more fair and credible environment for all participants in our ecosystem.

Blockchain Technology

A blockchain is a digitized, decentralized public ledger of all cryptocurrency transactions.
Constantly growing as ‘completed’ blocks (the most recent transactions) are recorded and
added to it in chronological order, it allows market participants to keep track of digital currency transactions without central record keeping. Each node (a computer connected to
the network) gets a copy of the blockchain, which is downloaded automatically.
Bitcoin is the earliest digital currency that applies Blockchain Technology. Today, Bitcoin is
playing a role as “GOLD” in digital currency. Ethereum is a decentralized platform that
runs smart contracts. Based on Ethereum applications can run exactly as programmed
without any possibility of downtime, fraud or third party interference.
These apps run on a custom built blockchain, an enormously powerful shared global infrastructure that can move value around and represent the ownership of property. This enables developers to create markets, store registries of debts or promises, move funds in
accordance with instructions given long in the past (like a will or a futures contract) and
many other things that have not been invented yet, all without a intermediary or counterparty risk.
Our Team believes that Ethereum in the coming years will become the backbone technol-

ogy in various commercial applications. However, Ethereum itself will not become a
means to convey commercial messages and values. Users have to actualize the enormous value of Ethereum through applications. The Decentralized AD System is such an
application.

Evolvement of Decentralized AD Service
With the issuance and circulation of CAN Tokens, we will be able to integrate the online
and offline services and sales. The payment tool for our global advertising services, content distribution services, and other various types of services will rely on our cryptocurrency.

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017
Firstly, CAN Tokens can be immediately used to redeem the existing services that the AD
System provides globally, which include:
•

Targeted Advertising
MobiPromo owns thousands of locations around the globe to provide advertising
services via Wi-Fi. Business owners may select to display their advertisements on
all or partial locations. The sophisticated backend systems of MobiPromo will
intelligently analyze the nature of the advertisement content and subsequently
select the locations and timing to deliver the advertisement so as to obtain the
largest effectiveness. The MobiPromo backend system is also able to locate the
group of people who should be interested in the advertisement and thus specifically
push the advertisement to them. The effectiveness can be increased on one hand
and the cost is drastically reduced on the other.

•

Proximity Marketing Services
As for the locations in which MobiPromo Wi-Fi devices are installed, MobiPromo
intelligent backend will enable the business owners to broadcast their new products
information, Coupons, Membership Credit Points, etc. in the Wi-Fi. And all these
services provided by MobiPromo will be settled by CAN too.

•

Content Distribution Network (CDN)
MobiPromo locations are about to provide CDN services. Content providers will
use the service and pay the services with CAN Tokens. The CAN Tokens collected
will be partly distributed to the location owners.

MobiPromo Wi-Fi nodes are growing rapidly and globally. The variety of MobiPromo services is growing too. As these services are settled with CAN Tokens, the demand for CAN
Tokens is expected to increase continuously.
Secondly, we will gradually build a Decentralized AD System - from the original perspective, the AD network nowadays can be seen as a vast network covering different geographical areas. The drawback of this traditional centralized network is that the communication among the locations in the network could be poor or even none. In daily operations,
there may even be some fraudulent behaviours. If we rebuild the network using the
blockchain technology, the current problems could be perfectly solved.

Current MobiPromo System

MobiPromo is a white-label, direct-response, wireless, proximity marketing technology
Designed to engage consumers with highly targeted and relevant advertising from local,
regional, and national brands. MobiPromo incentivizes consumers to use the system by
providing free Wi-Fi Internet access.

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017
MobiPromo has the ability to push
geographically, behaviorally,
device specific and competitor targeted,
merchant
created
and
managed advertisements, coupons, discount
offers, banners, and video infomercials to
consumers.
MobiPromo is white-label hardware and
cloud based technologies. Providing marketers a means to build their own brand
rather than someone elses. Using the merchant’s logo, branding, domain, advertiser
rates, terms and conditions, and much more.
From both a consumer and merchant’s perspective, the system looks and operates
seamlessly as the merchant’s own system.

Acquire Legally Compliant Validated
Consumer Data Automatically.
The MobiPromo opt in process is fully compliant with the latest U.S. Federal Trade
Commission laws introduced in October
2014. Every opt-in process is 100% compliant with the Telephone Consumer Protection
Act , Telemarketing Sales Rule, and CANSPAM Act. MobiPromo includes email marketing and text marketing systems that allows
network operators to take full advantage of compiled data.

Merchants Signup, Pay, and Manage Their Own Advertisements in 3 Easy
Steps
A self-serve merchant system is designed to bring new merchants on-board automatically.
Allowing merchants to review the benefits, select an advertising package that matches
their needs and geography, subscribe to it and pay online, and start advertising within
minutes.
MobiPromo includes template-based tools for merchants to create well-presented
business listings and appealing advertisements in a very simple 1-2-3 step process.
Merchants’ select and purchase admin-created advertising packages relevant to their
marketing needs, location, and budgets. Merchants keep 100% of the sale price.
The merchant interface includes tools to track and monitor campaign performances, predictive analysis reporting that forecasts redemptions, service and stock requirements for
up to three months in advance, based on current monthly trends: Additional tools to man-

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017
age consumer reviews and email subscriptions: (i) Newsletter feature provides a means to
create and disseminate periodic newsletter to subscribers; (ii) Barcode generator; (iii)
Coupon embedding code generator enabling a merchant to integrate their coupons into
their website to extend campaign reach to existing customers; (iv) Email subscription code
generator for integrating into websites, newsletters, and other promotional media; and (v)
Direct link codes for both mobile & web coupons and offers that can be used for any promotions including QR Code production.

Consumer Behavioural Targeting
Consumer behaviour targeting presents a tremendous opportunity to engage consumers
at a time, place, and with their interest focused. Returning the most responsive results
ever. The MobiPromo system monitors consumer behaviour and interests whilst they are
shopping and searching on the web. Then at the most appropriate time we deliver a
matching merchant advertisement directly to the relevant content the consumer is viewing.
Our behavioural engine is 100% tuneable and trainable from within the administration
management interface.

Wireless Device Targeting
Target consumer devices by Device Brand, Device Operating System, and Device Browser Type. Useful for App dissemination, Carrier Network, and other specific campaign
styles. The device specific targeting module is updated weekly to ensure the latest device
information is always available.

Competitor Targeting System – Stop Losing Sales To Online Vendors
The competitor targeting system is designed for retail merchants to combat consumer
showcasing. The merchant specifies who its competitors are and would be provided the
opportunity to reach its potential customers with a matching or better offer before they purchase online.

MobiPromo Brandable Hotspots
MobiPromo now features individual brandable hotspot locations. Every hotspot location
can be branded with a host merchants logo or a even a sponsored advertiser, as an upsell
for every location in the merchant’s network.

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017

MobiPromo Analytics
MobiPromo provides extensive real-time reporting and analytics that enable merchants
and administrators to instantly evaluate and compare a campaign’s performance and return-on-investment (ROI).
From a command position, administrators can review a network performance overview,
run predictive analysis forecasts, or scrutinize every keyword found on content viewed by
system users, and view consumer sessions by location/device. MobiPromo provide administrators an unsurpassed array of reports and tools to ensure the merchants are in control.

Proximity Marketing WiFi Hardware Devices
Available in highly optimized indoor and outdoor models. Devices are 100% Plug & Play –
Set and Forget. There is absolutely no device level management required. Simply place &
connect our Wi-Fi marketing hardware devices. Devices automatically self-configure to a
location, geo-fencing consumers, displaying relevant advertisements based upon location,
and consumer interests, while providing free Internet access.
MobiPromo includes marketing tools and ad delivery mediums to satisfy even the most
aggressive location based marketer’s endeavours.

WiFi Affiliate Marketing System offers Marketers a revolutionary 100% affiliate fraud & parasite free network
MobiPromo includes a proprietary WiFi Affiliate Marketing System that replaces the traditional affiliate website with a WiFi marketing device. Devices are typically deployed in
high-footfall areas and the consumers come to the merchant instead of paying to drive traffic to a website. Systems operate 24/7, 365 days a year. The merchant could control its
campaigns, advertisements, marketing locations, devices – with or without affiliates.
The WiFi Affiliate Marketing System gives mobile marketers the ability to offer clients direct-response sales leads produced from lead forms, make product and service sales incorporating e/m-commerce, and CPM, CPC, CPA campaigns.
The MobiPromo WiFi Affiliate Marketing System has ability to display, track, record, and
assign commissions for any Cost per Thousand (CPM), Cost per Click (CPC), Cost per
Action (CPA), Cost per Sale (CPS) e/m-Commerce campaign, and is compatible with 99%
of all shopping carts. Driving results directly to an advertiser’s portal while tracking and
recording which advertising, campaign, revenue partner, affiliate, location, and device produced the results, and then assigning either fixed or percentage commissions, on a device
by device, location by location performance basis.

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017
Devices, results, advertising campaign configurations, and affiliate tracking information is
completely tamper proof. Empowering every revenue partner/affiliate with the potential to
become a Super Affiliate without wasting a dime promoting their website.
The WiFi Affiliate Marketing System also includes a Affiliate User interface should the
merchant decides to power up its existing affiliates with the latest technology. The Affiliate
Interface provides complete and detailed campaign, device, location, performance, commission, and payment reporting. The WiFi Affiliate Marketing System payment processing
system includes affiliate payment methods by PayPal, Check, and by Wire Transfer.

Video Infomercials
Take television commercial and display it to mobile with 100% attentive audiences. Provides the ability to display advertising video infomercials at configurable, strategic intervals
during the consumer’s free Wi-Fi session. Included Title and linked Call-To-Action areas
allow immediate consumer direct-response and interactivity.
Target audiences geographically, behaviourally, competitor, User device manufacturer,
device operating system, device browser type, day of week, time of day, set start and end
times, and duration. Frequency cap by session, number of views, and advertisement priority.

Consumers register once and automatically connect to every location in
the merchant’s network
Once a consumer registers by obtaining a free access token, they can automatically access free wireless Internet from anywhere within the merchant’s network regardless of the
number of locations such merchant has or where it is located, locally, on the other side of
the country or even Internationally.

MobiPromo Extends The Marketing Area To The Consumers Home And Office
MobiPromo has the ability to extend the proximity marketing area reach far beyond the
original location and to the consumers home and office. Consumers can take advantage
of all of the offers they found from the convenience of their home and office. MobiPromo
includes a web interface that allows consumers to shop from home or office, select offers
of interest, add them to the inbuilt Mobi-Wallet account interface and use their mobile
phone to redeem the offers the next time they are out shopping. All communication emails
and text messages to consumers are 100% configurable. Consumers also have the convenience of adding an RSS feed from your MobiPromo Network to their browser. Every

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017
time a new deal comes onto the system their browser will alert them. Keeping merchant
offers in focus.

Next Generation of MobiPromo System
- DCAN（Decentralized Content and Ad Network）
Today, our AD System is a robust platform all over the world, being able to provide the
high quality advertising services that can satisfy numerous location owners, advertisers
and consumers. However, we have an ambition to build a world wide decentralized content and AD system which is much larger than the existing one. After decentralization, all
the participants inside the system has an equal status and also a high motivation to take
part in the system.

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017
Inside this Decentralized AD System, advertisers can place their advertisement through
the decentralized application and also make payment. The advertisement consumption
will be counted based on the actual pop up number at various locations. The blockchain
technology will help ensure the mutual trust and the payment issues.
Core Issues:
1. Advertisement Effectiveness: the effects of the advertisements broadcasted at the
Advertising locations are to be evaluated by advertisers themselves. And the amount
to be paid for the AD also correlates with the effects of the advertisements. The
advertisers can choose and adjust where they want to put their advertisements in order
to have the best effects.
2. Fraudulent Behaviors：with our system, all responses towards the advertisement, such
as the clicks and etc. will be recorded and accurately tracked. As such, the effects of
the advertisement can be clearly shown to the advertisers and most of the fraudulent
behavior happened in today’s advertising environment can be effectively avoided
through the future Decentralized AD System. And the trust between the advertisers
and AD locations will gradually be built up.
We will work closely with MobiPromo to design a system and to construct a community to
make it work. A decentralized content and AD network will bring everyone inside the system huge benefits, and each participant has his own role:
Role

Responsibility

Issuer

We will, together with MobiPromo, build up and organize
CAN community to be in charge of the ecosystem
maintenance. As the system developer at early stage,
MobiPromo will push the CAN ecosystem to be a selforganizing system, and will eventually be one of the
participants.

CAN Tokens

as the medium with which the AD and content service is
rendered and paid

Location Owners /
Business Owners

as the providers of the locations, they will be awarded
with CAN for providing the service nodes

Advertisers

Advertisers will require the users to pay for the
decentralized AD services with CAN Tokens.
Advertisers will be able to track the effectiveness through
the AD System and could therefore avoid the fraudulent
behaviors.

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017
Consumers

Consumers are the recipients of the AD services. In
Decentralized AD System, consumers will be rewarded
by CAN Tokens in return for their attention and mentality
consuming.

Blockchain Nodes

All the blockchain nodes will be benefited by mining. The
benefits would highly motivate them to participate
actively in this system.

STRUCTURE

In order to complete the establishment of the Decentralized AD System with the CAN Tokens, there are some more delicate design required, in both technical aspects and strategical aspects. Through these designs, the Decentralized AD System will have three characteristics: fair, trustworthy and self forming & developing. The major elements in the design are:
1, Ethereum and the related infrastructure, including Swarm，IPFS，Whisper. These are
not all in full operation at the present time and yet, in the foreseeable future, they will
become mature and usable.
2, The software that displays AD at Nodes：For a decentralized application, even we build
it on the foundation of existing infrastructure, it will be a challenging task to do.
3, Advertising Nodes：when IPFS is ready and available, it will be realized through IPFS.
Prior to that, we need a specialized application to do this.
4, Facilitating the tokens for exchanging and the supported smart contracts.

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017

FLOW DESIGN - AUTONOMOUS PAYMENT SYSTEM
Advertisers pay CAN Tokens for AD services, and submit the required AD. The CAN Tokens once paid will automatically mean that the advertisers have entered into a smart digital contract supported by DApp. Advertisement will be stored at Swarm network nodes and
then be displayed at the locations. When the AD is triggered at the Nodes, the AD will be
displayed intelligently, in order to achieve the largest effect under the decentralized environment. The solution we designed is to identify the consumers by taking note of certain
identifiable characteristics with the consumers (in the case of Wi-Fi, this characteristic is
MAC address) and then link up the MAC address with relevant address inside Ethereum.
Locations receives the AD list, then check on the Ethereum address that specifically identifies individual consumers. And following the nature of the particular consumer behaviors,
we will display the AD that is most suitable for the particular consumer. The identification
message is stored in Swarm, IPFS is an alternative solution. When the AD is successfully
displayed at the locations, there will be a record in Swarm / IPFS. And advertisers may
choose to pay for the AD by two ways: buy in bulk or instant payment.

ECOSYSTEM
Each and every participant who is already inside the CAN Token ecosystem has a strong
incentive to maintain the operation of the ecosystem as well as to promote CAN ecosystem to increase the inner value of CAN Tokens. The Nodes operators are also properly
compensated because they can gain a lot by mining. As such, as soon as the message
passes on, the ecosystem will grow by itself, very quickly.
Therefore, based on a reasonable ground, MobiPromo strongly believes that the number
of service Nodes will also increase drastically and that this decentralized AD platform and
the ecosystem will soon grow into a huge sized platform on which every party will be benefited abundantly.

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017

RoadMap

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017

Corporation Structure
As a limited incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong, the primary objection of Digital
Capital Limited (the “Issuer”) is to promote the development and the application of the centralized (and ultimately decentralized) AD Platform. It also aims to initially develop the decentralized AD Platform and advocate governance and transparency for the platform.
The Issuer would enter into a cooperation agreement with MobiPromo Limited
(“MobiPromo”), pursuant to which MobiPromo will provide full license for the use of its
intellectual properties, and shall be responsible for the research and development of the
Decentralized AD Platform.

CAN Token Sale
The Issuer will fund the continual operation and development of the centralized AD
platform and also the development of the Decentralized AD System through the issuance
of CAN Tokens. These CAN Tokens will run natively on the Ethereum blockchain and will
be offered to backer of this project via a Token Sale. The Token Sale will be launched on
or about [10 October 2017]. Subsequent token sale(s) will take place once the index such
as business size, areas covered, variety of services etc. have been drastically improved
more than 30%, the prototype of the decentralized AD platform has been developed or
whenever the Issuer considers necessary to do so at its full discretion.
Token Allocation and Distribution
The supply of the CAN Tokens is limited to the number of 1.5 billion (1,500,000,000) in total (including those available for sale during the Token Sale) and will be generated upon
the launch (“Token Launch”).
The CAN Tokens will be distributed in the following manner:

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017
CAN TOKEN ALLOCATION
Channels

Number

Percentage

Remarks

Current Token
Sale

300,000,000

20%

N/A

Anchor
Investors

270,000,000

18%

50% of which locked for 3 months

Team

180,000,000

12%

100% of which locked for 12 months

Advisors

75,000,000

5%

Treasury

150,000,000

10%

For the payment of developers or
partners in CAN community

Future Token
Sale(s)

525,000,000

35%

N/A

Total

1,500,000,000

N/A

100%

In line with the project’s philosophy, all funds (BTC / ETH) will be tracked and used for the
following purposes:
•

•

Supporting the current and future business operation, further development and
the expansion of MobiPromo Wi-Fi locations (including hardware investment) all
over the world.
Funding the adoption of new cutting-edge blockchain technology into our AD System.

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017
•
•
•
•

Funding the development of Decentralized AD System.
Acquisition of other companies in the industry.
Acquisition of related intellectual properties for the AD system.
Working capital and any other purposes as the Company sees fit.

The CAN Token (CAN) is a native Ethereum divisible digital token with up to 18 decimal
places. CAN Tokens will be consumed on the AD network as follows:
•
•
•
•

•

CAN Tokens can be used as the medium of value exchange among current MobiPromo network.
Advertisers are required to buy and use CAN Tokens in order to use the advertising services on the MobiPromo network.
Location owners and consumers who browse the advertisement on the MobiPromo network will be rewarded by receiving CAN Tokens.
Business owners who joined in MobiPromo network can give consumers CAN Tokens as coupon or membership integral to encourage consumers using their services.
Consumers could use CAN Tokens to redeem the service or products at merchants shops.

For the avoidance of doubt, the CAN Token holders are not entitled to receive any dividends or distribution of the Issuer or to vote at our board meetings or shareholders meetings.
For details of the Token Sale, please refer to our website: mobipromo.io. Please also read
carefully the Risk Disclosure as set out in Appendix B and, if necessary, please obtain independent legal and ta advices before participating in the Token Sale.

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017

Our Team
Project team
•

Jason Wu (CEO)
■
Holding a Master degree of Electrical Engineering from Tsinghua University.
He is currently one of the founders in MobiPromo Ltd, a leading WiFi proximity marketing company.
■
He was working in Tsinghua University for researching and developing in internet applications.
■
He was one of the founders of Beijing EEE-times company which was listed
on third board stock market in China.

•

James Lau (CTO)
He is a senior Engineer and Software Team Leader.
He has worked in IT industry for more than 20 years and has full experiences
in all fields of software technique. He had led development of many internet
applications in different areas.
He keeps following the current tech trends and now is working on research
and development of block chain technology.
He has the working experience in Oracle as a principal technical analyst.

■
■

■
■
•

Ola Johannes Lind (CMO)
■
Nationality Sweden.
■
He has a degree in management and worked in the United States. He had
led the team to conduct Internet and mobile Internet related business in
multiple countries and has rich experiences of marketing management.

•

William Morris Tait (Product Director)
■
Nationality Australian.
■
Worked in Internet media and IT companies in the United States for a long
year. He has rich experience on Internet product design and development.

•

Richard Sze (Business Development Director)
■
Holding a Bachelor of Arts Degree, major in International Businesses (Japanese Studies) from City University of Hong Kong.
■
has over 23 years of experience in sales development and marketing. He
was leading the global sales team in a multinational telecom equipment manufacturer and from scratch, he had successfully gained the trust as well as
the businesses more than ten major strategic customers in China and Hong
Kong within the period of 1 year and 3 months (2003-2004). These customers

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017
include the famous China OEMs in telecommunications such as ZTE,
Huawei, Konka and Haier.
•

Joey Ng (Business Development Director)
■
Holding a Master degree of Business Administration from the University of
Bradford, UK. He is currently one of the founders and CFO in 3Y5 marketing
Ltd(sub company of MobiPromo), a leading and largest WiFi marketing company in Hong Kong. He also worked as CMO in an APP development company in Science Park for 2 years before joining 3Y5 marketing Ltd.

•

Howard Chan (Business Development Director)
■
Holding a degree from Abilene Texas University, Texas.
■
Has over 20 years of experience in sales and marketing, including assisting
Ravago (the biggest recycle plastic in the world) to open the market in Thailand, assisting Thai suppliers to import rice to Welcome Supermarket (one of
the biggest supermarket chain in Hong Kong) and assisting a petrol catalyst
company in China to sell their products to SK Chemical in Korea, PT Polytama in Indonesia, PPT in Thailand etc.

Advisor team
•

Binsheng Wang
■
The advisor of the organization of Blockchain Researching and
Development.
■
The Executive member of Micro-finance 50’s Forum.
■
The Angel Investor of Blockchain Industry.

•

Haihui Zhang
■
The Secretary General of the organization of Blockchain Researching and
Development.
■
The Secretary General of Micro-finance 50’s Forum.
■
He had been in charge of for many years at Central Bank and Alibaba.

•

Jianping Jiang
■
He is CEO of Zijing Cloud Limited.
■
He was CTO of HUAWEI Cloud Corp.
■
He was CTO of 21 Vianet Corp.

•

Henry Yu
■
Practising blockchain lawyer and early Bitcoin adopter. With over 15 years of
legal experience in various international law firms and leading investment
bank. Founded his own law firm, L&Y Law Office (www.lylawoffice.com), to
provide legal services to the blockchain and cryptocurrency communities.
■
Appointed as the Hon. Legal Advisor to the Hong Kong Federation of Inven-

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017

■

tion and Innovation and to the Institute of Financial Technologists of Asia.
Member of the Technology Committee of the Hong Kong Law Society.
Graduated in King’s College, University of London (LLB, AKC) and then the
University of Hong Kong (PCLL). Has been interviewed by CNBC and other
blockchain media.

•

Johnny Au Yeung
■
Ethereum developer. Former Engineer participating in railway system
development in SIEMENS. Now focus developing on Ethereum and has
developed several Ethereum business applications. Has interviewed by
largest blockchain media in Taiwan.
■
Graduated in Northeastern University with Computer Engineering Major.

•

David Tang
■
Early blockchain participant. Regional Champion of MasterCard Hackathon
and competed on behalf of the Asia-Pacific region in the World MasterCard
Hackathon Competition. He has been invited to join the team in MasterCard
for payment gateway development. Tang is now focusing on blockchain
business solution development.
■
serial entrepreneur. Former eBay project manager. Founded MEWS, an online news platform, and acquired by Share Economy Group Ltd (HK1178).

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017
APPENDIX A – About MobiPromo

MobiPromo is a privately held company founded in Hong Kong. With a strong team, vast
experience and significant IPs to be acquired and linked to mobile advertisements,
combined with a wide network of relationships amongst the shop owners and
telecommunication networks, MobiPromo is strategically situated to lead a project of this
kind, in addition to ensuring that the AD Platform already has a viable business and
revenue model on day one and maintains a high level of liquidity and transaction volume
required to operate the AD platform.
Q1: What is the MobiPromo System?
A1: MobiPromo System is the most advanced WiFi marketing and monetization system
available. MobiPromo has the ability to push geographically, behaviourally, device specific
and competitor targeted, merchant created and managed advertisements, coupons, discount offers, banners, and video infomercials to consumers. We are working on the
blockchain technology in the system in order to make a stable ecology among consumer,
merchant and advertiser.
Q2: How does the MobiPromo System work?
A2: Nowadays, information release has used to by fixed mode like website and APP. Different users have different habit, but have same demand such as to receive coupon in the
shop, to receive timely and effective advisory on the trip. The information releasing of MobiPromo system does not depend on any website or APP that is its unique advantage.
Q3: 5G network has already entered our lives gradually and less people are willing to use
public Wi-Fi. To face the 5G pressure, what is the advantage of MobiPromo System? And
why do people still use public free Wi-Fi？
A3: It is not going to be free at all of 5G data by telecom operators. MobiPromo System is
free, security and decentralized network. With Blockchain technology, each user can participate in MobiPromo network and become an independent node. Based on these nodes,
we would provide more fantastic and useful services for the user.
Q4: MobiPromo has a strong user monitoring and analytic system. How to protect user
privacy?
A4: Administrators can review a network performance overview, run predictive analysis
forecasts, or scrutinize every keyword found on content viewed by system users and view
consumer sessions by location. Based on those behavior information, MobiPromo would
push specific sources. Each account for each nodes is generated automatically through
Blockchain. At the same time, all information must be encrypted, and the privacy such as
phone number and password cannot be recorded.

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017

APPENDIX B - RISK DISCLOSURE

This Appendix B does not purport to advise you of all of the risks and other
significant aspects of the Token Sale. You should also consider any additional
risks and considerations relating to the Token Sale and to consult your own legal,
tax, financial and other advisers before entering into any transaction. In a worst
case, you could lose your entire payment amount.
There are a number of risks involved in this Token Sale, as well as the future
development, maintenance and running of CAN Tokens and Decentralized AD System.
Some of these risks are beyond the control of the Issuer. Each person participating in
the Token Sale (“Purchaser”) should comprehend, consider and evaluate carefully the
risks described below in addition to any other available information before committing to
the Token Sale.
Each Purchaser should pay particular attention to the fact that, although the Issuer is
established in Hong Kong, neither CAN Tokens nor the Decentralized AD System has
any specific physical presence. In addition, the legal and regulatory position of CAN and
the Decentralized AD System may vary depending on the facts and circumstances.
They may therefore fall within the purview of one or more jurisdictions, at least to some
extent, and the legal and regulatory implications may therefore be unexpected.
Participation in the Token Sale shall be taken as an action based upon careful and
prudent analysis and evaluation, and will be deemed as the relevant Purchaser having
been fully informed, advised and willing to bear all of the risks associated with it,
including as set out in this Appendix.
1. AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF THE TOKEN SALE
At the date of this White Paper, the Issuer is still seeking legal advice on a number of
matters including but not limited to the governance structure, operational plan and the
Token Sale process. Pending such advice, some or all aspects of this White Paper and
other materials may need to be amended, as announced on the Website. The
Purchaser should be aware of the risks associated with possible changes, which may
have adverse effects on the utility and legitimacy of CAN and/or the Decentralized AD
System. Also, the Token Sale may be terminated at the sole and absolute discretion of
the Issuer. In such cases, Purchaser may only be refunded with part of their contribution
as a result of the expenses incurred by the Issuer in effecting those refunds in
accordance with this paragraph.
2. LIMITED AVAILABILITY OF SUFFICIENT INFORMATION
The Decentralized AD System is still at an early development phase as of the date of
this White Paper. Its governance structure, fees, purpose, consensus mechanism,
algorithm, code, infrastructure design and other technical specifications and parameters
may be updated and changed frequently without notice. While the White Paper contains
the key information currently available in relation to our AD System, it is subject to
adjustments and updates from time to time, as announced on the Website. Purchasers

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017
will not have full access to all the information relevant to CAN and/or our AD System.
Nevertheless, given the open source nature of the Decentralized AD System, it is
anticipated that significant milestones and progress reports will be announced on the
Website.
3. REGULATORY MEASURES
Crypto-tokens may be overseen by the legal and regulatory authorities of a number of
jurisdictions globally. The Issuer may receive notices, queries, warnings, requests or
rulings from one or more authorities upon short notice, or may even be ordered to
suspend or terminate any action in connection with the Token Sale or the Decentralized
AD System as a whole without prior notice. Furthermore, many aspects of CAN Tokens
and our AD System also involve untested areas of law and regulation, and could be
subject to new laws or regulation, so their legal and regulatory outcome in all relevant
jurisdictions is not possible to predict. The planning, development, marketing,
promotion, execution or otherwise of our AD System or the Token Sale may be seriously
affected, hindered, postponed or terminated as a result. Since regulatory policies can
change with or without prior notice, any existing regulatory permissions for or tolerance
of CAN Tokens, our AD System or the Token Sale in any jurisdiction may be withdrawn
without warning. CAN Tokens could be deemed from time to time as a virtual
commodity, a digital asset or even as money, securities or currency in various
jurisdictions and therefore could be prohibited from being sold, purchased, traded,
distributed or held in certain jurisdictions pursuant to local regulations. In turn, the
Decentralized AD System could be deemed to be a regulated or restricted product.
There is no guarantee that CAN Tokens and our AD System can maintain any particular
legal or regulatory status in any particular jurisdiction at any time.
4. NON-COMPLETION OF ACCOUNT VERIFICATION
Direct Purchasers are required to activate the CAN for OTS issued by the Issuer’s
smart contract by completing the verification process on the Website as instructed.
Such verification process includes but is not limited to Know-Your-Customer (“KYC”)
and anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing (“AML/CTF”) checks. The
delivery of Inactive CAN Tokens to the Direct Purchaser fully fulfills the Issuer’s
obligations and it is the responsibility of the Direct Purchaser to complete the verification
process. The Issuer will be under no obligation to refund should an Inactive CAN holder
subsequently fails to complete all required verifications.
5. CRYPTOGRAPHIC PROTECTIONS
Cryptography is evolving and there can be no guarantee of security at all times.
Advancement in cryptography technologies and techniques, including but not limited to
code cracking, the development of artificial intelligence and/or quantum computers,
could be identified as risks to all cryptography-based systems including CAN Tokens
and our AD System. When such technologies and/or techniques are applied to CAN
Tokens and our AD System, adverse outcomes such as theft, loss, disappearance,
destruction, devaluation or other compromises of CAN Tokens may result. The security
of CAN Tokens and our AD System cannot be guaranteed as the future of cryptography
or security innovations is unpredictable.
6. ABANDONMENT OR DEVELOPMENT FAILURE

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017
Due to the technically complex nature of the Decentralized AD System, the Issuer could
face difficulties from time to time that may be unforeseeable and/or unresolvable.
Accordingly, the development of our AD System could fail, terminate or be delayed at
any time for any reason (including but not limited to lack of funds). Development failure
or termination may render CAN untransferable, of reduced or no utility, and/or obsolete.
7. THEFT OF TOKEN SALE PROCEEDS
There may be attempts to steal the Token Sale proceeds. Such theft or attempted theft
may impact the ability of the Issuer to fund the development or maintenance of CAN
Tokens and Decentralized AD System. While the Issuer will endeavor to adopt industry
best practices to keep the Token Sale proceeds safe (including but not limited to the use
of cold storage and multi-signature authentications), successful cyber thefts may still
occur.
8. FLAW IN SOURCE CODES
While the Issuer adopts quality assurance procedures to help ensure the source codes
as accurately as possible reflect their intended operation, the flawlessness of the source
codes cannot be guaranteed. They may contain bugs, defects, inconsistencies, flaws or
errors, which may disable some functionality, create vulnerabilities or cause instability.
Such flaws may compromise the predictability, usability, stability, and/or security of the
CAN Tokens and Decentralized AD System. Open source codes rely on transparency to
promote community-sourced identification and solution of problems within the code.
9. UNPERMISSIONED, DECENTRALIZED AND AUTONOMOUS LEDGER
The Decentralized AD System is being developed to serve various distributed ledger
systems including but not limited to Ethereum, which are unpermissioned protocols that
could be accessed and used by anyone. The utility and integrity of the Decentralized AD
System relies on the stability, security and popularity of these decentralized ledgers. our
AD System is envisaged to be an open, decentralized community and its composition
can include users, supporters, developers, CAN holders and other participants
worldwide who may or may not be connected with the Issuer in any manner. Given the
diversity of the underlying technologies, the Decentralized AD System is intended to be
decentralized and autonomous in nature as far as its maintenance, governance and
evolution are concerned.
10. COMPROMISED SECURITY
The Decentralized AD System relies on open source software and unpermissioned
distributed ledgers including but not limited to Ethereum. Accordingly, anyone may
intentionally or unintentionally compromise the core infrastructural elements of the
Decentralized AD System and its underlying technologies. This may consequently result
in the loss of any digital tokens held on the Decentralized AD System and may cause
the utility of CAN Tokens to fall.
11. “DISTRIBUTED DENIAL OF SERVICE” ATTACKS
As an open source project, our AD System is connected to a number of public and
unpermissioned systems and therefore may suffer cyber-attacks, including “distributed

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017
denial of service” at any time. These attacks may temporarily or permanently impair,
stagnate or paralyze the network of the our AD System. This may result in delays to the
recording of transactions or inclusion of transactions in the blocks of the relevant
blockchain. In severe cases, our AD System may also become unusable for an
extensive and undefined period of time.
12. INADEQUACY OF PROCESSING POWER
The ramp up of the Decentralized AD System may be accompanied by sharp increases
in transaction numbers and demand for processing power. If the demand for processing
power outgrows that forecasted, the network of the Decentralized AD System could be
destabilized and/or stagnated. This may create opportunities for fraudulent activities
including but not limited to false or unauthorized transactions (such as “doublespending”) to arise. All these may adversely impact the usability, stability and security of
our AD System.
13. UNAUTHORIZED CLAIM OF CAN Tokens
CAN Tokens can be claimed in bad faith by any person who successfully gains access
to the holder’s wallet, email or if applicable, their verification account they have
registered the Website (“Verification Account”). This can be as a result of deciphering
or cracking the holder’s password or private key, phishing scams and/or other hacking
techniques. Subsequently, these CAN Tokens may be sent to anyone and such
remittance is not revocable or reversible. It is recommended that all CAN Token holders
should take appropriate security measures to safeguard their wallets (including but not
limited to the use of two-factor authentication). Each CAN Token holder is responsible
for the security of their wallet, email and Verification Account on the Website at all times.
14. LOSS OF PRIVATE KEY
The loss or destruction of a private key will permanently and irreversibly deny the holder
access to their CAN. CAN are controlled only by the validation of both the relevant
unique public and private keys through the local or online wallet. While it is
recommended that all CAN holders protect and securely store their private keys, each
holder is responsible for safeguarding the private keys applicable to their own wallets.
15. FORKING
CAN Token is developed on the Ethereum blockchain, which is an open source
protocol. Once released to the open source community, anyone may develop a patch or
upgrade for the source code of Ethereum without prior permission by anyone else. The
acceptance of patches or upgrades by a significant, but not necessarily overwhelming
percentage of the Ethereum holders could result in a “fork” in the Ethereum blockchain.
The temporary or permanent existence of forked blockchains could adversely impact
the operation of our AD System and the utility of CAN. Such a fork can undermine the
sustainability of our AD System ecosystem, and may destroy or frustrate the
Decentralized AD System While a fork in the blockchain could possibly be rectified by
community-led efforts to re-merge the two separate branches, success is not
guaranteed and could take an undetermined amount of time to achieve.
16. POPULARITY

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017
The utility of CAN is dependent on the popularity of the Decentralized AD System. CAN
Tokens may not be popular, prevalent or widely distributed after the completion of the
Token Sale. CAN Tokens may remain marginalized in the long run, appealing to only a
minimal fraction of users. Also, it may be the case that speculators could end up being
key drivers of CAN Tokens demand. An absence of active users or low level of
utilization may negatively affect the long-term development and future of the
Decentralized AD System, and reduce or obviate the utility of CAN.
17. MARKET LIQUIDITY
After the Token Launch, the Issuer is not responsible for the subsequent circulation and
trading of CAN Tokens. CAN Token is not money, legal tender or currency, fiat or
otherwise, issued by any individual, entity, central bank or national, supra-national or
quasi-national organization, nor is it backed by any type or quantity of assets, property
or credits, nor does it represent any entitlement to any distributions of profits, dividends,
or any other returns or payments of any kind The utility of CAN Token is solely based on
the views expressed by buyers and sellers. There is no obligation of the Issuer nor
anyone else to redeem, repurchase or acquire any CAN Token from any CAN Token
holder. There is no guarantee or assurance that there will be a market or marketplace
where holders may readily trade CAN Tokens.
18. PRICE VOLATILITY
Many cryptographic tokens have volatile prices. Large fluctuations in price over short
timeframes occur frequently. Such fluctuations could result from market dynamics
(including but not limited to speculations), regulatory changes, technical advancements,
exchange availabilities and other factors that impact the equilibrium between token
supply and demand. In addition, the Issuer is not responsible for any secondary market
trading of CAN Tokens, regardless whether such markets exist for CAN Tokens.
19. THE ISSUER’S EXPOSURE TO CRYPTOGRAPHIC TOKENS
After the completion of this Token Sale, the Issuer expects that a certain portion of the
proceeds will be held in cryptographic tokens. The Issuer expects to convert an
appropriate proportion of cryptographic tokens received into fiat currencies at the sole
discretion of the directors of the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, no CAN Token
holder has any right, title or interest in any such cryptographic tokens.
20. POTENTIAL CONCENTRATED OWNERSHIP OF CAN TOKENS
Immediately after the completion of the Token Sale, a number of individuals, including
but not limited to the directors, advisors and early backers of the Issuer, may directly or
indirectly own significant proportion of total available CAN Tokens. These significant
CAN Token holders will, through their voting powers and abilities to exchange the
Tokens for various Memberships, have significant influence over the Decentralized AD
System including its operational decisions. These significant CAN Token holders may,
acting alone or in concert, not necessarily make decisions that are in the best interests
of the other CAN Token holders or the wider our AD System community as a whole.
21. POTENTIAL COMPETITORS

Near to the Final Draft: 9 October 2017
The Decentralized AD System’s core infrastructural systems are open source in nature.
Therefore, anyone can copy, replicate, change, enhance, reproduce, reengineer,
modify, reprogram or otherwise utilize the source code and/or underlying protocol of the
Decentralized AD System. The Issuer will not control such attempts to develop a
competing system, software, platform or product. Should this happen, the output of
these attempts may consequently compete with or even outperform the Decentralized
AD System, and may render the Decentralized AD System obsolete. There have been
and will continue to be a number of competing blockchain-based platforms that dedicate
significant human, information technology and financial resources to the creation and
deployment of various decentralized applications and/or smart contracts.
22. PRIVACY AND DATA RETENTION ISSUES
As part of the Token Sale and the subsequent verification processes, the Issuer may
collect personal information from Direct Purchasers. The collection of such information
is subject to applicable laws and regulations. All information collected will be used for
purposes of Token Sale and community management for the Decentralized AD System
and may be transferred to contractor, service providers and consultants worldwide as
appointed by the Issuer. Apart from external compromises, the Issuer and its appointed
entities may also suffer from internal security breach whereby their employees may
misappropriate, misplace or lose personal information of Direct Purchasers. The Issuer
may be required to expend significant financial resources to alleviate problems caused
by any breaches or losses, settle fines and resolve inquiries from regulatory or
government authorities. Any information breaches or losses will also damage the
Issuer’s reputations, thereby harming its long-term prospects.
23. TAX MATTERS RELATING TO PARTICIPATION IN THE TOKEN SALE
Participation in the Token Sale may have tax reporting implications and liabilities for
Purchasers from certain jurisdictions. Such liabilities shall be borne by the Purchasers
alone and all Purchasers are advised to consult their tax advisors prior to participating
in the Token Sale.

