A GLOBAL TRANSPORTATION
DATA PROTOCOL WITH
DECENTRALIZED APPLICATIONS

WHITEPAPER
Version 4.0
Last Update: August 13 2018

Table of Content
Summary

03

The Disruptive Power of Connected Cars and Connected Car Data
How Smart Devices and the Mobile Internet Are Changing the Automotive Industry
Accurate Data Modelling To Replace Traditional Data Analysis
Understanding the Connected Car Ecosystem and Its Potential

05
05
05
06

The 4 Core Data Problems in the Connected Car Ecosystem

08
08
08
09
09

Data Allocation - Data for the Creation of Transportation Applications Is Nonexistent
Core System Design
CarBlock Architecture

11
11

Data Collection and Storage
Data Collection Method and Dimension
Data Storage and Optimization
The Importance of Valid Data

14
14
15
16

Data Exchange

18
18
19

Smart Contract Template and Audit
Data Security
Data Storage security
Data Transaction Security
Privacy Protection Module
Copyright protection based on data watermarking technology

20
20
20
22
22

Disclaimer

24

Reference

25

02

Summary
CarBlock is a decentralized blockchain platform and ecosystem that serves the entire
information, Carblock will do the same for data and assets. This increased access to
operation for them on CarBlock, while also attract individuals, teams, universities and
research institutions to join the ecosystem and eventually change the entire
automotive and transportation industry.
CarBlock’s ecosystem is built based on extensive research and investigation. Based on
that information, we work off of the following fundamental principles:
The ownership and interest of all data should belong to the data provider, in most
circumstances, the car owner. First, this is where the regulations are headed
(especially in most Western countries), and second, car owners are the foundation
of CarBlock’s ecosystem and serve as the link between business and data. Our
expectation is that Blockchain and its decentralized nature will provide the perfect
solution for these scenarios.
On the contrary,
CarBlock will ensure the free circulation of data and decrease the friction during
this process. The purpose of transaction consumption is to merely cover the cost of
the system. CarBlock will even subsidize individuals, teams, universities and research
institutions with creative capacity if the organization perceives the potential of
those offerings to better the ecosystem.

CarBlock’s ecosystem.

03

As veterans in the connected car industry, we believe that applications and services
built on car data will present a massive, disruptive force in the industry. However to
date, the development hasn’t reached its full potential yet. The reason why is due to
the lack of consensus among data owners, collectors, and demanders, leaving
interests that are impossible to share equitably. In the past, data owners couldn’t trust
the entity to protect their privacy and have no incentives to share it with them, this is
the main reason that no one has built this technology. These are the reasons we’ve
created CarBlock to solve data circulation problems in the automotive industry
through blockchain technology.

04

The Disruptive Power of Connected
Cars and Connected Car Data

The vast majority of auto industry experts concur that connected cars and connected
car data will be a disruptive force in the auto industry and its peripheral industries.
This chapter highlights the auto industry’s major changes and future trends.
How Smart Devices and the Mobile Internet Are Changing the Automotive
Industry
Smart devices and the mobile internet have had a major impact on the century-old
automotive industry. Not only have they made the collection and analysis of vehicle
driving data possible, they have also dramatically changed people’s driving behavior
with the introduction of various intelligent electronic systems and driving assistance
systems.
Accurate Data Modelling To Replace Traditional Data Analysis
“Connectivity will have a more dramatic effect on cars than any other automotive
technology in the last century. That’s because the car is a great ‘data centre’ with the
potential to collect and share information from a huge range of sources. It will know
where you shop, work, when you drive and even what you do on your weekends off.
Cars will therefore become much smarter and understand you and respond to you in a
- Tom Rivers, vice president connected car marketing,
automotive connectivity specialist Harman
When it comes to vehicle data, traditional data analysis no longer appears adequate.
We’re currently seeing emerging trends in which connected car data modelling can
reliable source of information for making decisions about insurance quotes, vehicle
maintenance, and used car transactions.
05

the of
olddoing
way of
doing business
is much
still very
much
alive, a company
While theWhile
old way
business
is still very
alive,
a company
with datawith data
modelling
capabilities
havecompetitive
a huge competitive
advantage
over
others
modelling
capabilities
can havecan
a huge
advantage
over others
and
thus and thus
withdriving
vehicledata
driving
data
could
offertailored
a more and
tailored
and competitive
with vehicle
could
offer
a more
competitive
package package
to their to their
[2]
[2]
We are
seeing
early
signs
this in
North America
from acalled
startup
called Metromile
We are seeing
early
signs
of this
in of
North
America
from a startup
Metromile

that is able
that
toisoffer
able competitive
to offer competitive
insuranceinsurance
quotes byquotes
allowing
by allowing
its customers
its customers
to
to
purchasepurchase
insuranceinsurance
based onbased
their driving
on theirmileage.
driving mileage.
With theWith
continued
the continued
advancement
advancement
and adoption
and adoption
of connected
of connected
car technology,
car technology,
data will data
undoubtedly
will undoubtedly
become abecome
drivinga driving
force for force
the entire
for the
transportation
entire transportation
industry. industry.
Understanding
Understanding
the Connected
the Connected
Car Ecosystem
Car Ecosystem
and Its Potential
and Its Potential
party
interacts
party interacts
and
and
The connected
The connected
car system
carissystem
essentially
is essentially
an ecosystem
an ecosystem
in which in
each
which
each
collaborates
collaborates
through data.
through
Thedata.
autoThe
industry
auto is
industry
alreadyisaalready
matureaindustry
mature with
industry
differwith different parties
entcontributing
parties contributing
and consuming
and consuming
data. Data
data.
enables
Datathe
enables
different
the different
parties inparties
the in the
ecosystem
ecosystem
to form synergies,
to form synergies,
achieve progress,
achieve progress,
and makeand
transportation
make transportation
safer andsafer and
more convenient.
more convenient.

Auto
infot ainment
s y s tem

Auto par t s
supplier s
Car owner s
&
Car clubs

Navigation

Road aid
provider s

Auto media
Univer sities
and research
ins titutions

Data

4S
dealer ships
Maintenance
&
Repair

Insurance
companies

User- car
provider s

User- car
dealer ships

Auto
manufac turer s

P2P rent al
ser vices

Connected Car Ecosystem

The connected car market holds immense potential. According to Accenture’s report[3],
the global connected car market will reach $840 billion in 2025 (excluding car
manufacturers) with China estimated to take up 26%[4] of that market.

06

China connected car market size
(unit:billion dollars)

2 016

2020

2025 Global connected
car market size

2 0 25

china

global

Accenture’s report on the connected car market

Another report from Mckinsey shows the car data market will reach to $750
Billion in year 2030.

07

The 4 Core Data Problems in the
Connected Car Ecosystem
While the connected car market is poised for growth, the market is currently
fragmented and hindered by the following problems which CarBlock aims to solve
with a blockchain solution.

Vehicles have enabled people to be more mobile and more free than ever before, so
inevitably driving has become a core part of people’s daily lives. North Americans are
estimated to spend over 20% of their lives in the car. Vehicle and driving data can be
used to derive insights about people’s lifestyle and preferences and is therefore
invaluable. Without advanced data encryption and strict authorization, there is a huge
potential threat to people’s personal privacy and safety.
Being that the automotive industry is a highly market-driven industry, it’s not
surprising to hear that companies are facing increasing pressures from consumers to
protect their privacy and data. So how can companies protect their users’ privacy and
regulate data access? This is a key problem that the connected car industry has been
trying to solve but with minimal progress, leaving big question marks around the best
ways to handle connected car data collection and storage.
The topic of car data ownership has always been very controversial. Almost all car
manufacturers have begun to pre-install Telematics Box (T-Box) into vehicles to collect
data. Yet, car owners believe that vehicle data is rightfully theirs and is a matter of
personal privacy. Consumers are reluctant to trust privacy commitments from car
manufacturers and other commercial companies. As a result, there is a clear consumer
need for a solution that ensures that the vehicle data belongs to the car owner.

Unquestionably, the rights to use and distribute data should belong to the person
who contributes the data. Yet, when we drive, the data we generate often does not
belong to us. For instance, the navigation software knows where we are going and
pushes relevant ads. Advertisers, in turn, give money to the navigation company. We,
as data contributors, do not receive anything in return. This is precisely why the
08

connected car industry has made little progress; users are not motivated to provide
relevant data without proper incentives.
While manufacturers and companies have tried to keep things quiet for fear of losing
revenue streams, consumers are becoming increasingly aware of the privacy invasion
and are now demanding rights to their personal data.

personal data are all over the media[5].

In China, people were livid about Alipay’s privacy invasion of their annual spending
data[6].
http://tech.sina.com.cn/i/2018-01-11/doc-ifyqnick7174902.shtml

process.

Although car data possesses huge value, yet due to privacy regulation, companies can
only use desensitised data for application development. Since desensitised data can
it’s very hard to truly promote industry progress based on it.
On the other side, with desensitised data only counts about 2.5% of all data collected,
hasn’t been properly used and just kept idle, there’s no way for the industry to truly
take off from a data-driven perspective.
Data Allocation - Data for the Creation of Transportation Applications Is
Nonexistent

100 vehicles in December 2016, it reported collecting 3 million miles of data[7] in May
2017. Now, the company collects data from hundreds of vehicles each day. Managing
09

which makes getting valuable data a game only giant companies can afford to play.
While there is vehicle data available to small companies, the data is extremely
transportation applications.
In fact, the lack of access to vehicle data has prevented individuals, teams, universities,
and research institutes with innovative ideas from making headway into building
useful future transportation applications.

when a community of individual developers and startups have the resources they
need to develop applications for users around the world. The same thing can happen
with the connected car industry when an open platform such as CarBlock is created to
enable simple, cost-effective, and safe circulation of real-world transportation data. By
doing so, people in the ecosystem can develop their ideas and foster breakthroughs in
the connected car industry.
The viability of connected car applications ultimately relies on an infrastructure that
can support the safe and automated circulation of massive amounts of vehicle data.

10

Core System Design
CarBlock Architecture
CarBlock will build a decentralized transportation data ecosystem through
Set transportation data protocol
Roll out transportation data market
Realize easy data access and seamless integration for centralized transportation
data application
The core architecture would be a 3-layer structure as shown below:

Business Application

Application
Layer

Infortainment

P2P rental

Insurance

Repair
& maintenance

Data Exchange
Website

App

Data Collection & Storage
Connected Car
IoT solution

Backend System

Connected Car

Third party data

API

Protocol
Layer

Data Redundancy

Smart Contract
Template

Transaction Process

Centralized Key

Smart Contract
Deployment

Batch and
Redundancy

Account and
Permissions

Transaction Service

Decentralized
infrastructure
Layer

Security Service

smart
contract

smart
contract

smart
contract

Ethereum

EOS

ONT

Decentralized Transaction

Data Encryption

Other
Centralized
Service

Privacy Mask

Massege Queue

Data Service

Nucypher
KMS

Meta
Data

Decentralized Data Encryption

IPFS

Raw
Data

Decentralized Storage

The CarBlock Architecture

11

Decentralized infrastrcuture layer:D ifferent public chains have provided
different decentrazlied infrastructures, like Ethereum’s decentralized transacation,
Nucypher’s decentralized encryption and IPFS’s decentralized storage. The problem
of that is the bottom layer and its API are relatively primitive with different
limitation (concurrent performance for example), it sets a very high threshold for
end users (businesses and car owners) to use and integrate all of them.
Protocol layer:
hand, CarBlock will encapsul the original interface and integrate all different
functions, set the data protocol and provide open API for everyone to use. On the
other hand, because the current blockchain technology is not mature, the
requirements are not necessarily met in terms of performance and availability. At
this stage we are complemented by partially centralized technologies such as
batching of operations, redundancy of data, and caching. The entire protocol layer
is built by the current stateless microservice architecture of the Internet industry,
with high availability, scalability, and concurrency.
Application layer: Data is the cornerstone of the entire system, so the core
application is the collection, storage and transaction of data. Application
developers do not need to interact directly with the infrastructure layer with all
different public chains, they could greatly lower the threshold of application
development and simplify the whole process by using CarBlock’s program-friendly
CarBlock ecosystem acquire large-scale transportation data, various decentralized
business applications can be built on it such as P2P car sharing, insurance,
maintenance and so on.
Our philosophy is to use a centralized protocol layer to better serve a decentralized
Essentially all data will eventually be implemented in the decentralized public chain
facility, and can be accessed without going through the CarBlock protocol layer,
such as querying transactions through the blockchain browser and viewing data
through IPFS client. Public chain is still authoritative regarding the data and
transactions, and the CarBlock protocol layer is only used for caching and
redundancy.
12

The key work of the CarBlock protocol layer is to formulate transportation data
protocol and interface standards, and implement interfaces based on the current
from the evolution of the underlying technology, so that the upper layer
applications will not need to iterate too much because of this.
In the future, when various decentralization technologies mature, the CarBlock
protocol layer may exist in various forms, such as a lightweight library, and it can be
more convenient for applications to utilize the public chain.
The CarBlock protocol layer code will be open source, ensuring complete
transparency of the technology implementation, and also bringing together the
community to improve the entire system.
In order for easy understanding, we can summarize transportation data-driven
business into two scenarios: data collection & storage and data transaction. We will
discuss CarBlock’s core modules in detail based on these two scenarios and
demonstrate how CarBlock can ensure data safety along the whole process.

13

Data Collection and Storage
Data collection and storage is the cornerstone application of the CarBlock system. By
collecting various usage data of vehicle terminals, it is transferred to the IPFS through
the CarBlock platform. Business applications in the CarBlock ecosystem will be based
on these data.
Data Collection Method and Dimension
compatible hardware
bottom IoT and sensor layer.
The raw signal collected by the
sensor is encrypted by the hardware and becomes the original data. The encrypted
data is transmitted via Bluetooth to the smartphone, or directly through the
networking module on the device. The protocol layer's data validator will verify the
authenticity of the data from the hardware communication. The data is stored in two
parts:
Metadata which only contains all of the dimension information used for the
query, as well as an index to their corresponding raw data, such as a hash on IPFS
(Merkel Hash) [8]. Metadata will also contain some validation data. For example,
data stored based on IPFS will use the same “copy proof” technology as Filecoin [9-10]
car data.
Verified, encrypted, and compressed raw data is stored on IPFS similar
to the integration of compatible hardware and CarBlock, CarBlock will launch a
conforming to CarBlock's data standard, the car network data can be stored
through the CarBlock platform interface. Further, CarBlock is also working with the
car manufacturer to allow easy implementation for new car to be deployed on
CarBlock.

14

The original signal collected by the sensor will be encrypted by the hardware and become
the encrypted raw data, which is then transmitted via Bluetooth to a smartphone or
directly from the networked module on the device. Different kinds of data are
important for different business scenarios.
The Data Node’s core function is to store the connected car data in the CarBlock
coming from the hardware. Then, the data will be stored in two parts:

and indexes to the corresponding raw data, such as Merkel Hash on IPFS. Metadata
will also include validation data such as data stored on IPFS using the same "copy
proof" technology as Filecoin for on-premise raw data storage and validation (storage
availability).
Data Storage and Optimization
Considering that the performance and availability of the IPFS public network may not
meet the production standards at current stage, the CarBlock team has made the
following optimizations:

transaction, they can use a storage service node provided by a third party. In the
early days, the CarBlock Foundation could exist as a third-party storage provider,
providing high-quality storage service nodes in IPFS networks.
The CarBlock platform uses the persistent message queue such as Kafka to balance
the IPFS workload and improve the performance and throughput.
The CarBlock platform will build IPFS private network for read-only data
redundancy to improve data query performance and availability

time-series and multi-dimensional features, the CarBlock team is working on

15

extensions over IPFS to support better storage and access of transportation data.
The Importance of Valid Data
Transportation data is of immense value for the building of applications. To protect
the CarBlock community against such fraud, CarBlock has designed two types of data
validation.
Valid Data Collection
CarBlock requires the data provider to assume two roles - that of the data collector
and storage provider. The data provider is a node in the IPFS network and is
responsible for storing data. This typically consumes one to three times as much
storage as his/her collected data (extra storage space will be used to backup other
miners in the community data). This design helps prevent data collectors from
forging fake data in large quantities to avoid wasting large amounts of storage
resources. For the miners who want to generate huge amounts of fake data for
themselves while their data may still be ultimately rejected and therefore
worthless.
In addition, used car trading is an important use case for CarBlock. Fake driving
data increases the apparent usage of the vehicle, which reduces the vehicle’s
valuation. As a result, miners are unlikely to want to cheat.
In the data collection phase, CarBlock has a data validator to ensure that the data is
collected by the real IoT sensor. In the data trading phase, the data purchaser also
has the right to request a sample from the smart contract as a reference for the
validation test. If any fake data is found, it will terminate the execution of the
contract, and the fake data miner will not obtain any reward via the smart contract.

foundation and permanently expelled from the trading market.

16

Valid Data Storage

small block of random data blocks and submitting a small amount of data. It is the
same as FileCoin, which is also based on IPFS.

17

Data Exchange
Similar to data collection and storage, data transaction is a cornerstone application for
CarBlock. Only when data can be freely circulated and utilized, the whole CarBlock
ecosystem can grow properly.

Data transaction in the data marketplace will be deployed through smart contract, the
process will be as follows:
Set the parameter of data purchase. Eg. Sensor, Scope, Amount, Price, Start/End
data of contract, data receiving gateway, etc.
A pre-examination will be deployed after the request has been sent to eliminate
improper transaction request. (Eg. request that against local regulation)
Automatically generate smart contract and deploy.
If the data owner has chosen opt-in as the default authorization rule, then the
transaction will be automatically matched and conducted.
Otherwise, data owner will receive a request and proceed with a Request &
Approval method.
designated receiving gateway and transfer payment to the data owner’s wallet.
Generate & Store

Data

Query

Meta

Data Owner

Data Buyer

Payment
Payment

Data Exchange
Ask

Smart Contract

Bids

Transactions

block

block
block

block

Example of Date Exchange Process

18

Smart Contract Template and Audit

the system will be developed and maintained by the CarBlock team and ecosystem
partners. Since the owner's privacy is to be protected, the owner's personal
information (name, contact details, etc.) will not be sent to the data user, so any
transactions between the data owner and the business must occur on CarBlock. There
will be more complicated usage scenarios that requires various follow-up steps such as
“quote” and “digital contract”. For example, if an insurance company wants to
provide an accurate auto insurance offer for a California car owner, after sending the
data to the receiving gateway, the smart contract will wait and get an accurate offer
from the insurance company and send it to the car owner. If the owner agrees, some
kind of incentives will be automatically transferred to the insurance company to pay
for the insurance and both parties will complete the digital contract.
Since smart contracts are open source code running on the CarBlock platform, it is
possible to ensure security though lots of means (such as "code review", etc.), and it
believe that the future is inevitable that this platform will become more and more
trusted by the public, extending from data services to subsequent business services,
and with the addition of more ecological partners, to have a more diverse and
booming usage scenarios.

19

Data Security
We can not stress enough the important of data security. So we have taken thorough

Data Storage security
On the IPFS layer, CarBock will use Proxy Re-encryption[13] to implement data
encryption and access control. When the raw data is stored into IPFS, it will be further
divided into two parts: the encrypted string for the random key K (EDEK) and the data
le encrypted with key K, as shown in the following gure:

Random Key K

EDEK
Public Key PA

Encypted Key K C

Secret Key S A

IPFS

Plain Text D

Cypher Text C A

Encrypt data & save to IPFS

Data Transaction Security
When data demander wants to access and decrypt the data, it needs to initiate a
request to the data provider. If the data provider agrees, it will send a rekey to the
Proxy. In this scenario, there can also be some third-party services, such as verifying
the identity of requester, providing access log service, and so on, which will not be
further discussed here.
res—r=rekey(sk s,pkr )
Proxy

pkr
Sender

Receiver

EDEK
IPFS

Data user requests to access & decrypt data

20

Next, the data demander will initiate a request to Proxy, and get a rekey-ed EDEK
copy. Together with the private key, the data demander can now decrypt and access
the raw data.
dek = decr ypt p ke (sk r ,edek’)

res—r
EDEK

Proxy

EDEK’

d = decr ypt s ym (dek,c)

Receiver

edek’ = reencrypt(re s—r ,edek)

EDEK
IPFS
Sender

Data user decrypts data by working with Proxy

With Proxy Re-encryption, we can achieve one-time data encryption + multiple-times
authorizations, and ensure that:
Only the authorized party can use its own key to decrypt and access the original
data;

all data; And fortunately, there is already an implementation of Proxy
Re-encryption in the decentralized world - Nucypher KMS[14]. The CarBlock team can
thus use the existing services and further ease the whole development process.

21

Privacy Protection Module
The Privacy Mask, as part of CarBlock’s privacy protection module, is designed to
manage the sharing of connected car data. It provides data encryption and protection
of users’ private data. We believe that the data belongs to the data provider (car
owner) and that access to this data must be authorized by the provider. This authorization process can be found in the Request & Approval Model and the Authorization
Rules Model.

Confusing strategy: connect a different stage of the trip with a different order.
Blur strategy: within the range of position accuracy, do the offset processing for the
geographical position and blur the exact position.
Random strategy: within the scope of time accuracy, randomize the order of the
logs.

Raw Data

Owner Setting

Filter Layer

Privacy Mask

while also allowing users to disclose more data at will to help further future
transportation applications.
Copyright protection based on data watermarking technology
Data leakage or unlawful data resale may occur after the data transaction is
information directly into the data, which has no impact on the use value of the data,
22

Through these hidden information, the purpose of anti-counterfeiting and copyright
protection is realized.
At present, the most common watermarking algorithms for relational databases or big
data are:
Using the error tolerance of numerical data, randomly select unimportant locations
in numerical data, embedding a small amount of watermark information
Based on the statistical characteristics of the data set, we will sort out different
data set to construct a subset, and use the continuous sequence data as the basic
unit of the embedded watermark.
Our watermarking algorithms will be based on these common algorithms and make
our own optimizations:
We will implement various algorithms according to the distinct characteristics of the
transportation data. For instance, the watermark information generation and
embedding methods will be different for location-based driving track data and
sensor-based engine data to better conceal the watermark information.
Add watermark information to multiple dimensions to improve the robustness of
Part of the watermark data itself is encrypted and confused, ensuring the security
of the watermark information itself.
At present, there are various methods of removing and destroying watermarks
emerge in the market. The attacker and the watermark algorithm designer are also
constantly competing with each other. The CarBlock security team will continue to
develop a higher quality watermark algorithm to ensure data security.

23

Disclaimer
This document is only for conveying information and does not constitute an opinion
on the transaction of project shares or securities. Any proposal or request for offer to
such effect will be made under credible terms in accordance with the permission of
applicable security laws and other related laws. The above information or analysis
does not constitute any investment decision or concrete advice.
This document does not constitute any investment proposal, investment intent or
investment solicitation on securities. This document does not constitute and shall not
be construed as a transaction offer or an invitation to transact any form of securities,
neither is it a contract or promise in any form.

purpose only or represent the industrial average, and do not constitute a guarantee
for the result of user’s participation.
CarBlock clearly states that users with relevant intent shall have clear knowledge of
knowledge and acceptance of the project risks, and are willing to personally take
responsibility for all corresponding results or consequences.
CarBlock clearly states that it will not take responsibility for any direct or indirect
losses arising from the participation in the CarBlock project, including: (i) reliability of
all information provided in this document; (ii) any resulting mistake, negligence, or
information inaccuracy; (iii) or any subsequent behavior.

24

Reference

25

ñ

26

