CARBONEUM
DEMOCRATIZED SOCIAL TRADING PLATFORM
MARCH 8, 2018
(VERSION 8.12)

BY
CARBONEUM TEAM
C8@CARBONEUM .IO

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
ABSTRACT
Carboneum is creating a democratized infrastructure of social
trading platform with a proprietary application. Carboneum is an openly
distributed protocol owned by every single user. Where traditional social
trading platform helps solve complexity problem, it still lacks
transparency, remains vulnerable to single point of failure risk and at the
very core misaligns the interests of the parties involved. The platform will
be completely immune to such problems. It is built to sustain and scale
with a sound revenue model where ultimate alignment of interests is
structured, creating a perfectly democratized trading platform for digital
assets.

1. INTRO
For centuries, mankind has vowed to make simplification of investment
process an ultimate quest and yet countless attempts have yielded only
failures thus far. Investment procedure remains as complex and out-ofreach for majority of global population eligible to advance their asset
allocation effort. Meanwhile, financial tools have become so powerful in
today’s era, as a global ratio of stocks traded value to Gross Domestic
Products (GDP) has been substantially growing throughout decades,
constituting an astounding level of growth from 24 percent in 1991 to 125
percent in 2016, quintupled itself over the past 25 years.
While most people deem typical finance as a tool for their profit
maximization of traditional asset investment, we desire to generate a much
greater impact as a borderless decentralized social trading platform which
effectively channels through the flows of digital assets in the Asian region.
Despite a solid and comprehensive technological impact blockchain has
laid on digital asset & cryptocurrency market, the need of simplified
investment tools in this highly sophisticated field goes far beyond what
we can comprehend and remains of great importance.
Inspired through our extensive experience in building Thailand’s
number one analytical tool and trading platform for stock investment, we
have developed a clear vision of how to make investment in digital assets
& cryptocurrencies simple and accessible for everyone. It is conceivable
blockchain technology is a crucial steppingstone that would pave way
towards endless opportunities for the smartest, simplest and most userfriendly investment specialist tool that might change digital asset
investment landscape one has never experienced before.

Page 2 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform

Figure 1: Macro-level architectural structure of StockRadars, Coinmax, CoinRadars
and Carboneum – Carboneum will be an open protocol built on ICON blockchain
technology for platforms like StockRadars, CoinRadars, Coinmax and other future
platforms, all of which are backed by the infrastructure of Carboneum system

Taking full advantage of such movement, we are hereby creating
a decentralized social trading platform on ICON blockchain technology
with an open protocol and token called Carboneum, that desires to bring
the ultimate solution to the biggest roadblocks in digital assets and
cryptocurrency investment; complexity, overwhelming information, lack
of transparency, lack of decentralization and lack of direction for new
entrants. The greatest belief of our core team lies in simplifying the
investment experience. We strongly believe investment should be for
everyone. Carboneum will be allied with all key digital asset and
cryptocurrency exchanges, making it a go-to platform for digital assets
and cryptocurrencies enthusiasts, to ensure seamless and borderless
experience for digital assets and cryptocurrency investment for everyone.
Most importantly, to guarantee its technical feasibility,
Carboneum will be developed by the team behind the success of
Thailand’s leading stock analytical and trading platform, StockRadars. As
StockRadars, the company has been chosen as an exclusive technological
partner of LINE Thailand (a globally well-renowned chat application
headquartered in Japan with over 40 million users in Thailand) in LINE
FINANCE project, accumulated almost 5 million users. StockRadars also
partners with over ten stock brokerage companies, most of those who have
either global or regional footprints such as Maybank Kim Eng, Z Com
Securities (also known as GMO in Japan), Krungsri Securities (Thai
Page 3 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
subsidiary of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group), Yuanta Securities (well
renowned brokerage company in China and Taiwan), to name a few. In
2017, the company also established a joint-venture partnership with
Longtun Man, the biggest and fastest growing community of stock traders
in Thailand. StockRadars’ commitment to excellence is also evident in its
multiple awards recognition both nationally and regionally, in which will
be elaborated later on. Accordingly, StockRadars team should serve as the
most ideal group to comprehend such task of creating Carboneum, a social
trading platform aiming to revolutionize the investment landscape in
global scale. This ICO project will be in good hands of a team with
extensive experience not only in developing technological tools but also
conducting business operations in investment field, making its greatest
aspiration much closer to the reality.
To sum it up, Carboneum allows users who are not equipped and
content with making their own judgement on digital assets transaction to
simply follow industry experts and copy their trading orders, either
automatically or manually upon final consent after being notified on realtime basis. The platform also promotes a great degree of customization,
permitting users to adjust and match their fees, within a certain range
predetermined by the platform, based on their altitude of risk preference
and expected return.

Page 4 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
2. OVERVIEW AND CONCEPTS OF SOCIAL TRADING

Figure 2: Key characteristics of Social Trading/Copy Trading – 1) Users can choose
expert traders to follow, establishing a ‘follower & leader’ type of relationship, based
on the expected returns and risk preferences and 2) Users can learn the trade &
investment strategies implemented by more than one leader, depending on how many
they choose to follow, and combine them in order to make the optimal one of their own

Traditionally speaking, social trading or copy trading is defined as a
service which enables any users to take a role of follower, giving the
greenlight to them to duplicate the transactions of a leading trader. The
concept was first introduced and practiced in financial market, especially
stocks trading. Intriguingly, the greatest achievement social trading
brought to this world is it allows new investors to simply take a shortcut
and deem the need to educate themselves about financial products
unnecessary. The sole responsibility users have is to make sure the right
leader, whose assets allocation, success rate and risk tolerance are in line
with their preference, is chosen.
The emergence of social trading has effectively minimized heavy
reliance on fundamental and technical analysis. Rather, it overtures the
alternative way of evaluating financial information by comparing and
copying trading orders, techniques and strategies. For instance, as we live
in the world where social media is one of the most important driving forces
in the society and vital parts of our daily routines, social trading exploits
trading data-feeds and other indicators made available by other traders in
the given networks, to come up with successful trading strategies. It is
widely believed enhanced interaction among traders, a common practice
in social trading, signifies knowledge sharing process and considerably
helps shorten learning curve for new participants.

Page 5 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
It is however of great significance to note implementing social
trading for the purpose of short-term monetary benefit is considered
detrimental from the moral and ethics perspective. At its core, social
trading gives the opportunity for new traders to observe and learn by
copying trading orders; to know which trading strategies fit their
investment style and help them gain consistently.

Page 6 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform

3. PROBLEMS
•

Investment in Digital Assets and Cryptocurrencies is Complex
In order to invest, we need to understand – this simple correlation
is proven factual over multiple centuries and across every asset
class. But for those who have little to no prior exposure to any
digital assets and cryptocurrencies, they could be severely limited
to understand the mechanism behind those investment vehicles and
extremely reluctant to enter the market. It is even probable to
mention those who are already trading digital assets and
cryptocurrencies could barely explain the true definition of what
they have been transacting on. The degree of information one
needs to study is absolutely overwhelming, especially for those
without technical background. Ultimately, without thorough
understanding of basic, fundamental and technical concepts and
utilities of given digital assets, potential investors with excessive
interest often left on the outside looking in due in a large part to
reluctance resulted from their fragile comprehension of such
market. Having said that, certain technological implementation,
where social trading mechanism is profoundly involved, can be a
kryptonite to such problems, and in turn making investment in
digital assets more democratized and simpler than ever for
everyone.
Above all, we have extensive experience and proven track record
in building and maintaining an award-winning technological
platform to help simplify investment process for stocks and mutual
funds, in StockRadars and FundRadars, and we strongly believe
the core foundation of our technology is entirely transferable and
capable of replicating similar success in digital assets and
cryptocurrency investment.

•

Centralized Trading Platform Lacks Transparency
Traditionally, social trading is executed on a centralized platform;
an entity or website acting as a centralized agent, requiring users
to transfer money into a server-owned account to set up initial
trading balance. Such agent then carrying out copy trading
mechanism by simply repeating trade orders submitted by expert
traders (‘leaders’) for users who choose to follow them
(‘followers’) and agree to pay a specific type of fee in exchange
for that service.
Nonetheless, the most critical drawback of centralized
platform lies in the fact users by no means can verify if each and

Page 7 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
every transaction carried out by leaders is actually copied to the
followers. How can we really substantiate if strategies
implemented on the followers’ social trading command
completely mirrors that of the leaders? What if there are miscues
or failure to copy trading orders on a timely basis? Despite those
opportunity cost being monumental, the platform in which
operates with centralized nature takes no accountability of such
colossal mistakes. At the moment, there is no such platform able
to provide solution to those disadvantages. Therefore, the lack of
transparency observed in centralized platform is definitely a
glaring concern for the actual underlying of wealth generation
brought by copy trading mechanism.
•

Traditional Social Trading Platform is Seriously Exposed to
Single Point of Failure Risk
Centralized platform is also extremely vulnerable to single point
of failure risk, whereby an error of a single part could bring the
whole system to collapse. The best example, building on the
aforementioned section, is when the server of a copy trading
website is under distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack or
hacked. This could lead to serious consequences such as users’
inability to take the money out of the platform, or at the very worst,
a total loss of money.

•

Existing Incentive/Revenue Structure of Traditional Social
Trading Platform and Traditional Fund Managers Represents
Imperfect Alignment of Interests
This is arguably one of the biggest challenges we aim to take on,
in order to create a truly democratized social trading platform we
aspire to do. Generally speaking, existing social trading platforms
normally act as one of the exchanges and the revenue source
mainly comes from the ‘spread’, which is the mark-up difference
between buying and selling prices. It might also be viewed as a
type of trade commission fee, whereby in each and every
transaction customers have to absorb the spread overtime.
Conventionally, the leaders or the copied investors on these
platforms will be rewarded with spread discount, lowering their
percentage of spread owed to the platform, proportionately but
conversely with the amount of followers or copiers they can
accumulate.
On the other hand, for traditional fund managers, their
mainstream source of revenue is management fee, calculated as a
percentage based primarily, and almost solely, on their assets
Page 8 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
under management (AUM). The industry standard shows 2 percent
as a generic figure for such model. That basically explains why all
mutual funds key objective is to grow the size of their assets under
management as much as they possibly could.
These two aforementioned examples, nonetheless, are
epitomes of severe misalignment of interests because they do not
share the downside risks of their own customers. To make long
story short, regardless of the results of their decision making, either
they make good or bad trades, they still get paid for their services.
Customers still have to compensate them even in the case those
leaders/fund managers fail to bring about the monetary gain they
desire, and ironically, that is in fact the reason why they agreed to
take on the services provided by those leaders/fund managers in
the very first place. Likewise, the leaders/fund managers are not
perfectly incentivized to consistently come up with technically
sound trade strategies, to ensure a good blend of both downside
protection and profit maximization is taken into serious
consideration at all time.
•

Existing Alternatives to Social Trading are Inefficient and Not
Properly Monetized
Despite being overwhelmingly demanded, existing tools in the
market, ones that are trying to emulate social investment
mechanism, for investment in digital assets and cryptocurrencies
seriously lack efficiency and appropriate monetization method.
Technically speaking, these emulators come in the form of
Telegram or Twitter group. And even though they are mostly free
of charge (some might have a subscription fee requiring to be paid
upfront), this again does not reflect a well-designed alignment of
interest and compensation structure. More importantly, the
mechanism behind this is essentially inefficient, as it requires the
leaders to make the announcement in their groups and followers
then have to conduct trades manually. The uncertain timing of
these manual trade orders could be fatal because in investment
field timing is always of essence.

Page 9 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
To counter these problems, we are building decentralized social trading
platform with an open protocol that communicates with all major digital
asset and cryptocurrency exchanges directly. This concept imposes great
significance in ideal transparency, and complete decentralization for trade
order execution. The platform also comes with a truly democratized
incentive structure whereby the interests of all parties are perfectly
aligned. That protocol is named Carboneum, which will serve as a main
catalyst that would eventually help bring ideal ecosystem for investment
to reality. The concept will be clarified in the following parts of this paper.

Page 10 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform

4. CARBONEUM – DEMOCRATIZED SOCIAL TRADING
PLATFORM FOR DIGITAL ASSETS AND CRYPTOCURRENCIES
Blockchain technology enables the community to replace business
activities of individually centralized corporation at a global scale with
networks of open, transparent and decentralized computing system that
work across borders. For that reason, we then aim to create a trading and
investment platform for digital assets and cryptocurrencies which
authorizes the greatest degree of knowledge sharing, promotes the purest
form of transparency whereby all trading activities and actions are
recorded and become totally traceable, verifiable and auditable via
utilization of blockchain technology. And most importantly, we are
extremely determined to build a tool that helps simplify the trading
decision for newcomers, who by and large are not as technologically and
technically educated, compared to those industry veterans, by
implementing the concepts of social trading/copy trading. Therefore,
Carboneum has teamed with ICON Foundation aiming to provide support
for both technical development of our project and further business
expansion. Thus, Carboneum will run on ICON blockchain. We will
closely work with ICON in developing our DApp, running various tests
on ICON blockchain before our scheduled launch in October.
Before we move further, it should be highlighted one of the most
striking characteristics of decentralized platform is mutual contribution.
Every single user is momentous to the success of the platform. On
Carboneum, blockchain is implemented primarily on the fundamental
point of relationship in social trading mechanism, helping the system to
identify and obligate one user to another, or in specific, a follower to a
leader, via smart contracts. It also gives permission for the platform to
standardize rules, penalty and settlement practice through such on-chain
technology. Nevertheless, it is highly important to note blockchain alone,
from a functionality standpoint, is not sufficient to make Carboneum
operate in the most efficient way possible, as it cannot optimize trade order
execution on a real-time basis, whereas timeliness in digital asset and
cryptocurrency trading is of paramount importance. Most crucially,
transaction cost on blockchain is too high and is considered unsustainable
in longer term for the platform. We therefore need to build our own offchain technology, an open protocol tailor-made for social trading
purposes, called Carboneum.

Page 11 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
4.1 KEY VALUE PROPOSITIONS OF CARBONEUM
As aforementioned, Carboneum is a decentralized social trading platform
embarking a new way of digital asset and cryptocurrency trading. We aim
to build a world-class social trading platform for digital assets which is
fully decentralized and totally independent of all exchanges. As borderless
and limitless digital assets and cryptocurrencies are, we are building a
platform that tackles such challenges in a global scale that works for
anyone from anywhere in any markets in the world. Key value
propositions of Carboneum are consisted of the following;

•

Transparency
Decentralization leads to transparency. Each and every transaction
is processed and recorded using ICON blockchain technology in
which traceability and ownership of action are at premium. To
ensure the greatest level of independency, Carboneum will be
working with, but not subject to, all leading digital asset
exchanges. But more importantly, Carboneum also emphasizes on
the transparency revolving around social trading elements. As a
result, performance stats, historical trading positions, transaction
records, of both the followers and leaders on our platform, will be
completely accessible.

•

Simplicity
Trading on Carboneum is exceptionally easy for beginners. Not
only can they win the trade quickly but they also can learn by
observing the strategies by following the right leaders. Carboneum
understands real pain points of users and aspires to create the most
intuitive and user-friendly investment platform, therefore we put
user experience at the apex of our priority list. Our mission is to
replicate how Instagram filters help turn ordinary smartphone
users to professional photographers to the digital assets trading
world. Additionally, Carboneum also offers fully customizable
‘Radars’ technology to help filter suitable digital assets based on
investment behavior, expected returns and risk preferences unique
to each user. Each radar is constructed based primarily on specific
pattern of price movement while also incorporating other factors
such as a significant change in trade volume into the formula. It is
worth mentioning our Radars technology is fully compatible with
digital asset and cryptocurrency market.

Page 12 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
•

Knowledge Sharing
Social trading exemplifies boundless knowledge sharing. It offers
the opportunity for traders to work collaboratively on trading
strategies, either by sharing information, working on multiple
market research or pooling other resources together. In addition,
Carboneum also capitalizes on free flow of information among
digital assets and cryptocurrency investors in the network,
allowing them to exchange any forms of knowledge liberally.
Additionally, Carboneum would like to take the knowledge
sharing aspect to the next level by organizing its own or sponsoring
events, training or live broadcasts, bridging the gap of virtual
world and reality, and promoting not only smart wealth-generating
platform but also channels of acquiring the know-how of making
good trade strategies (see Figure 3). It is also highly important to
reemphasize Carboneum’s commitment to transparency, which in
turn creates limitless opportunities for potential traders who desire
to contribute as leaders in the platform; not only human can be
listed as leaders on Carboneum but robot/AI traders can also
participate in such role. Likewise, not only limited to amateur
traders but also licensed fund managers can similarly join the
platform, enhancing their asset allocation and exposing themselves
to cryptocurrency market, as either a leader or a follower. In short,
Carboneum seeks to be the most democratized investment
platform for all user types, both followers and leaders. It is an
ultimate platform that stages the opportunity for an amateur digital
asset investor to become a high-performing fund manager, and
earn a living like one. This would consequently lead to substantial
job creation, similarly to how Uber plays an instrumental part in
creating jobs or additional income for non-taxi drivers. Carboneum
positions itself as ‘wisdom of the cloud’, a digital asset investment
platform for everyone by everyone.

•

Incentivized Business Model
It is reported by eToro, one of the world leading copy equity
trading website, that approximately 78 percent of all copied trades
were closed in profit since its launch in 2010. This has laid ground
for future businesses where win-win-win situation is achieved due
in large part to perfect alignment of interests and incentives. This
system however still has flaws and will be elaborated further in
this paper later on. On Carboneum nevertheless, by using smart
contracts, based on ICON blockchain technology, we create the
system to lock up leaders and followers and collect fee
automatically when each positive gain is realized. Most notably,
Page 13 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
followers will only be charged a certain percentage of fee, and
leader will therefore earn majority proportion of that fee, only upon
positive trade results. This motivates the leaders to be significantly
more thoughtful and imposes basic accountability on them; they
will only get paid if and only if they bring tangible results to the
followers.
As digital assets trading is completely commoditized,
customer touch point is highly crucial to the scalability of any
platforms. Accordingly, all major exchanges would want to work
with Carboneum voluntarily because their API is completely open
and Carboneum’s platform is built on an open protocol itself. By
working with Carboneum, in returns they will undoubtedly acquire
more customer, gain access to more tools and achieve better
customer engagement.

Figure 3: Interactive communication is valued at premium in social trading industry,
which in turn could potentially provide complimentary business opportunities to serve
the investment community more efficiently. For example, social trading events,
interactive training and live broadcast by trading experts, to name a few

Page 14 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
This table summarizes, compares and contrasts key characteristics of the
system and fee structure imposed on traditional centralized social trading
platform and Carboneum
Traditional Social
Trading Platform

Carboneum’s Social
Trading Platform

Centralized

Decentralized

Trust

Trust imposed on a
middleman to guarantee
security of the process

No trust imposed on a
specific 3rd party

Fault Tolerance

Exposed to single point
of failure risk

No single point of failure
risk at all

Limited to system
owner’s resources

Users mutually contribute
to the growth of a system
that supports infinite
number of nodes

System owner can hide
all the data from user

System may hide or show
data from participant (by
system design)

Fee Structure

1) Spread discount
2) Percentage of AUM

Success fee made from
successful trades only

Fee Distribution

Majority of fee goes to
the platform

Majority of fee goes to
leaders

Copied traders still earn
by making bad decisions

Leaders can earn only by
making good decisions

Copied traders are not
driven to perform

Leaders are driven to
deliver tangible results

Centralization

Scalability

Transparency

Payout
Condition
Ethics

Figure 4: Key differences between Other Traditional Social Trading Platforms VS
Carboneum Platform in 9 major categories

Page 15 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
4.2 BUSINESS MODEL & TRADING MECHANISM – HOW DOES
CARBONEUM WORK ?
The model for major source of revenue is very simple; success fee will be
collected upon each and every, but limited only to, successful, positive
yielding trade.
In short, Carboneum works in these simple steps (see Figure 5);
1) Users can choose expert traders to follow, establishing a
‘follower & leader’ type of relationship, based on the expected returns and
risk preferences, and delegate the authority to execute copied trade orders
automatically to Carboneum via smart contract system
2) In the event that users generate positive results from any trade
orders copied from the leaders, users will be charged a certain percentagebased amount of fee by the system. The system will then transfer the
majority of that fee to the leader as a mark-up for their service, with the
remaining amount being kept as platform’s revenue

Figure 5: Flow Charts of Trading Mechanism and Fee Structure on
Carboneum

Page 16 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
To expand on the mechanism from a technical standpoint, it starts
with a leader creating a copy trading agreement using smart contract on
ICON blockchain with a follower accepting on their terms of profit sharing
model by having a follower officially signing on the contract to start social
trading distributed/decentralized application (DApp), using wallets that
provide web3 provider for DApp browser. Once the follower decides to
follow a leader (click a button), the DApp UI will prompt the follower to
sign a smart contract along with the token allowance to activate automatic
fee payment function and giving away API key to access exchanges of the
follower to the leader/platform.
To epitomize the concept of decentralization, Carboneum endorses
full customization of the desirable rate of fee for leaders on DApp. As any
theory of basic finance would suggest, risk tolerance is a highly sensitive
characteristic unique to any given investor. Likewise, a purely
decentralized platform should allow followers and leaders to arrange
different expected returns and risk preferences and match them freely.
Some investors may enjoy greater magnitude of investment return, bearing
in mind the higher level of risk associated to such option. Other investors,
on the other hand, might be more contingent and have lesser risk tolerance,
thereby lowering their expected return. In the same manner, the different
yet uniquely optimal balance of risk tolerance and expected returns should
be mirrored in the way varying rate of fee is charged by each leader, to
reflect our collective effort to democratize investment landscape and
embrace such diversity. The contract setup process comes with simple
steps but is fully transparent and totally secured for all parties involved.

Figure 6: Technicality of Contract Mechanism on Carboneum – both sides
agree upon terms of contract via smart contract on blockchain

Page 17 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
The leader will provide the access to their investment account
comparable to giving an API key to third parties. Follower then signs the
contract to start copy trading command of the leader.
Follower is required to transfer Carboneum token to
multisignature wallet for paying the fee in the system. Multisignature
wallet can be used in this particular use case of the social trading app
where it does not want to have full access or full ownership of the wallet,
and the application provider simply allows user to login with traditional
username and password - not the private key. This digital wallet however
requires users to transfer Carboneum token, at a minimum reserve level,
in order to activate trading activities. Users who fail to meet minimum
reserve will be prohibited from executing trade orders, let alone using
social trading feature. Further to the process, the order relay*** will
automatically sign and onboard these contract to grant the right to process
future trading operations to Carboneum.
*** The Relay is a computer running our software to operate off-chain
trade order execution via exchange API ***

Figure 7: Technicality of Trading Mechanism on Carboneum – a leader provides
access to their investment account, similarly to the way website giving away API key to
third parties, to Carboneum and a follower. Relay will keep track of any changes in the
leader’s trading activities on their exchange(s) via exchange API and API key provided
by the user.

Page 18 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
Relay will keep tracking trading activities on digital assets
exchanges a user is associated with, and executing the trade operation for
the follower such as opening position, taking profit order and closing
position to the follower account on their exchanges. Once trading order is
executed and positive gain is realized, relay will send a request to the
contract to deduct fee from a digital wallet of a follower. The total amount
of fee will therefore be collected by Carboneum once a given user decides
to close their trade position. In short, a leader essentially gains 10% of
capital gain earned by his followers, 10% of which goes to Carboneum
platform. Please be noted the commission rate is subjected to future
changes depending on the market situation.

Figure 8: Technicality of Rewarding Mechanism on Carboneum – once Relay
spots any movements, it will copy those actions and execute trade orders to the
follower’s trading account proportionately to their asset allocation. In the event the
trade yields positive results, relay will signal a request to smart contract to deduct a
certain amount of fee from the follower’s digital wallet. Carboneum will settle and
collect verifying fee once the follower close their trade position
*** Verifier is the relay which verifies the trade execution of the trade relay ***

Page 19 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
It is of essence to note in a certain situation whereby substantial
gain is potentially taking place, based on a clear steep price movement of
targeted digital assets in a short period of time, and token balance of a
follower is possibly insufficient to pay for the supposed amount of fee,
Carboneum will signal a capital call directly to a follower. A notified
follower then needs to fill up their balance to meet required amount to
continue trading activities.
Carboneum platform also makes settlement to contractual
indebtedness to the system possible in the most transparent fashion, via
smart contract. This permits the platform to enforce follower who have
insufficient balance to pay the fee to settle the amount owed to the system
and leader later on.
One of the main benefits from using multisignature wallet
technology is it helps the system to collect fees more efficiently.
Multisignature wallet technically grants partial ownership to a specific
entity to manage assets allocated in such wallet based on a prearranged
purposes agreed upon by both parties. Furthermore, there will be a
predetermined ceiling for value of digital assets Carboneum can deduct
directly from the wallet but for a limited scope of services only.
Alternatively, the platform can also issue credit to a user who is indebted
to the system.
It is of paramount importance to underline Carboneum’s social
trading mechanism allows the whole portfolio of the leader to be copied
to the follower’s account in the right proportion. Also, as we are not
positioning ourselves as an exchange, trading/following on/across
multiple exchanges will also be made possible on Carboneum protocol,
thanks to our comprehensive API integration. In order to maximize
potential capital gains, all trading pairs listed on exchange are basically
available, to ensure the trade orders are executed at the best prices
possible.
We also have alternative revenue channels in the pipeline waiting
to be implemented in the future, such as affiliate fee from exchange and
offering of other premium features and services which can also be paid
using our own token.
To summarize, Carboneum plans to revolutionize the incentive
structure by creating the ultimate alignment of interests, whereby the only
circumstance the platform will earn money (and the users have to pay the
fee) is when a successful trade is taking place. This is in stark contrasts to
the way traditional social trading platform and traditional assetmanagement company charges their own customers (see Figure 9). The

Page 20 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
leaders on our platform will be mechanically and perpetually incentivized
to make sound decisions, where the best interests of every single party are
taken into consideration. We firmly believe this would be a crucial
stepping stone to create a sustainability for our democratized social trading
platform.

Figure 9: Revolutionary Incentive Structure on Carboneum – there is only one
condition for the platform to generate revenue from social trading activities; when the
leaders lead the followers to profitable trades, a ‘win-win-win’ situation is taking place

Page 21 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
5. CARBONEUM TOKEN (C8)
We will issue our token called ‘Carboneum Token’ (C8), to be used
primarily on, but not exclusively to, social trading features for digital
assets. C8 certainly offers other utilities for premium services in the future,
such as substantial discount on every type of fee, including premium
features on StockRadars and FundRadars application or fee of events and
seminars held by StockRadars team.
Carboneum is also an open protocol for decentralized copy trading
on ICON blockchain. It intends to serve a basic functionality for copy
trading and benefits distribution between copying and copied investor, or
in our terms, follower and leader. Using a publicly accessible system of
smart contracts can act as shared infrastructure for a variety of
decentralized applications (DApps) and platforms. It allows creating
sophisticated platform tailored for investor requirements. C8 token is
smart contract which allows follower to pay their leader and be used in
other activities on CoinRadars platform.
Specifically, C8 token holders will be benefited greatly in terms of
discount on premium services, in which the fee will be reduced in half if
paid by C8 token. That rate will be gradually reduced to 8 percent entering
the 4th year and remain at that level perpetually for C8 token holders.
Nonetheless, followers who want to pay commission fee using C8 token
(to exercise a huge discount) need to inform their leaders in advance. Most
importantly, it is of great significance to note at this stage C8 token can
also be used in StockRadars and FundRadars applications to activate extra
discounts on premium and exclusive features (see Figure 10).

Figure 10: Different discount rate applied from Year 1 to Year 4 to C8 token holders

Page 22 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
5.1 CARBONEUM (C8) TOKEN ICO – ALLOCATION AND FUND USAGE
In this ICO effort, a fixed amount of 200 million C8 shall be issued and
shall never be reproduced in any forms. Out of that amount, 120 million
C8 tokens will be offered publicly at a fixed price of 0.1 USD per unit.
Due to our partnership with ICON, ETH and ICX will be accepted during
the public sale. The allocation and fund usage is as shown below. It should
be noted non-public tokens will be subjected to a 1-year silent period,
effective from 8 March 2018. Similarly, pre-arranged tokens will be
legally bound by a 3-year silent period. Nevertheless, a specific proportion
of tokens allocated to be used in business partnership and rewarding
program (see below) will not be constrained as such.

Page 23 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
5.2 CARBONEUM ROADMAP
The pre-sale period starts on 8 March 2018, followed by the public sale on
25 June to 8 July 2018. Other key dates and related actions are listed in
the following timeline (see Figure 11).

Figure 11: Carboneum Roadmap – the ICO-related dates & the launching
dates of Carboneum’s platform

Page 24 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
5.3 CARBONEUM TOKEN REPURCHASING PLAN
It is our intention to gradually reduce the number of C8 by using our profit
to repurchase and terminate them over time. Entering the second year after
its launch, 20 percent of our net profit will be used to repurchase C8. In
third year, we will do this semi-annually. And from fourth year onward,
C8 will be repurchased and burnt on the blockchain on a quarterly basis
until half of C8 coin is repurchased, leaving 100 million C8 coins in the
open market. All repurchasing effort will be recorded on the ICON
blockchain. Our primary objective is to mechanically but gradually
stimulate the setup of an environment whereby only long-term C8 token
holders remain in the market because, by design, the majority of C8 token
holders will be the one who use the platform very actively and we seek to
create a perfect ecosystem in the long run where only our active users are
our token holders.

Figure 12: Carboneum Token Repurchasing Plan – 20 percent of our net profit will be
used to repurchase the token from the public market, starting at once a year. The effort
will then be doubled in the second year and quadrupled in the fourth year, and remain
at such rate until only 100 million C8 coins remain in the open market

Page 25 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
6. WHY US?
StockRadars is the team ideally made to tackle this challenge as proven in
commendable success and well-documented track record in building and
developing Thailand’s number one online stock trading and analytical
platform with 680,000 app downloads, double digits local and regional
brokerage partners (see Figure 13) and 76 versions updated since
launched. StockRadars also managed to achieve 25 percent market
penetration based on the number of monthly active internet traders; in
every four people who trade stocks online, one of them actively uses
StockRadars. Above all, StockRadars is the only exclusive partnership of
LINE Thailand, the provider of a market-leading chat application, in
developing a service called LINE FINANCE and together they have
accumulated a large and still-growing user base of 4.8 million people. This
is more than tripled the number of people with internet trading accounts
in Thailand (1.35 million as of December 2017, according to Stock
Exchange of Thailand). With the help of StockRadars’ technology, not
only LINE FINANCE successfully approaches the uncharted territory, but
it also empowers people to buy and sell stocks inside LINE application for
the first time in the history of Thailand. The abovementioned list of
accomplishments shows why nobody could epitomize ‘investing made
simple’ more appropriately than our team.

Brought to you by

Figure 13: StockRadars major achievements as of March 2018

At StockRadars, we champion crowdsourcing and knowledge
sharing to the greatest magnitude and we firmly believe the uprising

Page 26 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
importance of blockchain technology would only further signify a change
of investment landscape and provide limitless opportunities in borderless
market of digital assets and cryptocurrencies. We have been relentless in
our preparation process, spending countless hours on research and
development to make sure the platform we are creating is completely
transitional and applicable with stocks, digital assets and other investment
vehicles in the pipeline, making this the go-to platform for the future
regardless of what you are looking to invest in.

Page 27 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
7. BOARD OF ADVISORS
paa

Korn Chatikavanit
Mr. Korn Chatikavanij is a Chairman of Thai Fintech Association. He
served as Finance Minister at Ministry Of Finance, Thailand from 2008 to
2011. Mr. Chatikavanij served as President of J.P. Morgan (Thailand)
Limited from 2000 to 2004; President of JF Thanakom Securities Limited
from 1985 to 2000 and worked at S.G. Warburg & Co. London, England
from 1982 to 1985. He served as Chairman of Bank for Agriculture and
Agricultural Cooperatives until August 8, 2011.

Batara Eto
Co-founder and Managing Partner at East Ventures, Pte. Ltd. Investor with
technical background. Always looking to connect with company founders
and engineers. Mr Barata experience and in startup growth and fundraising
increase the confidence into the company towards a wise and trustful
growth.

Page 28 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform

Pawoot Pongvitayapanu
Pawoot Pongvitayapanu (Pom), often called Thailand's E-commerce
Pioneer, is an internet entrepreneur, and CEO & Founder of TARAD.com
and the e-frastructure Group. He has been active in the internet community
since 1999, and is a start-up investor in more than 10 companies. He has
two Masters degrees in Internet & E-Commerce from ABAC University,
and an Executive MBA from Sasin School of Management. He is also
President of the Thai E-Commerce Association and founder of the Thai EPayment Association and the Thai E-Logistic Club. He also serves on the
Thailand Fintech Association, the Thailand Tech Startup Association,
Consultant for Thai Webmaster Association.

Krating Poonpol
Krating serves as a Venture Partner at 500 Startups. Mr. Poonpol also
serves as the Founder at dtac Accelerate. Prior to firm, he served as a
Global Lead Product Marketing Manager at Google Earth. Prior to that,
Mr. Poonpol served as the Asia Pacific's Regional Lead of Quantitative
Marketing at Google. Prior to that, he served as a Consultant at McKinsey.
Prior to that, Mr. Poonpol also served as the Chief Executive Officer at
Moblitz. Currently, he serves as a Director of HUBBA Co., Ltd. Mr.
Poonpol was named Thailand’s Business Man of the Year by The Nation
in 2016 and was included in Asia21 Young Leader 2017. He has been a
Speaker at Global Entrepreneurship Summit 2016 hosted by President
Barack Obama and White House; MIT Asia Business Conference 2016;

Page 29 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
Guangzhou International Innovation Conference 2016; and Singapore
FinTech Festival by Monetary Authority of Singapore

Kai Tsang
Mr Tsang has more than 20 years of experience in creating digital products
and services which enriched the lives of millions. In 2012, Mr Tsang set
up and managed the App Store team in Asia for Apple. His work shaped
the app economy and created vast opportunities for start-ups in the region.
In the 2000s, Mr Tsang held senior product management positions at
Yahoo!. Products he managed included Search, Answers, Sports and
Games. He created Yahoo! Mahjong, a legendary multiplayer online game
tapping into the Chinese population globally.
Mr Tsang also has extensive integrated marketing experience with major
brands such as Colgate Palmolive and Logitech, where he transformed the
traditional marketing team into a digital marketing organisation. He is also
an advisor for startups which focus in blockchain, machine learning and
the app economy.

Page 30 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform

Somboon Sukheviriya
President and Founder of Comanche International Public Company
Limited, Comanche is now operating in 18 countries and territories in
Asia, namely Myanmar, Vietnam, Laos, Australia, Cambodia, Hong
Kong, Macau, China, Taiwan, Japan, Indonesia, Philippines, India,
Maldives, Malaysia, Sri Lanka, Singapore, and its home base of Thailand.
Somboon is one of the first specialists in Thailand to work directly with
hotel industry computer systems, who believe that the future for hotel
software systems is to provide complete solutions, all of them developed
in-house, and all fully compatible with international standards and local
operating conditions.

Prinn Panitchpakdi
Governor The Stock Exchange of Thailand. Member, Corporate
Governance and Social Responsibilities Committee, The Stock Exchange
of Thailand Member, Securities Investor Protection Fund Committee,
The Stock Exchange of Thailand Managing Director, CLSA Securities
(Thailand) Limited Director, Association of Thai Securities Companies.

Page 31 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform

Wenwei Wu
Ranked as a Top 30 young venture capitalist in China, during his career
serving CyberAgent Ventures as general manager of Shanghai branch, and
Evolution Media Capital as investment director, Wenwei Wu invested in
one unicorn and several startups with multi-hundred million valuation. He
has profound experience and wide network in China’s blockchain and
internet industry. Wenwei is also a CFA and CICPA.

Louis Ryu
CEO and Founder of Shift, accelerator working with the best startups for
Asia market expansion to generate and implement businesses.

Page 32 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform

Sakolkorn Sakavee
Co-Founder of Bitcoin Thai Club and former Chief Executive Officer and
founder of Playinter and Garena Online (Thailand). He has over eight year
experiences in the online gaming industry. Mr. Sakavee started his career
as a freelance writer for a well-known game-focused magazine in
Thailand. He is always creating new things for the ecosystem of online
gaming and the industry itself. His first startup business was Playinter
back in 2009. Mr. Sakavee is also known for starting and fostering the esport industry in Thailand wherein the e-sport "fever" started in Thailand
because of his efforts.

Jakraphan Saetiao
Altcoin Trader group founder with over 16000 followers in his Facebook
page, he is one of the early investor in ICO in Thailand. Experiences in
invest with many ICO from the early day. He helps shape Carboneum to
meet the ICO investor’s need and design for the best value of retail
investor. He’s considered as one of the most prominent crypto influencer
in Thailand’s crypto community.

Page 33 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform

Chalermruth Narkvichien
CEO of GMO-Z.com NetDesign Holding Company. Board of Director
and member of audit committee and director of GMO financial holding
inc. First and only Thai who was named The Best Young Asian
Entrepreneur 2009 by Bloomberg Business week.

Rawit Hanutsaha
Managing Director of Srichand United Dispensary Co.,Ltd. and Public
Speaker at Mission to the Moon. Rawit breathed new life into his family’s
well-known, but dated Srichand facial powder brand. This third generation
managing director rescued the struggling business armed with an
engineering degree from Chulalongkorn University and an MBA from
Vanderbilt University in the U.S. His strong determination and marketing
skills helped revamp the 68-year-old brand, saving it from decline. Since
he took over 10 years ago, Srichand has been rebranded with new
additions to its product line. With significant revenue increases each year,
Rawit hopes to list the company on the stock exchange by 2020. This
marketing guru is also a respected industry speaker and writer.

Page 34 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
8. AWARDS
•

Financial Industry Software at TICTA, Thailand ICT Awards
(TICTA) is the organizer for the software competition, which has
been supported by Ministry of Information and Communication &
Technology and Thai Federation of ICT Technology Association.

•

Financial Industry Application at APICTA 2014, the Asia Pacific
ICT Alliance Awards is an international awards program
organized by APICTA, which aims to increase ICT awareness in
the community and assist in bridging the digital divide.

•

Honorable award, FRIT (Foundation for Research in Information
Technology) organization which supports researches and
developments of Thailand’s information technology. Determined
to be part of developing projects related to information technology
towards international competency standard.

•

Finalist Fintech Challenge at Securities and Exchange
Commission Thailand (SET) 2017, Finalist Fintech Challenge is
award SET and partnership; FinTech foster innovation that
addresses the real barriers of capital markets and Thailand
insurance and adapt to the business model to meet the needs of
customers to have more choices.

•

Stock Exchange of Thailand New Venture Award. The ABC
award was held by 4 organizations; Capital Nomura Securities
PLC (CNS), Securities and Exchange Commission Thailand
(SET), Small and Medium Enterprise Development Bank of
Thailand (SME BANK) and University of Thai Chamber of
Commerce (UTCC) to support Thai entrepreneurs and to be a
stage for showing their new ideas and innovations.

•

Bronze award as private sector at ASEAN ICT Award in 2016.
Private sector award is any application software, hardware or its
combination that serves the needs of the private sectors such as
Industrial Application, e-Logistics and Supply Chain
Management, Finance Industry Application, Communication, eHealth, and Tourism.

•

Rice bowl Startup Award as Finalist Tech Startup of the year.
The award for best Marketing Campaign of the Year and can be
in terms of growth, impact, sales, product or service.
Page 35 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform

Figure 14: StockRadars awards & recognition

Figure 15: StockRadars existing brokerage partners & business partners

Page 36 of 37

Carboneum: Democratized Social Trading Platform
9. VERSION HISTORY
This document is subjected to further amendments and the change log of
version history will be recorded on GitHub. You may visit the following
link for your own reference.
https://github.com/CarboneumProject/whitepaper

Page 37 of 37

