---

1

目

录

1. Program Overview..................................................................................................1
2. Background Introduction......................................................................................2
2.1 Development History of Caribbean Free Trade Zone.....................................................2
2.2 Existing Advantages and New Challenges...................................................................... 5
2.3 Embracing Blockchain Digital Economy..........................................................................7

3. Caribbean Blockchain Payment Infrastructure................................................. 9
3.1 CariNet (Financial Chain) and National Data Nodes.......................................................9

3.2 Blockchain Digital Payment Infrastructure.................................................................. 11

4. The Caribbean Digital Finance Infrastructure................................................. 14
4.1 Caribbean Blockchain Special Economic Zone............................................................. 14
4.2 Blockchain Cross-Border Payment System...................................................................15
4.3 Blockchain Digital Financial Service..............................................................................16

5. Caribbean Blockchain Intelligent International Trading Platform.............. 17
5.1 Current Status and Defects of International Trading Market......................................18
5.2 Solutions for Blockchain Technical Defects..................................................................19

6. Rights Token......................................................................................................... 22
6.1 An Intro to Rights Token............................................................................................... 22

7. Team and Cooperative Partner..........................................................................24
7.1 Core Team......................................................................................................................24
7.2 Cooperative Partner......................................................................................................26

8. Disclaimer of Liability and Risk Factors............................................................28
8.1. Disclaimer of Liability...................................................................................................28
8.2. Risk Factors...................................................................................................................29

1. Program Overview
Caribbean Area is the largest tax-avoidance offshore financial center. By
applying favorable policies in financial service field, the Area has made great
achievements in developing offshore banking, trust, insurance, funds and other
offshore financial institutions. Space for the development of traditional tax-haven
offshore financial centers is being squeezed with international crackdown on tax
avoidance. However, fast development of blockchain technology and digital finance
have become the new engine for financial industry development of Caribbean Area.
CariNet Project is a digital finance and free trade system for the Caribbean
Area, initiated by the Caribbean Free Trade Zone. The project will establish a
blockchain payment and digital finance infrastructures, construct a blockchain
intelligent international trading platform and attract blockchain industry companies’
registration. It will enable the Caribbean Area to become a global digital financial
center and free trade zone in the new era, and create new power for economic
growth within the area.
To complete the construction of digital finance and free trade system, the
Caribbean Free Trade Zone will complete the task within three phases:
Phase 1: Establish an infrastructure for Caribbean blockchain payment to
improve local digital payment facilities:
1） To complete the development of CariNet (financial chain) and national

data node;
2） Develop and popularize digital wallet, ATM and POS for digital assets in

Caribbean Area.
Phase 2: Develop the Caribbean Free Trade Zone digital financial infrastructure.

1） Provide regulation certificates for Caribbean digital finance to attractglobal
1

blockchain industry into the region;
2) Establish a blockchain cross-border payment system;
3) Initiate blockchain digital finance service based on blockchain cross-border

payment system.

Phase 3: Establish the blockchain intelligent international trading platform,
creating a free, fair, transparent international trading environment, providing
service for global trading companies digital finance industry with blockchain crossborder payment system, and attracting more trading companies to enter the
Caribbean Free Trade Zone.

2. Background Introduction
2.1 Development History of Caribbean Free Trade Zone
CARIFTA was founded by Antigua and Barbuda, Barbados, and Guyana on 15
December 1965, with the signing of the Dickenson Bay Agreement (the Agreement
establishing the Caribbean Free Trade Association). They were later joined by
Caribbean countries that had recently become independent. CARIFTA was intended
to unite these economies and to give them a joint presence on the international
scene.
Specifically, CARIFTA was intended to encourage balanced development of the
Region by providing free trade:
Increasing Trade: Buying and selling more goods among the Member States.
Diversifying Trade: Expanding the variety of goods and services available for
trade.
Liberalizing Trade: Removing tariffs and quotas on goods produced and traded
within the area.
Ensuring Fair Competition: Setting up rules for all members to follow to
protect the smaller enterprises.
2

At the Eighth Heads of Government Conference of CARIFTA held in April 1973,
the decision to establish the Caribbean Community was brought to fruition. By July
1974, all members of CARIFTA had signed the Treaty of Chaguaramas to become
full members of CARICOM.
On Aug 1st 1973, CARICOM was officially established and replaced CARIFTA.
The newly-built Caribbean Community is aimed at economic cooperation within
Caribbean mutual market and collaboration within the field of healthcare,
education, culture, communication and manufacturing industry.

Source: caribbeanelections.com

Member States and Associate Members of CARICOM
In Aug 2014, Antigua and Barbuda launch the initiation of Caribbean Free
Trade Zone, aimed at establishing professional free trade zones within Caribbean
Community member states, in order to attract foreign direct investment and build a
top-tier economic zone among the Caribbean Area.
Caribbean Free Trade Zone investment company was proposed by the
Caribbean Community, approved by Antigua and Barbuda Management Committe
of Free Trade and Processing and participated by multiple Caribbean Community
organizations. Capital of the zone was invested by companies focusing on
Caribbean Free Trade Zone Investment in the international industry zones. The
target of the company is to fund for and build 15 free trade zones with local
characters among the 15 Caribbean states, with total investment totaling at $15
billion and total development area at 30 square kilometers.
3

Source: caribbeanelections.com

Map of Caribbean Free Trade Zone Members
Three characters of Caribbean Free Trade Zoneinclude:
Comprehensive FTZ: Caribbean Free Trade Zone is one of the most typical
comprehensive free trade zones. Such FTZs combines its unique location
advantages with shipping, trans-trading and logistics, in order to evolve into higher
additional value, better human capital and more technical intense industry or areas,
gaining diversified functions of global logistics management.
Free Capital Flow: In Caribbean Free Trade Zone, most countries adopt easy,
free financial and monetary policies with little foreign exchange regulations, having
no restrictions on company capital, earnings, interests and dividends. Some free
trade zones allow offshore financial services as well as forex exchanging services
towards non-citizens. Local financial supervision authorities have no regulations
towards financial services within the zone towards legal reserves, deposit insurance,
interest rates, exchange rates and forex transaction: Full principles of natural
treatment are adopted towards foreign investments with no restrictions on
ownership, stockholding ratio and business scope.
High Staff Mobility: most zones adopt convenient entry policy including
temporary resident permit, provisional and permanent pass, landing visa and visa
exemption policies, especially for those who enter free trade zones for business.
4

Most region also relax the conditions for talents employment with no nationality
restriction, in order to provide special preferential policies to attract foreign highlevel professionals.

2.2 Existing Advantages and New Challenges
The Caribbean Free Trade Zone is the global largest offshore financial center.
With stable political environment and tax shelter policies on financial markets,
member states of Caribbean Free Trade Zone has provided offshore companies
with numerous favorable treatments, making the Caribbean Area a reputational
offshore financial market.
Antigua and Barbuda: Largest global registration address for offshore
gambling industry, providing easing industry regulations and best trading transfer
station.
British Virgin Island: Largest global registration address for offshore companies,
funds and family offices, with total amount of investment surpassing the amount
towards China from US, Japan, German, UN and Korea. It has become the second
largest source for China to attract foreign investment, and its actual usage of foreign
investment only inferior to that of HongKong.
The Bahamas: Global largest registration address for offshore international
bank, with more than 400 banks and other financial institutions registered and
operating on the Bahamas Islands.
Cayman Islands: World’s largest registration address for listed companies. Has
become the fifth largest financial center, after New York, London, Tokyo and Hong
Kong.
Bermuda: World’s largest offshore insurance registration address, about a
third of world’s total amount of accident reinsurance. Finance and tourism have
been the pillar industries of the Bermuda Islands.
Grenada: Famous offshore financial center, the best place for entrepot trade
from US. Have access for US immigration.
International offshore companies chose the Caribbean Free Trade Zone for the
following reasons:
5

Easing and Open Financial Policies: The Caribbean Area has grown into an
international offshore financial center for both the instability of international
market and the openness of local financial industry towards global capital. To
better adjust to the demand of international financial development and expand
local financial industry, the Caribbean Area has been adopting easing regulation
policies. Therefore, for years the local policies on financial service have make great
achievements on the development of banking, trust, insurance, offshore companies
and other institutions.
Low Information Disclosure, Strict Stipulations on Confidentiality: Key
offshore financial centers within the Caribbean Area have applied very beneficial
confidentiality stipulations on international business companies registered locally,
such as issuance of non-registered stocks, no requirements on compulsory
shareholder and director information recordings, and no necessary records
requirements on local economic activities.
Low Tax and Access for Double Taxation Avoidance: The Caribbean Offshore
Financial Center impose low taxation on all sorts of international business
corporations, and almost every offshore financial center has signed treaties with
leading economies to avoid double taxation.
Loose Requirements on Corporate Governance: Annual general stockholders
and board meeting of offshore companies are not compulsory. Stockholders have
options for the location of general stockholder meeting, and most offshore financial
centers have no minimum capital requirements on international offshore business
companies.
Convenient Registration Procedure and Low Maintenance Costs: Registration
procedure for offshore companies are very simple, with room for professional
registration agencies providing proxy services. Registrants can complete the
process online, and registration period is time-efficient with most completed within
24 hours.
However, ever since US subprime crisis the international call for financial
regulation revolution has been fierce. Under such regulation tide, it’s inevitable that
multiple countries and regions within the Caribbean Area be affected. Even if it is
6

possible to modify existing loose regulation terns into meeting international
requirements, the Caribbean Area’s advantage of offshore financial market will be
lost. According to 2010 IMF research data, total asset amount of international
offshore financial center has surpassed the economic aggregate of France, German
and Japan, as well as multiple times of other major economies such as China. From
one hand, this has enhanced the key importance of international offshore financial
center on global capital investment flow; from the other hand, it as well has
reinforced the regulation requirements of OECD and G20 on international offshore
financial center. In addition, due to the inevitable competition, the advantage of
Caribbean Area offshore financial market will be adversely affected.
With

continuous

advance

of

financial

globalization,

the

increasing

liberalization of onshore financial center are imposing underlying effects on the
comparable advantage of offshore financial center system. Most small offshore
financial centers run their own local island economies, and their mini scales are
unable to attract large financial business into their separate precincts. Therefore, it
is difficult for them to breed a massive international financial market with high
liquidity on securities, financial derivatives and other products that can show the
development trend of financial industry.

2.3 Embracing Blockchain Digital Economy
Traditional tax havens have been adversely affected by the further crackdown
of global finance on tax avoidance, therefore squeezing the living space of financial
industry within Caribbean area. By exploring consensus mechanism, decentralized
distributed

storage

and

cryptographic

computations

and

intelligent

contract,blockchain technology is making continuous discovery and innovation,
revolutionizing the international financial infrastructure, and is promoting the
development of Caribbean financial industry.
Financial policies within North America have been strict and conservative,
whereas the legal tenders of numerous countries within South America are
infamous for their instability. As the connection between North and South America,
the Caribbean Area has developed its unique, flexible policies, gaining the area
large development advantage using its great geographic position.
7

Geographic Location of Caribbean Area
Caribbean Region has always been a push to global digital technology
development, massive high-tech companies have established offshore firms, in
order to acquire local policies and regulations beneficial to industry development.
Caribbean Region has the world’s most advanced ecological chain system, providing
massive service basis for blockchain talents. Many Caribbean countries have
proposed supportive attitude towards blockchain and digital cryptocurrencies,
planning to realize a economic transform through blockchain and other
revolutionary technologies, to transit from tax havens to blockchain and
cryptocurrencies heaven, creating a global-leading blockchain industrial ecosphere
and international blockchain special zone.
On Feb 21st 2018, the Caribbean Free Trade Zone officially launched the
strategic plan for Blockchain Special Economic Zone. Within this special economic
zone, companies can apply for financial license for digital cryptocurrencies and take
more preferential taxing policies. All the blockchain companies will enjoy tax-free
policies (including corporate income tax and value-added tax), and these
companies’ blockchain assets will as well receive legislative protections. In the era
of global blockchain development, the Caribbean Region is continuous sending out
strong competitive advantage compared to Switzerland and Singapore where
regulation are becoming stricter.
8

3. Caribbean Blockchain Payment
Infrastructure
Phase One Job Content: Complete the construction of CariNet (financial chain)
and national data nodes; Issue the Caribbean Free Trade Zone official digital token
based on CariNet; Develop and spread POS machines and ATMs among member
states of Caribbean Free Trade Zone to resolve the problems of weak local digital
payment facilities.

3.1 CariNet (Financial Chain) and National Data Nodes
CariNet (a financial chain) is the blockchain infrastructure developed for
Caribbean digital finance and free trade zone. It focuses on the fields of financial
and trading, and real-name authentication will be applied on online users. The
CariNet is designed with the following technical specifications:
Distributed Storage: Digital information will be mutually recorded by multiple
nodes distributed in different areas, and each of the notes will keep a complete
data record, avoiding possibility of full control of a single node or fake data record
due to bribery.
Consensus Mechanism: A consensus will be reached among all data storage
nodes to cognize the validity of a record. Such an approach is applied for both
cognization and tamper-avoidance.
Smart Contract: Automatically proceed with contracts. No third-party
institution is needed during the process, therefore increase contract execution
efficiency and reduce expenses. Every counterparty or stakeholder will be unable to
take full control or alter related assets, ensuring the reliability and safeness of the
contract.
Trusted Mechanism: CariNet applies real-name registration system to solve
trusted authentication, guaranteeing privacy through modified pseudonym and
9

access control, butt-join authorized identity authentication (e.g., eID or
multidimensional authentication) to enhance the security of identity.
CariNet will be in charge of the digital asset issuance and transaction data
information recordings, and its side chain will function as the major network for
Caribbean Pirates blockchain intelligent international trading platform. These
technologies above are fundamental elements for well performance of Caribbean
Free Trade Zone digital token, infrastructure of Caribbean Area digital payment and
finance, as well as the blockchain intelligent international trading platform.
Fifteen member-states of Caribbean Free Trade Zones will function as national
data nodes to participate in and guide the operation of blockchain data distributed
storage and blockchain community building. The key importance of national data
nodes is to supervise and promote the well application of digital assets, to track
digital asset transaction records, and to avoid digital asset from being applied to
illegal transactions.

10

3.2 Blockchain Digital Payment Infrastructure
Apart from issuing official digital tokens, the Caribbean Free Trade Zone will
construct a digital payment system based on blockchain technology for member
states, including blockchain digital wallets and ATM for digital assets based on
CariNet. This is to satisfy demand for convenient payment demand originated from
daily commercial activities, and will become the prerequisite for constructing a
digital finance infrastructure for the Caribbean Free Trade Zone.
1 ） Blockchain digital wallet will be applied to the storage, management and
transaction of digital assets. Users can take full control of their own digital assets,
and the application and management barrier of using digital tokens will be greatly
reduced, effectively promoting the flexible application of digital

assets.

Transactions through digital wallets will become a major digital payment approach
within the Caribbean Area.
2) Digital Asset ATM is the equipment for offline digital asset withdrawal,
payment and transaction. Users can exchange between blockchain digital assets
and legal tender of member states, buy digital assets through legal currencies, and
have access to multiple security protection mechanisms based on encryption
algorithm and digital cipher code, protecting the asset safety of users.
3) Digital asset POS machine is a multifunctional device connected directly to
blockchain aimed at satisfying the mobile payment demand. Users can apply digital
tokens to complete payment at various consuming places or make financial deals at
retail outlets. It will accelerate the development of non-cash payment environment
in Caribbean Zone.
Digital asset ATM and POS machine can be applied to daily life scenes, such as
consuming in restaurants, cafeterias, bars and other locations, as well as
marketplaces, office buildings and communities and other public areas.

11

Diagrammatic Sketch of Digital Asset ATM
Tourism is the pillar industry of countries within the Caribbean Zone.
According to a report from the Caribbean Tourism Organizations, in 2016 the
number of tourists visiting the Caribbean Zone has reached 29.3 million, with a YoY
growth of 4.2%, keeping a consecutive growth over seven years and

again

surpassed the global tourism average growth of 3.9% for the third year. In 2016,
the proportion of visitors to the Caribbean Zone to global tourists is 2.4%, with
another 0.1 percent increase.
In 2016, tourists visiting Carribean Islands through cruise ships has reached
26.3 million, with a 1.3% YoY growth and a 33.7% proportion of global cruise-ship
visitors. Within the Caribbean Zone, the Dominican Republic, Virgin Islands and
Grenada have attracted most cruise visitors with a two-digit growth rate; Belize has
attracted more than one million cruise tourists, becoming the eighth tourist
destination that has reached the number.
The Caribbean Area is weak in internet mobile payment infrastructure. Most
local citizens fail to meet the prerequisite of entering banking industry, with about
50% of Caribbean citizens have no bank accounts. A digital payment system based
on blockchain technology will provide a feasible opportunity to better financial
services for the Caribbean countries, establishing a new economic growth point.
Meanwhile, by introducing blockchain digital payment system into tourism, the
12

Caribbean nations can assist its local companies constrained by USA to attain
currency reserves based on East Caribbean Dollars (XCD) and USD.

4. The Caribbean Digital Finance
Infrastructure
Having completed Phase 1 job contents, technical preparations corresponding
to the Caribbean digital finance infrastructure will be initiated.
Working contents within the second phase will be constructing the digital
finance infrastructure for Caribbean Free Trade Zone. It will be based on the
Caribbean Free Trade Zone official digital Token, aimed at establishing a blockchain
special economic zone, providing blockchain digital financial service, constructing a
blockchain cross-border payment system, and attracting international blockchain
industry to locate within the Caribbean Free Trade Zone.

4.1 Caribbean Blockchain Special Economic Zone
The Caribbean Free Trade Zone is now developing a Caribbean Blockchain
Special Economic Zone. The blockchain special economic zone will provide digital
finance regulation certificate service to the companies registered in the zone, as
well as attract global blockchain-relevant industry to locate within. The Caribbean
13

Blockchain Special Economic Zone is born with the following characters:
Friendliest Blockchain Community: The Caribbean Free Trade Zone is now
assisting member states to initiate blockchain-related legislations, granting licenses
for digital asset exchanges, issuing official digital tokens and establishing official
digital asset exchanges, in order to make the Caribbean Free Trade Zone the worlds
top blockchain economic zone.
Blockchain Programs and Enterprise Cluster: The Caribbean Free Trade Zone
has attracted tens of blockchain projects and companies to establish global
headquarters of foundations through digital asset operation licenses, blockchain
ICO certificates and zero tax rate policies.
Blockchain Investment Funds Cluster: The Caribbean Free Trade Zone is the
world’s largest offshore financial centers, tens of thousands of PE and VC funds
have gathered in Virgin Islands and Cayman Islands, member states of Caribbean
Free Trade Zone. The Caribbean Free Trade Zone has become the world’s largest
blockchain investment fund cluster.
Digital Asset Exchanges Cluster: The Caribbean Free Trade Zone has attracted
12 digital assets exchanges to locate within the area through issuing licenses. We
estimate that, by the end of 2018, about 40 digital asset exchanges will gather
within the zone, becoming the world’s largest digital asset exchange cluster.
Digital Token Mines Cluster: The Caribbean Free Trade Zone is now investing
to build digital token mines with a total of more than one million servers in Quebec
Province of Canada and Washington D.C. of USA, gradually forming the world’s
largest digital token mines cluster.

4.2 Blockchain Cross-Border Payment System
So far, the widely-accepted cross-border payment system is composed of
banks, regional clearing centers, central bank clearance systems, overseas agent
banks, overseas central bank clearance systems and international card associations.
These intermediate institutions have formed a sophisticated hierarchical system.
Since the traditional cross-border payment system has long exchange routine and
needs to go through multiple institutions, the transaction speed is slow with high
14

cost. Within the international payment system, large amounts are delayed, and the
system in general is challenged with credit, liquidity and operational risks, as well as
credit card fraud and other non-systematic risks.
Blockchain technology principles and application architectures have huge
differences with traditional centralized accounting system. It has fundamentally
changed the payment system structure, eliminated the intermediate institutions
between payment participants and realized point-to-point payments directly.

4.3 Blockchain Digital Financial Service

Fast development of financial industry has been promoting, pushing and
stimulating international trading, and, vise versa, international trading will adjust
accumulation of financial capital, formulate financial policies, and adjust financial
industries. With the globalization of economies, relationship between the financial
industry and international trading will be certain to move further, and mutual
influence will as well be enhanced.
Modern financial market infrastructure has provided a relatively stable and
reliable infrastructure and environment for global financial market, yet it still has
some limitations:

1) Today’s financial market is composed of diverse different layers of
15

participants, forming a complicated network. Its business procedures and relevant
technical systems are also very complicated, combined with numerous manual
procedure processes.
2) Every participant needs to preserve and protect its own, unique database,
every change in transaction data needs to notice stakeholders and to balance the
account between different systems.
3) There are gaps between transaction, clearance, mortgage, capital and asset
management systems. These are built between different historical periods and no
broadly accepted standards. Cross system maneuverability is limited.
4) Limitations of financial market infrastructure prolongs the settlement
periods, increase the backstage processing costs, as well as increasing the financial
market costs in general.
As a general leger to record transactions, blockchain is entirely different from
traditional centralized, stratified transaction processing and clearing methods.
Blockchain’s unique technical characters can be used to disperse some
intermediate procedures and realize point-to-point direct transaction, simplifying
business procedures, shorten transaction cycle, and effectively lower risks, increase
efficiency and cut costs.

5. Caribbean Blockchain Intelligent
International Trading Platform
Having completed work from first and second phases, the technical
preparation work of Caribbean Blockchain Intelligent International Trading Platform
will be completed synchronously; meanwhile, digital financial service will

be

applied to attract international trading business as the seed users of Caribbean
Blockchain International Trading Platform, and initiate the works for phasethree.
Job Contents for Phase Three: Establish Blockchain Intelligent International
Trading Platform, construct a free, fair and transparent international trading
environment, provide digital financial industry chain service for international
16

trading companies, and attract more companies into the Caribbean Free Trade Zone.

5.1 Current Status and Defects of International TradingMarket
International trade has existed throughout history, and in most countries such
trade represents a significant share of GDP. During the years before digital era,
traditional foreign trade export has been under the influence of sluggish growth in
labor force, resource and other factors, slowing down the speed of global trade
GDP growth to almost 0%.
Under such background, internet featuring globalization and low cost gave rise
to the cross-border commerce to meet demands. Relying on their internet and
logistics system, giant e-commerce companies such as Alibaba and Amazon led to
another tide of improvement: Since 2000, global trading GDP started to speed up,
but it became more vulnerable to the international economy shocks, during the
financial crises of 2008 and 2012, the growth fell near or below zero, and it did not
return to a positive growth ever since.

Global Trading GDP and its YoY Growth

17

Even if we are stepping into the era, we still witness a slow-down of global
trading. Three major issues have prevented the market from development:
Flow of Info: Traditional centralized e-commerce platform determined what its
business model is like. The centralization reveals not only in the approach of data
storage, but also in the direction of resource flow. The platform takes full control of
the trading market, absorbs the sellers’ share of benefit and leads to high marketing
costs of sellers.
Flow of Logistics: One of the important characters of international logistics is
the differences between logistic systems, specifically between their soft
environments. Compared to national logistics, logistics across the globe have wide
differences on physic environment, logistic system, information system and
standardization environments. Unable to make accurate logistics information
tracking will seriously affect the business synergy between buyers and sellers.
Flow of Fund: So far, there are four categories of participants in the crossborder market: 1) Bank Cable Transfer, 2) Professional Remittance Companies,3)
International Credit Card Payment, 4) Third-Party Cross-Border Payment. These
traditional cross-border payment systems are time-consuming and expensive, which
greatly increase international trading costs.
To sum up, under e-commerce background, global small and middle-sized
enterprises’ benefits are yet to be protected, and the whole international trading
system is also facing challenges from flow of information, funds and logistics. A
solution to these problems are in serious demand.

5.2 Solutions for Blockchain Technical Defects
Caribbean Pirates Blockchain Intelligent International Trading Platform is an ecommerce platform focused on cross-border B2B business. It is initiated by
Caribbean Free Trade Zone, based on eWTP (Electronic World Trade Platform) and
set its marketspace towards the $30 trillion market of international trading. The
Caribbean Pirates Platform makes full advantage of blockchain and AI technology,
and will collaborate widely with World Congress of Free Trade Zones, World
Blockchain Organization (WBO) and other international institutes. Blockchain cross
18

border payment system and digital financial service will assist the development of
Blockchain Intelligent International Trading Platform, mutually solving the three
major problems of international trading:

Diagrammatic Sketch of Caribbean Pirates Business Model
Based on eWTP ecology infrastructure framework, it has established a new
business ecologic system more suitable to cross-border B2B trading environment,
including:
Technical Layer: Make advantage of artificial intelligence and blockchain
technology including encryption algorithm, consensus mechanism, point-to-point
network and smart contract, and collaborate with cloud computing, big data,
internet of things, intelligence services and other service providers.
Service Layer: Provide services related to cross-border B2B platform, connect
logistics service among free trade zones, enable blockchain cross-border
transaction service.
Rules Layer: Complete business synergies of both parties ’ payment and
logistics through intelligent contracts, and using blockchain data to establish credit
system and aslo collaborate with all kinds of relevant institutions and organizations,
together formulate and implement rules for the platform.

19

Business Ecology Diagrammatic Sketch of Blockchain Intelligent International
Trading Platform
Applying blockchain and artificial intelligence as the base layer to supply
transaction deal-making and settlement system, Caribbean Pirates Platform realizes
consideration to serial performance, parallel performance, low delay, upgrading
maintenance, bug repair and low threshold, as well as self-upgrading:
Intellectual Transaction Deal-Making: share transaction data across the net to
realize tamper-resistance, apply AI to ensure highly-efficient matching bf buyers and
sellers, reduce marketing costs of sellers, and improve the marginal benefits of both
parties;
Intellectual Transaction Procedures: apply intelligent contract to finish business
synergy of both parties, weaken the effect of third-party intermediary, and avoid the
credit risks of both parties in executing transactions;
Traceable Transaction Information: Utilize distributed storage and consensus
mechanism to store and trace transaction data, prevent wash sales of international
transaction, and realize long-term sustainable development of the Platform;
Realize Instant Cross-Border Payment: Use Caribbean Free Trade Zone official
digital cryptocurrency (CariCoin) to finish instant, cost-efficient cross-border payment.

20

6. Rights Token
6.1 An Intro to Rights Token
Caribbean Digital Finance and Free Trade System adopts the Caribbean Pirates
Token (a.k.a. CIT) as the rights token within the system.
Within the whole platform, the value of holding CIT Tokens is hidden within
the four aspects below:
Platform Services: Allow users to fully enjoy store-opening, credit-rating
and other services provided by the platform, and pay for the lowlevel commission fee to the platform.
Node

Reward:

When

signing

a

customized

intelligent

contract

and record important data on the blockchain, both buyers and sellers will pay
CIT Tokens to the Data Node holder, in order to attract more data nodes to
the procedure of data storage and Certification.

21

The total number of CIT Token is 1,000,000,000, which will not increase later.
All coins will be allocated as follows:

Token Offering: Sales open to investors, providing funds for the construction,
extension, operation and other development procedures for the Caribbean Pirates
Platform.
Ecological Construction: When users participate in the cross-border system a
portion of the CIT Tokens will be granted for free, promoting the construction
of blockchain cross-border payment system;
Strategic Reserve: Maintained as the preserved fund for program development;
Founding Team: Released to Founding team as a reward to the contributions
they made to the program;
Strategic Advisor: Issued to the strategic advisors as a return for resource
supplement in early stages.
Community Reward: Reward to the community activity participants as the
community activity fund.

22

7. Team and Cooperative Partner
7.1 Core Team
Charles Xue / Early Investor and Chairman
The most famous angel investor of China, Wall Street wellknown Chinese investors Co-founder of UTStarcom, chairman
of the board of directors. He served as chairman of
8848cc.com and chairman of xue.zhizhjw.net. Investment of
the project including PCOPP, Autohome, xueqiu.com,
265.com, flamingo, iBokan Wisdom, Iyooyoo.

Frank Zheng / Early Investor and Consultant
Secretary-General of the World Blockchain Organization,
President of the Caribbean Institute of Blockchain Industry,
Director of the Caribbean Free Trade Zone and Director of
Blockchain Regulators. He leads the design, investment and
construction of the official digital asset exchange in the
Caribbean

Free

Trade

Zone,

dominates

the

design,

investment and construction of the largest digital currency
mine in North America.

Vere Hill / CEO
Honor Member of CBA, MBA of Howard University, CEO of
CUB, COO of Global Commerce Bank, Manager of UBS.

23

Hugh V.Jarvis / COO
CEO of ISEED SOWERS INVESTORS AND DEVELOPERS CO.LTD.;
Regional Partner of SDE ENERGY CO.LTD; Chairman, CEO of
SSI&D CO.LTD

Tilmar W.Goos / Marketing Consultant
Goose&Goose Consultant; Founder of TWG International Ltd.;
Program Manager of About Asia; Manager and Consultant of
P.P Trading B.V. CRM

Susan Wang / CFO
Co-founder, VP and board of director of the parent company
in Hengji Limagrain Seed CO., LTD, monitor of Deloitte
Consulting, strategy & operation. She led the team to serve
the industry leading corporations in China and global MNCs.

Maggie May / PR Director
Secretary of the WBO International Relations Department of
the World Blockchain Organization, Vice President of the
Caribbean Institute of Blockchain Industry.

Frankie Van/CTO
IBM Global Solution Center technical director, once worked at
SAIC General Motors,
China Guodian Corporation, Xinao Group and China National
Nuclear Corporation

24

7.2 Cooperative Partner
Caribbean Blockchain Research Institute is a
world class blockchain industry development
platform. It is launched By the Caribbean Free
Trade Zone, and aimed at creating a world’s
leading blockchain industrial ecology system.

World Blockchain Organization (WBO) is a nongovernmental organization (NGO) registered at
United Nation Department of Economic and
Social Affairs (UNDESA). It aims at building a
world leading blockchain industry biosphere and
promoting popularization, promotion, application
and other social commonweal activities of
blockchain across the world.
US National Academy of Artificial Intelligence is a
non-profit, non-party organization established by
US

and

international

universities,

research

institutes, national labs and business companies
with more than 200 institutions across the globe.

Greenfield Capital Group is the world’s leading
free trade biosphere maker, aimed at consulting,
land reserve, investing and developing, operating,
managing and other global investment and
offshore financial services across World Free
Trade Zone.

25

As an international non-profit organization, the
World Congress of Free Trade Zones will focus on
free trading, promote profound collaboration
among free trade zones, discover synergy among
national free trade zones, and develop into a
special consulting agency of UNESCO.
Tai Silicon Valley Laboratory (Tai Lab) was
established in Silicon Valley in the United States
and has a large number of core intellectual
property rights. With the mission of “scientific
investment banking”.Tai Lab's core team has
provided blockchain-related professional advice
and solutions for a number of Fortune 500
companies, technology unicorns, multinational
government agencies, industry alliances, and
financial institutions since 2014, and has hatched
many successful blockchain projects.

Member States of Caribbean Free Trade Zone

Antigua and Barbuda

Bahamas

Baarbados

Belize

Bermuda

British Virgin Islands

Cayman Islands

Dominica

Grenada

Jamaica

Montserrat

Saint Lucia

Saint Kitts and Nevis

Trinidad and Tobago

26

8. Disclaimer of Liability and Risk
Factors
8.1. Disclaimer of Liability
CariNet does not make, and hereby disclaims, any representation or warranty
with respect to CIT (such as merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose),
except those expressly specified herein. Each purchaser’s decision to participate in
the purchase any CIT shall be made based on his/her own knowledge of CIT and the
information disclosed in this Whitepaper. Without prejudice to the generality of the
foregoing, each purchaser will, upon the launch of CIT and accept CIT on an “as is”
basis, irrespective of the technical specifications, parameters, performance or
function thereof.
CariNet hereby expressly disclaims its liability and shall in no case be liable to
any person, for:
1) Any person’s purchase of CIT in violation of any anti-money laundering,
counter-terrorism financing or other regulatory requirements that are imposed in
any jurisdiction;
2) Any person’s purchase of CIT in violation of any representation, warranty,
obligation, covenant or other provision under this Whitepaper and the resulting
failure or inability to make his/her payment or to claim relevant purchasedCIT;
3) Early termination of the CIT crowd-sale for any reason;
4) Failure or abortion of the Exchange development and resulting failure to
deliver the Exchange
5) Delay or rescheduling of CIT development and resulting failure to meet any
anticipated milestone;
6) Any error, bug, flaw, defect or otherwise of the source code of the Exchange;
7) Any malfunction, breakdown, collapse, rollback or hard forking of CIT or the
27

blockchain of Ethereum;
8) Failure of CIT to meet any specific purpose or unfitness for any specificuse;
9) Utilization of the proceeds raised through the CIT crowd-sale;
10) Failure to timely and completely disclose any information relating to the
development of CIT;
11)

Any purchaser’s divulgence, loss or destruction of the private key of

his/her crypto-currency or crypto-token wallet (inter alia, the private key of the CIT
wallet used by that purchaser);
12)

Any default, breach, infringement, breakdown, collapse, service

suspension or interruption, fraud, mishandling, misconduct, malpractice, negligence,
bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of any third party crowdfunding
portal of CIT;
13)

Any difference, conflict or contradiction between this Whitepaper and

an agreement between any purchaser and any third party crowdfundingportal;
14)

Trading or speculation of CIT by anyperson;

15)

Listing or delisting of CIT on or from any exchange;

16)

CIT being classified or treated by any government, quasi-government,

authority or public body as a kind of currency, securities, commercial paper,
negotiable instrument, investment or otherwise that may be banned, regulated or
subject to certain legal restrictions;
17)

Any risk factors disclosed in this Whitepaper and any damage, loss,

claim, liability, punishment, cost or other adverse impact that is caused by,
associated with, in connection with, incidental to or consequential to that risk factor.

8.2. Risk Factors
CariNet believes that there are numerous risks involved in the development,
maintenance and running of CIT, many of which are beyond the control of CariNet.
28

Each CIT purchaser should peruse, comprehend and consider carefully the risks
described below in addition to the other information stated herein before deciding
to participate in the CIT crowd-sale campaign.
Each CIT purchaser should pay particular attention to the fact that, while
CariNet is established in the Republic of Singapore, CIT lie in cyberspace only
without physical presence and hence do not fall within or pertain to any specific
jurisdiction.
Participating in the CIT crowd-sale campaign shall be an action based upon
prudent decision and will be deemed as the relevant CIT purchaser having been
fully aware of and agreed to take all the risks below.
1) Termination of the Campaign
The CIT crowd-sale campaign may be early terminated, in case of which a
purchaser may only be refunded with part of his/her payment as a result of the
Bitcoin / Ether price volatility and/or the expenses incurred by CariNet.
2) Insufficient Information Availability
CIT and its application are at the stage of development as of the date of this
Whitepaper and its philosophy, consensus mechanism, algorithm, code and other
technical specifications and parameters could be updated and changed frequently
and constantly. While this Whitepaper has contained the then up-to-date key
information of CIT, it is not absolutely complete and is subject to adjustments and
updates that CariNet might make from time to time for certain purposes. CariNet is
not in a position, nor obliged, to keep the purchasers closely posted on every detail
of CIT development (including its progress and expected milestones no matter
whether rescheduled or not) and therefore will not necessarily provide the
purchasers with timely and full access to all the information relating to CIT that may
emerge from time to time. The insufficiency of information disclosure is inevitable
and reasonable.
3) Regulatory Measures
Crypto-tokens are being, or may be, overseen by the regulatory authorities of
various jurisdictions. CariNet may receive queries, notices, warnings, requests or
29

rulings from one or more regulatory authorities from time to time, or may even be
ordered to suspend or discontinue any action in connection with the Campaign. The
development, marketing, promotion or otherwise of the CIT crowd-sale campaign
may be seriously affected, hindered or terminated as a result. And since regulatory
policies could change from time to time, existing regulatory permission or tolerance
on the CIT crowd-sale campaign in any jurisdiction could be just temporary. CIT
could be defined from time to time as virtual commodity, digital asset or even
securities or currency in various jurisdictions and therefore could be prohibited
from being traded or held in certain jurisdictions pursuant to local regulatory
requirements.
4) Cryptography
Cryptography is evolving and cannot guarantee absolute security at all times.
Advances in cryptography, such as code cracking, or technical advances such as the
development of quantum computers, could present risks to all cryptography-based
tokens including CIT. This could result in the theft, loss, disappearance, destruction
or devaluation of the CIT held by any person. To a reasonable extent, CariNet will
be prepared to take proactive or remedial steps to update the protocol underlying
CIT. In response to any advances in cryptography and to incorporate additional
reasonable security measures where appropriate. The future of cryptography or
security innovations is unpredictable while CariNet will try its best to accommodate
the continuing changes in the domains of cryptography andsecurity.
5) Development Failure or Abortion
CIT is still in the process of development, rather than a finished product ready
to launch. Due to the technological complexity of the CIT system, CariNet could be
faced with unforeseeable and/or insurmountable difficulties from time to time.
Accordingly, the development of CIT and its use cases, such as exchanges and user
adoptions, could fail or abort at any time for any cause (including insufficiency of
funds). The development failure or abortion would result in non-availability of the
purchased CIT for crowd-sale to any purchaser.
6) Theft of Crowd-sale Proceeds

30

There may be attempts to steal the crowd-sale proceeds received by CariNet
(including the fiat currency amount converted therefrom). Such a theft or
attempted theft may affect the ability of CariNet to fund the development of CIT.
While CariNet will adopt cutting-edge technical solutions to keep the crowd-sale
proceeds safe, certain cyber thefts could be hardly unpreventable.
7) Flaws in Source Code
Nobody can guarantee the source code of CIT to be flaw-free. It may contain
certain flaws, errors, defects and bugs, which may disable some functionality for
users, expose users’ information or otherwise. Such flaws, if any, would
compromise the usability, stability, and/or security of CIT and consequently bring
adverse impact on the value of CIT. Open source codes rely on transparency to
promote community-sourced identification and solution of problems within the
code. CariNet will work closely together with the CIT community to keep improving,
optimizing and perfecting the source code of CIT onwards.
8) Permissioned, Decentralized and Autonomous Ledger
There are three prevailing categories of distributed ledger adopted among the
contemporary blockchain projects, namely, permissioned ledger, consortium ledger
and private ledger. CIT’s underlying distributed ledger is an permissioned one, which
means it is publicly accessible and useable by everyone on a permission-free basis.
While CIT is initially developed by CariNet, it is not owned, operated or otherwise
controlled by CariNet. The community of CIT which is spontaneously formed and
open, decentralized and admission-free, is composed of users, fans, developers, CIT
holders and other participants worldwide who are mostly not connected with
CariNet in any manner. Such a community will be decentralized and autonomous
with regards to the maintenance, governance and evolution of CIT while CariNet will
merely be an active player in the community peer to others without express or
implied authority, irrespective of its earlier efforts and contributions to the genesis
of CIT. As a result, it is not at the mercy of CariNet about how CIT would be
governed or evolve after its initial launch.
9) Update of Source Code
The source code of CIT is open and could be updated, amended, altered or
31

modified from time to time by any member of the community of CIT. Nobody is
able to foresee or guarantee the precise result of an update, amendment,
alteration or modification. As a result, any update, amendment, alteration or
modification could lead to an unexpected or unintended outcome that adversely
affects CIT’s operation or CIT’s value.
10)

Security Weakness

The blockchain of CIT rests on open-source software and is an permissioned
distributed ledger. Regardless of CariNet’s effort to keep the CIT system secure,
anyone may intentionally or unintentionally introduce weaknesses or bugs into the
core infrastructural elements of CIT which the security measures adopted by
CariNet may be unable to prevent or remedy. This may consequently result in the
loss of CIT or any other digital tokens held by a purchaser.
11)

“Distributed Denial of Service” Attack

The Ethereum is designed to be public and permissioned and therefore may
suffer cyber-attacks of “distributed denial of service” from time to time. Such
attacks will adversely affect, stagnate or paralyse the network of the CIT and
accordingly render the transactions thereon delayed to be recorded or included in
the blocks of the Ethereum blockchain or even temporarily unable to be performed.
12)

Insufficiency of Processing Power

The rapid growth of CIT will be accompanied by a surge of transaction
numbers and demand of processing power. If the demand of processing power
outgrows how much the nodes of the Ethereum blockchain network can provide,
the network of CIT could be destabilized and/or stagnated and could lead to
fraudulent or false transactions such as “double-spending”. In the worse-case
scenario, the CIT held by the purchasers could be lost and rollback or even hard
forking of the blockchain of the Ethereum could be triggered. All these issues may
harm the usability, stability and security of CIT and the value of CIT.
13)

Unauthorized Claim of CIT for Crowd-sale

Any person who gains access to the CIT purchaser’s registered email or
32

registered account by deciphering or cracking the purchaser’s password will be able
to claim the purchased CIT for crowd-sale in bad faith. As such, the relevant
purchased CIT for crowd-sale may be mis-sent to the person whoever claims that
the same through the purchaser’s registered email or registered account, which
sending is not revocable or reversible. Each CIT purchaser shall take care of the
security of his/her registered email and registered account throughout by taking
such actions as: (i) using a highly secure password; (ii) refraining from opening or
responding to any scam emails; and (iii) keeping strictly confidential all the secret or
personal information about himself/herself.
14)

Private Key of CIT Wallet

The loss or destruction of a private key required to access CIT may be
irreversible. CIT are controllable only by possessing both the relevant unique public
and private keys through the local or online CIT wallet. Each purchaser is required
to safeguard the private keys contained in his/her own CIT wallet(s). Where such
private key of a CIT purchaser is lost, missing, divulged, destroyed or otherwise
compromised, neither CariNet nor anyone else will be able to help the purchaser
access or retrieve the related CIT.
15)

Popularity

The value of CIT hinges on the popularity of the CIT system. CIT is not expected
to be popular, prevalent or widely used directly after the Launch. The worst-case
scenario is that CIT may even remain marginalized in the long run, appealing to only
a minimal portion of the users. By contrast, a significant portion of CIT demand
could be of speculative nature. The lack of users may result in increasing volatility
of CIT market price and consequently compromise CIT’s long-term development.
CariNet will not (nor has the responsibility to) stabilize or otherwise affect CIT
market price if there is any such price.
16)

Liquidity

CIT is not a currency issued by any individual, entity, central bank or national,
supra-national or quasi-national organisation, nor is it backed by any hard assets or
other credit. The circulation and trading of CIT on the market are not what CariNet
is responsible for or pursues. Trading of CIT merely depends on the consensus on its
33

value between the relevant market participants. Nobody is obliged to redeem or
purchase any CIT from any CIT holder (including the purchasers). Nor does anyone
guarantee the liquidity or market price of CIT to any extent at any time. To divest
his/her CIT, a CIT holder would have to locate one or more willing buyers to
purchase the same at a mutually agreed price, which attempt could be costly and
time-consuming and does not necessarily bear fruit. And there could be no cryptocurrency exchange or other marketplace having CIT listed thereon for trading.
17)

Price Volatility

Cryptographic tokens, if traded on public markets, usually have extremely
volatile prices. Fluctuations in price over short periods of time frequently occur,
which price may be denominated in Bitcoin, Ether, US Dollars or any other fiat
currency. Such fluctuations could result from market forces (including speculations),
regulatory changes, technical innovations, availability of exchanges and other
objective factors and represent changes in the balance of supply and demand.
CariNet is not responsible for any secondary market trading of CIT no matter
whether or not there would be such markets for CIT. Therefore, CariNet neither is
obliged to tame the price volatility of CIT nor cares about that. The risks associated
with CIT trading price have to be taken by the CIT traders themselves.
18)

Competition

CIT’s underlying protocol is based on an open-source computer software such
that nobody claims copyright or any other type of intellectual property right of the
source code. As a result, anyone can legally copy, replicate, reproduce, engineer,
modify, upgrade, improve, recode, reprogram or otherwise utilize the source code
and/or underlying protocol of CIT in an attempt to develop a competing protocol,
software, system or virtual platform or virtual machine, which is out of CariNet’s
control and may consequently compete with or even overshadow or overtake CIT.
CariNet will in no case be capable of eliminating, preventing, restricting or
minimizing such competing efforts that aim to contest with or overtake CIT.

34

36

