Cashbery Coin (CBC)

White Paper

Cashbery Coin © 2018
Version: 02 \ EN
https://www.cashberycoin.com

Introduction

2

Cryptocurrency definition

2

Cryptocurrency market overview (according to 2017-2018 data)

2

Current cryptocurrency market problems

3

Low speed of transactions

3

High transaction costs

3

PoW algorithm (Proof-of-Work)

3

Description

3

PoW algorithm problems

4

Mining

4

Centralization

4

PoS algorithm (Proof-of-Stake)
Validator selection
Cashbery Coin (CBC) cryptocurrency and its algorithm

5
5
6

Overview

6

Algorithm of consensus

6

The Cashbery Coin area of application

7

For customers

7

For business

7

Cashbery Coin advantages

8

Decentralization

8

Forecasted transaction speed

9

Security
The CBC roadmap

10
10

The global expansion plan

11

The initial coin offering (ICO)

11

ICO Terms and Conditions

12

The goal of the initial coin offering

12

The application of obtained resources

12

The Cashbery ecosystem

13

Team Cashbery Coin

14

Advisors

16

1 / 17

Introduction
Cryptocurrencies have entered into our lives and become increasingly important. Many people
were attracted by the impressive market growth in 2017; we can notice a positive trend on any
long-term period through many indexes. However, each of the five cryptocurrencies with the
biggest capitalization has some major setbacks as of the first quarter of 2018 which make them
inefficient as a payment system; developing new solutions is very slow.
Ethereum-like networks have been created for the smart contract using which makes them even
more unusable as payment systems. Some networks, Ripple-like, have been developed as
centralized venture startups, that’s why we can’t consider them as protected way of transferring of
the value. The Bitcoin Cash and the Litecoin are derivatives from the Bitcoin network. They
appeared as upgraded and advanced versions of the primary network, however, they have an
arguable reputation because of the informational noise, accompanying to their launching and
development, and distrusting from many Bitcoin users.
So, despite the global interest in cryptocurrencies, there are no technical solutions, that is
decentralized and independent from third parties, which can fully provide safety of transactions and
confidence in blockchain-based payment systems on the market. The Cashbery Coin is intended
to be such solution, using PoW/PoS algorithm for providing decentralization, safety, speed and low
transaction costs.

Cryptocurrency definition
Cryptocurrency is a digital currency that uses encryption (cryptography) for the provision of
emission and transaction verification. Transactions are enroll in a decentralized registry called the
blockchain. Mining issues currency units.

Cryptocurrency market overview (according to 2017-2018 data)
●
●

●
●
●

The total capitalization of all cryptocurrencies increased from $18 to $800 billion in 2017.
The market grew up by 3,550%.
Bitcoin - the first cryptocurrency ever - had $972 rate on the January 1 and $13,411 rate on
the December 31. Moreover, the maximum rate was in the middle of the December $20,000.
Litecoin - popular Bitcoin derivative - rose up by 5,300%.
Ether cryptocurrency, used in the Ethereum network and intended for the smart contract
using, had a growth rate of 10,000%.
Ripple, created for international transactions, rose by impressive 43,000%.

Despite the fact, that there was significant cryptocurrency market growth in 2017, the current total
capitalization is $264,000,000,000, which is a comparably low amount for the conservative
currency system. We can conclude, that there still will be great cryptocurrency market growth
against the aggressive investors and customers’ interest background. At the same time, there is a
number of obstacles on this way, and many of them are due to the imperfection of cryptocurrency
systems themselves.

2 / 17

Current cryptocurrency market problems
Low speed of transactions
One of the main cryptocurrency disadvantages is the low speed of transactions in whatever current
algorithm is using. Blockchain technology, developed as the solution that provides high-speed of
transactions, mostly cannot compete with traditional ways of payments.
It is obvious today that those problems associated with scalability are the prime cause of the low
speed of transactions. The number of cryptocurrency network participants grows; the number of
transactions waiting for validation multiplies too. It is a high-cost occurrence for the highly volatile
cryptocurrency market. Traders working with cryptocurrencies often incur losses because the
transaction has been delayed and did not take place in time.
There are only a part of cryptocurrency market problems listed above, however, they can affect the
efficiency and stable growth of the market, and trading. The progress is necessary for every
cryptocurrency system, and it could be provided only by a solution sensitive to market tendencies
and problems.

High transaction costs
Transaction fees are very high in the majority of peer-to-peer networks. Through the Bitcoin
network example, we can find that the price of the fastest transaction is calculated using following
formula - 10 Satoshi for 1 byte. Statistically, the average size of the transaction is 225 bytes,
therefore average transaction fee is 2250 Satoshi or $0.15 at the current exchange rate (1 Satoshi
equals 0.00000001 BTC), while the highest average transaction fee had reached $32 in early
2018.
The Ethereum network calculates transaction fees amount taking into account difficulty of the
smart contract. Average transaction fee varies from $0.17 to $4.15 according to the statistics for
the 2018 year that is much bigger than what traditional payment systems have.

PoW algorithm (Proof-of-Work)
Description
Proof-of-work (PoW) is a protocol with the main goal to prevent cyber-attacks, such as DDoS.
This conception had existed before Bitcoin appearance, but Satoshi Nakamoto applied it for his
digital currency, which led to a drastic change in traditional transaction system.
Perhaps, the Proof-of-work is the most valuable idea in the Satoshi Nakamoto’s Bitcoin White
paper, because it let reach the distributed consensus under low confidence. It means that
participants would not depend on any centralised transactions verifying institute in systems using
such algorithm; the system will be stable in spite of losing some participants.
Proof-of-work consensus algorithm showed its efficiency in the early stages of the first blockchains:
Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ethereum, etc. However, there was some serious disadvantages and limitations
found which do not enable them be an appropriate instrument in transferring of values, comparing
to the traditional payment systems, like VISA or MasterCard.

3 / 17

PoW algorithm problems
Mining
Every blockchain transaction should be validated for being successful. There is a group of network
participants that is in charge of transactions accounting, called miners. A cryptocurrency mining
suggests the presence of powerful computers for solving rigorous equations. Solving these
equations, miners compete for a capability of generating next block in the chain and taking the
reward for that: new coins in the network. They also could get fees from transactions added to the
block.
Different microchip manufacturers started producing special devices for cryptocurrency mining
after the demand had increased. The previous generation of these devices became useless after
the new one came into use.
With the decentralized consensus reached by the Proof-of-Work algorithm, miners consume a big
amount of electric energy. In 2015, each Bitcoin network transaction spent half more than a usual
daily electricity consuming of the US household.
All electric consumption spending are paid in flat currency (USD, EUR, etc.), that leads to
constantly increasing pressure on digital currency rates.
Some experts had concluded in recent researches, that Bitcoin network transactions would
consume the same amount of electricity as countries like Denmark.
Many developers raised concern about that, and some of the communities, like the Ethereum
Foundation suggest using Proof-of-Stake (PoS) algorithm for providing cheaper and ecologically
safer reaching of the distributed consensus.

Centralization
Decentralisation means the distribution of the network, by which transaction must pass third-party
verification on the condition to choose a third party for it.
Сentralization technically implies that transaction should pass verification by fixed third-party,
however, this term usually uses for naming the network with a limited number of current
intermediaries. Thus, we can consider banking system as centralized one, because of the
necessity to cooperate with banks to work inside such system.
Bitcoin and Ethereum themselves are peer-to-peer networks, not centralized; nevertheless, they
both rely heavily on such groups of participants like miners and mining devices developers. At the
same time, the majority of high-performance mining pools are in China because of the cheaper or
even free price for electric powers. We can make a conclusion that Chinese government influences
miners hugely since the most of them are under the Chinese firewall. The Chinese government can
limit mining if cryptocurrencies will be a threat to RMB - official Chinese currency.

4 / 17

PoS algorithm (Proof-of-Stake)
Proof-of-Stake is an alternative way of transaction validation and reaching of decentralized
consensus. PoS is a peer-to-peer networks algorithm with the same goal as PoW, but it uses a
different approach.
For the first time, Proof-of-Stake conception was proposed at the Bitcointalk forum in 2011, the first
cryptocurrency using this algorithm was Peercoin in 2012, as well as Nxt, ShadowCash,
BlackCoin, Qora, NuShares/NuBits, and Nav Coin.
With the Proof-of-Stake algorithm, a new block miner is chosen depending on the number of coins
in the account (Stake), unlike Proof-of-Work algorithm, where miners are rewarded for solving
mathematical equations aimed at transactions validation and new blocks adding; miners can even
have no cryptocurrency in the network where verified transactions with the PoW algorithm. It
means that miner working with the PoW algorithm have no motivation for supporting network
durability because it is possible to choose any cryptocurrency for mining without limitations.

Validator selection
Systems with the PoS algorithm require that the validating person (forger) owns some amount of
coins in a wallet, it is chosen by a random-looking way depending on the number of coins in the
account.
In most cases of using PoS, units of cryptocurrency generate with system launching, and their
amount is fixed. That way, the transaction fee, instead of cryptocurrency units used for rewarding a
validating person. New coins instead of the fee created in some cases.
The validator should freeze some amount of own coins called stake for transaction verifying, and
for adding a new block; a person will forfeit stake in cases of approving a fraudulent transaction,
also will not be able to approve transactions. In theory, this individual will engage in fair and valid
transactions.

5 / 17

Cashbery Coin (CBC) cryptocurrency and its
algorithm
Overview
Cashbery Coin is an internal transactional instrument of the new generation. Cashbery
cryptocurrency is an ideal value transferring resource for the Cashbery ECOSYSTEM environment
due to high speed transaction and low fee. The Cashbery ECOSYSTEM provides decentralized
currency for end customers, and the possibility of attracting new participants into business
operations and loyalty schemes for a businessperson, because Cashbery Coin is easy to use,
safe, and transparent. Application of the distributed registry, in which all data is synchronized with
the whole network, almost completely except possibilities of fraud, double сharges, chargeback,
and unauthorized transactions.

Algorithm of consensus
Cashbery was created for solving different problems of currencies that exist in the market, like
Bitcoin and Etherium, which have no sufficient speed of transaction, are not decentralized enough.
Besides, they have a quite high transaction fee due to nature of initial implementation.
Cashbery combines two algorithms of consensus, the Proof-of-Work, and the Proof-of-Stake. The
PoW is used for initial coins distribution and for maintaining the security of the network before it will
have been highly-decentralized. The PoS will provide scalability and reliability at the later stages of
development without forcing participants of the network to use a large amount of resources like
electricity for transaction validation.
Mining with the PoW algorithm will be impossible after block, 500,000th, the network will use the
PoS algorithm of consensus. To generate Stake blocks, a user should have a non-zero Cashbery
Coins balance available for transaction validation. The amount of reward for block creation
depends not only on Cashbery Coins balance but also from the duration of the period that coins
are holding on the account. Thus, stake weight is calculated as follows:

Stake Weight = Stake Volume * CoinAge

This formula calculates transaction validation reward for PoS-mining:

nCoinAge * COIN_YEAR_REWARD * 33 / (365 * 33 + 8)

Where nCoinAge is an age of the coins in the wallet

6 / 17

СoinAge = bnCentSecond * CENT / COIN / (24 * 60 * 60);
bnCentSecond is a sum of Cents multiplied by a transaction age for all incoming transactions for
the current balance; 1 Cent = 0.01 CBC.
COIN_YEAR_REWARD = 0.1% of yearly yields; it is a year reward, calculating from the number of
coins in the wallet.
PoW is made by a hashing algorithm called Scrypt which is use for transaction validation in such
popular networks as Litecoin, DogeCoin, and more than 500 others.
With PoS and PoW methods combined, the target speed of the new blocks generation at the early
stages of Cashbery Coin ecosystem development will be:
● 1 block in a minute (1440 blocks per day)
Such combining of consensus algorithms will provide essential advantages compared with the
majority of popular crypto coins at the present market whether in fee for the transaction (standard
fee is 0.0001 CBC) or in the speed of transaction.
The initial Cashbery Coin issue is 90,000,000 CBC, and the supply limit is 100,000,000 CBC,
which means that the creation of extra coins will stop in a certain moment of time; it will allow
preventing value decreasing with a network growing slowing down on a long-term outlook.

The Cashbery Coin area of application
For customers
Private users of Cashbery network can use Cashbery Coin in everyday activity, getting all
advantages of the new technologies for the cooperation with each other and for mutual payments:
●

●
●
●
●
●

Cashbery transactions go through the Internet without the participation of third-sides.
Therefore, the transaction fee is less than the fee in banks, for example. Cashbery Coin fits to
use for any transactions: big and small ones.
Cashbery Coin has no connections with any centralized issuing institute in any country, it
means, that coin is easy to use for international transactions.
The Cashbery Coin wallet cannot be frozen; cryptocurrency does not have any controlling
organization. That provides free distribution and circulation of CBC.
There is no precedent conditions or banking information requirement for making transactions.
There are no transaction limits. It is possible to transfer any amount of coins as many times
as it takes.
A high level of protection from hacking, fraud, forgery. That is why Cashbery Coin is perfect for
saving and accumulating values.

For business
An introduction and using of the Cashbery Coins and Cashbery ecosystem by business companies
gives next advantages: low charge for the circulation, strong reliability, and easy scalability.
Companies get the opportunity to operate Cashbery Coins for accounting, providing safety of
transactions, and loyalty schemes on every level. Cashbery is an optimal instrument for the small
enterprise development. It is a payment system which easily integrates into network exchange, or

7 / 17

into the real economy, starting from online shops, discount providers, delivery services, media, to
the banking sector and the real estate industries.
●
●

Because of the low barrier of entry, any business do not need to spend many resources for
accepting Cashbery coin;
It is easier to connect Cashbery payment system to websites and mobile apps.

Cashbery Coin advantages
Decentralization
Cashbery is a decentralized currency. Firstly, that based on the method of the initial distribution by
regulated and transparent selling of coins for the future network participants who are interested in
network stability and development. Secondly, that based on PoS and PoW combining.
Decentralization is the fundament of any true cryptocurrency. Unfortunately, cryptocurrencies with
the big capitalization and distribution are not decentralized enough because of the consensus
algorithm using. The perfect example is Bitcoin: almost 60% of these network miners are situated
in the PRC territory or into its legal competency:

8 / 17

The correlation between miners from PRC and from other countries

Forecasted transaction speed
Another key advantage of the hybrid Cashbery algorithm is providing fast transactions even in
conditions of network-critical load. Cashbery Coin is the simple and elegant solution for providing
transactions of the new generation.
Most of the modern cryptocurrencies show poor network capacity and unpredictability under the
heavy parallel traffic condition.
In 2017, there was decentralized game-application created, called CryptoKitties which was
developed for the Ethereum network, showed how badly this blockchain is ready for big loads. As a
result, there were significant transactions delays inside the Ethereum network, smart contracts
malfunctions, and, hence, a loss of trust and value.

9 / 17

The growth of pending transactions amount, waiting for validation in the Ethereum network from
December 2017 to January 2018

Security
Cashbery uses proved cryptography methods - with a separation to public and private keys - for
keeping access keys to the account. Many companies, including banks and big exchanges, use
same algorithms for information protection. Besides, the Cashbery wallet application is securely
protected by a password, even if the hacker gets access to the device the wallet is installed on,
money cannot be stolen.

The CBC roadmap
01.03.2018 - 30.05.2018

●

Preparing of Token Sale

01.06.2018 - 30.06.2018

●

Token Sale (3 stages of 10 days each)

01.07.2018 and so on

●

Opening of the Cashbery Foundation offices in
different countries for popularisation Cashbery
Coin, and increasing the support

●

Adding CBC at regional exchanges

●

Further development of the Cashbery Blockchain
accordance with tendencies of the cryptocurrency
market and blockchain technology

10 / 17

The global expansion plan
Countries

Exchanges

Russia + CIS

Russia, Ukraine,
Kazakhstan

Polyx, Exmo, C-cex, Kuna, Liqui

Latin America

Brazil, Mexico,
Colombia

mercado bitcoin, bitcointrade, Bitex
Bitso, Volabit, Bitex

Africa

South Africa, Nigeria,
Ghana

ice3x, Luno

South-East Asia

India
Thailand
Indonesia

Unocoin, Zebpay, koinex
TDAX
IndoDAX

Turkey
Poland
the Netherlands
Australia
Canada
Arab Emirates
Norway
South Korea
Japan

BTCTurk
Bitmarket
BL3P, Bitonic, LiteBit, Bitrush, CleverCoin
CoinSpot, CoinTree,Btcmarkets
QuadrigaCX, Coinbase, Kraken, Coinsquare
BitOasis
Bitcoins Norway
bithumb, coinone, korbit
Bitflyer, Quoinexchange, Coincheck

The initial coin offering (ICO)
Initially, 90,000,000 CBC will be created, and 5% of them (4,500,000 CBC) will be available for
sale during the ICO: the remaining amount will be frozen in Cashbery reserve. Burning coins from
the reserve would proceed according to a defined schedule:

The primary distribution will be via Cashbery platform (www.cashbery.com)

11 / 17

Such distribution will prevent decrease in the value of the coins while advancing on the open
market and will give no opportunity for malicious users to attack the registry by writing invalid
information into the blockchain. The rest of the coins reserve will be burned by little pools after
reaching the required growth ratio, this will prevent the CBC depreciation and will not allow the lack
of liquidity for the big amount of coins free circulation. In addition, the gradual pools burning is
necessary for smooth issuing of new coins, which stops CBC volatility rate from rising.

ICO Terms and Conditions
ICO limit for the open sale (%)

5%

ICO limit for the open sale (total)

4 500 000 CBC

Coin price at the ICO stage 1 (USD)

$1,0

Coin price at the ICO stage 2 (USD)

$1,2

Coin price at the ICO stage 3 (USD)

$1,4

Coins rate forecast at entering the free circulation stage

$1,6

The goal of the initial coin offering
The algorithm which architecture involves supporting the network by participants which is the most
concerned in owning and using CBC is the basis of Cashbery. Cashbery network will be built on
PoS principle in which the main responsibility for the transaction validation falls on participants
holding of Cashbery Coins amount; the reward for block generation is proportional to ownership
ratio. Following this principle, Cashbery will implement the primary coin distribution through ICO
approach, in which the most concerned participants could join the network at the launching stage.
So, the fairest coins distribution in which the most interested network users would get early access
by the lower price will be realized, that also will significantly enhance the resilience of the Cashbery
economy.
Resources obtained during ICO will be allocated for development of the market, Cashbery
communities all over the world, also for attracting and integrating partner programs into the
ecosystem.

The application of obtained resources
Money getting after initial issue of Cashbery Coins will be distributed by the next way:

12 / 17

The Cashbery ecosystem
Cashbery ecosystem is a flexible and convenient solution which provides high speed of transaction
and functionality in partner programs, supports reliability. Thus, new participants could promote
loyalty programs and attract users into different sectors supplying goods and services.

CUSTOMERS

Goods
Services

CBC

MERCHANT
CBC

CBC

COMMUNITY

USD
EUR
RUB

EXCHANGE

Cashbery network user can pay directly by CBC for goods and services of ecosystem partners,
after that Cashbery coins could return to the circulation right after selling them on the open market.
Such solution is an advantage for companies wishing to get access to the growing market of the
network. Companies that which provide rental services, carsharing, carriage and flight services,
delivery services, hotels booking services need to use safe and verified transaction; users gain a
big advantage of fast transactions with low fees without any danger of double spending and
charge-back.

13 / 17

Team Cashbery Coin

Vasiliy

Andrew
CEO
●
●
●

Private entrepreneur
With the crypto currency since 2013
Owner of 3 online businesses

CTO
●
●
●

Expert in Python and C ++
6 years of management experience
Worked in Microsoft

The entrepreneur, a crypto-enthusiast, founded
3 successful companies in Digital. Thanks him
several companies from small local steel large
and entered the international market.

Vasily is a professional in development who
has formed a team of cool programmers,
and is currently working on improving the
CBC platform.

Lada

Aleksandr

CFO

Head of Strategic Development

●
●
●

Expert-analyst of leading Russian
companies
Experience of 3 successful ICO
projects
Experience in developing loyalty
programs

CFO, has more than 2 years of experience in
cryptotrading and more than 10 years of
international VC experience; invested in many
international projects, participated in the launch
of cryptotenes on the market. Aimed at the
result, sees a great future for the Cashbery
Coin.

●
●
●

Leading blockchain strategist
Worked with leaders of the
blockchain world
Created "success strategies" for
companies over 7 years

Director of Strategic Development, the
founder of several successful start-ups, has
more than 12 years of experience in senior
positions in international companies. This is
the driving force of Cashbery Coin.
Promotion of the coin and its value - his
responsibility.

14 / 17

●
●
●
●

Ivan

Margarett

Head of Marketing

Head of PR

In digital marketing since 2005
Purchased Yandex.Direct by CPM
Worked in banks and large financial
organizations
Engaged in crypto marketing for more
than 3 years

●
●
●
●

More than 7 years of work in SMM
Knows all about reputation
In the previous experience government PR
Launched several PR campaigns
with millions of coverage

For his experience, he was able to reach
record figures for all projects. It is he who
heads the most important and necessary part
of the project Cashbery Coin - marketing. All
that you see in the information space about the
coin is his credit.

Great experience with foreign media, as
well as with west start-ups. Placement in
the
press,
issues
of
cooperation,
partnership, building communications with
customers - all this on Margarett.

Yaroslav

Alexey

Ecosystem developer

Operating Director

●
●
●

In loyalty programs since 2007
Participated in the development of the
club Mnogo.ru
Experience in implementing product
analytics

More than 4 years managed the loyalty
programs of a major mobile phone operator.
Responsible for the development of the
Cashbery Coin ecosystem, the attraction of
new sites and merchants. He considers the
Cashberycoin ecosystem to be ideal for
building large loyalty programs.

●
●

Works in banks and financial
institutions since 2004, operational
director since 2006.
Participated in the development of
the crypto exchange

The director for over 14 years worked in
financial institutions, built operational
processes
and
financial
monitoring.
Adapted bank KYC and AML-standards for
operations
with
crypto-currencies.
Responsible for the processes and
interaction of units.

15 / 17

Advisors

Roman Dumler
Adviser

Alexandr Belousov
Ecosystem adviser

An entrepreneur with over 10 years of 2 higher education (economic and legal).
experience in information technology and
marketing. Has a huge experience in the More than 10 years of experience in the
supply of high-tech equipment and software.
business. Expert in insurance and financial
consulting. Represented the interests of
Investing since 2008. At the current time, ICO American hedge funds and large European
projects and the crypto-currency market are companies in the segment of life-saving life
the most promising market for investments.
insurance. Specialist in the field of scaling and
partner programs. An investor with a lot of
experience. Crypto-enthusiast.

16 / 17

