Decentralizing Jesus on the Blockchain

Whitepaper 1.o

Whitepaper 1.o

Content
Introducing Jesus Coin

3

Why is Jesus Coin So Necessary

4

Value Proposition

5

Frequently Asked Questions

6

Use Cases

7

Team

9

Conclusion

13

DISCLAIMER: This website is intended to provide the public with general information about the Jesus Coin. Nothing
contained within this website, including the video contained herein, should be construed as an oﬀer to sell, or a
solicitation of an oﬀer to buy, any security or investment product – the Jesus Coin is no such thing. It is simply a
cryptocurrency or Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) token (like bitcoin, but way more Jesusy). This website and
video contain certain statements that are either satirical, baseless, ridiculous or a combination thereof. At very best,
statements are forward-looking statements which include statements and assumptions relating to: plans and
objectives for future operations or token development (of which there are none). These statements can generally
be identiﬁed by the use of forward-looking terminology including “may,” “believe,” “will,” “expect,” “anticipate,”
“estimate,” “continue”, “rankings” or other similar words. The Jesus Coin developers do not make any
representations or warranties (express or implied) about the accuracy of such forward-looking statements. Jesus
Coin and its creators promise absolutely no earthly functionality or beneﬁts through the use or holding of Jesus
Coin beyond that of a durable, transferrable blockchain digital token or coin, nor is any exchange-listing or valuation
of Jesus Coin in terms of any real-world assets, including ﬁat currencies or other blockchain tokens/coins,
represented or guaranteed.

2

Whitepaper 1.o

Introducing Jesus Coin
For the past 2,000 years, the teachings of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ
have transformed from being bound by the faith of his followers into highly
centralized and proﬁt-driven bodies. What was once purely about faith and
devotion has become big business, under powerful ﬁgureheads. Whether it’s
the Pope for Catholicism, the Queen for the Church of England or Thomas S.
Monson for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, no longer is Jesus
Christ about its followers.

IT’S TIME TO DECENTRALIZE JESUS
Using the cryptographic breakthrough of the blockchain ledger and
anonymous cryptocurrencies, Jesus Coin has been developed as THE
currency of God’s Son. Christianity is the largest grouping in the world, with
over 2 billion followers, and we deserve our own currency. As predicted by
John (Lisa’s dad, the one with the limp) 33:12:
“And there would be a cryptocurrency, and it would be wondrous,
and the Lord would say unto thee followers ‘buy thee Jesus Coin
at the highest possible bonus structure”.
Jesus Coin aims to become the de-facto currency for all good Christians. In
fact Jesus Coin may even become the de-facto currency for all bad Christians
too. For millennia, Christian churches have taught that the way to heaven is
through centralized giving, whether to churches, pastors or those weird
advertorials. We say enough as we proudly bring forth the currency of
tomorrow (well, of 2000 years ago), Jesus Coin. We project that Jesus Coin will
overtake the Mormon church’s $40 billion* valuation to become the second
most powerful Christian institution by 2030, and surpass the Catholic
Church’s $1 trillion valuation by 2050, thereby becoming the most powerful
Christian institution in the world.** While we do truly believe Jesus Coin
could reach a market cap higher than the US national debt,*** we’re trying to
keep our investors grounded (but seriously, it might). If you don’t use Jesus
Coin as your primary digital currency, you’re barely even Christian.
* Probably impossible
** Deﬁnitely impossible
*** Unambiguously impossible

3

Whitepaper 1.o

Why is Jesus Coin So Necessary?
For too long, money-grabbing churches have attempted to ‘own’ and ‘sell’
Jesus. It’s time that someone took back Jesus for all of us, and Jesus Coin is
our way of bringing back Jesus to the masses. The blockchain has
fundamentally changed the landscape of business, culture and society,
democratizing what was once controlled by the few into the hands of
everyone. If we can democratize banking, insurance, gaming and more, than
together we can decentralize Jesus. The time has come to do democratize
our Lord and Saviour. The time has come to stop funding the few that already
live in palaces and luxury. The time has come for our own currency in the
Lord’s image.
Unlike other cryptocurrencies, Jesus Coin has the unique advantage of
providing global access to Jesus as it makes getting closer to Jesus safer and
faster due to the use of blockchain technology, somehow. Jesus Coin
investors can gain from the competitive advantage of being closer to God, all
while beneﬁting from low transaction costs and maximum transparency and
security.
Additionally Jesus Coin helps in the war against corruption within the
Christian faith by making all transactions anonymous on the blockchain. It is
estimated that billions of dollars of funds currently laundered and plundered
would be saved due to the global usage of Jesus Coin within Christianity.*

BUT MOST OF ALL, JESUS WOULD BE
PUMPED ABOUT HAVING HIS OWN COIN.
For the ﬁrst time, there really will be a picture of Jesus on a coin.**
Jesus has reached a point of development where it is no longer compatible
with ‘ownership’ by churches and pastors. Using blockchain technology, Jesus
Coin endeavors to empower every Christian to own Jesus together. In the
way that Bitcoin revolutionized commerce on the internet, Jesus Coin will
permanently change the face of Jesus; no longer to be controlled by an
outmoded central source.
* No such guarantee can be made: bad people do bad things even if they love Jesus.
** It’s digital so there won’t be a literal coin with His face on it, come on!

4

Whitepaper 1.o

Value Proposition
† Existing market (3.3 billion followers)
† Consumer base accustomed to having faith in improbable projects
† Not the most unusual Christian project (Mormonism)
Jesus Coin is expected to place among the highest volume cryptocurrencies*,
as it places cutting edge Ethereum-based blockchain technology alongside
one of the world’s biggest markets. While the Catholic Church has had almost
a 2,000 year head start on Jesus Coin for market volume, we do expect to at
least overtake the Church of England (after all, Jesus Coin is available for the
whole WORLD).
The expectation of the Jesus Coin team is that by 2020, the landscape of
wealth within the Christian church will look like this (maybe, we don’t really
know):

$1
Trillion

$ 40
Billion

Catholic
Church

Mormon
Church

$ 13
Billion**

Jesus
Coin

$ 7.7
Billion
Church of
England

Sources: https://www.dailydot.com/debug/apple-highest-valuation-ever/,
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2012-07-18/how-the-mormons-make-money,
http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9659eefa-4e86-11e1-8670-00144feabdc0.html#axzz43pZvqI00
* We cannot guarantee this happening whatsoever, in fact if it does, then let’s consider it the second coming.
** This is am ambitious target that almost deﬁnitely won’t happen.

5

Whitepaper 1.o

Frequently Asked Questions:
Q: This all sounds ridiculous, is it a scam?
A: The church is not a scam! Jesus Coin will fulﬁl all of the functions on this
whitepaper (which is not very many functions). It is a fully traceable asset on
cryptocurrency exchanges.*

Q: Is this whole thing a joke?
A: Christianity has survived 2000 years so if it’s a joke, it’s a good one. The
Jesus Coin itself is totally real though, up there on Etherscan and Coin Market
Cap and ERC20 compatible wallets and all that stuﬀ.

Q: Can Jesus Coin actually make miracles?
A: We’re in early talks with churches to provide miracles exclusively to Jesus
Coin owners.**

Q: Isn’t it highly unlikely that Jesus Coin can gain a $5bn market cap and
become a top-10 digital currency?
A: Yes, but wasn’t it highly unlikely that Jesus would be resurrected?

Q: Wouldn’t it be illegal to crowdfund an actual Crusade using Jesus Coin?
A: Almost deﬁnitely. Don’t do it.
* We cannot guarantee listings on any exchanges whatsoever and this is simply an aspiration of the Jesus
Coin team. If you pray hard enough, maybe it will happen, maybe it will not happen.
** We are not in any talks with any churches. Churches may not be too fond of us disrupting their business
with decentralised ledgers and blockchain technology. Just like banks aren’t too fond of Bitcoin.

6

Whitepaper 1.o

Use Cases:
Jonathan, a Catholic,
raises Jesus Coin to carry out a new Crusade.*
Jonathan, a devote Catholic from Mobile, Alabama, has been desperately
attempting to organize a modern day Crusade to retake Jerusalem for over
ten years but has had limited success due to the advanced weaponry
required for the task. Considering that the reason for the lack of donations
for his praiseworthy project was due to a reluctance to hand over green for
his idea, he ﬁnally attempts to raise the money from among his fellow
followers in Jesus Coin. Jonathan raises 1,200 JC in only 3 days, equivalent to
100 ETH or ~$30,000. Using this money Jonathan is able to purchase various
weapons from his local Walmart and book plane tickets to the Middle East.
Two days later Jonathan is arrested and charged with multiple felonies
related to attempting to invade a foreign nation imprisoned for four years.

Emma, a Mormon,
buys Jesus Coin to miraculously cure her mother’s ﬂat feet.
Emma’s mother, Brianna, has suﬀered from terrible ﬂat feet her entire life,
an ailment hat every podiatrist in Canada has been unable to solve. Tired of
hearing her mother endlessly complain about feet pain, Emma decided to
take matters into her own hands. First she tried writing to the Pope and
asking him to perform a miracle, but he decided that feet issues don’t
generate enough media buzz. Frustrated, she bought 12 Jesus coins on
impulse. Suddenly Brianna’s ﬂat feet were cured, and despite her doctor’s
insistence on it being a purely placebic eﬀect, they’re both sure the Jesus
Coins performed a miracle.**

*From history class you learnt that the crusades were historic events of invasion, murder, plunder and
pillage (etc). As such they are against the law. Jonathan is also a made up person and this also is a made up
event, please understand this, do not crowdfund a crusade.
**The coins did not perform a miracle, but who’s to say they can’t?

7

Whitepaper 1.o

Use Cases:
Gary, a Jew,
buys Jesus Coin due to confusion.
Hearing about the exciting new world of cryptocurrency, Gary decided to
invest in his ﬁrst ICO. While scanning through options he saw one he believed
promising related to insurance on the blockchain. Unfortunately he got
distracted and accidentally bought Jesus Coin instead. One year later he sold
them for an enormous proﬁt as Jesus Coin’s market cap his $13 billion.*

Greedy bastard Wall Street trader, Adam,
buys Jesus Coin to pump and dump
After spending a day ripping oﬀ investors on Wall Street, Adam wanted to
ﬁnd a new way to manipulate a market before his evening bottle of 1986
Chateauneuf-du-Pape . Reading about cryptocurrency ‘pump and dump’
schemes, he thought it would be a great idea to buy $10,000 worth of Jesus
Coin during the 40% bonus structure and dump it at market value
immediately after the end of the crowdsale. Immediately after he sold, the
price crashed** - what timing! Adam successfully made a 75% proﬁt in just
one month.*** Sadly for Adam however, within 6 months, religious fervor
drove the price of Jesus Coin back up 15,000%, meaning if he’d have shown
patience he’d have made $1.5m. Adam never forgave himself, and while
vulnerable and dealing with his loss he was recruited to become a Catholic
priest. With Jesus Coin, everyone wins.
*Reminder that this is false
** Reminder: prices can crash, you should all know this by now
*** Reminder that this is also false

Jesus Coin and its creators promise absolutely no earthly functionality or beneﬁts through the use or
holding of Jesus Coin beyond that of a durable, transferrable blockchain digital token or coin, nor is any
valuation of Jesus Coin in terms of any real-world assets, including ﬁat currencies or other blockchain
tokens/coins, represented or guaranteed.

8

Whitepaper 1.o

Team*
Jesus Christ, Founder and CEO
After a few years napping in heaven, Jesus got tired of
seeing the ﬁnancial injustice created by the banks and
decided to resurrect once more in order bring forth his own
cryptocurrency and solve all of earth’s ills.

Jesus’ Donkey, Customer Service
After ﬁnding horse meat in his lasagna during the European
horseman scandal, Jesus decided to bring down his
personal donkey with him in case IKEA tried to turn him into
a meatball while unattended.

Judas Iscariot, Trustee
In order to allay any fears about transparency concerning
the Jesus Coin project, Jesus decided to entrust the role of
the trustee to a colleague who will not hesitate to denounce
all dubious acts that do not conform with the law.

Bartholomew, Business Development
Following his numerous journeys to the four corners of the
world, Jesus considers him as a true traveling companion
and decided to make him continue his travels in order to
develop this project.

John, Son of Zebedee, Content Writer
After being bored into submission while writing the Gospel
Of John and four other boring books in the New Testament,
John is happier than ever to write a whitepaper for a project
that is ﬁnally worth his time.
*Reminder that this is not actually the team. These people passed long ago and may peace be upon them.

9

Whitepaper 1.o

Team*
Augustus Cesar, Team Manager
A charismatic born leader who has proved in the past his
know-how as a manager. Augustus will not hesitate to
restore the whip system for the smooth running of a
blockchain project.

Herode, CFO
For many years beside Jesus in paradise, Herode manages
all his accounting, including: - Prayers answered. - Prayers
not answered. Prayers being processed. In addition all
newly minted coins will go through Herode for his blessing.

Saint Peter, Public Relations
As spokesperson of the apostles, Saint Peter is considered
by Jesus to be the best suited person to fulﬁll this role.It
seems that after his comeback on earth he fell in love with
McDonalds and passes his time there.

James, Son of Zebedee, Customer Service
Veterinarian in the past,
Jesus puts him at the service of his donkey.

Philip, Blockchain Developer
Philip, who used to manage the distribution of bread for
Jesus, now manages the distribution of coins. If you are
reading this text, please applaud behind your screen, with
his big ego this can only encourage him.
*Reminder that this is not actually the team. These people passed long ago and may peace be upon them.

10

Whitepaper 1.o

Team*
Andrew, Head of Marketing
A ﬁsherman stays a ﬁsherman.

Thomas, Web Designer
After designing a sumptuous castle in heaven, Jesus asked
one last time Thomas help to create a beautiful website.

Matthew, Financial advisor
fter being a public collector of taxes on earth and in heaven,
we know no one with more experience than our apostle,
Thomas.

James son of Alphaeus, PA of Jesus
After babysitting every move of Jesus, we thought that it
would only be fair if James continued answering to Jesus
wishes.

James The Just, Lawyer
After having played an important leadership role at the
Council of Jerusalem by coordinating the activity of the
apostles and all itinerant preachers. Today James choses to
continue to make the law in crypto to help his brothers.
*Reminder that this is not actually the team. These people passed long ago and may peace be upon them.

11

Whitepaper 1.o

Team*
Simon the Zealot, Head of HR
Who better than the most obscure of the apostles to create
the perfect ICO team

Jude, CTO
Jude, brother of Jesus has corrupted his so-called
incorruptible brother to pick up this job.

*Reminder that this is not actually the team. These people passed long ago and may peace be upon them.

12

Whitepaper 1.o

Conclusion
If you don’t immediately buy Jesus Coin after reading this whitepaper, you’re
going to hell. If you think that good deeds, charity and living in God’s image is
the way to heaven, you’re wrong - it is only by holding Jesus Coin. Jesus Coin
is guaranteed to overtake Ether as the 2nd most valuable cryptocurrency by
2020 and Bitcoin as the most valuable by 2030.* Seriously, ask yourself how
it’s viable that JESUS COIN could not be the most valuable cryptocurrency- it’s
basically blasphemy. Finally, the world’s greatest demographic of consumers
devotees, have their own cryptocurrency. Join us as we use the cryptographic
breakthroughs of the blockchain to win back Jesus for all of us.

*Won’t actually happen
Again, Jesus Coin and its creators promise absolutely no earthly functionality or beneﬁts through the use or
holding of Jesus Coin beyond that of a durable, transferrable blockchain digital token or coin, nor is any
valuation of Jesus Coin in terms of any real-world assets, including ﬁat currencies or other blockchain
tokens/coins, represented or guaranteed.

13

