CHRONOBANK - REVOLUTIONARY PLATFORM FOR CRYPTO ASSETS MANAGEMENT

THE CHRONOBANK TEAM
CHRONOBANK.IO
INFO@CHRONOBANK.IO

Abstract. This whitepaper abstractly describes a system designed to tokenise labour-hours using blockchain

technology. ChronoBank is a proposed implementation of the described system that can be deployed in several
economic localities. The proposed system leverages smart contract techniques to automate a process whereby
a country-specific ‘labour-hour’ token may be redeemed for real labour-hours via legally binding (traditional)
contracts with labour-offering companies.
ChronoBank is also the platform with the wide functionality that may become available for Time Token
holders.

1. Introduction

centralises the entire wealth of the system. Typical stablecoins are also subject to fluctuations in the value of their
underlying asset. While these fluctuations are usually very
small when compared with fluctuations in traditional cryptocurrencies, they are still significant. For example, USDT
is subject to the devaluation of USD due to inflation.
In this paper, we propose a stable cryptocurrency system which addresses the aforementioned drawbacks of
existing stable currency solutions. Specifically, we propose
a new type of token which is not backed by any existing
fiat currency or physical store of wealth, but instead is
backed by legally binding contractual obligations to provide real-world labour-hours. As such, the system and its
controlling entity are not responsible for the centralised
storage and management of wealth. Further, the value of
an unskilled labour-hour in a particular geographic region
naturally adjusts according to economic conditions such
as inflation, thereby maintaining the long-term intrinsic
value of the cryptocurrency.
This paper is organised as follows: In Section 2 we provide an overview of the system as a whole before discussing
the technical details of the necessary system components
and processes. Section ?? provides economic considerations in brief, regarding the real-world deployment of
this system and its feasibility. Finally, Section 3 discusses
future directions and applications of the system and of
ChronoBank. The appendix of this document provides supporting reference of several concepts introduced throughout
the paper.

With the advent of cryptocurrencies, relatively instant low-cost transfers of value have become a reality.
Blockchain technology, which is a defining feature of most
cryptocurrencies, has recently been applied to solve a great
variety of problems. Currently the most widespread implementation of blockchain technology is Bitcoin [1], which is
a simple asset transfer system. The asset in Bitcoin’s case
is a bitcoin (BTC). The value of this token has seen rapid
variation since its inception in 2009, which has hindered
its feasibility as a global currency.
There have been a variety of attempts to realise the
advantages of blockchain technology while simultaneously
mitigating issues regarding the stability of value for cryptocurrency applications. To achieve this, many attempts
employ the notion of a stable-coin, whereby each token of
value in the system has a counterpart of equal worth stored
in a non-digital and tangible form in the ‘real world’.
Two example implementations of the aforementioned
stable-coin paradigm are listed below:
USDT by Tether[2]:
Each USDT token is backed by an equivalent
amount of United States Dollars (USD) held in
a reserve account by the private company Tether
Limited.
Digix[3]:
Each token is backed by an equivalent amount of
gold, which is stored in reserves by a dedicated
precious metal storage custodian.

2. The ChronoBank System

In both examples, it is always possible for a token holder
to redeem that token for its counterpart, thus ensuring its
fundamental ‘stable’ value.
Another notable example of a stable-coin is Bitshares [4],
which attempts to decentralise the entire system through
the use of digital Contract For Differences (CFD) [5] interactions. The system presented in this whitepaper does not
attempt to achieve decentralisation, but instead attempts
to address some of the drawbacks surrounding existing
centralised stable-coins. These drawbacks include difficulties regarding the storage of physical or economic wealth,
and the increasing likelihood of attacks, as a single entity

Similar to existing stable-coins (such as USDT by Tether
and Digix), we propose a centralised entity that coordinates
the creation, redemption, and destruction of Labour-Hour
Tokens (LHT). We refer to this entity as the ChronoBank
Entity (CBE). It is responsible for the acquisition and coordination of legally binding contracts for labour, in addition
to the creation and dissemination of LHT. Ultimately the
role of the CBE is to ensure the stability of the LHT system
through careful management of the system’s underlying
processes. This section will provide details describing the
1

CHRONOBANK - REVOLUTIONARY PLATFORM FOR CRYPTO ASSETS MANAGEMENT

proposed processes, practices, and operations undertaken
by the CBE and its associates.
The system as a whole is designed with the intent of a
single deployment per economic region. For instance, the
system could be deployed once in Australia using the value
of one labour-hour in the Australian economy, measured in
Australian dollars. As this document is an abstract description of the system, it does not refer to any region-specific
implementation but instead refers to generalised system
parameters that must be tailored for each region. With few
exceptions, all processes and structures described in this
document may have slight variations in implementation
between regions in which ChronoBank operates.
The initial implementation of the CBE utilised the
Ethereum[6] blockchain; however, future implementations
may tokenise assets on alternative blockchain systems (e.g.
Waves [7], Bitcoin [1]) when it is deemed appropriate.

2.1. TIME Tokens
In order to fund the development and operation of the
ChronoBank system, there was a fundraising phase known
as the crowdsale. During the crowdsale, individuals could
purchase TIME tokens at a fixed rate. Time Token provides
the token holder admittance to the ChronoBank system
operations, which means that the Holders of TIME Tokens will extend their possibilities by unlocking the unique
functionality available in the system: to create new brand
platforms, to create assets and crowdsale campaigns, to
Buyback ERC20 tokens, to create and remove wallets, and
to vote on important decisions regarding the ChronoBank
system.
TIME tokens are developed utilising the Ethereum
ecosystem, specifically leveraging the ERC20 token
standard[8]. The ERC20 specification is extended to provide the functionality mentioned above; this is discussed
further in Section 2.1.2 below.
2.1.1. Crowdsale
During the crowdsale, TIME tokens were created as
necessary and sold at the fixed price of 100 TIME tokens
for 1 bitcoin (BTC). There was no limit to the number of
TIME tokens generated during the crowdsale; however, no
further TIME tokens were generated after this phase of
the project.
All TIME tokens purchased during the crowdsale constituted 88% of the total TIME tokens generated during the initialisation of the ChronoBank system. The
remaining 12% of tokens were split with 10% given to
the ChronoBank.io team (for ongoing research and development) and 2% to advisors and early adopters of the
system.
2.1.2. TIME Token Use
ChronoBank provides extensive possibilities to its users.
It allows to manage your own Platforms and Assets that
are based on Ethereum ecosystem. Platforms act as a
base for all token operations as issuing, balance storage,
transfer; Assets define some custom internal logic to allow
implementing different behavior, for example, adding a fee
to token transactions.

2

ChronoBank system doesnt require technical knowledge
or a deep dive into it to start use of the system. All the features that are based in ChronoBank can be easily applied
if the user wants to. It provides the unique functionality
to manage the Assets: easy Asset creation, manage the
owners of the Asset, create an Asset Buyback or start a
Crowdsale campaign for their Asset. Crowdsale feature
has extensive possibilities to sell for ETH, ERC20 tokens,
launch external services automating sailing and funds managements from other blockchains, Bitcoing for example.
To use these system possibilities there is a need to have a
Time Token.
Time Token will allow the users to unlock the system
unique functionality by means of deposits in Time Tokens to TimeHolder contract. The purpose of TimeHolder
contract is to keep track of user Time Tokens which are
allocated by the user for operations within the system. In
most cases Time Token is used as fuel to perform required
system functionality. This means that for the use of the
functionality users will be charged a fee. Charging will
be taken by ChronoBack in Time Tokens that the user
previously deposited to the TimeHolder contract. Fee value
is defined by system administrators that are permitted to
manage it. There are the following features that requires
fees in TIME tokens during their invocation:
(1) Create Platform - The Platform is a central point
of user assets management. It provides the possibility to easily and quickly create new Assets.
(2) Create Assets (with and without fee) - Assets are
ERC20 tokens that are created by users. Users
that created their Assets can further operate with
them, for example Assets can be Crowdsaled.
(3) Create token crowdsale - When users want to
Crowdsale their tokens they may create a Crowdsale and get funds in any token registered in the
ChronoBack system.
(4) Create token wallet - There is a possibility to create two types of wallets: a) multi-signature wallet
with given parameters and b) multi-signature wallet with 2 factor authorization
(5) Create Buyback - This is the instrument allowing
to regulate the market value of the ERC20 tokens.
One Buyback is created per one token.
From time to time, the CBE may hold polls on the
Ethereum blockchain to elicit the opinion of TIME token holders. Poll results will be incorporated into decisions
made by the CBE concerning the financial or technical
direction and/or implementation of the CBE system. Only
TIME holders are authorized to participate in a poll.
For the Voting feature there is only a need for the user
to have a Time Token deposit where the voting weight is
calculated according to the rule: deposit amount defines
voting weight. No fee will be charged for participation in
a poll.
TIME holders may deposit and withdraw their TIME
tokens at any time. Withdrawing TIME tokens will influence the voting weight of active polls in which the user
participates. When the user withdraws the Time token
from the TimeHolder contract the voting weight of this
user is re-calculated according to the rule.

CHRONOBANK - REVOLUTIONARY PLATFORM FOR CRYPTO ASSETS MANAGEMENT

2.2. Labour-Hour Tokens
Labour-Hour Token (LHT) is the fundamental unit of
value within the ChronoBank system. The purpose of it
is to provide a non-volatile, inflationary-resistant digital
store of value on various blockchains. We envisage LHT
for utilisation in future systems, such as LaborX. LHT
value is non-volatile and inflationary-resistant because it
is managed with BuyBack contract that inherits buyback
process aiming to provide value stability for LHT or ERC20
tokens.
LHT is the main means of payment for people’s work
in LaborX sidechain, as well as ETH in mainnet. LaborX
will be deployed in sidechain which its effective consensus,
high performance, low-cost transactions and a progressive
reward algorithm for block mining. That allows to scale
our current system. It is also important to note that there
is no PoW in sidechain - but there is PoS.
LHT will be mined on LaborX sidechain. The miners
(validators) will receive LHT for the work of their nodes.
To start mining there is a need to make a deposit in TimeHolder. Deposits can be opened in Time or any other
ERC20 token. It is important that deposit will play a role
of a warranty to provide protection from faulty states and
fraud it will be lost by unfair validator once the fraud is
detected. Further, there is a need to run our private node
with the private key of the account on behalf of which the
deposit was made, and it will be automatically allowed to
start mining the blocks, getting LHT from the sidechain.
LHT can be used as a ”fuel” for LaborX. It is also planned
to add the possibility of exchanging LHT for ERC20 tokens
or ETH in mainnet.

3. Future Work
Economic Models. Key to the success of the ChronoBank
system is an informed choice of the aforementioned economic parameters. It is essential to perform further analysis so as to determine how parameter modification impacts
the feasibility and sustainability of the system in a wider

3

context. This will necessarily be performed before a realworld implementation is constructed.
LaborX. The digital asset management system described
in this document is proposed as a first step towards a larger
decentralised labour system. LHT as described by this
paper forms the base currency for a decentralised labour exchange platform entitled LaborX. The intention of LaborX
is to enable peer-to-peer exchange of labour-hours with
LHT, thereby reducing the centralisation of the proposed
ChronoBank system. LaborX will incorporate a rating
system whereby holders of LHT can identify fair trades by
examining the quality and/or specialisation of the labour
provider, given their history on the platform. By enabling
direct exchange of LHT with labour-hours, the system’s
dependency on contractual arrangements is significantly
reduced. This potentially reduces the cost and increases
the stability of the system as a whole.

4. Conclusion
This paper proposes a non-volatile, inflationaryresistant, digital asset management system. This innovative system is only made possible by recent advancements
in blockchain and cryptographic technologies. Leveraging
these technologies, this system tokenises contractual debt
in a manner that can be both economically feasible and
highly practical for digital platforms, such as LaborX.

References
[1] Satoshi Nakamoto. Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer electronic cash system. 2008.
[2] Tether.to. Tether: Fiat currencies on the bitcoin blockchain.
2014.
[3] Anthony C. Eufemio Kai C. Chng Shaun Djie. Digix’s whitepaper: The gold standard in crypto-assets. 2016.
[4] Fabian Schuh Daniel Larimer. Bitshares 2.0: Financial smart
contract platform. 2015.
[5] Investopedia. Contract for difference.
[6] Gavin Wood. Ethereum: A secure decentralised generalised
transaction ledger. Ethereum Project Yellow Paper, 2014.
[7] Sasha Ivanov. Waves whitepaper. 2016.
[8] Ethereum Request for Comments (ERC) 20.

