aergo? ?whitepaper the blockchain fuel for autonomous business last updated: july ergo abstract the blockchain form technology that introduces for the first time, cryptographic secure digital database transactions that does not possess the points failure and security issues traditional databases. its unique characteristics provide the potential for blockchain based products and services disrupt many business models many industries (for example, financial services, manufacturing, distribution, insurance, healthcare, government and the internet things (??iot??)). blockchain technology typically aim provide three major characteristics that are important for businesses: security transparency? ?trust achieves this through the use peer-to-peer (??pp??) network distributed computers, where the data securely deployed and stored using advanced cryptography. quote the previous chief operating officer ubs: ??the blockchain potentially transformative technology that will leave deep mark our world over the next years the internet has over the last the benefits blockchain technology have not gone unnoticed, resulting many blockchain implementations existing today. most these use and operate computer networks that are easy join and participate in. these permissionless implementations are often known ?public blockchain protocols? (such bitcoin and ethereum). however, the use existing blockchain comes with many problems for existing businesses, mainly due the lack control over its features and development. while private/permissioned blockchains aim fulfil the promise becoming ?fit-for-purpose?, they entail immense costs terms infrastructure and forfeit the ability evolve the speed open source. the vast majority both public and private implementations are the early stages their development (and currently use ?rd generation technologies). projects typically focus one type blockchain versus the other. such, most are only used for simple proof-of-concept (??poc??) test-cases. despite many such projects, the evolution the blockchain stack still stagnating, due difficulties with enterprise integration and lack developer-friendly and easy-to-use software tools. many implementations also lack the enterprise grade capabilities that are critical run real business applications both private and public deployments. the technology behind blockchain needs mature and become more accessible for become widely used and deployed architecture. additional services and capabilities are also needed for commonly used business platform. whoever can provide the protocol and needed supporting enterprise it, developer and ?rd party services, has the opportunity become important the future the world-wide-web and ?serverless utility computing? tcp/ip became for the internet. the aergo project (??aergo???, ???platform?? ??aergo platform??) serious disrupter. also very different. proposes ?th generation ?enterprise ready? blockchain protocol combined with platform that uses new and more advanced technologies. proposes lex batlin, al. (). ?building the trust engine?. available: https://www.ubs.com/microsites/blockchain-report/en/home.html include comprehensive ecosystem complementary decentralized application (??dapp??), technologies and service providers that leverage secure cloud delivery models. underlying technologies aergo are proposed made open source truly open and decentralised system. aergo being built for ?developers?, for businesses ?and the ?it suppliers that enable them. aergo?s platform seeks enable enterprises and developers easily design, build and deploy their own blockchain applications within the cloud. the platform aims offer the possibility for creators tailor their blockchain and applications their needs, giving them the choice run across either public private network. taking into account the differing characteristics private and public blockchain implementations present, the choice between the two aims give enterprises and developers the flexibility they desire when designing purpose-specific application. hosting everything across secure cloud-hosted distributed network, aergo also aims alleviate businesses from significant overheads through the elimination needing establish physical infrastructure themselves run blockchain protocols and applications. aergo?s core technology based coinstack from blocko inc. (??blocko??), leading blockchain technology and enterprise integration-services company with operations the uk, south korea and hong kong. coinstack-based blockchain systems have already been deployed million users over in-production systems. blocko now preparing and developing some the core key technologies for aergo. proposes provide comprehensive integration and support services for clients who wish deploy and maintain new products and business services based aergo. proposed new technologies include: super-fast and efficient blockchain protocol; new powerful sql smart contract engine; advanced integration apis; and easy use developer tools. these are intended supported dapp orchestration and deployment framework allow developers and businesses install, manage and use these applications. aergo aims advance enterprise blockchain, opening new era mass market usage blockchain. era where businesses can benefit from both public and private blockchain innovation, while focusing building, deploying and managing new services. short, the aergo project aims provide: advanced, yet friendly and easy use technology for developers and contractors secure and fast public and private blockchain cloud architecture for businesses open ecosystem for third parties and businesses connect and engage with ergo, the blockchain fuel for autonomous business generation blockchain platform (including developer tools, blockchain operating system, integration apis) www.blocko.io disclaimers this whitepaper and any other documents published association with this whitepaper relate the intended development and use aergo. they are for information purposes only and may subject change. this whitepaper describes future project this whitepaper contains forward-looking statements that are based the beliefs blocko inc., which has prepared this whitepaper part its ongoing support the project. aergo envisaged this whitepaper under development and being constantly updated, including but not limited key governance and echnical features. the aergo token involves and relates the development and use experimental platforms (software) and technologies that may not come fruition achieve the objectives specified this whitepaper. and when aergo completed, may differ significantly from the network set out this whitepaper. representation warranty given the achievement reasonableness any plans, future projections prospects and nothing this document should relied upon promise representation the future. eligible purchasers the information this whitepaper provided privately certain prospective purchasers and not intended received read anyone else. eligibility not guaranteed and likely subject restrictions offer regulated products the aergo platform, aergo token any token that operates not intended represent security any other regulated product any jurisdiction. this document does not constitute offer solicitation securities any other regulated product, nor promotion, invitation solicitation for investment purposes. the terms the purchase are not intended financial service offering document prospectus any sort. aergo token does not represent equity, shares, units, royalties rights capital, profit, returns income the platform software any company intellectual property associated with the platform any other public private enterprise, corporation, foundation other entity any jurisdiction. this whitepaper not advice this whitepaper does not constitute advice purchase aergo token. must not relied upon connection with any contract purchasing decision. risk warning the purchase aergo token and participation aergo token sale carries with significant risks. prior purchasing aergo token, you should carefully assess and take into account the risks, including those listed any other documentation. views expressed this whitepaper the views and opinions expressed this whitepaper are those blocko and not reflect the official policy position any government, quasi-government, authority public body (including but not limited any regulatory body any jurisdiction) any jurisdiction. information contained this whitepaper based sources considered reliable but there assurance their accuracy completeness. english the authorised language this whitepaper this whitepaper and related materials are issued english only. any translation for reference purposes only and not certified aergo any other person. assurance can made the accuracy and completeness any translations. there any inconsistency between translation and the english version this whitepaper, the english version prevails. third party affiliation endorsements references this whitepaper specific companies and platforms are for illustrative purposes only. the use any company and/or platform names and trademarks does not imply any affiliation with, endorsement by, any those parties. you must obtain all necessary professional advice you must consult lawyer, accountant, tax professional and/or any other professional advisors necessary prior determining whether purchase aergo token otherwise participate the aergo project. this whitepaper has not been reviewed any regulatory authority any jurisdiction. references this whitepaper specific companies, networks and/or potential use cases are for illustrative purposes only. other than explicitly mentioned partners providers such blocko inc., the use any other company and/or platform names and trademarks does not imply any affiliation with, endorsement by, any those parties. amounts are expressed united states dollars (?usd?) unless expressly stated otherwise. table contents abstract disclaimers executive summary enterprise market opportunity the opportunity the obstacle aergo aergo? hain aergo? public private repositories aergo? aergo? marketplace native blockchain asset and token model token distribution and use funds development roadmap execution plan appendices appendix-a: blockchain and open platforms primer appendix-b: blockchain and utility computing appendix-c: private public enterprise blockchain appendix-d: aergo team and advisers appendix-e: glossary terms executive summary when satoshi nakamoto introduced bitcoin the world the new cryptocurrency was meant enable electronic cash payments directly between individuals without the use banks. ten years later, the groundbreaking technology nakamoto invented power bitcoin being championed enterprises all kinds industries way radically improve their future products, services and businesses. the digital world moves towards next generation utility computing model (where value created across open networks and highly distributed ecosystems), blockchain has the potential become one the primary enterprise platforms build these systems and ecosystems on. this new world, attention likely move away from developers having understand and cater for complex architectures and the respective management and operation functions. this can help allow them focus application innovation and value creation the front end the process, where applications touch and interact with the end-user (and billions future iot devices). this ?serverless architecture? much the complexity will abstracted simply hidden from the developer and the end-user. applications will run containers and microservices combination secure private and public clouds, delivered from wide variety managed cloud delivery partners. order achieve the promise become one the major platforms for this kind utility computing world, step change ?is ?required. not only around core elements the blockchain operating system itself, but creating completely new ?enterprise blockchain platform? and associated ecosystem. these need support the creation, deployment and management new secure distributed microservice-based applications blockchain. become mainstream (so that companies and third-parties can create value this new world) the technologies, tools and methods need robust while being simple use. they also need low cost. this paper introduces aergo: next generation enterprise blockchain protocol and platform. aergo aims become one the core mainstream architectures and models used application developers and enterprise companies across vast number industries. envisioned that thousands innovative new products, services and business ecosystems will emerge that are built and run aergo. order explain the current and future target market (i.e. describe the existing problem and business opportunity that lies ahead) this paper summarises number important enterprise needs, and fast evolving it, technology and blockchain trends. whilst many technical concepts are described, many these have been simplified explain them business-friendly manner. also include more detailed information each core topic way the included appendices (for example blockchain ?primer? appendix-a). core elements aergo are built technologies developed blocko. blocko leading blockchain firm that has helped some the world's leading firms design and deploy real business systems secure blockchain. over the past four years has learned lot. blocko believes that its existing core technology and advanced blockchain in-production capabilities could form the basis new advanced blockchain platform for business. proven technologies, that are already use with over million users. blocko contributing its core technology aergo. may also deliver future services the aergo including consulting and maintenance services future customers aergo. the open source platform develops and achieves higher levels adoption with developers and businesses, anticipated that other companies may offer similar and complementary services blocko for aergo. il, jae-sik (). ??????, ???? ???.?? etnews.com, jan. available: www.etnews.com/. the opportunity important changes happening the www and tech-industry the tech-industry full promise. also full buzzwords and ?the next big thing?. truth, what have seen over the past years gradual evolution and transition between what called web and web web brought the basic internet, dial-up modems, static (slow websites) and the most basic mobile phones. web advanced and changed this. the advent iphone and android smartphones transformed the way customers interact and exchange information with one another (social media networks like facebook, instant multi-media messaging and video services like twitter, skype and youtube). also changed the way businesses could communicate with their markets (e-commerce via amazon, search and advertising through google etc.). web brought interactive, hyper-connected, immersive, virtual, digital online ecosystems create and share knowledge and collaborate and interact together. however, these systems were built highly centralized mega-platforms. platforms where vast amounts user, customer and business data (including perhaps even more important, meta-data) are collected, mined and exploited the owners the platforms. data became the new oil. however, much like oil production, few (business) parties could get into production ?extract? fair value from these ecosystems. many existing vendors support this multi-trillion industry. building and selling the technologies and tools allows mega-platform providers collect, manage, analyse and monetize this data secure centralized (database) systems. short, web made new business models possible but the largest benefits (and profits) primarily flowed into the balance sheets handful digital global mega-firms. web and so-called web are other buzzwords. yet despite this, they describe the future state that promises more ?intelligent web?. one where data used provide hyper-personalized products and contextual services for customers. many these services will run and connect with billions mobile and other iot devices. these connections will increasingly also real-time. the same time, technologies are going through some major enhancements and changes. part these are driven wider adoption more secure cloud services business. this also due wide adoption increasingly open source based platforms (such linux operating system and hadoop tensorflow collect and leverage (big) data). the most commonly used development tools and middleware for software programmers are also now almost all based open source projects. developers increasingly want create new apps that run open platforms. the above technology factors are enabling entirely new way developing new services low-cost commodity-like architectures. this what call ?utility serverless computing?. this ?serverless architecture? the focus will move away from developers and businesses having understand complex programming languages. they will also longer have cater for creating and managing complex architectures. the complexity will abstracted simply hidden from the developer and the end-user; focus moves towards the application and the service itself. shift mindset and shift focus. forecast that global spend will reach trillion usd the end this year; will also likely eclipse trillion usd within three years. the international telecommunication union has separately estimated that about billion people, almost half the world's population, would online the end this year. them, about billion are from developing countries. these users will generate vast amount data that will floating around, and big digital corporations realised, personal information enormously valuable asset. over the past years, there has been mass stockpiling data centralised servers, with google, amazon, facebook and twitter the biggest custodians. people sacrificed privacy and data ownership for the convenience these services. whether they knew not, their identities, browsing habits, searches and online shopping information were sold the highest (advertising) bidder. the same time that these technology and internet innovations were happening, consumers, businesses and fact governments across the world have become more savvy and demanding how personal and business data collected, stored and accessed (used). new legislation has already been introduced particular jurisdictions (such the general data protection regulation (??gdpr??). today, few digital giants have created the leading solutions that have allowed them capture disproportionate piece the web opportunity, with monopoly-like data-hungry services that ran centralised and highly protected closed ecosystems and databases. however, the new emerging (and more data aware) next generation serverless utility computing world, there huge opportunity for new players create innovative products and services, capturing value more open and trusted distributed ecosystems. this architectural methodology matures, believe will increasingly taken for many thousands new business projects almost every sector industry that deals with digital asset exchange. for example, everest group has predicted that blockchain will achieve accelerated adoption within the next few years the banking industry (see figure page believe this new world the next phase the internet: the human-centered decentralized internet. non. (). ?gartner says global spending reach trillion available: https://www.gartner.com/newsroom/id/ parliament. (). ?the general data protection regulation.? available: https://www.eugdpr.org/ blockchain?s role even though still young and immature terms, blockchain provides probably the most innovative and secure, transparent and trusted way for developers and companies capture value more open and trusted future distributed ecosystems. democratisation the idea. blockchain provides the means. for the first time ever, are able create decentralised architecture the internet, whereby the consensus (regarding trust, data integrity and governance) across entire network can achieved securely and efficiently without third party (controlling) intermediary. blockchain-enabled systems are intended allow for the creation single, universal, absolutely trustworthy and indestructible record (ledger) digital assets and associated transactions. can ways that are often better and more efficient than the tools used today. for one, blockchain technology creates viable, decentralized record cryptographically encoded transactions (the distributed ledger), which allows for the substitution traditional master database with central points failure and other security issues. the most critical area where blockchain helps guarantee the validity transaction recording not only main register but connected distributed system databases, all which are connected through secure validation mechanism. second generation blockchain technologies allowed for network peers administer their own ?smart contracts? computer programmes carried the blockchain that execute their terms autonomously and without intermediary once the criteria have been met. the platform level, believe this has the potential lead radical simplification and cost reduction for large parts many digital ecosystems, while making them more open, secure and reliable. user and business data collected and stored secure distributed way. this also prevents (existing and future) tech-giants from hoarding and abusing the same data for their own business gain. perhaps the most exciting area development, however, will the dapps that run blockchain system. ?dapp abbreviated form for decentralized application. dapp has its backend software code running decentralized peer-to-peer network. contrast this with typical app where the backend code running centralized servers. although the benefits dapps specific industries are still largely unknown mainstream internet audiences, they show great promise. services that use dapps support the creation user-and-business-centric web where user and customers retain complete ownership their data, identity and digital assets. some the key potential benefits dapps include: dramatic simplification supply and value chains (removing many ?middle-men?) ability settle transactions and close deals automatically (anytime) super accurate pay-as-you-go revenue business transactions improved security (in terms immutability) data and applications stored increased business (faster and more reliable transactions) reduced overhead costs (such personnel and facilities) transaction fraud prevention (ultimate trust machine) significantly lower average transaction costs (simpler overall architecture) many potential use cases exist for dapp?s serverless utility computing implementations. while the adoption serverless dapps still very much work-in-progress, early indicators show that they will become major force how businesses deliver new services via secure and distributed cloud based services. there also much written about proofs-of-concept and even few (simple) in-production deployments blockchain. however, there are number challenges today with blockchain, especially adopted enterprise scale businesses. these include the following: hard for developers and contractors write applications for blockchain there are (too) many conflicting implementation models choose from the ability design, test, deploy and manage crucial for scaling and running dapps often lacks the performance needed data controls typical businesses can very difficult integrate new blockchain project into existing systems likely there will need build multiple blockchains within enterprise firm short, businesses may find very difficult support multiple blockchain solutions. appendix-b provides more details blockchain this serverless utility computing world. enter aergo. noted there are challenges with blockchain today. however, strongly believe that open, secure, distributed business ecosystems blockchain will win the long run. what needed for enterprise businesses and developers feature-rich, open and easy-to-use horizontal enterprise development and deployment blockchain ?platform?. not just another blockchain protocol, but fully-featured ecosystem enable and promote cooperation amongst the many stakeholders involved. blockchain platform that can support any industry and any sector. this platform needs include ?middleware and normalization layer? that serves seamlessly connect legacy software the new world distributed serverless blockchain systems. platform that built for business, developers, system integrators and other key third-parties who all have important role play these emerging distributed ecosystems our opinion, this perhaps the most challenging (but also the most exciting) area development for blockchain which will see over the coming three five years. with global spend circa usd trillion, such enterprise blockchain platform can both create and capture significant value for businesses and its creators. this the primary rationale and focus for the aergo project. the obstacle there are several obstacles for enterprises who want adopt and use public and private blockchain environments. challenges like these that perhaps explain why have yet see numerous mass-deployed in-production systems built blockchain many industries. lack reliability lack full control their infrastructure raises operational issues for businesses. public blockchains have been subjected frequent ?hard forks? (i.e. was sometimes necessary modify the underlying technology, thereby creating totally separate variant the original software program). when public blockchain experiences hard fork, the dapp applications are meant continue operate usual the new version the protocol. when you consider the spider-web like relations between enterprise solutions, hard fork simple user-application could potentially cause critical business failure. hard forks can often increase the vulnerability the network itself such that may become susceptible issues such network replay denial-of-service (??ddos??) attack. example, there have already been number hard-forks the original bitcoin blockchain protocol (see figure more are scheduled the very near future. the use blockchain increases, the underlying technology needs advance (for example provide improved scalability). this also requires all nodes running the software upgrade the latest version the protocol software. strongly believe that the demand for blockchain technology will lead further hard fork attempts. this makes enterprise blockchain use not only challenging but some cases impossible for firms who need stable it. figure ?bitcoin blockchain forks date another issue high volatility transaction fees. have seen the -day average per-transaction price [of bitcoin] increase usd. march some transactions were the waiting pool included the network. this volatility makes business applications blockchain unpredictable and unsustainable. generally, businesses not like operational cost uncertainty, often rejecting promising new technologies result. lockchain info. (). ?average over days from ..?. available: https://www.blockchain.info integration difficulty for several decades, enterprises all sizes have been optimizing and transforming their businesses through the use digital technologies. this has often occurred waves, resulting layers upon layers different systems being tested and implemented. this turn has led complex operations and workflows. enterprise infrastructures therefore tend depend diverse range technologies and processes. integrating new disruptive technology such blockchain into traditionally complex (and often proprietary) system can very difficult, risky and costly. while open standards such security assertion markup language (??saml??) the web access delegation standard and reference architecture for authentication (oath) help, making new system fully work with widely used products such active directory, oracle sap hugely complex task. software development difficulty new technologies such blockchain often introduce new programming frameworks and languages. the majority enterprise developments tend project-focused, there little room for developers experiment and learn new languages and tools. some these are complex understand, such solidity. with solidity, developers are able write applications that implement self-enforcing business logic embodied smart contracts, leaving non-refutable and authoritative record the transaction. our opinion, many firms simply not have the software developer flexibility capability use these kind new languages. companies often use part-time contractors deliver project work. many these contractors are unlikely want pick and learn new language for project. these tasks are ?outsourced?, believe would unwise entirely rely external third party write and codify the blockchain important business logic and rules. are the view that instead forcing developers learn new languages create smart contracts, believe that enterprise blockchain should easy enough understand and program. this would allow developers leverage their existing expertise and experience with familiar toolchains (such c++, golang, javascript and python). sql also very well understood and widely accepted language for programming and managing data yet appears almost forgotten some blockchain implementations. privacy issues the business community has stronger requirement for data privacy than currently provided public blockchains. while one way achieve data privacy and improved security public blockchain implement encryption and decryption layer the application level, enterprise blockchain implementations often need provide more robust, holistic approach for securing data, particularly where involves sensitive and/or legally protected information. example, new and more stringent gdpr standard will imposed and come into force may across europe. this will require that companies, including those that use blockchain (for their business), consider data privacy related issues the design systems implementing security and data-privacy design, and not afterthought. scalability problems many the current blockchains are adequate for dealing with simple scalability. however, believe that many large-scale use cases, businesses need systems that can automatically deal with more demand from gradual even sudden demand from the user(s) the service. this demand may require more immediate local computer resources, what called vertically scaled-up system (for example more local memory, storage, computing, network capacity for specific high-throughput task). example could business transaction that needs executed the shortest time possible (e.g. secure the price stock traded regulated exchange specific moment time). where there sudden peak user demand, this requires the infrastructure immediately add extra computer resources across distributed system share the extra load (in what termed horizontal scale-out system). example here could immediate huge demand across the internet purchase tickets for just-announced and in-demand event (e.g. new extra date announced for concert that has already sold-out for one the world?s most popular pop groups). interoperability constraints even though the market still currently its infancy, there are over different public blockchain protocols being used primarily supporting bitcoin and the many other crypto ?altcoins?. the same time there are also least custom developed private blockchains developed and used large enterprise companies. each one these implementations blockchain different. this reduces the possible benefits from economies scale across these many diverse use cases. the market develops and matures (as was witnessed with cloud computing over the past ten years, and before that with linux, another open source project), predict that many these blockchain implementations will disappear through lack mass adoption. others will continue exist smaller and specialist use-cases only. the most successful projects will eventually integrate with one another form larger blockchain ?ecosystems? and platforms. believe that the majority future innovation and around blockchain (as well its mass adoption) will likely evolve around public ecosystems and not private blockchains. each the resulting blockchain platforms and ecosystems will require specialist tools, integration know-how and deployment skills. most firms will struggle keep with being able deal with this interoperability and the manageability the many variant private blockchains. mentioned earlier, very challenging combine and work with public and private blockchains. especially this results degrading performance and losing important characteristics from either system (the trust vs. performance paradox). aergo, the blockchain fuel for autonomous business aergo revolutionary concept and open source project. aergo platform aergo seeks leverage and extend both public and private blockchains, supported modern cloud architectures. hope create technology and operational framework that supports ecosystem (dapp) developers, curated cloud delivery partners, and enterprise companies. short, aim create platform that allows each party create innovative and trusted business services. aergo intends distributed modern ecosystem built around high-performance, secure and easy use public blockchain (that call aergo chain). some the key features aergo are depicted figure that follows. figure key features aergo just like the development, evolution and adoption ?hybrid cloud? over the past years, aergo intends facilitate the creation hybrid blockchain based products and business models. aergo proposes use state-of-the-art technology that implemented and manifested simple use practical blockchain protocol. this protocol intended designed that can used any combination (i) public, (ii) private (iii) combined public plus private blockchain architecture configuration. this depicted figure below. aergo aims become the facto enterprise blockchain. one that bridges the gap between both public and private networks. platform that uses core blockchain technology and deployment blueprints that have already been proven real-life in-production systems across the world blocko. blocko has successfully delivered in-production blockchain systems (for companies) supporting over million users aergo also aims provide and support developer friendly, feature-rich, multi-paradigm and consistent plugin-based smart contract infrastructure for programming each business implementation. making ?design?, ?deployment?, ?usage? and ?management? are key design principles for the aergo project. making things easy not simple. this especially true for blockchain today. figure aergo bridges the public and private blockchain worlds for enterprise aergo intends combine the practicality and innovation public blockchains, with the performance and security provided private blockchains. just with cloud computing, hope develop the technology enable companies develop and run their (dapp) applications secure public infrastructure. when needed, these companies will able easily and seamlessly migrate some (or even all) these applications more high-performance private blockchain. all this and without losing any the benefits their previous public blockchain model implementation. enable such comprehensive hybrid blockchain architecture, innovative technologies and novel data bridging framework (proxy) are required make these different types system work together. the bridging proxy would allow bi-directional communication between multiple public and private blockchain networks. the ability develop, compile and embed smart contracts into such diverse architecture will also required. this also needs supported very high-performance and efficient virtual machine engine for future and more comprehensive smart contract development. this principle depicted the illustrative diagram below. figure ?aergo ecosystem network illustrating public and each private chain bridged aergo: summary architecture aergo intends leverage and build upon blocko?s existing coinstack platform, which fully supported enterprise product that has been adopted many its existing clients. aergo aims provide complete framework for developing, orchestrating and deploying dapps secure and high-performance cloud architectures. blocko will also help cultivate technology and supporting partner ?ecosystem?. the key stakeholders the aergo ecosystem include any type business wishing use blockchain and their developers; well the contractors, infrastructure and service providers that provide value-adding services. aergo also intends support open source developers who wish use, develop, incubate and extend core features and projects within the aergo technology stack. aergo proposes not only open-source friendly, will ?be? open source. attracting new ideas and projects extend the value and utility the aergo ecosystem key principle for this initiative. the ecosystem partners will include special programs support teams and research projects enable these innovations. the core elements aergo are shown below. together these elements form the aergo platform. figure ?aergo core elements (i) aergo chain:? ?public internet blockchains. aergo chain proposed new protocol consisting global public decentralized network enterprise blockchains run node providers. intends contain ?aergosql?, new canonical smart contract engine easily create advanced smart contracts enable innovative business products and services. summary, aergo chain can conceptually considered open source blockchain operating system. aergo hub?:? ?the ?public interface into the underlying aergo chain (ii) aergo hub aims work with and connects secure dapps with aergo chain.the dapps that are created are intended stored one two repositories: aergo public repository, shared, open and decentralized underlying infrastructure for dapps (similar git public repositories that used host open source projects, automated build servers for public cloud computing) aergo private repository, controlled, secure and private infrastructure for dapps. this aims achieve access control, application security and performance, data compliance, well quality service (??qos??) that are required for enterprise systems both types repositories inherit the industry tested implementation frameworks and api compatibility coinstack, proven with clients across the globe. ikipedia, the free encyclopedia. ().? quality service.? available: https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=quality_of_service&oldid= these dapps (as well other supporting software, computing resources and services that are optimized for blockchain) need orchestrated, provisioned, deployed and managed used aergo chain. this intended achieved through ?aergo horde?: public orchestration, management and software framework for infrastructure providers who want participate the aergo hub ecosystem. for example: blockchain ?node providers? software vendors. summary, aergo hub conceptually very similar techniques found current public cloud web services. (iii) aergo marketplace?: proposed one stop shop for software applications, computing? ?resources and other services? optimized for aergo chain aergo marketplace software, computing and other services are intended run work with aergo chain part the ecosystem that supports the aergo platform these partner services are accessed via the aergo hub public interface these services are intended managed via aergo horde aergo detailed functions and capabilities the following section describes more detail the technical capabilities the above (as well other related) key functions within the aergo platform. while this may overly technical for some readers, hope that least outlining these core functions some the unique and innovative capabilities aergo are appreciated. for more detailed information see the detailed aergo technical white paper available www.aergo.io?. wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. (). ?orchestration (computing)?. available: https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=orchestration_(computing)&oldid= aergo chain aergo chain intends public blockchain protocol designed mitigate issues currently found public blockchains. aergo chain intends deploy delegated-proof-of-stake (??dpos??) governance model. also intends implement novel score based autonomous delegation algorithm enhance reliability and quality service (??qos??). the aergo chain aims feature sql based smart contract platform increase usability. this perhaps one the most critical components solving number major and current integration difficulties with blockchain. believe that enterprise focused features such distributed version backbone how users will create collectively these new features will blockchains. blockchain protocol layer needs include advanced control and concurrency control. these form the public and especially private dapp repositories. help enhance the privacy future enterprise new parallel processing capability smart contracts seeks allow aergo chain handle millions transactions per second. aergo intended designed for optimal scale-up and scale-out blockchain networks, suit the demand wide range products and services running blockchain. believe will also capable engaging and utilising parallel throughput networking fabric, well supporting multi-thread architecture for multi-core and ultra-fast cached memory computer environments. many the techniques being developed for aergo chain are based core capabilities from blocko?s coinstack operating system, coupled with their learnings from building in-production systems for large enterprise clients their existing computer networks and their secure and private data centres. consensus algorithm perhaps one the most defining and important characteristic blockchain the chosen consensus algorithm. consensus algorithm the key program that verifies that block that added blockchain the real version. without consensus algorithm, any actor could potentially add information the blockchain, derailing the legitimacy the entire system. whilst these consensus algorithms involve complex mathematics and logic (and are perhaps beyond the scope the reader), important least understand the basics the selected model that being developed for the high-performance aergo platform. ycryptopedia. (). ?delegated proof-of-stake (dpos) explained.? available: https://www.mycryptopedia.com/delegated-proof-stake-dpos-explained/ therefore provide simple description the most relevant and associated technologies the next sections. further information dtt can found the aergo technical whitepaper. aergo chain supports various consensus algorithms and allows its users define and choose consensus algorithm best meet their business requirements. however, the fundamental and default choice consensus algorithm for aergo proposed delegated proof stake (??dpos??). believe this algorithm class provides enhanced scalability coupled with economical operational model. addition the aergo dpos algorithm will aim promote and support businesses and important blockchain node providers participate the network. this will help the long-term viability, efficiency and sustainability the overall network. proof work there widespread belief the blockchain community (public articles and other sources reference) that proof work (??pow??) the most genuine and useful consensus algorithm for blockchain. the benefits pow are that concise, easy understand and has the potential the most democratic consensus method. however, pow has few very serious drawbacks. pow may allow power and control end the hands few large miners. also believe network predictability, stability and sustainability are fundamental requirement for businesses. they are major contributing factors for operational qos large-scale it-systems. public blockchains designed for business will have eliminate the possibility that external forces could impair both qos and place control the hands fewer (or perhaps bad) actors. proof stake various algorithms are emerging around proof stake (??pos??), including potential developments the ethereum platform. some this work still not settled even implemented. many efforts are currently under way solve some the most important technical issues involving pos (such the nothing-at-stake). however, believe, pos itself unlikely become mainstream consensus method, until addresses certain challenges, such branches happening so-called ?coin slashing?. for example, error (or bug) breaks pos rule, will cause so-called coin slashing and thus create very undesirable hard fork the blockchain. hard-forks public networks directly impact network reliability. they can also significantly increase the security risk operating businesses that run on, that are linked to, public network. figure depicted earlier page this report shows prior forks bitcoin. delegated proof stake delegated proof stake (??dpos??) alternative and promising consensus algorithm. dpos progressive and network (energy) efficient model that has been used number high-profile blockchain projects (such eos, steem and bitshares). promotes decentralization (as does not require huge, specialized often concentrated computer mining farms). dpos also provides benefits for network stakeholders help ensure that bad actors are removed from the network. this combined social and technological form democratization recognizes valuable participants and supports good behavior the network. effect it?s self-monitoring and positive-promoting model. believe dpos both easy understand and less likely create hard forks. also believe that acting participating node network where participants are enterprises and infrastructure providers reduces the possibility hard-forks even further. the important requirement for business process qos would also greatly enhanced. summary, pow provides purely economic incentives only. contrast dpos seeks combine economic incentives with social consensus and has been chosen for aergo. smart contract aergo chain aims support well-tested and easy use multi-paradigm smart contract infrastructure. includes the ethereum virtual machine. this hybrid approach provides useful interoperability between different types smart contract operations. aergosql aergosql the term given smart contracts operating and within aergo chain. aergosql seeks offer relational data model for storing and accessing data and sql-like scripting language for writing smart contracts. strongly believe that this new approach based traditional, well understood, and easy use sql technology will enable the mass market developers and business users benefit from blockchain. simple indicative example the resulting coding model can seen the extract below. figure ?aergosql coding model extract for maximum performance, aergosql intended adopt advanced innovative technologies, such llvm compiler infrastructure (providing intelligent jit compilation) and high-performance b-tree data structure implementation (such open source wiredtiger for data storage). smart contract execution utility within aergo (and denominated native digital asset aergo chain). proposed that smart contract execution (including the computing power needed for this task) aergo will consumed running cost. branching and merging one the most complicated concepts involved distributed version control systems, the process merging branches. for blockchain (that must deal with real-time data) merging even more difficult achieve. ikipedia, the free encyclopedia. (). ?llvm?. available: https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=llvm&oldid= ichael cahill. ().? technical introduction wiredtiger?. available: https://www.mongodb.com/presentations/a-technical-introduction-to-wiredtiger due its non-destructive process, believe branching aergo will simple and straightforward process. however, merging requires two different approaches: (i) automated merging default, automatic merging the expected process for merging two branches. automatic merging similar block-reorganization process blockchains. this case, the merging source's blocks are dissolved into transactions and absorbed the merging target's merging-pool. ultimately, the merging pool results new block attached the merging target's best block. the process, transactions inconsistent with the merging target branch are automatically excluded from the new block. (ii) consistent merging consistent merging happens only when branch created with the specified consistent merging logic. consistent merging similar the merge functionality provided version control systems such git. unlike automatic merging (which discards inconsistent transactions default), consistent merging relies the predefined conflict resolution logic manage inconsistent transactions. the conflict resolution logic implemented system-level smart contract. believe aergo chain will provide both friendly syntax and semantics for users accustomed version control systems such git. such functionalities can accessed through the aergo cli client, well rpc (remote procedure call) apis. aergo chain aims developer friendly. seeks allow developers use technologies, tools and methods that are familiar and well understood. concurrency control concurrency control critical function for blockchain networks. ensures the dpos consensus algorithm deterministic (i.e. being entirely predictable) when delegates within blockchain network schedule the important block creation transactions. aergo chain will aim provide two mechanisms for transaction serialization. these are (i) block-level serialization and (ii) pool-level serialization. (i) block-level serialization since each branch blockchain consists series blocks, the transactions can serialized stacking one block after another. aergo intends provide multi version concurrency control (mvcc) which are based block heights. once branch and block height are specified, ikipedia, the free encyclopedia. (). ?git.? available: https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=git&oldid= therefore possible provide consistent reads across different nodes the repository. aergo's mvcc functionality intends provide both snapshot isolation that used for consistent reads and form optimistic locking, through row document versioning. mvcc only works for block-level serialization. (ii) pool-level serialization persons accessing aergo nodes can take advantage the deterministic nature the scheduled creation blocks delegates. this characteristic provided the core dpos consensus. allows for execution synchronous transactions, providing strong guarantee transaction finality. since each delegated node aergo network can apply uniform serialization ordering process new transactions into the memory pool and create new blocks, clients not have wait for block interval completion retrieve the result transactions. result, the latency executing transaction decreases from seconds milliseconds. pool-level serialization depicted the diagram below. figure pool level serialization aergo chain parallelism performance aergo intended maximised combination transaction and block-level parallel processing. the performance blockchain system primarily depends on: (i) the efficiency creating and sharing new blocks; and (ii) the time takes for each node process the new blocks. the entire distributed consensus protocol involved the block creation process blockchain. while distributed consensus protocols have been studied (and are under the spotlight for various blockchain projects) are the view that the actual block creation process each node existing systems often poorly designed and implemented. underperforming nodes are sometimes acceptable public consumer-grade blockchain implementations (such bitcoin and ethereum). however, enterprise-grade blockchain like aergo, requires more robust performance. ideally this should near real-time. result, each node needs carefully implemented just effectively and efficiently with the consensus protocol itself. aergo chain intends introduce the concept parallelism various stages the processing blocks maximise system performance. parallelism blockchain system involves the careful analysis and understanding the dependencies between transactions included each block. also requires efficient architecture, such those inspired staged event-driven architecture (??seda??). this (important) form parallelism depicted the diagram that follows. wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. ()?. staged event-driven architecture.? available: https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=staged_event-driven_architecture&oldid= figure aergo parallelism dependency analysis dependency analysis key factor that aims enable aergo?s parallel processing capabilities. aergo aims perform dependency analysis among the transactions and blocks, create data structure the execution order. measures the deterministic results within the state machines affected transactions. the data structure format called deterministic transaction tree (??dtt??). further information dtt can found the aergo technical whitepaper. aergo file system aergo?s own unique file system (??aergofs??) seeks further enhance aergo?s scalability, especially regards scale-out and scale-up systems mentioned earlier. aergofs intends operate much like modern day distributed file system. aims provide structured and unstructured data storage capability for aergo chain. unlike the hadoop distributed file system (??hdfs??) with its chunked data storage, aergofs intended service very large number files. aergofs based facebook?s haystack technology. our design aim that aergo chain will support and enable its developers and users with adequate permissions access the underlying ledger data providing easy-to-use git-like private repositories. this important capability for developers. domain-based partitioning domain-based partitioning the most basic strategy secure scalability for aergo. domain partitioning seeks achieved through the distributed version control functionality aergo. unlike conventional blockchain implementations, aergo proposes able freely fork and merge its data through branches. this referred distributed version control (?dvc)?. result, the distributed ledger can partitioned both logically and physically through different repositories. such approach has already been used successfully other established distributed version controls (such with git mercurial). for instance, the widely deployed github system able host tens millions repositories. however, the effectiveness domain-based partitioning primarily dependent the structure and usage the data. when single repository needs handle unbounded expansion data, partitioning data through branching very difficult. result, aergo aims utilize additional scalability approaches and capabilities through the use the aergo file system (aergofs) and aergo hub. distributed directory distributed directory (??dd??) core functionality that intended used building block within the aergo implementation. bm. (). ?apache hadoop distributed file system?. available: https://www.ibm.com/analytics/hadoop/hdfs. eter vajgel. (). ?needle haystack: efficient storage billions photos.? available: https://code.facebook.com/posts//needle-in-a-haystack-efficient-storage-of-billions-of-photos/ each repository manages independent and isolated namespace. each namespace turn contains information about different branches and tags residing the repository, well the validity various identifiers the blockchain. each blockchain its own, with its own genesis block and the best block. unlike conventional blocks, blocks are limited size with relatively long creation interval between them. addition, dds are used for managing metadata, they need compact. terms its role and functionality, comparable data dictionaries databases, zookeeper for hadoop, etcd for coreos. summary, ?aergo chain? intends powerful? ?public internet blockchains awrence hecht. ().? coreos, red hat and kubernetes competition.? available: https://thenewstack.io/coreos-red-hat-kubernetes-competition/ aergo repositories public private aergo chain aims support the creation public and private repositories ?out-of-the box?. repositories are form code hosting platform for developers. they contain the actual software program code that being developed for project. they are also used for version control and collaboration. repositories allow developers and others work together new projects from anywhere. effect, repositories manage project, set files, they change over time. repositories are actually the smallest forms blockchains aergo chain. repository can effectively either private blockchain; can public blockchain that function independently aergo chain. both public and private repositories aergo are free use. access the repositories established and controlled the entity that creates them. typically public repositories are open anyone identified the public network. private repositories are only accessible developers and users that are allowed into the specific private network. this depicted the diagram below. figure ?aergo public and private repositories aergo public repository the aergo public repository aims shared, open and decentralized underlying infrastructure for dapps (much like public repository git that used host open source projects, and automated build servers, for public cloud computing). open for reading and writing, alternatively may even selectively grant permissions anonymous users. common configuration create aergo public repository read-only anonymous access. aergo private repository the aergo private repository, aims controlled, secure and private infrastructure for dapps. this assures full access control, application security and performance, data compliance, well qos all which are necessary for enterprise systems. aergo private repository assures full access control for both reading and writing within the repository (only users with the right permission can work these repositories). creating new branch from remote parent branch, users can keep newly created blocks private branch that are isolated from the public. only permission granted the specific repository housing the branch, are users able access the blocks within the respective repository. aergo also enables important git-like data models and command structures; this allows functions such free branching out, merging blocks. within each repository, proposed that different branches can point different snapshot the content the blockchain, order create specific status. new branches can also created. finally, the concept ?best chain? aergo analogous the master branch. both types repositories (public and private) inherit the industry tested implementation frameworks and api compatibility coinstack (blocko?s fully supported enterprise product and industry tested api framework). branching and merging aergo depicted below. figure ?branching and merging order create and connect aergo public repositories and private repositories, the users leverage features and services within aergo hub. aergo hub aergo hub proposed the public interface, through which enterprise companies and dapp developers access computing power run their business applications on. aergo hub intends connect and work with dapps the aergo chain. the dapps are created and stored either the two repositories described earlier. aergo hub aims similar nature current proven public cloud web services (such amazon aws). these offer number advanced capabilities (depicted figure below), such as: support for software microservices; content delivery network (??cdn??); serverless database; interfaces for smart oracles (to connect blockchain with separate data sources such separate database); and smart gateway intelligently route data traffic messages into blockchain figure ?aergo hub functional illustration summary, ?aergo hub? ?is the proposed public interface into aergo chain ikipedia, the free encyclopedia. (). content delivery network. available: https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=content_delivery_network&oldid= aergo horde aergo dapps (as well all other supporting software, computing resources and services that are optimized for blockchain) need orchestrated, provisioned, deployed and managed use. our intention achieve this through ?aergo horde?. this public orchestration management and software framework for infrastructure and other third party providers who want participate the aergo hub ecosystem. for example: blockchain ?node providers? software vendors. these providers will need install aergo horde order act and host node (in effect this allows them ?connect? their services the aergo ecosystem). aergo horde will open source, public-domain software project. aergo horde provided with its own specialised operating system for manageability and efficiency called ?aergo os?. this provides certain interfaces and components that interact and work with embedded and high-performance linux kernel and associated services (as illustrated the diagram below). figure ?aergo architecture with aergo os, believe that node provider will able perform number very useful system-level tasks, such check node information, monitor resource usability, and the produced block information. aergo marketplace aergo marketplace proposes ?one stop shop for software applications, computing resources and other services optimized for aergo chain the aergo marketplace software, computing and other services are intended compatible and run work with aergo chain. proposed the aergo marketplace will accessed via the aergo hub public interface and managed via aergo horde. this flow depicted the diagram that follows. figure ?aergo marketplace illustration propose enable third parties, such service providers, independent software vendors and cloud infrastructure vendors, that they can make their products and services available users aergo. the end-users aergo will software developers, and all types and size businesses wishing build, manage and run blockchain project whilst similar nature traditional cloud marketplaces, our aim ensure aergo marketplace significantly lowers the barriers entry for its users. this includes individual software developers, contractors and companies (from small smbs large multinational enterprise firms). also plan provide support for national and regional government agencies, who may wish use aergo solve specific problems. example this provide secure and anonymous citizen voting system based blockchain (just has already been implemented blocko with coinstack for regional local government province south korea). aergo marketplace will operate business and partner ecosystem. plan provide wide range digital capabilities that can used develop and deploy innovative blockchain solutions. the platform intends support public, secure private and hybrid blockchain deployment models. examples the digital capabilities that, over time, will made available the aergo marketplace include, may include: computing power (cpu) storage (scalable ultra fast), solid-state memory content delivery network (cdn) machine learning algorithms digital content (new algorithms and new software microservices) specialised databases smart contract and smart oracle (templates) blockchain integration blueprints digital identity blueprints document time stamping (dts blueprints) aergo blockchain training the aergo platform will plan consider including other modules and welcome new ideas from parties interested engaging and cooperating with the aergo ecosystem. summary, aim make the aergo marketplace vibrant, open and sustainable ecosystem. marketplace full new technologies and innovations; whether these are provided from single developers large software vendors. these services will promoted and hopefully employed power the next generation business running secure blockchain. the underlying architecture will also based low cost distributed utility computing deployment model. aergo token? [native blockchain asset and token model] aergo token ?(??aergo token??) the proposed utility token operate the aergo platform. aims serve multitude different functions. the aergo token broadly speaking intended the medium exchange within the aergo ecosystem. these tokens aim grant the holder the right certain services available within the aergo ecosystem. more specifically, intended that the tokens are used for: running the smart contract (aergosql); dpos consensus algorithm payment method for blocko?s technical support coinstack payment method for aergo hub services; payment method for services and assets aergo marketplace; and payment method for the aergo domain aergo tokens are also intended transferable within the platform. the aergo main-net expected live early (the current target release date being intended that initially, holding aergo tokens can used access and purchase products and services coinstack (the latest proven enterprise blockchain platform release from blocko). the circulation and use aergo token depicted the illustrative example below. figure ?aergo native asset circulation token distribution and use funds token supply total aergo tokens will issued. the allocation and use tokens will accordance with the table set out below, but subject change. proportion tokens for sale aergo community incentives and strategic partners reserved token issuer advisors and key backers employees token issuer and affiliates use proceeds the proceeds from the tokens for sale are intended used develop and advance the technology programs and partner ecosystem development aspects aergo. breakdown the proposed proceeds depicted the following table, but subject change. r&d ecosystem incubation marketing strategic alliances and business development miscellaneous development roadmap the proposed roadmap and release schedule for the aergo chain; aergo hub and aergo marketplace build-out depicted the following diagram. ?figure ?aergo development roadmap this roadmap subject change. may also influenced specific early-tester and early-adopter enterprise customers who have already expressed interest using aergo. this may result certain capabilities being released earlier (or later) than the above plan suggests. execution plan recognize that the aergo project has very ambitious long-term goals. however, frequent releases key parts the aergo platform are intended announced. already significant components are under advanced development. part the overall program for aergo and kick-start the project, intend use and leverage the following components from blocko: blocko coinstack and blocko know-how contribution blocko proposes contribute number its existing products, services and know-how the aergo platform. will also leverage some its existing customers who have expressed interest aergo?s future capabilities. these (blocko based) contributions are expected include: coinstack key initial foundational element the aergo protocol our intention that the aergo protocol will inherit some its key and proven functionalities (such apis which are intended backwards compatible). proven enterprise deployment models being able provide secure and data-privacy-compliant deployment frameworks (e.g. proven and tested use-cases) are important for aergo, tested and adopted future enterprise clients. blocko will share number these production-tested deployment frameworks with the aergo and its users. blocko?s existing (and future) enterprise customers blocko has date secured over paying customers and has implemented even more production systems based its coinstack version blockchain. blocko proposes approach its existing clients present aergo enhancement their existing deployments. this will especially useful those firms that originally moved away from connecting public blockchains due lack operational control and privacy concerns. blocko market and directly support aergo based implementations blocko proposes present and actively sell aergo preferred open protocol that can configure and connect its own coinstack solution for clients. will also directly support enterprise deployments aergo based products and services. blocko strategic technology partner for the aergo blocko intends provide technology development, well and direct technical support, aergo. aergo will also benefit from blocko?s leading edge and industry in-production proven research and development and integration and support capabilities (currently based out south korea, hong kong and london). blocko continues expand globally and intends operate many other countries and regions the world. blocko?s existing infrastructure and blockchain partners blocko will assist helping create the aergo ecosystem. number its technology partners have expressed desire engage with and help initiate the aergo ecosystem. examples include specialist sql development firm, cloud infrastructure provider and large international telecommunications firm. other supporting third-party ecosystem activities new technology innovations, curated value-adding partners, supporting open source and software developers are all critical elements the aergo ecosystem. discovering and working with these aergo stakeholders (and their expansion) fundamental part the project. this will also involve developing strategic, technology and service relationships key industrial and governmental sectors. reserving significant portion the funding intended used promote and develop the above aergo stakeholder ecosystem. support and help guide these efforts, the project has also secured the services highly experienced advisory panel. this panel contains some the world?s leading experts in: blockchain, distributed databases, utility computing, digital communications, cloud computing, big data, machine learning/ai, virtualization, open source technology, open source licensing, computer programming, security, open source business development, financial and investment banking, government relations and strategic partner business development. the aergo team can seen appendix-d. appendices appendix-a: blockchain open platforms primer bitcoin date perhaps the most well-known called virtual crypto coin. has gained high degree attention amongst public and government regulators. this due its frequent use pseudonymous (sometimes illegal) transactions and its fluctuating value. bitcoin and the many other ?altcoin? currencies that have appeared the market are not the focus this aergo paper, but rather the novel technology architecture that these coins run and exist is. this technology blockchain. very simplistic level, blockchain just database. database that both distributed (it runs multiple computers) and secure. just like linux hadoop?, public blockchains are also open source; that is, the technology not owned any single software company and developed open and transparent process developers around the world. blockchain ingenious technology that uses sophisticated cryptographic techniques and intelligent (so called consensus algorithms) ensure autonomous method which digital transactions are approved and accepted within its ledger system. consensus algorithm also effects how transactions and data are shared and pushed out the computers within the blockchain network. blockchain technology provides tamper-proof version the truth, that transactions recorded its system can trusted. this trust applies parties that have little (or indeed no) trust between them. what revolutionary that blockchain operates intermediary and largely human free system. even though database technologies have been use for over years, this had never been done before. blockchain-enabled systems are intended allow for the creation single, universal, trustworthy and completely indestructible register digital assets and associated transactions. the blockchain can used provide the basic services that are essential any system where there exchange digital assets (or even simply data). can ways that are often better and more efficient than the tools used today. for one, blockchain technology creates viable, decentralized record cryptographically encoded transactions, the distributed ledger, which allows the substitution traditional (and potentially less secure) master database for large numbers distributed ones. believe this has the potential lead radical simplification and cost reduction for large parts many digital systems, while making them more secure and reliable. blockchain technology also allows for the creation digital assets tokens, which can provide mechanism for direct and unambiguous transfer value while keeping the advantages digital networks. also believe that blockchain technology offers far better means establishing and using identity than what use now. identity can stored cryptographically, with the ability for individuals blockchain network simultaneously authenticate their identities while protecting their privacy. providing unique, non-forgeable identities, along with inviolable record their ownership, the blockchain can potentially greatly simplify the direct transfer physical assets and increase confidence their origin. programming capabilities blockchains are enabled through so-called ?smart contracts?. smart contracts are event-driven computer programs that possess the ability take control the underlying unit value. short, they are programs designed automate execution and settlement tasks. they are the application layer that allows dapp?s unlock most the value from blockchain system (see figure- below). smart contracts enable businesses incorporate the value financial transactions other digital agreements into form cryptographically-assured business logic, giving the ability execute and move value autonomously. short, business tasks are encoded and embedded securely within the blockchain itself for auto-execution, auto-checking, auto-enforcement and auto-recording. smart contracts are therefore written and then compiled directly into the blockchain i.e. they are effect embedded within the blockchain itself for this auto-execution happen when called upon. figure smart contracts verest group. (). smart contracts: realizing the benefits blockchain. available: https://www.everestgrp.com/--smart-contracts-realizing-benefits-blockchain-.html/ blockchains cannot access data outside their self-contained networks. therefore, important supplementary capability smart contracts are called ?smart oracles?. smart oracles (in the context blockchain) are external agents programs that find and verify real-world occurrences and submit this information blockchain used the smart contracts themselves. they provide external data and ?trigger? the smart contracts. effect smart oracles are third-party ?data feeds?. they supply this information secure and trusted manner. smart oracles can fact software oracles, hardware oracles, consensus oracles and inbound and outbound oracles. these are third party services, extra care (and techniques) are needed for these trusted. providing enterprise companies with trusted and secure information (when they use smart contracts systems they build blockchain) crucial users the system. mistakes can have serious consequences. smart contracts execute autonomously and there so-called rollback blockchain (due its core immutability characteristic). summary, smart oracles can seen the ?interface? between real word data and smart contracts. the overall blockchain information technology (??it??) stack depicted figure figure blockchain stack important functions blockchain for business are depicted below figure-. figure functions blockchain for business the key distinguishing features the two forms blockchain (i.e. public and private protocols) include the level trust and control each system. trust and control often vary depending the nature the blockchain architecture and the software consensus algorithms being used. often increases control can result decrease decentralized trust, and vice versa. performance throughput also becoming serious issue for blockchain deployments grow. public blockchains, like bitcoin, provide the potential for maximum participation and increased participation results more computer ?nodes? within the network. larger network nodes running blockchain consensus algorithm increases decentralised trust. however, control can become serious issue this instance, entity gains majority position over these computer resources. large blockchain networks running current generation protocols and proof-of-work consensus algorithms are very inefficient. they draw huge amount energy run the nodes and validate new transactions. the distribution transactions also very slow (especially for business-critical actions). private blockchains (such hyperledger fabric) there much more stringent control which parties (nodes) are part the specific blockchain network. throughput can increased using state-of-the-art computers, memory and solid state disks; coupled with well-designed network interfaces between the nodes. however this often results lesser decentralized trust the networks tend much smaller size than public protocols. newer and more innovative consensus algorithms are required (figure depicts the two models). figure permissionless (public) vs. permissioned (private) blockchains the decision whether business chooses public private blockchain will depend few key considerations. such careful balancing act between (i) the need maximize trust the transactions (ii) control over the system and finally (iii) overall performance throughput for example, banking where trust and security are paramount private blockchains are being designed replace existing databases and systems. this depicted the following diagram. figure example blockchain network among banks wonder the market and customers are confused about which approach back. this may (in part) explain why there are yet many in-production and at-scale blockchain deployments. while blockchain great example peer-to-peer (??pp??) implementation, not always ideal for storing large amounts data, due to: scalability: blockchains can slow; and data protection: blockchain can create some data privacy related challenges (such the-right-to-be-forgotten), particularly where the data not appropriately secured and/or not subject appropriate management access controls these are areas currently undergoing much development blockchain and where suitable solutions are expected found the coming years. despite the above, strongly believe blockchain will driving force the next generation internet and the decentralized web. can bring true transactions without middleman, with bitcoin its first proven use case. the same blockchain technology could allow companies every industry build new decentralized services more open business ecosystems. open platforms are the future the combination innovative dapp?s, running blockchain hosted serverless utility computing architecture combined with mass mobile adoption use secure e-commerce services believe will allow such ?platforms? transform many industries and business models the coming years. one only has look towards east-asia see the largest example such open, developer and third-party friendly ecosystem the incredibly successful wechat messenger application. whilst not reference model for blockchain per se, perhaps reference model for how future open ecosystems will built and operated. more importantly showcases how new business value can created when modern digital platform (like aergo) open users, developers, merchants, ?rd? parties and businesses. introduced messaging app tencent, wechat has evolved into lifestyle platform for users china. with billion monthly active users, now offers its users what facebook, whatsapp, messenger, venmo, grubhub, amazon, uber, apple pay, offer together the west. wechat has used strong user adoption emerge the one app that rules them all. the mobile-first world china, wechat has built ?mobile lifestyle? that touches various aspects users? lives, with average user opening wechat times day and spending circa minutes per day the application. initially launched pure messaging application send texts tencent (one the three chinese tech giants baidu, alibaba and tencent), has evolved from just ?app? ?platform?. wechat has benefitted from very strong network effects both direct and indirect the chinese mobile-first market. the more users they got onto the platform, the more other users wanted join order connected with their friends and families. many asian american people originally only got onto wechat they could remain connected with their relatives back china. wechat was smart open the platform third-party developers, who started offering their complementary completely new services the wechat platform. economies scope effects applied here, the more users the platform, more and more third party developers wanted offer services it, and vice versa. ech node. (). ?wechat user business ecosystem report available: https://technode.com////wechat-user-business-ecosystem-report-/ ily kuo. (). ?wechat nothing like whatsapp?and that makes even more valuable.? available: https://qz.com//wechat-is-nothing-like-whatsapp-and-that-makes-it-even-more-valuable/ with such strong network effects and little, any, need connect different applications services (i.e. low so-called ?multi-homing? environment), wechat emerged the app platform rather ecosystem that rules them all. the following list shows some the incentives wechat for its users well the brands/merchants/third-party developers that engage within its ecosystem. for users, wechat provides one integrated app that allows them to: send text/voice messages family and friends share things social media follow celebrities and brands book taxi order food delivery book doctor appointment buy movie tickets play games transfer money peers (red envelopes) pay bills utility bills, restaurant bills, etc. find geo-targeted coupons read magazine articles meet strangers around them for merchants/brands wechat provides one integrated app that allows them drive user engagement through making apis for payments, location, direct messages, voice, user ids etc. available these merchants. merchants also use wechat crm (customer relationship management) platform distribute news and offer tailor-made promotions. wechat has over million (authenticated) official accounts including celebrities, banks, media outlets, and fashion brands hospitals, drug stores, car manufacturers, internet startups, personal blogs, and more. the platform also very developer friendly. they are not forced stay within the standard look and feel wechat they can develop completely new differentiating services. the result users gets the full web-app experience, without ever leaving the wechat platform. the total annual lifestyle spending wechat was estimated billion usd during (source: tencent), mainly driven entertainment and official accounts. the wechat ecosystem can seen figure-. perhaps most importantly, wechat does not charge user sign the platform it?s completely free for users. furthermore, wechat tries ensure trust the ecosystem vetting and authenticating all merchants that offer services the platform. our understanding that, the team behind wechat, are now exploring how they could use blockchain build and add even more new secure value-adding services their platform. recent post wechat module called "moments" (or "friends' circle," chinese versions the platform), huateng (the ceo and chairman chinese internet giant tencent that behind wechat) declared?, "?the time has come for blockchain decentralize network."? the technology, said, ?threatens disrupt existing systems much like "the current tcp/ip, packet switching was able defeat the giants such at&t". very informative article this truly innovative open platform ecosystem has been written andreessen horowitz. ohu. ()?. huateng made friends and commented physicists' views blockchain.? available: http://www.sohu.com/a/_ onnie chan. (). ?when one app rules them all: the case wechat and mobile china?. available: https://az.com////wechat-china-mobile-first/ appendix-b: blockchain and utility computing the very near future, believe the focus will move away from developers having understand complex programming languages and having cater for complex architecture management and operations. this will allow them focus application innovation and value creation the front end the process; where applications touch and interact with the end-user (and billions future iot devices the coming years). this ?serverless architecture? much the complexity will abstracted simply hidden from the developer and the end-user. this concept important understand fully appreciate this paper and one the fundamental values that future aergo based system will provide. serverless architectures refer applications that significantly depend third-party services (known backend service (??baas??)) custom code that?s run called software containers (function service (??faas??)), such with amazon aws lambda. moving much behavior the front-end the process, this architecture reduces operational costs and enhances the performance for the end user. ?serverless? does not explicitly mean that application running without computer servers. means that the person who owns the system does not have purchase the servers, does not have provision them does not need any virtual machines run the back-end application code itself. typical three-tier web application (and that does not use serverless architecture) depicted the simple illustrative example below (figure figure example ?-tier? web application this architecture composed three different layers: the so-called (front-end) presentation layer, business layer and the data access layer (often called back-end). when end-user performs any action the presentation layer, calls the business layer process the action (for example validation operation). then calls the data access layer which interacts with the database. that turn gives back response the business layer which then passes back the presentation layer (that is, the actual user interface). this cycle typical many first generation three-tier web-based applications. designing such systems requires developers have intricate knowledge the whole system and take care how everything interacts and works together. effect much their time devoted making the various elements work together (often resulting proprietary interface implementations). this contrasting more modern serverless architecture from amazon (aws) the architecture also has three layers: presentation, application and data layers. the biggest difference being that each layer connects with the layer above below through standardised interfaces (so called application program interfaces (??api??)). another (simpler) way therefore understand serverless architecture system where the backend business logic can run arbitrary third party vendor?s server infrastructure which developers not need worry about. does not mean that there server run your backend logic, but rather that you not need maintain it. this serverless architecture the business third party vendors such amazon, azure and google. effect gave birth cloud computing over the past ten years. serverless architectures have two variant models: baas mbaas (where stands for mobile); and faas with baas mbaas, the backend logic will run third-party service provider. application developers not need provision maintain the servers the infrastructure which runs these backend services. most cases, these backend services will run continuously once they are started. application developers will simply need pay subscription (or the future ?it token?) the hosting vendor. most cases, this subscription lasts for weeks, months can run recurring yearly basis. another important aspect baas that runs shared computer infrastructure and the same backend service will used multiple different applications (in what called multi-tenancy). the second variant, faas, even more popular these days. most the leading (current generation) technologies such aws lambda and microsoft azure functions, well google cloud functions, fall into this category. with faas platforms, application developers can implement their own backend logic and run them within the serverless framework. the running this functionality within server will handled the serverless ?framework?. all the scalability, reliability, and security aspects will taken over this framework. different vendors provide different options implement these functions with popular programming languages like java and c#. for developer business running application, possible use the services third-party provider (such amazon api gateway and aws lambda). this allows developers build serverless production application which secure, scalable and highly available, without worrying about the complexities key functions such authentication, searching, updating and navigation the underlying database layer. there are few differences between faas when compared baas: costs relate only the amount resources actually being used (for example per minute level charging); serverless computing and applications. available: https://aws.amazon.com/serverless/?nc=h_ls faas ideal for use cases with highly fluctuating traffic; and faas functions will run for short period time (typically few mins only) simple way understand when developer will use faas over baas when the developer needs ultimate granular control how the application works, performs and scales. these innovative applications will connect and interact with other similar applications whilst the same time being smaller, more compact and more mobile. this the essence so-called ?micro-services? model. these techniques are being used today very advanced developers serving leading digital businesses (for example and mobile e-commerce and mass consumer applications such social media, gaming and communications). over the coming years these techniques will become common place; with all kinds developers and firms and not the preserve simply the most advanced companies like facebook, amazon, google, apple and alibaba. serverless architectures will simplify the maintenance future backend systems while giving cost and performance benefits for handling different types decentralized micro-services based dapps. short, developers don?t see themselves ?plumbers it? any more; they want focus creative value-adding applications. however, whilst there are many benefits, some aspects need carefully considered when dealing with these form serverless architectures; such as: vendor lock-in could cause problems (for example frequent mandatory api changes, pricing structure and other future technology changes); speed issues across the network could occur and challenge the ability meet enterprise service level agreements (??slas??) for many concurrent users; since server instances will come and go, maintaining the state application really challenging with these types frameworks; they are not suitable for running long-running business processes since these function services will terminated after fixed time; there are other very important limitations, such the maximum possible transactions-per-second (??tps??) which can processed; often limited the protocol used and the speed interconnected services within the network; for example memory access speed, network speed, stability and network response time (latency); end-to-end testing integration testing not easy these dynamic functions spin-up and come and and when needed; and lack suitable monitoring and debugging capabilities into the production system and their behavior for the developer fully confident about their performance. despite these current limitations, believe that the near future, microservices based dapps running aergo based blockchain (in serverless infrastructure deployment model) will become one the dominant deployment model for many new services the emerging distributed utility computing world. summary, believe that the benefits serverless architectures will extremely important for the evolution blockchain over the coming years. they provide the ability to: use multiple business application service functions reduce development costs; reduce operational costs developers not have consider infrastructure and maintenance costs; scale resources quickly (as and when needed), plus provides horizontal scaling the application completely elastic and automatic manner; manage and operate resources much more easily, all physical involvement managed third party providers there need dedicate resources and time these tasks; and provide built-in availability and fault tolerance serverless dapp applications. the transition new serverless applications has already started (see figure- that follows). figure transition from web web whilst the adoption serverless dapps still very much work-in-progress, early indications are that they will become major force how businesses deliver new services via secure and distributed cloud-based services. some current mission-critical and scale applications for businesses may not immediate targets for this approach today (as some security capabilities and ecosystem tools still need mature). however, the many potential use cases for serverless computing suggest that atteo gianpietro zago. ().? why the web matters and you should know about it.? available: https://medium.com/@matteozago/why-the-web---matters-and-you-should-know-about-it-adc increasingly probable that will become ?all in? decision for future firms. fact will similar many ways the way that cloud computing has already been adopted diverse range industries. this architectural methodology matures, believe will increasingly taken for many thousands new business projects almost every sector industry that deal with digital asset and secure data exchange. for example, everest group has predicted that blockchain will achieve accelerated adoptions within the next few years the banking industry (see figure-). figure ?adoption blockchain banking (everest group) today, many dapps are being built various firms that use specific (perhaps immature) vertical blockchain solution implementations. there little standardization; potentially leading future fragmentation. this will lead undesired cost, complexity and risk for companies seeking leverage blockchain across many different business and product lines. verest group. (). ?defining blockchain?. available: https://www.everestgrp.com/--blockchain-technology-bfsi-benefits-market-insights-.html/ the level fragmentation and complexity today can seen the following diagram. figure ?complex landscape blockchain solutions (today) businesses will challenged they will find very difficult support multiple blockchain solutions (as described the section: obstacles blockchain adoption, starting page-). atteo gianpietro zago. ()?. why the net giants are worried about the web ?available: https://medium.com/@matteozago/why-the-net-giants-are-worried-about-the-web---bdda appendix-c: private public enterprise blockchain public and private blockchain protocols have many similarities: both are decentralized peer-to-peer networks, where each participant maintains replica shared append-only ledger digitally signed transactions both cases, blockchain protocols provide data integrity and immutability (i.e. the data contained blockchain (and specifically its recorded state) cannot modified after created even when some participants are faulty malicious network) both maintain the replicas sync through protocol referred consensus both provide certain guarantees the immutability the ledger, even when some participants are faulty malicious (i.e. they work trustless network environment) public blockchain conceptual level, the primary distinctions between public and private blockchain relate who allowed participate the network, execute the ?consensus rotocol and maintain the shared ledger. public blockchain network completely open and anyone can join and participate the network. the network typically has incentivizing mechanism encourage more participants join the network. bitcoin one the largest public blockchain networks production today. one the drawbacks existing public blockchains the substantial amount computational power that necessary maintain distributed ledger large scale. more specifically, achieve consensus, each node network must solve complex, resource-intensive cryptographic problem (called proof-of-work (??pow??)) ensure all nodes are synchronised and trust maintained. this process complex, slow and consumes vast amounts energy (electricity). another disadvantage for particular users the openness many existing public blockchains, which provide little privacy for transactions (subject pseudonymity). they also only support weak notion overall system level control they are open anyone participate the network. these are important considerations for future enterprise use blockchain. however, despite the above, public blockchain, one person, group organisation controls the information which the blockchain; the series rules that underpin the protocol itself. member can unilaterally change the protocols the blockchain and the information contained within it. users should able fully trust the public blockchain and therefore put their complete trust third party that uses the same blockchain. short, public blockchains can provide maximum trust but are slow and expensive run. they can also extremely difficult upgrade, because they require consensus amongst large group participants, many whom may have different (and even competing) interests. further, their trusted status may undermined various factors, such malicious activity (such so-called ?front-running? miners); concerted behavior (e.g. when mining power concentrated small number participants); even legal complexities that arise from having transactions recorded and validated numerous jurisdictions all once. private blockchain private blockchain network requires invitation and must validated either the network starter set rules put place the network starter. businesses that set private blockchain, will generally set ?permissioned network. this places restrictions who allowed participate the network, and what transactions. participants need obtain invitation ?permission join. the access control mechanism can vary: for example, existing participants could decide future entrants, regulatory authority could issue licenses for participation consortium could make the decisions instead. once entity has joined the network, will play role maintaining the blockchain decentralized manner. private blockchains can (with careful system level design) permit greater scalability terms transactional throughput. short, private blockchains provide improved privacy, maximum throughput and are potentially cheaper run, however they lack the level trust and network effects that are gained from the more widely deployed public blockchains. lot businesses are experimenting with building their own private blockchains. number these initiatives (and associated consortia) are facing difficulties get these private blockchains into real life production systems. some the reasons for this are perhaps: building proprietary private blockchain systems requires specialist it, cloud and developer skills and know-how that only very few firms possess building these using open source model with the intention using, enhancing and maintaining these longer term extremely challenging (and software development and maintenance not typically core-capability for these businesses) the two above factors can significantly increase the long term costs such systems therefore, for companies looking integrate blockchain technology into their business processes, very careful consideration needs placed the (i) trust plus interoperability (public) need versus (ii) performance plus privacy (private) requirement. this fundamental paradox when dealing with combined public and private blockchains. most enterprise poc efforts were apparently implemented private blockchain networks. appears that only third these were actually deployed public networks (see figure- below for similar comparison the banking sector). figure ?type blockchain that were used bank driven poc due stringent security and compliance requirements, large companies have traditionally implemented their systems private computer architectures (such private internal clouds). for the same reasons, many these firms are experimenting with private blockchains, and choosing not use any form public protocol. number industry consortia (such and hyperledger) may limiting their potential long-term value and usefulness perhaps only considering one type blockchain architecture. fact, much the innovation blockchain actually happening the public protocol space. this evidenced the sheer level new ideas, projects and services that have been fueled the many large scale (primarily crypto-currency driven) blockchain projects. the majority these projects focus direct dapp development but this also drives certain innovations the underlying (primarily public) blockchains that run them. believe that truly transformative business benefits can achieved hybrid approach blockchain used. this approach would help maximize the benefits (and reduce the drawbacks) combined public and private blockchain architecture. see the benefit having business architecture that uses public blockchain provide enterprise integrity, immutability and trustless network environment, for data and value (asset) transactions coupled with private blockchain that helps enable regulatory compliant record-keeping, privacy and that configured and optimized for the required enterprise level performance. similar form hybrid approach already use today with cloud computing. enterprise firms combine private cloud (highly information-sensitive focused) data centres, with lower cost secure public clouds (for auto-scaling and performance throughput business applications). ivedita bhattacharjee. ().? blockchain becoming more than buzzword, and now there?s tangible proof?. available: https://www.techinasia.com/bankers-like-blockchain appendix-d: aergo team and advisory panel aergo represents complex and comprehensive project that being undertaken. its development and successful deployment will demand combination array disciplines namely, blockchain technology, cloud computing and open source know-how. aergo has assembled truly complementary team with stellar experience and proven expertise these areas. aergo board committee heads technology team business team aergo advisors appendix-e: glossary terms branching?: the duplication object under revision control (such source code file directory tree) that modifications can happen parallel along both branches. concurrency control?: database management systems concept that used address conflicts with the simultaneous accessing altering data that can occur with multi-user system. content delivery network?: geographically distributed network proxy servers and their data centres. the goal distribute service spatially relative end-users provide high availability and high performance decentralised application (dapp)?: dapp has its backend software code running decentralized peer-to-peer network. contrast this with typical app where the backend code running centralized servers. denial-of-service attack?: cyber-attack which the perpetrator seeks make machine network resource unavailable its intended users temporarily indefinitely disrupting services host connected the internet. hard-fork?: radical change the protocol that makes previously invalid blocks/transactions valid (or vice-versa). jit compilation?: way executing computer code that involves compilation during execution program run time rather than prior execution. llvm:? compiler infrastructure project that collection modular and reusable compiler and toolchain technologies used develop compiler front ends and back ends. merging?: combining the various versions and/or changes file folder. microservices?: software development technique?a variant the service-oriented architecture (soa) architectural style that structures application collection loosely coupled services. orchestration?: the effect automation systems deploying elements control theory. parallelism?: type computation which many calculations the execution processes are carried out concurrently. private chain:? blockchain network with limited openness and decentralization compared with public chain, where authorization under specific rules required for new node join the network. proof stake?: concept that states that person can mine validate block transactions according how many coins she holds. proof work?: economic measure deter denial service attacks and other service abuses such spam network requiring some work from the service requester, usually meaning processing time computer. public chain?: blockchain network fully open and decentralized, where any participants can join the network they follow the protocol the public chain. serialisation?: the process translating data structures object state into format that can stored (for example, file memory buffer) transmitted (for example, across network connection link) and reconstructed later (possibly different computer environment) serverless computing?: cloud-computing execution model which the cloud provider dynamically manages the allocation machine resources. smart contract?: computer protocol intended digitally facilitate, verify, enforce the negotiation performance contract. smart oracles?: external agents programs that find and verify real-world occurrences and submit this information blockchain used the smart contracts themselves. they provide external data and ?trigger? the smart contracts. effect smart oracles are third-party ?data feeds?. they supply this information secure and trusted manner. software repository: storage location from which software packages may retrieved and installed computer.