adzbuzz adzcoin whitepaper adzbuzz ltd. july abstract adzbuzz content discovery platform that rewards its users and web publishers cryptocurrency called adzcoin, which digital money similar bitcoin. the project aims solve numerous problems for various groups people, such as: web publishers lost revenue from blocking software advertisers increased advertising cost because loss trust from customers regular internet users lower user experience because aggressive advertising people raising funds solely focusing out pocket donations integrating reward scheme into centralized content discovery platform using decentralized cryptocurrency, are able tackle all issues for all groups mentioned above. more info about the problems are solving the adzbuzz adzcoin project aims solve multiple problems for various groups people. order better understand the scope the project will first all list all these problems. problems for web publishers the blocking issue for publishers real, and according study conducted pagefair, the total revenue that publishers have lost because amounted billion dollars. this mainly because blocking has gone mainstream and the amount users grew over just year. source: https://pagefair.com/blog//ad-blocking-report/ probably the worst all the fact that there viable alternative for the ad-supported web available the moment. the only solutions presented the moment revolve around ?annoying? visitors who have blocker installed. there are main strategies that are currently being tested web publishers: anti-adblock scripts there are numerous scripts available that offer solution block ad-blockers. however this cat and mouse game which can?t won any provider these scripts. soon script detected the community blacklists the provider, who return creates new script let ads pass through. this clearly isn?t permanent solution and destroys publishers brand completely. top that there are already multiple solutions eliminate the anti-adblock scripts. blocking adblock users some sites have been testing option block visitors who have blocker installed. this simply means that visitors with blocker installed aren?t able access the site and are asked turn off before continuing before using certain features the site. study conducted forbes has shown that only about visitors with blocker effectively turned off when they were presented with this order continue the site. source: http://www.forbes.com/sites/lewisdvorkin////inside-forbesfromoriginal-sin-to-ad-blockers-and-what-the-future-holds/ now any other situation would completely absurd assume that losing over half your audience anywhere near good result. this just shows how big the problem has become for publishers and why solution urgently needed. make content paid the final solution the blocking issue currently presented make premium content paid and make money this way. this doesn?t require advertising revenue stream the paywalls are the main source income for the publishers. this probably the best solution far, but the problem here that people are used getting the online content for free that not easy sale, especially for sites other than the big newspaper companies with huge amount daily readers. here?s overview survey conducted find out how adblock users respond when denied access site: it?s clear that the current ?solutions? aren?t nearly solving the problem. adzbuzz will offer the first all-in-one solution for everybody involved. problems for advertisers the people that pay the web publishers create high quality content are companies promoting their products. the problems for the web publishers increase, the problems for these advertisers. below overview. banner blindness through the years, the click through rates banners and other types advertisements that are mingled with content have been going down significantly. fact, the average click through rate banner ads only (source: display benchmark tool). adzbuzz highly believe content marketing. adzbuzz content discovery platform that allows users curate content from just about any site the world, will encourage companies and set our server such way that they will able create different types ads, even superior the native advertising ads that partially solve the problems for advertisers. fewer high quality advertising opportunities since there are almost million internet users that use blocking software the moment, the scarcity high quality spots increases. centralized platform that offers high quality content related advertising, much easier convince users turn off their blocker. especially since the amount views plays role the value adzcoin, the cryptocurrency the adzbuzz users are rewarded with. therefore adzbuzz has created reward scheme for people that turn off their blocker and login the site once day. lower return investment because the increasing scarcity high quality space combination with increasing ad-block usage and banner blindness, the return investment advertisers getting lower and lower. that?s why new system needs created that helps advertisers retain the value their investment. with this type system the pressure attract website visitor?s attention lowers and advertisers can use less aggressive type advertising. create system like this give advertisers the chance deposit adzcoins into their adzbuzz wallet and give them credits return. instead accepting the adzcoins form payment (similar any other network), the coins remain owned the advertisers and can withdrawn from the wallet any time. this essentially makes adzcoin (apart from being cryptocurrency that can used accept payments) asset that represents part the space the adzbuzz network. loss trust with customers all the issues for advertisers not only have financial impact but also longterm effect. aggressive and attention grabbing advertisements rarely have positive effect company?s reputation. according the adblocking report conducted pagefair, all block users associates online ads with malware and viruses. (source: https://pagefair.com/downloads///pagefair--adblock-report.pdf it?s difficult measure the damage that aggressive advertising campaigns are doing the company?s reputation. believe however that something needs done restore the trust between advertisers and the people they attempt reach. the old system broken and needs replaced superior one. adzbuzz will not only centralize advertising and reward people for engaging with content and ads through the daily login bonus, but also improve the quality ads without having resort privacy-invading tactics. problems for website visitors advertising companies are doing whatever they can grab user?s attention. this has resulted serious decrease user-friendliness many sites. the proof that there serious problem simply the fact that block usage growing fast. more aggressive advertising the pagefair report makes the conclusion that it?s not advertising general but certain aspects how digital advertising delivered that annoys website visitors. especially the advertisements that interrupt the visitor grab their attention cause people install blocking software. and there are also the issues with privacy invasion caused tracking software deliver more targeted ads. these type ads not only lose their efficiency but also cause the loss trust the companies that pay for the them, the opposite what advertisers pay for the first place. adzbuzz aim deliver ads that are extension the content that being shared the platform. therefore it?s not needed ever track users because all the content listed categories already. the simplest form targeting category and language, and advertisers will able choose the category and language display their ads in. this makes unnecessary gain data that invades the privacy the users. lower user experience just about all block software users indicate that they dislike video audio ads that auto-play. while this obvious observation terms lowering the user experience, more interesting one that block users that were surveyed pagefair indicated that there are some sort ads that they deem acceptable. adzbuzz believe that can increase the user experience removing tracking software that follow users all around the internet, and creating format that actually increases the user experience. this could sequence that users appreciate: person visits adzbuzz clicks the category ?health? this page banner displayed redirecting quality article explaining the working and benefits health-related product content marketing growing rapidly and marketers are increasing investment (source: curata). believe that this fact along with centralizing advertising the key restore trust between advertisers and website visitors. problems with crowdfunding ever since kickstarter launched platform that made possible for individuals and startups raise funds for creative projects, crowdfunding has been growing year after year. because the online world connected, it?s relatively easy set crowdfunding campaign and raise funds from number people. adzbuzz has created system that provides superior model for certain groups people raise funds. requires large number donations the first problem the fact that raising funds requires lot eyeballs generate decent amount money. crowdfunding not only raising funds from the crowd, it?s also crowded. other words, the level competition has grown much over the years that it?s not easy start successful crowdfunding campaign without serious marketing budget. the moment the success rate, after serious vetting from the kickstarter staff before even listing the projects, only (source: kickstarter stats). this means that nearly the projects doesn?t reach its funding goal. adzbuzz are using the content discovery platform along with our daily login bonus and earnings platform help raise funds for certain groups people. this means that instead keeping the login bonus, people will able instantly donate some adz every day for logging into the site and reading related news. this along with the opportunity earn more adzbuzz titan, the central earnings platform the adzbuzz project. paid fiat currency once funds are raised for instance kickstarter there?s not only hefty fee pay, but the funds are also paid fiat currencies instead cryptocurrencies. that leaves out the element value growth. you look the long-term chart the top cryptocurrencies, it?s clear that the majority them have seen exceptional growth compared the dollar value. adzcoin the perfect cryptocurrency raise funds because the way the system set up. the combination free donations (there need for fans projects donate out pocket money) with the fact that donations are paid limited cryptocurrencies makes this superior business model that will benefit certain groups people. introduction adzbuzz order create solution for the problems the various groups people mentioned, need create platform that not only centralizes advertising, but also serves the starting point millions internet users. adzbuzz content discovery platform that allows anybody curate content similar how content curated reddit.com, namely posting link into the adzbuzzer field. order encourage people start their daily journey adzbuzz reward anybody with free adzcoins just for logging into the site once day. these rewards are paid adzcoin and the profit used distribute comes from various external revenue sources that adzbuzz continuously sets up. first glance this might seem like simple reward based scheme, but the power added value and having website that becomes the starting point millions internet users every day cannot underestimated. adzbuzz unique the sense that doesn?t just aim become one the major players the social media landscape and eventually sell the company shareholders during ipo. aims become major player the social media landscape sharing its profits solve issues for just about any internet user. the adzbuzz profit share the core the adzbuzz solution for the various groups people lays the adzbuzz profit share. the idea set multiple external income streams and share profits those products and platforms with adzbuzz users and web publishers. order create fair system for everybody involved have set the profit share the following way: regular pools: publishers using the adzlink people referring publishers adzbuzz community owners members pool (active members) (earn logging adzbuzz every hours) members pool (active referring members) (each active member you refer qualifies you this pool) vips pool sponsors pool (your referrals earnings pools and qualifies you share this pool). have made sure that the publisher?s share big enough distribute good amount adzcoins them, and added some features the adzbuzz profit share that encourages others spread the word. adzbuzz income streams now that have gone over the adzbuzz profit share it?s clear that need over the income streams adzbuzz next. after all the profits need come from somewhere. first want stress the fact though that adzbuzz the central platform and has very few income streams. however the platform that will have huge user-base our aim have millions people login adzbuzz every day, and from that user-base can start populate the other platforms and grow the project and profit share exponentially. below overview all those income streams. (please note that not all features and platforms the list are functional yet the moment this whitepaper was published). income streams adzbuzz web wallet fees fee every withdrawal adzbuzz exchange fee every trade and withdrawal adzbuzz pay fee every transaction and withdrawal buy referrals option get referrals letting promote your link external income streams adzbuzz titan allowing users earn from different opportunities adzbuzz services micro-job marketplace earning every transaction adzbuzz tifostarter crowdfunding site for football fans create tifos adzbuzz savers price comparison site earning every sale adzbuzz shops platform focusing adzcoin accepting merchants adzbuzz hosting offering hosting packages website owners adzbuzz publishers platform offering acceptable ads adzbuzz publishers adzbuzz site market earning fees from people buying and selling websites adzbuzz digital market earning fees from people buying and selling scripts/themes adzbuzz freelancers connecting project creators with freelancers please note that this just temporary list that will infinitely expand. this way our profit will grow exponentially along with our user-base ensure all people that benefit from our project will receive good amount adzcoins daily basis. adzcoin introduction adzcoin decentralized cryptocurrency similar bitcoin. this means that the market will always determine its value since the coin can traded the exchanges. here overview its most important features: ticker: adz algorithm: proof work total supply: million adzcoins target block time: seconds block reward: adzcoins block reward halving: approximately every months (first after blocks) difficulty retargeting using the multipool-resistant digishield what exactly determines the value supply what ultimately determines the value adzcoin what determines the value just about any tradable asset, namely the law supply and demand. the demand increases and the supply decreases, the logical result will increase price. that?s why have decided use our own cryptocurrency because can set things such way that will facilitate the solving the problems mentioned this whitepaper. adzcoin gradual price increase factors order help solve the problems for web publishers, advertisers, regular internet users and people raising funds, would suitable that the price adzcoin gradually increases. that?s why have set our project such way that facilitates the growth the adzcoin value compared the dollar, euro any other fiat currency value. below you?ll find list several factors that will help achieve this. please note that it?s not one sole factor that will make this gradual price increase happen, but rather combination all factors combined. adzcoin limited asset with block reward halvings mentioned the adzcoin introduction, adzcoin limited asset only million coins will ever created. the moment writing there are about million adzcoins existence and new coins are created daily. after the first block halving which happens block the block reward will halve from and on. this will lower the reward for miners which should have positive effect the price. adzbuzz indirect donation feature adzbuzz has created burn address called the indirect donation address. this adzcoin address without public keys, meaning the coins this wallet address can never withdrawn. this the address are talking about: adzbuzzxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxazygi and here you can see how many adzcoins were sent there already the adzcoin block explorer: http://adzcoin.net://address/adzbuzzxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxazygi the function this address follows:: adzbuzz buys adzcoins the exchanges the coins are sent the profit share the coins are sent the indirect donation address essentially, with every daily profit share the total profit will sent the indirect donation address first. this will effectively lower the total adzcoin supply and will ensure that the price gradually rises because the deflationary nature adzcoin. adzcoin increased demand from the profit share mentioned earlier, the main purpose the adzbuzz project increase the company?s revenue can increase the amount profit can share. this will help solve the problems mentioned this whitepaper faster. therefore will continuously add more income sources and expand our existing income streams. even though several income streams will earn the company dollars, will use those dollars buy adzcoins the exchanges, effectively increasing the demand adzcoin. higher demand for adzcoin the exchanges will one factor that will help gradually increase the value adzcoin. adzcoin has intrinsic value advertisers can deposit coins into the adzbuzz wallet, publish their the adzbuzz adverts manager and get views the adzbuzz platform return. this means that every adzcoin has intrinsic value because can exchanged for impressions, something advertisers pay billions dollars for elsewhere. the intrinsic value every adzcoin, which means the dollar amount advertisers pay for the same amount space other advertising networks, can determined simple calculation. here example: this example, the advertisers will get over million impressions over the course years stores adz the adzbuzz server. for this, the rate would pay $,. other advertising networks. adzbuzz the advertisers retains his investment because can withdraw his adz from the system any time and exchange bitcoin any fiat currency. can also adjust these metrics, this case changed the timeframe from years years impressions and then the result this: the time-frame increases, does the intrinsic value every adzcoin. his because these years the advertiser will receive nearly million impressions, something would pay well over for other networks. adzcoin market makers the above factors combined should drive the value adzcoin upwards gradually. the supply will decrease, the demand will increase and adzcoins can used advertisers cut their advertising budget drastically. all these factors make adzcoin not only great coin for advertisers but also for investors. the final factor that will determine the price increase adzcoin big investors who see the potential the coin and invest make profit. because adzcoin can exchanged for impressions the adzbuzz network any time, effectively giving intrinsic value, makes the coin interesting investment. the logical result will increased demand the exchanges, which combination with decreasing supply will push the value upwards. it?s also fair assume that adzcoin can seen safe haven the crypto space because there will always constant and increasing demand. this avoids the forming bubbles that could crash the price overnight. adzbuzz solutions for web publishers now you already have clear overview how will solve the problems for web publishers and the other groups people we?ll over later on. the root the issue for web publishers, then realize that unwanted advertising between content that also tracks people with every move simply isn?t something regular website visitors want. order create sustainable solution need create something completely different. here?s the basic idea how can create sustainable alternative: create plugin which adds small non-intrusive icon websites centralize advertising content discovery platform make this plugin pay publishers the same way they get paid from regular ads use cryptocurrency that gradually rises value pay publishers let?s take closer look all the features offer adzbuzz that will help publishers solve the main problems they face. the adzlink the adzlink small and non-intrusive icon that appears the publisher?s website. here you can see example this plugin action: this little plugin which comes wordpress plugin simple code redirects the adzbuzz main platform people can join the adzbuzz community the site they are on. this effectively helps the website owner grow their community adzbuzz and helps them get more adzbuzz referrals which increases their daily revenue. adzbuzz the other hand benefits from the adzlink icon increase brand awareness (the icon visible and scrolls along all pages the site) and grow the adzbuzz user-base. the adzlink wordpress plugin can downloaded from the adzbuzz publisher page. here the publishers can also get the code order add the adzlink the position that they want their site. the adzlink profit share the adzlink tracks the amount visitors and interactions receives and uses several metrics determine the earnings web publishers. works essentially very similar how regular ads determine the earnings publishers, except that the tracking has reference advertisements. the only tracking that happens when people click the link adzbuzz the popup that appears when clicking the adzlink icon, because that?s the adzbuzz referral link the publisher. explained earlier, publishers get the total profit made the adzbuzz project, distributed based amount impressions and interactions with the adzlink, every day. all profit sent adzcoin but shown dollars the publisher?s dashboard the adzbuzz earnings wallet seen here: because the payments are made adzcoin, the dollar value the publisher?s dashboard will fluctuate according the current adz/usd exchange rate, making likely for the value grow gradually (according the factors mentioned earlier). this means that were publishers earn pennies dollars from regular ads, they will earn multitude that amount they hold adzcoin and sell them for dollars later on. adzbuzzer adzbuzz content discovery platform, it?s place where people can find interesting articles based their interests. order post articles adzbuzz, publishers can use the adzbuzzer, which will post their articles the particular category the adzbuzzer timeline: the adzbuzzer works very much the social share feature other platforms such facebook, twitter linkedin and allows publishers regular adzbuzz users share content the adzbuzzer tab the adzbuzz homepage. here you can see how that works: the adzbuzzer also comes with actual share button which can installed any external website and which has the exact same function the adzbuzzer present the main platform. the adzbuzzer comes the form wordpress plugin and website owners can put the social share button any post page using shortcode. the adzbuzzer wordpress plugin can downloaded from the adzbuzz publisher page. adzbuzz communities this feature has the potential help web publishers out lot terms growing their audience. mentioned earlier, their visitors can instantly join their adzbuzz community through the adzlink sign-up. but adzbuzz communities also give adzlink-powered websites the chance grow their audience from within the adzbuz platform itself. since adzbuzz still beta the moment writing this white paper, still welcome feedback this feature the adzbuzz platform help improve the benefits for website owners and regular adzbuzz members alike. here outline the functions and how people can benefit from adzbuzz communities: website owners need install the adzlink activate the community feature for their site. adzbuzz members can either request create community, depending whether not the site already has the adzlink installed they will own the community. they requested the community they will able follow the progress the ?requested communities? page seen below: case the website owner decides add the adzlink their site, there will option instantly create claim the community the requested communities page the adzlinked sites page. community owners (who can?t the publisher himself) will able earn daily rewards for managing the community. have created algorithm that examines the activity and spam and this will the factor how the community owners earn from the daily profit share. for website owners this also important because the same algorithm will partially determine the earnings they get from the adzlink. website owners can either assign remove the community owner. somebody isn?t doing anything for the community the site owner can replace ownership. the site owner installs the adzlink can also assign community owner himself. new content posted the site owner will automatically appear the site?s community through the adzlink plugin script. adzbuzz communities have really great potential create lot value for website owners. there are numerous benefits: they don?t have put much effort have community managed for them. they can grow their audience autopilot. they will increase their earnings further their audience grows. they can get feedback their content from their loyal audience. it?s win-win for site owners and their visitors because both will get daily rewards from the adzbuzz profit share. believe the communities will become major factor the growth strategy adzbuzz (more about that later) and will focus heavily perfecting this system. adznouncer briefly explained the adznouncer feature, which integrated script the adzlink wordpress plugin that automatically publishes new posts the publisher their communities. the website doesn?t use wordpress and therefore can?t install the wordpress plugin but instead must use the code for putting the adzlink their site, adznouncing can also done the adzbuzz publishers page. adznouncing new existing content the site?s adzbuzz community can done either the website owner the community owner. the role adzcoin for web publishers the main problem for web publishers loss revenue from the same amount space, this due the increased usage blocking software. this combined with decreasing value space caused banner blindness drastically lowered the income website owners and businesses making living selling their inventory. because the factors mentioned explaining the gradual rise adzcoin dollar value, publishers can recoup lot this loss simply holding their adzcoins for certain period time. better yet, publishers can store the adzcoins the earned from the adzlink the adzbuzz wallet and get free advertising space adzbuzz and related sites promote their newly published content. this means that they essentially earn free impressions, which they can cash out for fiat currencies any time. are positive that smart publishers will make full use the benefits offered them order grow their audience and revenue the same time. this makes adzcoin much better solution for the adzbuzz project than getting paid dollars any other fiat currency. adzbuzz solutions for advertisers advertisers are seeing the quality their advertising down and even experience loss trust from customers. that?s why adzbuzz have developed system that will not only ensure advertisers can promote their products services for free, but also ensure they see higher engagement rate than any other type advertising out there. the solution present offering the same quality advertising without the need tracking people, and offering this space for free putting this space the adzcoin blockchain. the adzbuzz wallet how put all the space adzbuzz and its partner sites the blockchain? here?s overview how that works: advertisers can deposit adzcoins the adzbuzz wallet and advertisments the adzbuzz adverts manager. the system calculates how many adzcoins every advertisers has his wallet and the amount impressions adzbuzz serving every hours. the system automatically distributes the impressions evenly based the amount adzcoins the advertiser has his wallet. with this system can ensure that every adzcoin has intrinsic value for advertisers long their coins are stored the wallet. and more importantly, can ensure that advertisers can advertise for free because they always have access the coins they deposited. this not only makes the space free for advertisers because they can withdraw the same amount coins any time, also gives them the opportunity earn while they are advertising. let?s check out simple example which explains how this would work: part advertising for free: advertiser buys adzcoins. million adzcoins are stored the adzbuzz server which effectively gives the advertiser all impressions the adzbuzz network. adzbuzz serves million impressions per day. advertiser receives impressions per day. you can see, depositing adzcoins the server the advertiser will receive about impressions every day, something that would cost him about per day cost per impressions $., which low estimate. the difference adzbuzz that the advertiser retains his initial investment, meaning can withdraw and sell his adzcoins from the adzbuzz server any time. part withdrawing the price rise make money while advertising adzcoin rises value every month. let?s assume the amount adzcoins the adzbuzz server remains the same. order earn his initial deposit and retain the same amount impressions daily, the advertiser needs withdraw his coins and sell them the exchanges. you can see this scenario the advertiser would not only get many impressions forever from his initial investment, and earn that amount every month withdrawing the coins that gained value. his initial investment for instance $,, could withdraw per month and still remain the same dollar value the adzcoins has his adzbuzz wallet. another option would simple retain the adzcoins his adzbuzz wallet and grow the amount impressions receives daily basis. adzbuzz solutions for regular website visitors the main problem for regular website visitors the intrusive and privacyinvading advertising that publishers (have to) put their website earn living. this results the usage blocking software, something the publishers actively fight the moment resulting pay-walls straight out bans from certain websites you use blocking software. adzbuzz has created system that benefits regular website visitors and helps publishers the same time. high quality content discovery platform adzbuzz content discovery network where anybody can find the latest content any category, along with discussing this content with peers. this has proven successful model for site like reddit.com. the main difference that visiting site that curates all content, the visitors are actively helping the web publishers solve their problem well. our first goal create platform that visited millions people every single day all publishers that curate their content can easily grow their audience, and the website visitors don?t have worry about being tracked being sold third-party advertisers. mentioned earlier will also focus adzbuzz communities everybody can easily join his favorite community and instantly find all the latest content their favorite sites. daily rewards for adzbuzz users order increase the retention rate new members, give login bonus people who are active the adzbuzz every hours. the requirement receive this bonus fairly simple: login adzbuzz once day you are still logged the day after, perform action such visiting another page scrolling down one the timelines the daily login bonus can either withdrawn after days donated club cause (more about this later on) the earnings withdraw page. the total profit share divided amongst people logging daily. people with active referrals and pool based the amount active referrals members have. dfy advertising order give everybody the opportunity earn daily rewards from storing adzcoins the server have created unique opportunity called the ?done for you advertising? option. here?s how that works: you deposit adzcoins into the adzbuzz server post advertisements for you the adzbuzz network your advertisements receive impressions and clicks revenue generated from the promoted offers get divided amongst people who active the dfy advertising option people who post advertisements adzbuzz order make money. post advertisements offers and make sales, make money too. this option meant for people who don?t know how find and test high converting offers but still want make daily profits from their adzcoins. this not only very interesting option for the average adzbuzz user who can also deposit his daily earnings into the dfy server, it?s also amazing feature get more adzcoins stored the server which means fewer people will sell their coins. this increases scarcity which will gradually push the price adzcoin upwards (amongst all other factors explained earlier). activating the dfy option can done when depositing adzcoins into the adzbuzz web wallet: this can done the dashboard the adzbuzz web wallet page and transfer coins your wallet. all that needs done mark the box called ?enabled dfy? and adzbuzz users receive daily share the profits from our advertisements explained above. the role adzcoin for regular website visitors adzcoin has dual function for regular website visitors. first all will allow them have better user-experience because all the content they love consume centralized. secondly also gives them option discover the power cryptocurrencies and earn some coins themselves. that sense firmly believe that the adzbuzz system combination with adzcoin could the bridge between the cryptocurrency crowd and the mainstream. the ultimate goal make adzcoin the universal online currency accepted merchants worldwide. when this happens, the benefit will that because the daily login bonus, all adzbuzz users will get direct discount all products adzcoin accepting merchants. adzbuzz solutions for people raising funds crowdfunding great way raise funds fast, without too much hassle. there need sell something organize events raise funds, you can simply ask for donations from the people. the problem obviously that you need find lot people willing donate money order reach your goals. that?s why for instance kickstarter, one the major crowdfunding websites, only the projects that are launched there (after serious vetting from the kickstart staff) reach their funding target. adzbuzz have created the perfect system help certain groups people raise funds easily and fun way. will show you based the first platform are creating help you understand the complete system. tifostarter overview the first platform that will use the adzbuzz system raise funds tifostarter, crowdfunding site where people can earn money for their favorite football team order create tifos. tifo display fans before during games, here you can see example: you can see thousands banners and/or cards are needed order create this amazing display. this costs lot money, funds that the fans most the time raise themselves selling merchandise simply asking for donations from other fans. order help out the billion football fans worldwide create more tifos during games, have created platform that will allow football fans raise funds for free. the system works follows: sign adzbuzz tifostarter and pick your favorite team. login adzbuzz tifostarter once day read the latest football news, which added the site through the adzbuzzer (as seen before). automatically donate your daily login bonus your team?s balance. earn more adzbuzz titan from free earning opportunities donate even more your team. you can see, the system adzbuzz replicated into niche specific platform, niche where people can really use some extra cash. the content discovery angle also perfect for this niche because football news some the most read news online. this system will not only ensure that millions people join adzbuzz tifostarter, but also that millions people will get know the adzbuzz main platform, all our partner sites and equally important, get know and use our decentralized cryptocurrency adzcoin. the benefits this setup immense: it?s free get started there added value with the content discovery platform donations are sent adzcoin, deflationary currency adzbuzz can attract millions users its platform easily the cross-promotion all our platforms serious benefit for the adzbuzz project, it?s fair conclude that this mutually beneficial angle. adzbuzz crowdfunding expansion now that you have clear view how the system for crowdfunding works, it?s clear that this concept can replicated easily. lot people can benefit from this type setup. here are some examples: other sports there are numerous sports teams other sports who raise funds for various things. whether it?s fan gear, event just funding regular fan activities, all sports teams can benefit raising funds adzbuzz. the same time the fans can stay date about the team?s latest news. charities people who are already raising funds are registered charities. will only make sense they invite their audience adzbuzz order stay date about the latest news about their cause while the same time raising more funds. schools schools often have fundraisers sponsor events travels, this also target audience that can benefit from our system. students and parents can also stay date about anything school related the adzbuzz discovery platform. businesses kickstarter has been the starting point for tons new businesses with creative ideas. extra fundraiser they could post updates about their project and make some extra money the same time. think it?s pretty clear that after successful launch adzbuzz tifostarter there nothing the way replicate this system for all other niches that require funding and want help people stay date with the latest news. the same time this will give the adzbuzz huge boost because have extra angle promote our project. adzbuzz/adzcoin timeline below you can find the timeline the project from the start our projected releases the future: november adzcoin decentralized cryptocurrency january adzbuzz content discovery platform january adzbuzz lounge facebook type timeline january adzbuzz social timeline see what content your friends shared february adzbuzz web wallet securely store your coins adzbuzz march adzbuzz pay (alpha) payment gateway similar coinpayments.net may adzbuzz communities help publishers grow their audience july referral system get paid more refer others adzbuzz august adzbuzz forum discussion forum connected adzbuzz october team expansion employing people full-time november adzbuzzer social share feature just facebook, twitter etc. december adzbuzz savers (alpha) price comparison site january adzlink small icon that pays publishers just regular ads february adznouncer post your new content adzbuzz easily march adzbuzz makeover complete redesign and restructure the adzbuzz platform april adzbuzz ads advertise for free using adzcoin wallet april adzbuzz publishers native network integrated into adzbuzz may adzbuzz profit share get paid daily login adzbuzz may adzbuzz indirect donations burn address decreasing the adzcoin supply june adzbuzz dfy ads let advertise and earn daily adz june adzbuzz hosting web hosting that supports the adzbuzz project july referral contest earn vip spots referring members that buy adz july adzbuzz exchange buy adz adzbuzz steps automatically (sell walls coming well) july adzbuzz services fiverr-like services marketplace august adzbuzz titan earn from more than opportunities every day adzcoin august adzbuzz tifostarter raise funds for your favorite football team august adzbuzz members aim get more than active and logging daily september adzbuzz shop market etsy-like site focusing adzcoin accepting merchants october adzbuzz savers (beta) launch price comparison site the public november adzbuzz pay (beta) launch in-house adzcoin payment processor public november rebuilt adzbuzz codebase improve the code adzbuzz focusing scalability with laravel php december automated adz discounts connected adz wallet adzbuzz pay get discounts january million+ adzbuzz members aim get more than active and logging daily focus attracting more merchants adzbuzz savers increase amount merchants accepting adzcoin using adzbuzz pay expand adzbuzz team employees launch various other platforms increase the adzcoin daily profit share unlimited exponential growth the moment publishing this white paper are the verge launching the two most anticipated platforms the adzbuzz timeline (up until this moment) namely adzbuzz titan and adzbuzz tifostarter.