aidcoin whitepaper aidcoin the erc token that aims become the preferred method donate transparently through the ethereum blockchain and access the ecosystem services provided the aidchain platform. the adoption cryptocurrencies will impact the way donate the future and aidcoin poised play leading role this new era fundraising. aidchain platform that provides ecosystem services through easy-touse interface, connecting the non-profit community while allowing full transparency and traceability donations. aidchain’s services include internal exchange convert major cryptocurrencies into aidcoin, built-in wallet store and donate easily, explorer track donations transparently, tools connect donors with all the actors involved the non-profit sector and templates smart contracts run fundraising campaigns. additionally, aidpay payment gateway/embeddable widget that allows charities registered the aidchain platform accept donations different cryptocurrencies directly their website which are then instantly converted into aidcoin. this allow charities simply manage all donations received within single wallet while providing transparency and traceability through aidcoin. the aidchain platform and aidcoin token are conceived and developed charitystars, well-established, vc-backed charity fundraising company. since its inception, charitystars’ team professionals has worked with charities including unicef, save the children and wwf. charitystars’ core competency the ability forge high-level partnerships between charities, celebrities and high-profile corporations. unlike other projects looking tokenize the non-profit sector, charitystars has developed ecosystem charities, donors, celebrity donors and gala events which will key facilitate the immediate use the token. charitystars will also the first external fundraising platform accept payments aidcoin and will utilize the token internally incentivize adoption. over bidders within the charitystars community will required purchase and keep aidcoin tokens order participate the most exclusive auctions. the ico placement and the kyc and aml process will assisted bitcoin suisse, swiss-based financial provider specialized crypto-asset who already successfully held more than icos, raising more than million. table contents abstract ................................................................................................................................. the challenge ....................................................................................................................... background ...................................................................................................................... transparency .................................................................................................................... the solution .......................................................................................................................... shared public ledger: tracking every penny ......................................................... who are ........................................................................................................................... λidcoin the aidchain platform ....................................................................................................... register and verify identity ......................................................................................... convert and donate your charity choice ................................................. track donations .............................................................................................................. use aidgift (non-fungible token erc) track precisely............................. discover and connect with the ecosystem ........................................................ easily deploy smart contracts ................................................................................ growth strategy .............................................................................................................. token sale ............................................................................................................................ token distribution......................................................................................................... use funds..................................................................................................................... aidcoin economic model ................................................................................................. product develoment roadmap..................................................................................... our story ............................................................................................................................. the core team ..................................................................................................................... francesco nazari fusetti, ceo founder ............................................................. manuela ravalli, business development manager .............................................. vittorio minacori, cto ................................................................................................. alexandra ducocq, coo and managing director ........................................ shanna zullo, business development manager.............................................. robert robinson, managing director............................................................... legal info ............................................................................................................................. general information: ................................................................................................... knowledge required: ................................................................................................... risks: ................................................................................................................................... important disclaimer: ................................................................................................... representation and warranties .............................................................................. governing law arbitration: ................................................................................... www.aidcoin.co λidcoin the non-profit sector today worth estimated trillion worldwide, yet headlines recent times have seen the sector stumble between corruption scandals, gross inefficiencies, false expenses and misuse funds such the million misappropriation cancer charities james reynolds. recent high-profile scandals include donors the helpers community inc. raising concerns regarding the misuse donations and the trump foundation admitting self-dealing. other cases, donors are mystified the lack results, like the case the red cross’ failure enable recovery haiti despite receiving million donations following the earthquake. the continuous decline trust the part potential donors justifiable: according essential research citizens have little trust charitable institutions. similarly, the uk, figures are not promising, with trust charities falling from out with those polled explaining that the primary reason for their reduction donations stemmed from the impact recent scandals charities’ reputations. naturally, the consequences donations decreasing alarming; the us, charities are not adequately funded and cannot match the distressing increase demand for their services. unsurprisingly, donor’s trust charities has been declining steadily. poll, more than third those interviewed did not trust charities and nonprofits. donors are demanding more accountability and charities, with forerunners such kiva and givedirectly, are looking how more transparent and accountable. there are several methodologies organizations use provide transparency their donors. self-reporting: websites and annual reports, agencies report their progress and where donations are flowing. many crowdfunded projects, the crowdfunding recipient also executing the project, and they report from the field. recipient reporting: recipients the aid report their own progress. this most prominent websites where organizations allow donors give specific person, cause project. third-party reporting: organizations such guidestar, charity navigator and the wise giving alliance provide oversight for charities, giving them ranking for their performance. however, the resources these reports are limited public reporting from the charities. https://www.gov.uk/government/news/public-trust-in-charities-has-fallen-reports-charity-commission https://www.philanthropy.com/article/-in--americans-lacks-faith/ www.aidcoin.co most cases, donors not have single place see how their money being used and need trust the information they are provided with. the information fragmented and often difficult compare with information from other organizations. λidcoin given recent scandals, understandable that society has grown skeptical towards the non-profit sector. however, there solution that has the potential transform the industry. blockchain-powered smart contracts and the adoption cryptocurrencies providing transparency, enabling efficiency and cutting costs. lower costs: with traditional donations, money goes through various middlemen, such government agencies and financial institutions, and fees (approximately are charged credit debit card well clearing houses. blockchain donations are executed directly, reaching the charity instantaneously and fraction the cost. efficiency: thanks the distributed ledger technology, blockchain donors can track how their cryptocurrency being used charities. record the blockchain, fact, can erased, thereby providing traceable accountability showing the exact flow any coin the ecosystem. nonprofits too can use the blockchain manage resources, reduce overheads, streamline their supply chain, and waste fewer resources. transparency: certain kpis other predetermined conditions aren’t fulfilled, smart contracts allow donors receive their donations back redirect them towards more deserving pressing causes. the red cross raised million usd build homes haiti, however only six homes were built, this would have been prime use case for the transparent technology. tax deduction: although formal guidance still isn’t available, the irs treats virtual currencies noncash assets and, therefore, eligible treated long-term capital gain property. moreover, while for traditional donations over usd, qualified appraisal required, blockchain donations are exempt they are transparently and publicly traded. order provide increased transparency and traceability donations, charities could greatly benefit from blockchain technology. although the benefits transparency and the potential cryptocurrency clear, nonprofits are poorly positioned embark new blockchain-led technology initiatives, since they are focused their core business: helping the recipients charity donations. however, when they are introduced new technology which doesn’t require them invest development, charities see the tremendous benefits provides. www.aidcoin.co the benefits applying the distributed ledger technology the non-profit sector are numerous highlighted above. donors will have more trust the sector and, consequently, will more willing donate. λidcoin stimulate transparency and traceability the non-profit sector, have devised aidcoin, erc token that aims become the preferred method donate transparently through the ethereum blockchain and access the aidchain platform. the adoption cryptocurrencies will impact the way donate the future and aidcoin poised play leading role this new era fundraising. distributed ledger technology (dlt), blockchain technology provides shared ledger which immutable and allows for full transparency. records the blockchain cannot erased, when used for cryptocurrency, blockchain technology provides traceable accountability showing the exact flow any coin the ecosystem. this tamper resistant system has clear use the non-profit area: when someone donates token, they can see exactly how was used throughout its lifecycle. the following are the types transparency that can designed for charitable organizations: tracking the actual use funds, from the time money donated until its conversion into local fiat currencies. verification the identity the recipients and reporting the blockchain their funds use. tracking administrative costs nonprofits. ensuring money earmarked for specific projects actually gets those specific projects. comparison the effectiveness euro spent one charity versus different charity. tracking the investment policies charities with the money they hold. reduction transaction costs money transfer through cryptocurrency rather than financial intermediaries. this becomes especially relevant when dealing with organization that operate developing countries, where transfer fees for remittances can high the room for improvement and the unchartered territories blockchain opportunities are vast. even those skeptical the hype and speculation behind many cryptocurrency investments, barbas and zuckerman concedes that cryptocurrencies https://www.economist.com/blogs/dailychart///remittances www.aidcoin.co can push forward the conversation about financial inclusion many promising ways. the issues plaguing charities worldwide are innumerable and cannot countered relying traditional methods. nor can afford maintain the status quo harbor doubts about the impact new technologies can actually bring. λidcoin wars, climate change, natural disasters, immigration, and the erosion the welfare state render the services provided non-profits ever more demand billions worldwide. the solution is, for once, simple and close hand the widespread adoption blockchain technology charities and donors alike, which will time re-sow the seeds trust, the benefit worthwhile charitable endeavors and the most vulnerable our society. the aidcoin project conceived and developed charitystars, well-established, vc-backed charity fundraising company. since its inception, charitystars’ team professionals has worked with charities including unicef, save the children and wwf. charitystars’ core competency the ability forge high-level partnerships between charities, celebrities and high-profile corporations. unlike other projects looking tokenize the nonprofit sector, charitystars has developed ecosystem charities, donors, celebrity donors and gala events which will key facilitate the immediate use the tokens indeed, such ecosystem already and running. charitystars, therefore, has the capabilities and resources fulfil the blockchain promise the nonprofit world. charitystars will also the first external fundraising platform accept payments aidcoin and will utilize the token internally incentivize adoption. over bidders within the charitystars community will required purchase and keep aidcoin tokens order participate the most exclusive auctions. ico supporters will able immediately use the aidcoin token charitystars participate the five hundred monthly high-profile auctions featuring celebrities, artists and luxury brands. www.aidcoin.co aidchain platform based the ethereum blockchain and powered the aidcoin tokens. the platform provides ecosystem services through easy-to-use interface, connecting the non-profit community while allowing full transparency and traceability donations. donors, charities, causes, projects and many more will benefit from the services provided the aidchain platform. λidcoin simplify the donation process and increase aidcoin adoption, aidchain will integrate several services one single platform including internal exchange convert major cryptocurrencies into aidcoin, built-in wallet store and donate easily, explorer track donations transparently and templates smart contracts run fundraising campaigns. create account the aidchain platform, charities and causes must register and get verified order receive donations. matching unique public address specific charity cause allows track the donations and check how funds are used. charities and causes once registered and verified, will able share several information with donors (for example general info, official address, donations received, use funds and updates projects) through public profile. aidchain will also provide private dashboard manage all information and actions, view donations received and transactions made chain, upload off-chain receipts, manage personal info and connect with other users. www.aidcoin.co donors can register anonymously with different levels their personal data choosing the preferred privacy settings. they can access their private dashboard manage personal data, view info related charitable donations and request receipts for tax deduction purposes. aidchain will allow donors convert major cryptocurrencies into aidcoin the current exchange rate, while the built-in wallet will allow every registered user easily manage and store aidcoin tokens without using external services. λidcoin donors will able convert major cryptocurrencies such bitcoin, ether, litecoin, dash and erc tokens into aidcoin with the aim add increasing number cryptocurrencies and also fiat currencies the future. the team also developing aidpay, payment gateway/embeddable widget that allows charities registered the aidchain platform accept donations different cryptocurrencies directly their website and mobile application which are then instantly converted into aidcoin. this allow charities simply manage all donations received within single wallet and providing transparency and traceability through aidcoin. since aidchain ensures that public address and other data (depending the jurisdiction) corresponds registered charity, the platform able provide compliant tax deductible receipt both for donations made directly through aidchain and through aidpay. the aidchain platform connects directly the ethereum blockchain track aidcoin transactions, ensuring full transparency the use the donated funds and providing relevant information such donation amount, timestamp, donor and recipient address and name (if public). the team will developing advanced tracking system called donation tracking system (dts). for example, thanks the “send and notify” option embedded the platform wallet, donors will able receive notifications for every step the donation flow. the combination aidcoin and aidchain ensures solid and simple solution the transparency problem the non-profit sector. however, traceability the entire donation flow will depend the mainstream adoption blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies. the meanwhile, aidchain will able track donations even after aidcoin converted into fiat currencies thanks the integration with the charity’s bank www.aidcoin.co apis. aidcoin will collaborate with companies such truelayer order connect the bank data, verify accounts, and access transactions real-time, providing clear picture how charities are spending the funds received aidcoin. λidcoin through the aidchain platform charities will also able manually input offchain data the ethereum blockchain. for example, charity states that the money received going used for medical supplies, said charity will prompted upload the receipts for the supplies and shipping within the timeframe stipulated, and everything will recorded on-chain. thanks the aidchain platform and aidpay, the information automatically manually recorded the blockchain will immutable, tamper-proof and publicly accessible through open explorer, increasing the level transparency and allowing public auditing besides aidchain platform users. the near future, foresee the implementation erc-based system order increase the accuracy our donation tracking system (dts). indeed, using this new ethereum token standard, which guarantee the existence non-fungible tokens (nfts) the ethereum blockchain, will introduce nft-based structure into the aidchain platform. this new structure will powered aidgift erc non-fungible token directly backed and connected aidcoin, that will provide stronger tracking tool aidchain donors and charities. timing and phases implementation will evaluated the aidchain platform evolves. pursuant psd law, european banks will required adopt publicly available apis starting from january until the end the year. the payment services directive (psd, //ec) directive, administered the european commission regulate payment services and payment service providers throughout the european union. www.aidcoin.co λidcoin www.aidcoin.co traceability and transparency are just one part the team’s vision. creating vibrant and engaged community equally important for the future success the non-profit sector. aidchain will help donors connect with all the actors involved the non-profit sector, providing them with tools facilitate new types collaborations. λidcoin donors will able search, discover and review charities, causes and projects single platform, while charities will able publish regular updates, create and send direct marketing campaigns, request feedbacks and share volunteering opportunities. smart contracts being computer protocols designed facilitate, verify, enforce the negotiation performance specific set rules are ideal facilitate charities’ fundraising. the ethereum blockchain specifically allows the registration and execution smart contracts secure and decentralized way. implementing smart contracts the non-profit sector adds layer security and effectiveness donations, allowing the transfer funds only expected recipients and specific conditions are met. aidchain will provide charities with templates smart contracts that can easily customisable with the click button depending each campaign’s requirements. for example, fundraising campaign may deemed successful only least the funds needed are raised. this condition not met, the smart contract will return the donations the donors. similarly, smart contract can keep the donation escrow account until independent validators confirm that the charity has delivered the promised project. believe that smart contracts will play central role revolutionizing the noprofit sector. donors will more incentivized donate the non-profit and fundraising organizations that are part the aidchain ecosystem, since addition public transparency they will also have the certainty that funds are used only upon fulfilment set conditions and contingencies. www.aidcoin.co unlike other projects looking tokenize the non-profit sector, charitystars has already developed ecosystem charities, donors, celebrities and events that will key increase the adoption the aidchain platform. through established relationships, charitystars will instrumental signing the first charities aidchain. λidcoin also, charitystars will the first external fundraising platform accept aidcoin. some benefits incentivize the community use aidcoin tokens are: discounted price: auctions paid aidcoin will benefit from discount the hammer final price. the platform’s average ticket this results big incentive donors use the tokens medium exchange. membership club auctions: participate these special auctions, users will need stake aidcoin their wallet. the amount tokens required will change based the auction’s nature and price. this will enable certain users bid some the most amazing once-in-a-lifetime experiences have ever hosted our platform. the adoption the platform grows and the tracking system gets further developed, aidchain will aim attracting corporate users the platform leveraging well established csr programs for which the ability provide transparency and accountability key. today, ceos have declared that csr core part their business and longer standalone program. while csr has been proven create value for both businesses and society, the amount raised companies and the destination the funds not transparent. www.aidcoin.co adopting aidchain and aidcoin, businesses will able create corporate gifts, rewards for employees, and csr campaigns which will fully trackable. through aidchain, companies will have accurate reporting the charities and causes that are closest the hearts their employees, allowing them improve their employee relations well affect outcomes the areas that their corporate social responsibility (csr) programs want impact. λidcoin the aidcoin team (through charitystars) has worked with many corporations, including hugo boss, citroen, yamaha racing, armani, iwc and peugeot, proving itself preferred destination for csr activities. for example, charitystars partnered with the largest european bank, unicredit, create private whitelabel solution for private art auction exclusive for their employees. more than artworks were successfully sold. following these initial phases, the aidchain team will target the onboarding other fundraising platforms including crowdfunding platforms, sponsorships for athletic events and community fundraising platforms. all these fundraising platforms stand benefit from integrating with the aidchain platform and using the aidcoin tokens because they can provide accountability the funds collected well utilize the marketing tools that are built into the platform. furthermore, charities the ecosystem begin prefer this way funding, fundraising platforms will compelled adopt standard. www.aidcoin.co the token generation event will create and distribute maximum million aidcoin. aid maximum supply aid λidcoin symbol type erc price eth aid ico period accepted currencies eth, btc, usd, eur, chf, gbp, dkk, sgd minimum cap eth hard cap (including pre-sale) eth www.aidcoin.co λidcoin the initial generation aidcoin programmed smart contract running ethereum and will distributed follow: tokens (,, aid) will allocated token sale contributors and will transferable the end the ico; tokens (,, aid) will allocated the team and will locked the smart contract for months; tokens (,, aid) will allocated early backers and advisors that have contributed the project’s success. tokens will transferable when ico ends, while the remaining will locked the smart contract for months; tokens (,, aid) will allocated the aidpool incentivize aidcoin and aidchain adoption, further develop the ecosystem and constitute the reserve funds used future monetary policies; tokens (,, aid) will allocated aidcoin parent company and will held provision for future expenses, partnerships, business development, marketing and strategic acquisitions. depending future developments, portion these tokens could allocated towards the reserve funds managed the aidpool. tokens will locked the smart contract for months; www.aidcoin.co tokens (,, aid) will used eventually create bounty program. unused token will reallocated the aidpool. further issue aidcoin tokens will made. λidcoin the funds received ico will allocated follow (proportion can change based business needs): product development: development the aidchain platform according product roadmap, hire new blockchain developers. business development and strategic partnerships: onboard new charities, foundations and fundraising organisations the aidchain platform; initial focus the uk, italy and market where charitystars already established. hire new division and expand effort internationally. educate charities and other actors the use the platform and ongoing support. secure partnership with other players the blockchain ecosystem increase the token usability. collaborate with companies develop corporate gifts and csr programs based aidcoin. collaborate with the existing network celebrities use aidcoin and aidchain for their fundraising campaigns. contract specialist law firms regards regulatory and licensing frameworks for the ico operations well other matters related the tax deduction compliancy donations communication and marketing: invest and marketing campaigns increase project’s awareness and token’s adoption among donors. build strong local communities and provide support charitable activities. hire new division and expand effort internationally. reserve funds: provide liquidity for future monetary policies and platform functionalities. order deliver viable business model for the long term, establish aidcoin pay-per-use rail for getting onto the aidchain platform for using services www.aidcoin.co available. according our long-term view, foresee two different economic models for aidchain which, while ensuring price fluctuations, will aim stabilising the price over the long term avoid triple digit price swings short timeframes. below describe the model ensure the aidcoin long term sustainability. based the fees expect earn from different services that will available through the aidchain platform, including: “exchange” fees: each amount sent through aidpay; λidcoin “send and notify” fees: fixed amount for notifications; “smart contract template”: total donations raised through the contract fixed fee. future cash flows, obtained through these services fees, will guarantee the selfsustainability the aidchain platform. the other economic model staking-model based the amount aidcoin which aidchain users have own for certain timespan order access specific tiers services offered the platform. tiers will differ for charities and donors and will composed different services provided through our platform. charities donors www.aidcoin.co λidcoin specifically, requiring our users own fixed amounts aidcoin, aim minimizing the action the supply curve well increasing and stabilizing the long-term value aidcoin. order ensure that charities are incentivized only change aidcoin fiat other cryptos when needed, will provide system combination systems which aim reduce the volatility aidcoin. the aidcoin value will hedged against volatility thanks our reserves system managed aidpool through specific algorithm which allows the aidpool directly operate the supply and demand curves aidcoin. for example, could offer official exchange rate whereby anyone can buy aidcoin the official rate but only registered charities can sell that rate. this might done through services built within the aidchain platform. the stabilisation algorithm, monitoring core variables directly connected the aidcoin open market price action, calculates the price difference between supply and demand and operates order counteract this dynamic. www.aidcoin.co λidcoin below provide the list the stabilisation function (algorithm) variables: buying volume get_aidcoin; buying/selling volume and price exchange; buying and selling volume charities; volatility aidcoin given timeframe; use aidcoin relation the market; adoption rate; eur/btc/usd liquidity aidcoin support price change; btc/aid price action; percentage aidcoin being staked. the project develops and more market data available, the team will better positioned evaluate and decide exactly which monetary policies apply order ensure the objectives highlighted above. www.aidcoin.co launching the token pre-sale. jan launching the token crowdsale (ico) and getting listed top exchange. delivering the first beta the aidchain platform including the built-in web wallet. λidcoin nov delivering aidpay for charities integrate the donation button into their websites. releasing the aidchain second beta with the “send notify” feature for stronger donation tracking system (dts). completing the final aidchain product with several new features such templates smart contracts template and communication tools for users. delivering aidgift erc non-fungible token increasing features available our donation tracking system. developing new set apis for additional services the aidchain platform. delivering first beta aidchain mobile app. www.aidcoin.co λidcoin charitystars founder francesco nazari fusetti serial entrepreneur who has proven his tenacity through the numerous ventures has built from the ground up. just years old, francesco launched his first venture, scuolazoo. originally blog for italian students share humorous contents, scuolazoo has grown into social network and tour operator for students italy, with followers instagram and facebook, employing people its milan headquarters. francesco’s next light-bulb moment came unexpectedly when learned that someone had decided donate for lunch with warren buffet. seeing way monetize this further for the greater good, enlisted two cofounders manuela ravalli and domenico gravagno and invested his savings fund beta project around celebrities and the charities they loved, launching the first batch auctions june the end that year, charitystars had charities board, reached total gross sales and caught the eye the press which resulted features more than articles the italian and international press. charitystars specialized auctioning unique experiences (vip backstage tickets, dinners with celebrities and top ceos, etc.) and rare collectibles (jerseys worn athletes, signed music memorabilia, luxury limited edition watches, artworks, etc). this affordable fundraising tool win-win-win for: charities, which gain with effective channel increase donations and achieve public awareness, brands and celebrities, who can improve their visibility while doing good, and bidders looking for original items and unique experiences. charitystars was holding high-exposure auctions drawing high-ticket prices, including power-lunches with the founder candy crush (sold for $,) and former italian president silvio berlusconi ($,), artwork andy warhol ($,), and barcelona soccer shirt signed lionel messi ($,). marked the introduction series innovations including website redesign, the launch prize draw technology, the ios and android app restyling, and the adaptation the company’s business model embrace private users such artists and private collectors who auction their works and memorabilia. charitystars secured $.m series round from notable investors including capital partners and renowned entrepreneur and shark tank regular, fabio cannavale. www.aidcoin.co λidcoin today, thanks the numerous varied formats offered the platform, including auctions, sweepstakes, “buy now” and gala silent auction technology, charitystars boasts over: charity partners. registered bidders. auctions date. operating growing global giving market worth the alone, the company has offices milan, london and los angeles, operating three different markets. the following are examples past auctions: www.aidcoin.co λidcoin charitystars covers its own costs collecting success fee the amount raised through the online bid, while the rest goes towards the cause. charitystars’ fee goes towards platform development, online marketing, managing payment flows, sourcing and delivery items, and event organization. the center the company’s success its ability provide its clients with global audience and multiple fundraising channels all one place. this has translated into impressive client list comprised big names such wwf (joined the platform make-a-wish and save the children (). approximately these clients have signed exclusivity agreements, essentially electing charitystars their preferred fundraising platform and setting high entry barriers for other service providers. www.aidcoin.co with many icos the market today, many them the area charity and giving, one thing clear: tokens are going integral part how give charity the future. one thing isn’t clear: who will the leader the world nonprofit charity tokens? λidcoin the main reason that aidcoin has tremendous advantage over every other coin offering this area that have established, proven team that has been this field for many years. serial entrepreneur and angel investor previously founder scuolazoo, largest italian student community with turnover and employees, completely bootstrapped management bocconi university, milan leading top-level charities and celebrities acquisition across italy, and manager with portfolio countless celebrities and high net worth individuals bachelor law cattolica university, milan full stack developer, blockchain developer ten years experience and digital industry (solidity, sql and nosql databases, php, java, c++, c#, html, css, less, sass, twig, javascript, angularjs, polymer, jquery, aws, restful web services and apis, etc) degree computer engineering from university catania www.aidcoin.co leads operations years experience charity fundraising previously the coo prizeo and west coast manager charitybuzz λidcoin studied management ucla manages charity acquisition years experience digital fundraising previously served campaign manager local competitor charitybuzz graduated from the university arts, philadelphia oversees business development years experience business development the fundraising event organization global party. prior that, served sales manager free holdings recording arts, university westminster www.aidcoin.co order fund the development the aidcoin ecosystem, erc tokens (onwards called aidcoin tokens, aidcoin) will created the ethereum blockchain and they will sold the public. aidcoin token that will allow the user access the service provided the aidchain platform. λidcoin the aidcoin token does not have the legal qualification security since does not give any rights dividends interests. the sale aidcoin tokens final and non-refundable. aidcoin tokens are not shares and not give any right participate the general meeting charitystars. aidcoin tokens cannot have performance particular value outside the aidchain platform. aidcoin tokens shall therefore not used purchased for speculative investment purposes. the purchaser aidcoin tokens aware that the federal act stock exchanges and securities trading law and the financial market infrastructure act, which ensure that investors are sold investments that include all the proper disclosures and are subject regulatory scrutiny for the investors' protection, are not applicable. anyone purchasing aidcoin tokens expressly acknowledges and represents that she/he has carefully reviewed this white paper and fully understands the risks, costs and benefits associated with the purchase aidcoin. the purchaser aidcoin tokens undertakes that she/he understands and has significant experience cryptocurrencies, blockchain systems and services, and that she/he fully understands the risks associated with the crowdsale well the mechanism related the use cryptocurrencies (incl. storage). charitystars shall not responsible for any loss aidcoin tokens situations making impossible access aidcoin tokens, which may result from any actions omissions the user any person undertaking acquire aidcoin tokens well case hacker attacks. acquiring aidcoin tokens and storing them involves various risks, particular the risk that charitystars may not able launch its operations and develop its blockchain and provide the services promised. therefore, and prior acquiring aidcoin tokens any user should carefully consider the risks, costs and benefits acquiring aidcoin tokens the context the crowdsale and, necessary, obtain any independent advice this regard. any interested person who not the position accept understand the risks associated with the activity (incl. the risks related the non-development the aidcoin platform) any other risks www.aidcoin.co indicated the terms conditions the crowdsale should not acquire aidcoin tokens. λidcoin this white paper shall not and cannot considered invitation enter into investment. does not constitute relate any way nor should considered offering securities any jurisdiction. the white paper does not include nor contain any information indication that might considered recommendation that might used base any investment decision. this document does not constitute offer invitation sell shares, securities rights belonging charitystars any related associated company. the aidcoin tokens are just utility token which can used only the aidchain platform and not intended used investment. the offering aidcoin tokens trading platform done order allow the use the aidchain platform and not for speculative purposes. the offering aidcoin tokens trading platform not changing the legal qualification the token, which remains simple means for the use the aidchain platform and not security. charitystars not considered advisor any legal, tax financial matters. any information the white paper given for general information purpose only, and charitystars does not provide any warranty the accuracy and completeness this information. given the lack crypto-token qualifications most countries, each buyer strongly advised carry out legal and tax analysis concerning the purchase and ownership aidcoin according their nationality and place residence. charitystars today not financial intermediary according swiss law and not required obtain any authorization for anti money laundering purpose. this qualification may change the case aidcoin offering services which are considered qualifying financial intermediation activity. this case, the use aidcoin services may require the positive conclusion aml/kyc identification process. acquiring aidcoin tokens shall not grant any right influence over aidcoin’s organization. aidcoin confer direct indirect right charitystars’ capital income, nor they confer any governance right within charitystars. aidcoin not proof ownership right control. does not grant the controlling individual any asset share charitystars, the charitystars network. aidcoin does not grant any right participate control over charitystars’ management decision-making set-up, over the charitystars network and governance the purchasers. www.aidcoin.co λidcoin regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated with cryptocurrencies the world. that respect, regulatory measures, investigations actions may impact charitystars’ business and even limit prevent from developing its operations the future. any person undertaking acquire aidcoin tokens must aware that the charitystars business model, the white paper terms and conditions may change need modified because new regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws any jurisdictions. such case, purchasers and anyone undertaking acquire aidcoin tokens acknowledge and understand that neither charitystars nor any its affiliates shall held liable for any direct indirect loss damage caused such changes. charitystars will its utmost launch its operations and develop the aidchain platform. anyone undertaking acquire aidcoin tokens acknowledges and understands that charitystars does not provide any guarantee that will manage achieve it. concluding the commercial operation, these tokens will issued technical process referred «blockchain». this open source protocol over which the company has rights liability terms its development and operation. the token distribution mechanism will controlled smart contract; this involves computer program that can executed the ethereum network blockchain network that compatible with smart contract programming language. they acknowledge and understand, therefore, that charitystars (incl. its bodies and employees) assumes liability responsibility for any loss damage that would result from relate the incapacity use aidcoin tokens, except case intentional misconduct gross negligence. aidcoin based the ethereum protocol. therefore, any malfunction, unplanned function unexpected operation the ethereum protocol may cause the charitystars network aidcoin malfunction operate way that not expected. ether, the native ethereum protocol account unit, may itself lose value similar way aidcoin, and also other ways. participating the crowdsale, the purchaser agrees the above and particular, they represent and warrant that they: have read carefully the terms and conditions attached the white paper; agree their full contents and accept legally bound them; are authorized and have full power purchase aidcoin tokens according the laws that apply their jurisdiction domicile; are not u.s. citizen, resident entity “u.s. person”), nor are they purchasing aidcoin signing behalf u.s. person; live jurisdiction which allows charitystars sell aidcoin tokens through crowdsale without requiring any local authorization and are compliance www.aidcoin.co with the local, state and national laws and regulations when purchasing, selling and/or using aidcoin tokens; are familiar with all related regulations the specific jurisdiction which they are based and that purchasing cryptographic tokens that jurisdiction not prohibited, restricted subject additional conditions any kind; will not use the crowdsale for any illegal activity, including but not limited money laundering and the financing terrorism; have sufficient knowledge about the nature the cryptographic tokens and have significant experience with and functional understanding the usage and intricacies dealing with cryptographic tokens and currencies and blockchain-based systems and services; λidcoin purchase aidcoin tokens because they wish have access the aidchain platform; are not purchasing aidcoin tokens for the purpose speculative investment usage. the client acknowledges and accepts that the aidcoin ico operation taking place within swiss legal environment that still under development. the parties agree seek amicable settlement prior bringing any legal action. any dispute controversy arising from under the crowdsale shall resolved arbitration accordance with the swiss rules international arbitration the swiss chamber commerce force the date when the notice arbitration submitted accordance with these rules. the arbitration panel shall consist one arbitrator only. the seat the arbitration shall lugano, switzerland. the arbitral proceedings shall conducted english. www.aidcoin.co