index our vision background opportunities pain points addressed lack prudent digital asset evaluation frameworks shortage variety for digital assets security issues our business business model digital asset evaluation framework digital asset innovation early-stage blockchain project investment and incubation features technical architecture and trading environment capital safety and risk management revenue model roadmap about our values our competitive advantages industry leading technologies finance veterans from top financial institutions global vision and experience our vision satoshi nakamoto, the pseudonymous ?creator? bitcoin, published his bitcoin white paper ?bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system? and subsequently mined the genesis block vitalik buterin launched ethereum, which can execute smart contracts, blockchain technology has been disrupting wide range industries exponential speed. decentralized and distributed, blockchain technology offering fundamentally different solutions many problems. helps build trust and consensus based cryptography rather than relying trusted central party that economic activities can take place and capital can flow across borders frictionlessly. blockchain-based asset digitalization becoming new trend, more and more investors are adding digital assets their investment portfolios. there increasing consensus democratize the digital economy that everyone can participate and enjoy the benefits brought about blockchain technology. abcc aims build and nurture blockchain-enabled digital asset platform. endeavor build bridges between digital asset users, developers and investors facilitate effective information flow and value creation. seek help visionary digital asset investors achieve their investment objectives and assist promising blockchain project teams secure funding and gain market recognition providing select digital assets, designing and operating innovative digital assets, and investing and supporting blockchain projects with high growth potential. ultimately, our goal promote healthy and sustainable growth the blockchain industry. background opportunities since its inception, the internet has facilitated information flow and sharing establishing wide and efficient network. built top the internet and upgrade, blockchain technology has established decentralized trust opposed centralized one. has enabled tamper-resistant record keeping and distributed information storage and sharing integrating advanced cryptography and database technologies. unique financing solution and native part most blockchain projects, cryptocurrency has experienced rapid growth both terms its overall market capitalization and its variety. subsequently, mainstream investors, both individual and institutional, are increasingly including cryptocurrencies part their investment portfolios. serving key part the digital asset ecosystem, digital asset exchanges connect different stakeholders, e.g., blockchain project teams, investors, and advisors, optimize the resource allocation this growing industry. aim contribute the healthy and sustainable growth the blockchain ecosystem. optimistic about the potentials digital asset exchanges, endeavor build and nurture long-term trusting relationships with visionary investors, project teams, and other stakeholders the blockchain ecosystem. pain points addressed lack prudent digital asset evaluation frameworks albeit fast growing, the blockchain industry still its infancy with numerous emerging projects and cryptocurrencies. while some these projects are truly disruptive, some are merely concepts even scams. emerging and burgeoning industry, there lack generally accepted evaluation frameworks for digital assets. with relatively limited understanding blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies, retail investors have been exposed high risks. while there are more and more digital asset exchanges, not many them have adopted clear and systematic approach towards digital asset evaluation. with sometimes lucrative listing fees, some digital asset listing decisions have been made from commercial point view rather than based the quality the assets itself. hence, increasingly pressing and challenging ensure that only select highquality digital assets are presented and provided investors. shortage variety for digital assets compared with traditional financial instruments, there shortage variety for blockchain native digital assets. more sophisticated investment vehicles such margin trading, investment portfolios, futures, options and other asset-backed securities based cryptocurrencies, are still nascent. the digital asset industry grows and gradually matures, some the world?s leading digital asset exchanges are rolling out their crypto derivative products top their mainstream crypto trading offerings. however, financial derivatives are complex design and risky nature. only finance professionals with rich experience derivatives are capable successfully designing and operating such products. meanwhile, systems and procedures have deployed ensure the safety and security digital asset trading platforms that investors? interests are safeguarded. security issues along with lack prudent digital asset evaluation frameworks and shortage variety for digital assets, security another issue top concern for investors. the one hand, security still challenging issue for blockchains the infrastructure layer. cryptocurrencies may suffer from different attacks such attack?, threatening the integrity and the foundation upon which the trust and consensus blockchain technology are built. for example, verge, cryptocurrency for users who value security and privacy, suffered from attack? due bug its codes. consequence, its price dropped within hours after the attack. the other hand, cybersecurity incidents digital asset exchanges happen every now and then. mt. gox, cryptocurrency exchange based japan and the then biggest one the world, was hacked march and result, bitcoin worth some million the time?and representing all bitcoins then existence ?had disappeared. june nd, the exchange was finally allowed swap bankruptcy proceedings civil rehabilitation. similarly, digital assets equaling million was hacked from bithumb, cryptocurrency exchange based south korea. cybersecurity practices digital asset exchange are based both its technological and operational capabilities and are demanding for both. according global cryptocurrency benchmarking study? cambridge judge business school, there are few key findings exchanges? security practices. average, security headcount corresponds total employees; the budget spent security; large exchanges and small exchanges use external security providers; optional two-factor authentication (fa) offered customers majority exchanges and required for employees for most operations; exchanges provide regular security training programs their staff; exchanges use cold-storage systems; average funds are kept cold storage; multi-signature architecture supported large exchanges and small exchanges? large exchanges have external parties performing their formal security audits, while small exchanges perform them internally. our business with blockchain technology disrupting wide range industries, abcc well positioned solve the pain points and challenges presented and elaborated above. endeavor provide secure and convenient digital asset exchange platform with our proven technological and operational capabilities. business model digital asset evaluation framework abcc aims build and nurture blockchain-based digital asset exchange. endeavor build bridges between digital asset users, developers and investors enable effective information flow and value creation. will help visionary digital asset investors obtain risk-adjusted returns and grow their assets. the core this ecosystem our proprietary digital asset evaluation framework. assess prospective digital assets with our proprietary multi-dimensional evaluation framework. before reaching asset listing decision, will comprehensively assess factors such product/services, industry attractiveness, competition, regulations, team, technology and operations, crypto economics, liquidity, community, and others. digital asset innovation leveraging our deep and broad experience financial innovation, will gradually roll out our innovative digital asset offerings enable our users optimize their digital asset allocation and manage their risk exposures. once have obtained relevant licenses and permissions, plan provide various innovative digital asset products such margin trading and contract trading. users can enter order borrow desirable amount funding from that they can raise their trading positions with leverage. likewise, users will have the option borrowing digital assets from and selling them when they deem the price high. they can buy back the assets and repay when the price reverts healthy level. will help our users achieve their investment objectives flexibly offering digital asset futures and options. one hand, this will offer hedging tools our users manage the risk exposures their current digital asset positions. the other hand, this will enable our users exploit investment opportunities presented the mispricing certain digital assets based their judgments. ultimately, will help investors achieve their optimal risk-adjusted investment returns. further, investing investment portfolios and other asset-backed securities based cryptocurrencies, users can achieve their optimal risk-adjusted returns with the help professional digital asset analysis and portfolio construction. the same time, have rigorous systems and procedures ensure the safety and security our digital asset trading platform that investors? interests are safeguarded. early-stage blockchain project investment and incubation plan take active role early-stage blockchain projects making strategic investments and providing incubation and enabling services. this will help projects with high growth potential secure funding and gain market recognition while providing premium investment opportunities our users. features aim provide wide range blockchain native digital assets and other related services. crypto trading one our core product offerings crypto trading. select our listed digital assets with our proprietary multi-dimensional digital asset assessment framework and ensure that they are presented visually friendly way. this way, our users can achieve their investment objectives efficiently. fiat trading once have obtained relevant licenses and permissions, plan roll out fiat trading services our users. this will further improve and optimize our secure and seamless trading services. margin trading once have obtained relevant licenses and permissions, plan provide margin trading services our users. with leverage, our users will able achieve more efficient and flexible asset allocation. contract trading once have obtained relevant licenses and permissions, plan roll out contract trading services our users, e.g., futures, options, investment portfolios and other asset-backed securities based cryptocurrencies. this will enable digital asset investors manage their risk exposure and obtain risk-adjusted returns. otc (over the counter) actively trade mainstream digital asset exchanges and provide block trading services over the counter. our trading partners include ultra high net worth individuals, family offices, mining businesses, hedge funds and other traditional financial institutions. value-added services will leverage our knowledge and expertise blockchain technology and digital assets provide value-added services facilitate our users? informed investment decision-making. our value-added services will include but are not limited news push, asset allocation services, and other self-services. devices will offer our digital asset trading services across multiple devices and platforms, including web, mobile html, ios, android, and others. technical architecture and trading environment high-performance matching engine our exchange platform has adopted pure in-memory matching technology, with which single machine can facilitate millions simultaneous matchings. with cluster-sharding, this number can further increased over million that efficient low-latency matching can reality. meanwhile, our technical architecture highly stable with hot failover based our experience and proven track record bat, i.e., baidu, alibaba and tencent. extendable multiple trading order architecture our order fulfillment highly extendable, capable efficiently dealing with variety trading order fulfilment (fok, ioc, etc.). this enables provide professional trading environment for professional traders. this extendable trading order architecture even has the potential form ecosystem, available wide range users, including professional financial services providers. shard-able trading server cluster our trading platform based mature technical architecture with multilayer clustering. well-structured handle high concurrency trading and process massive amount information and data. meanwhile, have used extensively cloud native compliant frameworks and infrastructures that our system can turned into sharding structure. this has enabled our system handle massive trading volume. the maximum trading volume that our system can handle only dependent the scale the server cluster. near real-time clearing system clearing system one the most critical components digital asset exchange. have developed our proprietary asset management system enable synchronized on-chain and off-chain asset management. also, with our multi-layer data architecture, our proprietary clearing system has made near real-time clearing reality. security architecture capital safety and information security our users are amongst our paramount concerns. our security architecture includes separation hot wallets and cold wallets, multi-signature security, two-factor authentication and others. capital safety and risk management capital safety have separated our clearing process from our trading platform and have adopted near real-time clearing ensure the safety funds our platform. meanwhile, can focus the optimization the matching engine our trading platform. account security with our account security system based big data and artificial intelligence (ai), continuously assess and ensure account security and compliance. withdrawal services leveraging big data, ai, and the flexibility offered human services, our withdrawal services are highly secure, efficient and flexible. security audit are working collaboration with industry-leading cybersecurity companies the blockchain industry regularly assess our systems. revenue model revenue sources trading fees withdrawal fees listing fees margin trading fees and interest contract trading fees other revenues details trading fees will applicable percentage the value digital asset transactions. withdrawal fees will applicable process withdrawal requests. listing fees will applicable list digital assets which meet our digital asset evaluation criteria. will roll out margin trading services once have obtained relevant licenses and permissions. fees and interest will applicable. will roll out contract trading services once have obtained relevant licenses and permissions. fees will applicable. will leverage our knowledge and expertise blockchain technology and digital assets provide other services such technical advisory, digital asset custodian, and security services. fees will applicable. roadmap date milestones april, abcc.com launched may, the first batch select digital assets listed july, abcc membership program launches january, new digital asset trading platform launches about abcc digital asset exchange (abcc) world-class exchange offering digital asset investment and trading solutions for users globally. abcc was open for registration april th, and officially launched april th, currently, have dozens digital assets with btc, eth, and usdt base currencies our exchange platform. secure and stable, abcc has been gaining traction and popularity among users with our offerings select high-quality digital assets. our values embracing the philosophy blockchain technology?open, frictionless and participatory, have placed value investing the core our values. holding investors? interests the center our business, conduct comprehensive due diligence over prospective digital assets before making any listing decisions. the same time, work closely with the issuers digital assets issue digital assets with great long-term growth potentials. our competitive advantages industry leading technologies our technology team members have worked some the world?s most successful technology and financial services companies. our technological capabilities have enabled create and maintain systems and infrastructures capable handling matchings for over million users simultaneously. meanwhile, are experienced and well-equipped handle high concurrency trading and process massive amount information and data. finance veterans from top financial institutions our finance and investment team come from the world?s top investment banks and fintech companies, seasoned designing and operating complex financial instruments. global vision and experience abcc was founded group industry veterans with broad range experience and track record some the most successful internet, financial services and management consulting firms. meanwhile, our international team composition has equipped with strong capabilities acquiring and consolidating resources globally. our team members have previously worked the us, europe, the middle east, southeast asia and others. are proud have number veterans legal practices, financial services, blockchain technology and other technologies act advisors guide our strategic development. our advisors include but are not limited dr. michael frendo, former speaker the parliament malta and minister foreign affairs malta, who has taken active role constitutional development and was signatory the draft constitutional treaty the european convention; mr. weixing chen, founder kuaidi dache, chairman the board funcity holding, experienced investor blockchain technology; mr. zhang lei, successful serial entrepreneur who has launched three successful products with each serving over million users; mr. forrest chen, founder umeng (acquired alibaba for million and expert technologies and strategy. thank you for taking the time and effort learn about abcc digital asset exchange! you like what you have read, please join helping build sustainable and healthy blockchain ecosystem!