SOCIAL PUBLIC OPINION POLLS
ON THE BLOCKCHAIN.

WHITEPAPER
V E R S I O N 1 .6

1

“Public opinion is the
thermometer a monarch should
constantly consult.”

NAPOLEON BONAPARTE

2

1. THE PROBLEM
In recent times, public opinion data has been manipulated to suit various political, social
and corporate agendas.
Opinion polls reported on many issues are wildly inaccurate. These fabricated or heavily
biased opinion polls are designed to alter real public opinions. People are not being
provided with an accurate picture of what the general public really wants.

2. OUR SOLUTION
ClearPoll aims to provide more accurate public opinion data. We do this by allowing
wider participation, by making polls easily accessible via our ClearPoll app. We allow
our users to vote on topics, and then the topics with the most votes become active
polls for everyone to vote on. That means that people are deciding what matters to
them most, and then people are voting on that issue. There is no one person or

WHAT DO PEOPLE

corporation making decisions on which questions are asked, or which poll results are

REALLY THINK?

made public. It is an incredibly transparent and accurate way of gauging public opinion.

HOW CAN WE
BE SURE?

SOCIAL PUBLIC OPINION POLLS ON THE BLOCKCHAIN
We intend to use blockchain technology to record votes on polls. This means that once
a vote has been cast on a poll, it is sent to the blockchain, and cannot be changed or
removed. Final poll results are also stored on the blockchain, meaning poll result data
is final and 100% publicly viewable by all ClearPoll users. Nobody can hide or manipulate
what the general public has to say.

3

3. T H E VA L U E O F C L E A R P O L L
ClearPoll will redefine how public opinion is measured and reported. This will have a
strong influence on mainstream media. It will be far more difficult to persuade the
general public to think and feel a certain way, when we can all observe the data that
ClearPoll, the new consensus in accurate and current public opinion, will provide.
As well as encouraging a more transparent and accurate media, the data provided by
ClearPoll will allow corporations, governments and other groups to properly strategise
and respond to accurate public opinion data. If a government does not understand what
its people want, it cannot possibly provide the best solution.
ClearPoll will make it easy for everyone to quickly find accurate public opinion data. It
will provide a clear picture of not only what people want, but perhaps why they want it.

“Government is
organized opinion.
Where there is little
or no public opinion,
there is likely to be bad
government.”
MACKENZIE KING

FIND A
POLL

VIEW LIVE
RESULTS

VOTE

SHARE
RESULTS

SENT TO
BLOCKCHAIN

4

4. CASE EXAMPLES
In November 2016, various mainstream media outlets were reporting that Hillary Clinton
had over 99% chance of winning the election and becoming the next President of the
United States. This was based on “opinion polls” which were clearly not an accurate
depiction of what all Americans were thinking at the time. These opinion polls are often
sponsored by an organisation invested in the result, and can be designed to alter real
public opinion. Less than 48 hours after some of these headlines were published, Donald
Trump won the election in what could only be called a landslide.
Had ClearPoll existed at the time, it would have been very easy to see that it was
at least a close race, and more voters would have been encouraged to participate,
potentially affecting the outcome. Many voters failed to vote at all, due to the latest
data suggesting their votes were not likely to make a difference to the result. This is
an example of how reporting inaccurate public opinion data can make a real difference
in society.
“Survey finds Hillary
Clinton has ‘more than
99% chance’ of winning
election over Donald
Trump.”
independent.co.uk
NOV 2016 #

Another recent example was BREXIT. Again, mainstream media and even bookmakers
were widely reporting, right down to the final days before the referendum vote, that there
was almost no chance Britain would leave the EU. In most reports it was estimated that
there was at least a 75% chance of Britain remaining in the EU.
Whether or not these reports were designed to affect real public opinion, we don’t know.
The data was quite simply not an accurate snapshot of real public opinion. ClearPoll data
will be far more accurate due to its wider audience and easily accessible system.

#

www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/sam-wang-princeton-election-consortium-poll-hillary-clinton-donald-trump-victory-a7399671.html

5

5. H O W C L E A R P O L L W O R K S
ClearPoll is designed primarily as a mobile application, however we also plan on delivering
a desktop browser platform, plus a ClearPoll Plus subscription based advanced metrics
system.
The mobile app works in a very simple way. It is designed so that the widest possible
audience can successfully use it. We don’t want to limit the voting demographic to
people with technical skills.

I N S TA L L I N G T H E A P P
Users will download from all of the major app stores, across Android and iOS. They can
then install the app, and create an account. Accounts are not stored on the blockchain,
only votes and poll results are.

“I believe if a private
citizen is able to affect
public opinion in a
constructive way he
doesn’t have to be an
elected public servant
to perform a public
service.”
WARREN BEATTY

FINDING AND VOTING ON A POLL
The user can easily search for polls by keyword, or they can browse by categories. Poll
categories include politics, human rights, entertainment, sport and more. The user can
easily filter down from global polls to national or even local. When the user finds a poll
that they care about, they can vote.
Their vote is sent to the blockchain where it is stored securely. Nobody can change it or
remove it, not even us.
After voting, they can view the current poll results. ClearPoll features various charts and
graphs showing realtime statistics. Users can view statistics by location, and even by
the hour. A local poll can only be voted on by a user within that region, so there won’t be a
case of a user in Sydney voting on an issue specific to Londoners, unless the poll creator
designed it to be a “global poll”. Polls are active for 24 hours, giving everyone a chance
to vote regardless of their time zone.

6

SUGGESTING A TOPIC
If a poll does not exist for an issue that means a lot to the user, they can suggest it as
a topic. Other users then vote on their topic, based on whether or not they would like
to see it become an active poll. This system means that not only do people decide the
outcome of polls, but they also decide what is important in the first place. Topics that
have the most votes (at least top half of the ranking) after 24 hours will become active
polls. For example if there are 20 topics suggested, and your topic is in the top 10 when
its 24 hours expires, it will become an active poll. This system allows more important
or urgent issues to leapfrog a topic and become an active poll. Unsuccessful topics can
always be resubmitted another time.

“One cannot wage
war under present
conditions without
the support of public
opinion, which is
tremendously molded
by the press and other
forms of propaganda.”
DOUGLAS MACARTHUR

7

SHARING
We understand that social sharing is essential in raising public awareness, and it is
something people do by choice. ClearPoll offers the option of sharing your latest vote, as
well as sharing an entire poll, across major social networks, including:

Each poll has a unique identifying number, for example #2408, which makes it easy for a
user to search for that specific active or historical poll. The unique number system creates
a great opportunity for more sharing, such as wearing a poll result on merchandise.
Imagine a group of people wearing “#2408” tees to a protest. Their message is loud and

Social media has

clear, the people have spoken on their issue and it’s easy for you to find those results.

become the method
of choice for people
to share what they
stand for.
ClearPoll will utilise
this, plus create new
ways to help people
be heard.

8

THE DESKTOP BROWSER VERSION
As well as creating the ClearPoll app, we will develop a desktop version of ClearPoll. Users
can login and easily view the latest polls they have voted on, as well as share each one.
They can view final poll results and statistics on how their opinion measured up. They
can also view upcoming social events near them, and easily shop for merchandise.
The desktop platform is a hub for user account activity, whereas the app is designed
primarily for voting. Users cannot vote by desktop, they can only vote via the mobile app.
The desktop platform can not send transactions to the blockchain, however it does
source data from the blockchain.

“The American people
should be made aware
of the trend toward
monopolization of the
great public information
vehicles and the
concentration of more
and more power over
public opinion in fewer
and fewer hands.”
SPIRO T. AGNEW

C L E A R P O L L R E A LT I M E D ATA W I D G E T S
We aim to provide a method for individuals or corporations to easily embed widgets
displaying current and historical poll results. Featuring realtime data, ClearPoll Widgets
will be a great way to help grow the ClearPoll brand and make it simple for journalists
and others to reference and report accurate public opinion data.

9

C L E A R P O L L P L U S - A N A D VA N C E D M E T R I C SY S T E M
Most users of the ClearPoll app will be able to view a lot of interesting data, such as
votes by the hour, and location based results. However, we plan to provide an additional
service which we call ClearPoll Plus. This advanced service will allow individuals or
corporations to subscribe to advanced metrics. They will be able to view and filter data
including age, gender, location down to city or even suburb level, as well as much more.
This data will serve as an extremely powerful and valuable tool for market research as
well as journalism, or just for a greater understanding of public opinion trends. The data
is not personal data, there are no names, addresses or any other identifying metrics. It
is cumulative data.
The only way to subscribe to ClearPoll Plus, is by purchasing with ClearPoll tokens
(POLL). This will create a high demand for the tokens, theoretically increasing their
value.

“Public opinion can be
Individual or corporation
purchases POLL tokens
from a token exchange

They purchase a
ClearPoll Plus subscription
with their POLL tokens

They can access
advanced metrics
on ClearPoll polls.

Token revenue from ClearPoll Plus will be used as rewards for nodes, after the initial

influential. The media
can be influential”
NOAM CHOMSKY

allocation of node tokens is exhausted (see section 7 for node rewards).

10

CLEARPOLL ADVERTISING NETWORK
As well as ClearPoll Plus creating a demand for POLL tokens, we are also launching our
own advertising network, whereby advertisers can purchase ad space on the ClearPoll
app and desktop platform.
In order to ensure poll voting is not influenced by advertising, we will only show ads on
the poll result areas - never pre-vote.

EXAMPLES OF ADVERTISING SPACE

SYSTEM DIAGRAM
ClearPoll App
POLL RESULTS
ClearPoll Blockchain

User Casts a Vote
via ClearPoll App

ClearPoll Desktop
POLL RESULTS

NODE

NODE

NODE

NODE

NODE

NODE

ClearPoll Widgets
REALTIME DATA

NODE

NODE

NODE

BASE METRICS (PUBLIC ACCESS)

ClearPoll Plus advanced
metrics private subscription
paid only with POLL tokens,
creating a healthy demand.

ClearPoll
Advertising Space
Ad space purchased only with POLL Tokens.
Ads only offered on poll result sections,
never pre-vote.

Sponsored Polls also offer
great marketing insights
and can only be obtained
with POLL tokens.

POLL Tokens from ClearPoll Plus feed back into the node reward pool.

11

SPONSORED POLLS
Perhaps the most valuable additional service ClearPoll offers
is “Sponsored Polls”. Corporate clients can publish a poll
of their choice, by exchanging POLL tokens. Sponsored Poll
feature in a special separate section within the ClearPoll
app. They are not mixed in with user generated polls.
Sponsored Polls come with free ClearPoll Plus analytics for
that specific poll, giving great insight into the responses.
Sponsored Polls are an incredibly valuable marketing tool and
are likely to drive demand for POLL tokens even higher.

S TA R P O L L S
Star Polls is a unique service, offering stars, celebrities and
people of influence the opportunity to poll their fans, within
the ClearPoll app. This offers great exposure to a potentially
new audience, and provides a platform to promote products
or causes.
We’re already busy signing up stars, and by launch, will have
a great list of stars ready to go. - including actors, athletes,
groups and influencers.

12

6. OUR BLOCKCHAIN SOLUTION
ClearPoll requires the ability to process millions of blockchain interactions in a fast and
efficient manner every day. For these reasons our developers are looking at creating an
independant distributed ledger that is not reliant on any existing blockchain networks.
After extensive research we have settled on the best possible solution for our
requirements, which is running our own blockchain, based on Ethereum.

“The American people
should be made aware

We moved away from Hyperledger due to issues with scaling and support. There’s not

of the trend toward

enough documentation and general use to ensure that the platform will continue to be

monopolization of the

supported and can scale to the size we need.

great public information

Instead we are using a private blockchain inspired by Ethereum. We took the basics

vehicles and the

of the Ethereum chain and improved speed and reliability. By changing the algorithms

concentration of more

behind consensus and mining we are able to use a platform that works when we need it,

and more power over

every time we need it.

public opinion in fewer

We have successfully built a working prototype and tested it, including stress testing

and fewer hands.”

with thousands of votes per second being recorded.
Video of our initial testing is available on our website.

SPIRO T. AGNEW

13

7. CLEARPOLL TOKENS (POLL)
We will be creating tokens known as ClearPoll (POLL). The number of tokens generated
is subject to the funding received during our PreICO and ICO. ClearPoll tokens are an
ERC20 token, meaning you can easily manage them from your Ether wallets.

TOKEN:

ClearPoll (POLL)

SOFT CAP: 1,000,000 POLL
HARD CAP: 10,000,000 POLL

T O K E N A L L O C AT I O N
We intend to issue 70% of all tokens to crowdfund investors. A full breakdown of token
allocation is as follows:

“I believe if a private
citizen is able to affect

10% Tokens
to be burned

public opinion in a

10% Node Rewards & business
expenses (eg. marketing and
promotions)

constructive way he
doesn’t have to be an
elected public servant

10% Dev Team
& Advisors

to perform a public
service.”
WARREN BEATTY

70% Crowdfund Investors
(PRE-ICO and ICO)

14

PRE-ICO AND ICO TOKEN DISCOUNTS
The number of tokens per ether will be reduced as each stage of the PRE-ICO and ICO
completes. Early investors have the chance at up to 50% bonus as compared to the final
stage of the ICO.
TOKENS PER ETHER:
PRE-ICO • 1 ETH = 3,000 POLL
PRE-ICO STAGE 2 • 1 ETH = 2,800 POLL
PRE-ICO STAGE 3 • 1 ETH = 2,600 POLL
ICO STAGE 1 • 1 ETH = 2,500 POLL
ICO STAGE 2 • 1 ETH = 2,4 00 POLL
ICO STAGE 3 • 1 ETH = 2,300 POLL
ICO STAGE 4 • 1 ETH = 2,500 POLL

RATE INCREASED DUE TO ETH/USD VALUE INCREASE AFTER STAGE 3 ENDED

ICO STAGE 5 • 1 ETH = 2,4 00 POLL
ICO STAGE 6 • 1 ETH = 2,300 POLL

RATE INCREASED DUE TO ETH/USD VALUE INCREASE AFTER STAGE 3 ENDED
RATE INCREASED DUE TO ETH/USD VALUE INCREASE AFTER STAGE 3 ENDED

N O D E R E WA R D S
We intend to issue bonus coins to users who wish to act as nodes on the blockchain network.
Users can apply to become a node, and we will acquire their details and provide them with
regular POLL tokens in exchange for their service.
Once the tokens we have reserved for node rewards have all been claimed, we will continue
to issue POLL tokens to nodes. These tokens will come from ClearPoll Plus revenue.

8. R E A L I S AT I O N P AT H
We have a clear vision of how and when we can deliver various stages of the ClearPoll
project, based on various levels of funding. We are realists. We understand that more funding
means a faster development, with more features and increased marketing budget.
We require a minimum funding of 1 million POLL tokens sold, in order to develop the ClearPoll
app in its most basic form, including blockchain functionality, basic poll creation and voting
and advertising space.
If we are unable to raise the minimum amount, we will refund all contributors and the project
will not commence.

15

ROADMAP
The ClearPoll Team will do everything within its power to follow the roadmap outlined below. There may be unforeseen
circumstances that cause a delay, however we have every intention of delivering a finished product on time, or earlier.
An official launch date will be announced in the near future.

SEPTEMBER 2017

OCTOBER 2017

PRE-ICO Stages • September 9 - October 2

•
•
•
•
•
•

ICO Stages Commence October 2 and ends October 26
Commence development of ClearPoll app, ClearPoll Plus and desktop version.
Begin signing up alpha testers.
Begin marketing to build interest for launch.
Generate POLL tokens and distribute to all investors via their ETH address.
List POLL on a major exchange.

NOVEMBER 2017

• Working user interface shown on app. Graphics completed.
• User authentication system created.

DECEMBER 2017

• Poll topic system created.
• Poll results charts and graphs working.
• Alpha testing commences.

JANUARY 2018

• Develop node software.

FEBRUARY 2018

MARCH 2018

JULY 2018

AUGUST 2018

• Continue work on additional features, eg advertising network.
• Finalise basic app development including addressing all feedback from alpha testing.

• Commence major pre-launch marketing campaign
• Prepare final submissions to iOS App Store and Google Play Store

• Launch ClearPoll

16

9 . C L E A R P O L L U S E R R E WA R D S
50% of all ClearPoll POLL token revenue collected, will be returned to ClearPoll users
in the form of a rewards system. Rewards are paid out for content generation (creating
polls) and also Sponsored Poll participation.

C L E A R P O L L P O L L T O K E N R E V E N U E A L L O C AT I O N
50% ClearPoll User Rewards

50% Company Revenue

USERS EARN POLL
TOKENS JUST FOR
USING CLEARPOLL.

5 0 % U S E R R E WA R D S

50% COMPANY REVENUE

• Users earn points for creating good poll
questions (based on votes the poll receives)
and also for participation in Sponsored Polls.

• Locked for 30 days in a
holding wallet - cannot be
accessed during that time.

• At end of each month, points are converted
into POLL tokens. The rate will depend on the
user’s performance against all other users. For
example, the user with the most points, will
receive the largest share of POLL tokens.

• After 30 days, released
to company, to use at own
discretion (held, or sold at an
exchange for usable profit).

• Users enter their POLL address into the app
to submit a request to withdraw their balance
(a minimum withdrawal limit applies).
• ClearPoll sends out all claimed POLL
withdrawals during the following month.
• Only users that have entered their POLL
address into the app will be eligible for a share
in the POLL rewards for that month.
17

1 0. U S E O F F U N D I N G
Creating social apps is a lengthy and complicated process. The ClearPoll project in
particular will be very heavy on software, mobile app and blockchain development hours.
We have assembled a very capable team, with experience specifically in these areas. Our
breakdown of funding use is as follows:

15% Product development
and management

10% General and
administrative expenses

40% Dev team
& advisors

35% Marketing,
sales and PR

“For me every ruler is
alien that defies public
opinion.”
MAHATMA GANDHI

MARKETING SURPLUS
The above chart shows the approximate funding amounts based on hitting our targets at
each ICO stage. Should we exceed the funding that we are aiming for, the surplus will be
used primarily for additional marketing after product launch.
ALL ICO FUNDING GOALS REACHED

EXCESS FUNDING
ADDITIONAL MARKETING

18

11. OUR TEAM
We’ve hand-picked the best possible team for the ClearPoll project. We have every
aspect of design, development and marketing covered - and most importantly, we have
all worked together extensively in the past, with great results.

DANIEL ABELA
Director + Lead Designer
Daniel has operated his own successful design business for the past 13 years. He is
also one half of a very successful indie mobile app development team, with over 10
million installs across their titles. Daniel is the lead designer at ClearPoll and with vast
experience working in highly productive environments, he has a great understanding of
how to bring a concept to reality.

ROBERT CULLEY
Director + Lead Developer
Robert is an experienced industrial designer and a very successful mobile app developer,
being the other half of the indie mobile app development team with Daniel. Robert’s
expertise has been highly sought after in his field, and he has worked alongside some
of the most exciting new tech startups as a designer and developer. Robert has an
“anything is possible” attitude which is necessary for a project such as ClearPoll.

“There is a power in
public opinion in this
country - and I thank God
for it: for it is the most
honest and best of all

SIMON COCKING

powers - which will not

Advisor

tolerate an incompetent

Simon is a senior editor at Ireland’s number 1 tech site, irishtechnews.ie. His
experience and knowledge in the tech field and specifically in regards to new startups
is incredibly valuable to our team. Simon is an industry leader - having previously held
TED Talks.

or unworthy man to hold
in his weak or wicked
hands the lives and

ALEX DAHAN

fortunes of his fellow

Advisor

citizens.”

Alex is the founder of OpenInfluence, featured in Forbes 30 under 30 in the area of
Marketing & Advertising. He specialises in social media marketing, and has a passion
for blockchain technology in particular. Alex is a great fit for our team and his skillset,
experience and enthusiasm will help to grow the ClearPoll brand.

MARTIN VAN BUREN

EVGENY ARDASHEV
UX Designer
Evgeny is a senior UX designer at one of Australia’s largest corporations. He has
extensive experience across the board, from graphic design to industrial design, as
well as development experience. Evgeny is renowned for his ability to create designs
that are not only beautiful, but achieve the best possible results.

ADRIAN DALUZ
Software Developer
Adrian graduated with a B.Sc in Computer Science, Inter-networking and Security from
Murdoch University. His expertise is a welcome addition to our team and his skills will
be put to work creating the most practical, efficient and secure final product. Adrian
is a very capable software developer and adapts well to a quickly changing industry,
including blockchain technology.

19

CHRIS HITCHINS
Developer
With a B.Sc in Computer Science from Murdoch university, Chris is an experienced
web and mobile app developer with a great attitude towards achieving the best result,
regardless of what is required. He has an excellent ability to quickly adapt to current
trends and techniques.

KENNETH JOHNSON
Developer
Kenneth is studying computer science at Murdoch University and has already worked
as a developer on successful mobile apps. With vast experience in technical project
management, he is a key part of our team. Kenneth has worked with some of Australia’s
leading companies, and has a great ability to create the best technical solutions for
any project he is a part of.

DOUG MESSER
Marketing
Doug Messer is the Founder and CEO of University Beyond, a technology startup that
helps major brands build, manage and scale college influencer programs to increase
their products usage and awareness. UB has worked with over 250 brands including
Amazon, Starbucks, Pepsi, Adobe, Brooks Brother, AT&T, Dell, Uber, and Google. Doug
has been featured in publications including CNN, The New York Times, INC Magazine,
Entrepreneur, USA Today and TechCrunch.

JON THOMPSON
Marketing
Jon is a marketing and social media professional experienced in building relationships,
engaging social communities and has vast experience working with a diverse portfolio
of brands to tell their story in a creative and innovative way. Jon’s experience includes
social and marketing work with Snapchat and Mars.

“Polling is merely an
instrument for gauging
public opinion. When a
president or any other
leader pays attention
to poll results, he is, in
effect, paying attention

SEAN GRAHAM
Advisor
Sean brings decades of business management experience to our team. Having
developed his own original technology within the financial services industry, he also
has a thorough understanding of what it takes to bring cutting edge tech applications
to market. Sean is a well-respected member of his local community, having been
heavily involved with charity over the years.

to the views of the
people.”
GEORGE GALLUP

LUKE HEDGER
Developer
Luke studied computer science, software and web development at Deakin University
and is an important member of our team, as a web developer. Luke has operated his
own business for 14 years, as well as launched several successful tech startups.
Luke has a great ability to work through problems and create the best possible result.

1 2 . C O N TA C T
NEXTECH DEVELOPMENTS - Perth, Western Australia
ABN: 14 621 336 696
EMAIL: info@clearpoll.io
WEB: www.clearpoll.io
FACEBOOK: facebook.com/voteclearpoll
TWITTER: @voteclearpoll

20

12. DISCLAIMER
This document is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or solicitation to sell shares
or securities in NEXTECH Developments, ClearPoll or any related or associated company.
Any such offer or solicitation would only be made by a confidential offering memorandum and in accordance with
applicable securities and other laws. None of the information or analyses presented are intended to form the
basis for any investment decision, and no specific recommendations are intended. Accordingly, this document
does not constitute investment advice or counsel or solicitation for investment in any security.
This document does not constitute or form part of, and should not be construed as, any offer for sale or
subscription of, or any invitation to offer to buy or subscribe for, any securities, nor should it or any part of it
form the basis of or be relied on in any connection with, any contract or commitment whatsoever. NEXTECH
Developments expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct or consequential loss or damage of
any kind whatsoever arising directly or indirectly from:
(i) reliance on any information contained in this document,
(ii) any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such information or
(iii) any action resulting therefrom.
The ClearPoll token, or “POLL”, is a cryptographic token. POLL is not a cryptocurrency.
At the time of this writing,
(i) POLL cannot be exchanged for goods or services and
(ii) POLL cannot be traded on any known exchanges at this time, however we plan to list POLL on token exchanges
in the near future.
There is no guarantee that the POLL you purchase will increase in value. It may decrease in value. POLL is not
evidence of ownership or right to control. Controlling POLL does not grant its controller ownership or equity. POLL
does not grant any right to participate in the control, direction or decision making of ClearPoll.
REFUNDS
Contribution refunds will only be given if ClearPoll does not reach its minimum funding goal of 1 million POLL
tokens sold via crowdsale. Any other refunds will be at the discretion of ClearPoll.
GENERATION AND DISTRIBUTION OF POLL TOKENS
POLL tokens will be generated after the completion of the final stage of the token sale. POLL tokens will be
distributed back to the same ETH address that the contributions arrived from.
EXCHANGE RATES
The ratio of ETH, BTC or NEO to POLL will remain constant throughout each stage of the token sale, regardless
of any fluctuations in price of each cryptocurrency.
TOKEN SALE PARTICIPATION
It is the responsibility of the participants of the Pre-ICO and ICO token sale to ensure they are legally allowed
to exchange ETH, BTC or NEO for POLL tokens, in their country of domicile. Nextech Developements accepts
no responsibility for illegal participation, and does not have access to locations of each participant. Nextech
Developments is an Australian company and operates under Australian laws and regulations.

21

INVEST IN THE POWER OF PEOPLE

© COPYRIGHT 2017

NEXTECH DEVELOPMENTS

ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

22

