rewards system distinguish trustworthy articles alis japan's first social media platform using blockchain technology masahiro yasu, sota ishii, takashi mizusawa version september alis co., ltd. all rights reserved. contents what alis target market size and the appeal the japanese market platform growth strategy japan platform introduction and its features screen image introduction why attracts high quality articles why can pass value people why alis can continue grow for the long term how token created and distributed about the detail distribution logic and adjustment parameters how fraud prevented the blockchain technology used alis the vision and mission the team and profiles team members financing how the money will used the company operation policy the details ico conclusion what alis alis japan's first non-ad funded social media platform. new and novel platform where many individuals can create and find useful articles. with alis tokens the key driver, remove ads and stealth marketing that people can quickly access and find high quality articles and trusted individuals. honest, were intrigued steem (https://steem.io), which helped inspire the conception alis. this article explains the steem concept: https://cointelegraph.com/news/steemit-new-social-media-platform-which-pays-you-to-post our story began with sota ishii, our project member who posted several travel photos (https://steemit.com/japanese/@sot/-south-america-tour-no-) steem. surprisingly, this article earned close and were able buy the most expensive pizza dominoʼs. the dominoʼs pizza purchased with tokens earned from steem were surprised and the same time wanted know how such scheme possible, researched steem thoroughly (not for another dominoʼs pizza). the more researched about steem, the more liked what found. steem, the platform itself being evaluated. this results steem's tokens increasing value, which can then traded exchanges higher price. this scheme possible because the increase value being distributed creators and evaluators articles. moreover, steem has already been valued million dollars (as july now truly feel that there new era media. traditionally the media has relied ads for their revenue (as you may know, more than both google and facebookʼs revenue rely sales), and unavoidable for users see ads ad-like articles when browsing. under such conditions, there have been various counter-measures the industry. for example, incentives are paid when users allow the ads appear, show only the ads users truly are interested means machine learning, etc. however, none them seem successful far, and users are still forced consume unwanted and meaningless ads that are inspired native ads trend (these are much worse since they don't even look like ads). steem has the power change the rules economics from the ground up. steem great service and are inspired however, saw two big shortcomings. first, the token scheme, which the backbone the platform, too complicated and takes long time understand. steem has several types tokes: steem, steem and steem dollars. order acquire them there complex and the rules operating the platform are very difficult understand for first-time users. this prevents new users with lower literacy from joining, which negative terms activation and retention. consider these the most important points for media platform. secondly, steem not localized for the japanese audience all. launched the alis project solve this. alis has three features the traditional social media lack: many high quality articles that can accessed quickly and easily the value the platform passed onto the users reliability data that possible with blockchain lower cost than before for more details, please refer to: https://alismedia.jp target market size and the appeal the japanese market our long-term target for sns is: trillion yen and for web media: trillion yen. the total is: trillion yen. these markets have been growing rapidly since growth overall, sns alone), thus showing that these are very promising markets. among them, want focus the japanese market first step. right now, western countries are ahead terms blockchain technology but there are almost main players japan. addition, because japan's revised fund settlement act, foreign players can't operate japan, and japanese players also need overcome the hurdle operator registration. alis has the language capabilities for the japanese market and the advantage potentially being pioneer japan. this implies that possible for alis establish itself monopolistic player. for the language barrier, microsoft has already released simultaneous translation tool, and are projecting that the service will available beyond any language barrier years. addition, japan's nominal gdp trillion dollars, which the world. japan also top the world terms net overseas assets, which shows japan still big market. also, the japanese sns and web media market have been estimated trillion yen. the other hand, due the language barrier that japanese presents, japan very much behind global platforms (e.g. whatsapp, tumblr, pinterest are still relatively unknown japan). this the reason why think japan the market should after. order for alis reach initial success, believe that the best strategy gain overwhelming share the japanese market. the japanese market has been relatively untouched world players. additionally, the core members the alis project were born and raised japan, meaning that have insight into the local and business culture. after establishing ourselves japan, feel then will stronger position take the global market. platform growth strategy japan have three growth strategy steps for the japanese market. establish market shares niche areas (virtual currency, popular anime and manga) expand into word-of-mouth websites (restaurants, travel, dieting life events such school admission, marriage, and home purchase) based analysis accumulated information from users, deploy new service letʼs first take look step one. one the founders alis, masahiro yasu, once developed business sns (japanese version linkedin) japan. from that experience, learned that the most important factor for growth social platform "feedback from the users." this rather obvious you are facebook instagram user, since many users give feedback. also, the context aarrr, what most important the initial phase how the churn rate can lowered, and one the biggest challenges "feedback from users." luckily, this challenge can met using token distribution logic. the logic will described later, but basically people will able "find undiscovered articles and rate giving likes." this unique solution for how alis can give rewards, and powerful since built into economic rule. also, second important factor for growth looked "how start from small circle," like facebook mixi. facebook started community tool for harvard university, and mixi started tool for japanese university, both being from "small circle." implement this into our strategy, will first increase the number articles towards "people who are interested virtual currency and tokens." the reasons are: there lot information about virtual currency that not reliable, and people are looking for trusted source the information about virtual currency find mostly low quality and useless most importantly, are truly interested virtual currency and tokens, which makes feel passionate about working with these types articles with the above mind, will summarize the outline our growth strategy below. efficiently acquire users areas that are niche and where many users require highly reliable information and sources. prepare scheme where users can receive lot feedback, with rewards the core (notification alert new articles specifying tags, notification alerts comments one's article) initially, since quantity priority, will build logic system where creators high quality articles will receive more tokens. however, the platform grows, feel this ratio should undergo change. want change the reward parameters that key drivers will maximized the right time for growth, but that, will centralized. therefore, would like have users alis tokens vote for the parameter adjustments when the time comes. reference, below the system diagram the time the start service. would like add that this rather tentative, and the situation changes, many modifications may required. the initial system diagram for the service the strategy above succeeds, alis will able establish itself "the platform where trusted information and people gather." what will after achieving this is: expand into word-of-mouth websites this strategy will focusing daily events such restaurants, travel, dieting life events such school admission, marriage, and home purchase because people tend look information based what others say regarding these topics. for example, japan, the japanese version yelp, tabelog and retty are growing. these areas are alis's next targets, and want cause disruption with our uvp which both creator and evaluator articles that can receive rewards. finally, the long term: based analysis accumulated information from users, deploy new service are considering building system where jobs can ordered and received alis japan. currently, there japanese government policy regarding work reform accordance with "one hundred million people active society" (http://www.kantei.go.jp/jp/singi/hatarakikata/). the reason why this policy deemed important japan nation aging like never seen anywhere the world and facing serious shortage workers. this situation, when productivity each worker not maximized, work broken down into smaller roles, and productivity improvement sought people working beyond corporate barriers. the main obstacle this that "the reliability individual not visualized all." address this, hope utilize the trusted data, which will accumulated through alis. this our hypothesis people who good work tend disseminate good information. more direct, people who good work are usually trusted. other words, the data gained via information gathering and dissemination can also utilized for work, and eco-system tied national policy possible realized. when this eco-system realized, naturally payments will occur. order increase the usability alis tokens currency, will focus strengthening the wallet function. more specifically, plan set exchanges where people can exchange alis for fiat and other virtual currencies. the next section and thereafter, explain the alis platform detail. platform introduction and its features alis, will distribute more alis tokens creators articles rated users good, and those who evaluated such articles. other words, this social media platform where one can find trusted articles and people means rewards. such media itself rather new concept, and features our platform comparison with existing steem are: have only token for simplicity and rules platform evolution are also simplified allow for the virtual currency's instability, and limiting inflation more than steem, our platform will achieve long-term sustainability will set the final goal the "visualization people's trust" and our vision promoting this connection with national policy will explain about each the following sections. introduction screen image this chapter, will introduce alis specific screen images and functions. the image above will the top page alis. glance, you can identify whether the article trustworthy the numbers "like" and the amount alis coins being paid. addition, lists reliable people well articles, making easier find information the author. alis also lists reliable people with their tags specialty you can search highly reliable articles and people through tags. the author the article will attach the tags, but are also planning develop function assign the best tags automatically natural language analysis using the topic model (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/topic_model). with these kind functions, alis provides the value immediate access the articles people that are trustworthy topics interest. this function, the ability search for people, makes alis different from steem. *please note that this screen only image, and the design may changed drastically the future. how high quality articles are attracted how can requiring the creation evaluation articles considered good? when more rewards are paid the people who created found articles that are deemed good. additionally, some other strong motivations are the desire contribute others and fulfilling the need approval. designing with these needs mind provides some pre-conditions for creating social media platform. alis's reward system will motivate users along with these needs. being evaluated those with more alis tokens, one can receive more rewards. also, for evaluators high quality articles, being early evaluating articles deemed good many people means they can receive more rewards. addition these, the more alis tokens one has, the more rewards they can get. the more one creates finds high quality articles the more alis tokens they will get, and such incentive results positive spiral effect. this the reason why attracts good quality articles. can make the same point when this model explained using the system diagram below, based aarrr. this clearly shows that the reward system the key driver for the growth the platform. have been describing the monetary side rewards only, but this reward cannot separated from the need approval previously described. since the rewards are shown numbers, this index, which indicates their contribution others and the platform. even disregard the monetary aspect, may able achieve same effects number likes facebook, the context need for approval alone. why rewards feedback are important how can pass value people the alis token cannot valuable solely itself. however, the alis platform deemed valuable, and the more considered valuable, the alis token will valued and traded higher price exchanges. you might skeptical, but steem has already gained million dollars (as july therefore this scheme has been proven possible. also, the russian "golos" (which steem fork) has been valued more than million dollars (as july this also indicates high probability success using this scheme. how alis can continue grow for the long-term the most important factor order deemed truly valuable platform the user retention and desire that makes them want continue using platform. there are ways this and have tied this the characteristics our token, which would like mention here. our token has inflation rate which activated the platform (please see the explanation later this section), and this inflation distributed the users who contribute. this figure was set with the awareness that recently virtual currencies were traded exchanges speculatively. think important create scheme where those who own alis tokens strive for the development the platform. therefore important that they receive more tokens, set the inflation rate however, with this condition alone, can't create disincentive that prevents people from keeping their tokens alis and withdrawing soon their tokens value increases. were inspired poi nem for way combat this. (http://nemmanual.net/nem_technical_reference_ja/poi/_poi.html), will introduce logic system where time needed between moving the tokens order for them take effect. the formula follows: 𝑙𝑜𝑔() xyyz this will set article points for the creator the article. also the points received xyyz xyyz individual who liked [\z will their like point for the article. the remaining calculations are easy. the creator receives article points for their article total article points alis inflation and the evaluator will receive like points/ total like points alis inflation please note that the logic the section not finalized, but will change accordance with the growth service. the change will not happen our whim operators, but will carried out accordance via user votes. the above explanation alone will not allow easy grasp screen image and functionalities, but they are currently being designed and developed, and will shared they become ready. how fraud prevented when the above distribution logic followed, the following are examples possible fraud for users token acquisition, and the majority users can suffer losses if: user creates multiple dummy accounts and gives likes articles created themselves, gaining alis tokens certain users collude and give likes specific articles, gaining tokens already have taken measures prevent fraud. firstly, will have measures prevent the easy creation dummy accounts. specifically, users must authenticate their accounts with sms registration with facebook account. secondly, will monitor potential fraud by: when user evaluates article and evaluates another article immediately after, the evaluation will nullified (because statistically there aren't many users who can read articles that quickly). checking the dislike evaluation ration disliked article, the distribution dislikes the user that are considered taking part fraud will nullified. this idea used the fraud prevention logic already employed steem, and since steem functioning well, can expect the same for our platform too. the blockchain technology used alis needless say, the most fitting technology for securing the trust that are aiming for with blockchain, alis's underlying technology. represented bitcoin, where the currency and settlement require the utmost trust was realized without central authority global scale, the context securing trust, blockchain far superior what came before it. they arenʼt really comparable since they are the different leagues. the paradigm realized bitcoin the realm art, and are awe it. this drove launch alis. currently, there has been case building people's trust using blockchain japan. this were built, believe will secure unparalleled advantage that not easily reversed. alis can solidify its position the market the main only player, according peter thiel this would advantageous. will use the blockchain technology for keeping record evaluations and reward articles created users. the approval done users who have valid alis coins the alis wallet. these users will judge whether the points calculated are appropriate, and distribute them users such. the blockchain technology well suited for the distribution coins where fraud most likely occur, chose this technology. also, are currently evaluating which technology can realize high reliability and low cost, such ethereum microsoft azure (we are currently certified azure bizspark partner microsoft, and are the process gaining bizspark+ status). for this chapter, haven't completed the technical evaluation, promise keep you posted more information becomes available. this point, are planning use blockchain technology for evaluations and rewards, but for other functionalities want evaluate other technologies. please bear mind that are the process accessing options. unlike steem, plan use both chain and off chain depending the situation. for example, posted articles should not saved the blockchain, because the data structure not suitable for searching and deep learning. plan develop using mysql, elastic search, etc. also plan change which blockchain apply procurement amount. when the procurement amount close million yen: will use turing-completed environment ethereum implement algorithm alis token. this case, the data writing ethereum blockchain will minimized extending the amount time until the next token distribution avoid problem which could caused soaring gas price. when procurement amount over million yen: will consider implementing combination blockchain and private blockchain. private blockchain will not in-house development. plan utilize existing blockchain technology forking and tuning it. will carefully determine which technology implement along with the ico, because either choice will the core technology alis and very important. the vision and mission the team and profiles team members the alis team's vision and mission are clear. our vision visualize useful information for people and accelerate the speed our growth the economic sphere japan, the population decrease serious issue. course there are many facets this problem, but one way help alleviate this burden increase the productivity each citizen. the nationʼs vision "one hundred million people active society" the process carrying out the mission "work style reform." there are ways improve productivity each citizen, but one the most important ones "increasing the range work one person takes part in." this, known side occupation, increasing, but has major obstacle. that is, since individual (not organization) doing the work, can difficult unless the individual's trust secured. address this problem, alis platform where reliable articles and people can meet through networking. other words, our mission is: use rewards, useful vs. useless information and trustworthy vs. untrustworthy people can distinguished. matter how much individual lacks trust, trust awarded those who have created found the useful article. realizing platform where people can take part autonomous economic sphere. believe can achieve this vision since are serious, and think mission should carry out. also, would like mention that the core members are all rather well versed management, business strategy, service development, marketing and engineering, each with their own specialization, therefore being balanced team. below are profiles the core members our team. there are many others who are supporting us, but believe just listing names not being sincere our supporters, have only the profiles core members here. you are interested, please join our slack (https://alis-slack.herokuapp.com/). would like communicate with all you much possible, will respond many questions possibily can. masahiro yasu founder yasu graduate from kyoto university, the university with the highest number nobel prize winner recipients japan. majored nuclear fusion and analyzed alfven eigenmode raised helical plasma fortran. after graduation, joined recruit co., ltd. (the largest company the world, also the parent company indeed). yasu experienced business development, including business strategy and system development several products, such business sns and referral tool. also actively worked machine learning and natural language analysis, and received the growth forum award which the highest prize recruit. currently also serves project leader joint project with microsoft japan. takashi mizusawa co-founder marketing takashi started venture company university student. after graduation started his career the worldwide famous benesse corporation. after winning the company's annual mvp his first year, worked mainly business development such student sns and education services tablets. after working benesse for years, joined recruit career co., ltd., known for connecting "learning" and "working". there gained experience business development mooc and referral tool. interested using social networks hr. envisions world where individuals can earn success through their own unique abilities. sota ishii co-founder engineering sota has over years experience system engineer. took the role development leader famous japanese company. during his time there, created award-winning system that contributed the company's service growth. interested new technologies and business, taking roles varies positions. strongly believes that blockchain technology will widespread standard within few years. due the recent rise crypto currency, has committed himself the alis project. tatsuhiko kamei regal department kenta nakamura media and mass communication kamei graduated from japanʼs most prestigious university, the university tokyo.in addition the alis project, currently works for recruit co., ltd. member the legal staff.he handles different fields such it, web services, marketing, human resource and etc. specializes the legal affairs new business developments. nakamura president japan direction association. huge success media director various fields, involved projects such production bita digima lab and development natural language engines. also known growth consult for kaizen platform. major publications include “web directorʼs textbook”, “latest practice for web direction”. financing have three potential projections for the value the alis token optimistic, conservative, and pessimistic. for calculation heavily referred the current value steem. basic logic, using user's value steem guide, the increase users multiplied their value. please make note these pre-conditions here: one user will create two articles average (user average steem) everything but number users (operating members, quality application, countries where users reside) are equivalent steem please refer the table below for the detailed simulation. please refer the number used for calculation has been published below. please note that these figures are presupposing that the virtual currency market will grow the longterm. how the money will utilized are planning use the tokens for these purposes are able achieve the minimum amount million yen during the ico: assignment experienced development member (experienced ui/ux designer web designer and full-stack engineer marketing cost for attracting users the cost the application approved domestic operator cost for the members who supported the initial stage and future partners any amount exceeding million yen will basically marketing costs, but they may used for the following purposes: ・building more solid back office (accounting and legal) ・strengthening user support (since will likely receive inquiries about virtual currency) ・renting office space (however, order minimize overhead costs, don't plan rent office space until financially viable. minimizing costs increases the chance success) the company operation policy feel that the current stock corporation system outdated. they lack consistency. even though the shareholders supposedly own company, the information that shareholders have access only the dressed-up version presented shareholder meetings. the directors who have been charged with management only make decisions based the premise what they feel absolutely right. decisions are forced onto the employees out the field. gary hamel wrote "the future management", the corporation system has stopped evolving for several hundred years and now fossilized, order make impact such situation, want manage with rules below: the progress project will transparent using trello, etc. the communication between members will open public possible all developed code will published github open source for the direction company and any changes the media rules, they will approved majority vote the token holders the salary employees will open among all employees addition, the currency receive will come from individuals. those people, making the management transparent possible will our duty, believe the rules above should followed. are not certain how much can operate within these rules, but will attempt them carry out the next generation management, and create organization together with the supporters who help us. "the future management" written gary hamel the details ico our tokensale will start september st, (utc) you can buy alis tokens with ethereum. please check the further information from the link below. https://medium.com/@alismedia/alis-tokensale-details-are-released-acdca the conclusion thank you for taking the time read this. our vision create media platform, which allows the reader quickly access trustworthy articles/people, freeing people from meaningless advertisements and stealth marketing. addition, hope transform into platform where receiving and placing job orders are possible for and cc. the japanese market has great potential although there are only few domestic players with advantage the field blockchain technology today. japan also well known for its difficulty enter for overseas entities. these points show that the japanese market holds huge opportunity for competitive strategy. have high chance succeeding the japanese market. you can see, are ready and fired about the alis platform. believe this opportunity realize what view ideal world, and opportunity take the challenge with the backing our supporters. you agree with our vision this ideal world, please join the ico and contribute the development this platform. meet website: https://alismedia.jp slack: https://alis-slack.herokuapp.com twitter: https://twitter.com/alis_media medium: https://medium.com/@alismedia github: https://github.com/alisproject trello: https://trello.com/b/bbhgg/alis roadmap: https://trello.com/b/xhjhdt/alis-public-roadmap change log august, added chapter “the details ico” and change log. august, modified whole text improve english september, deleted erichin batoʼs profile september, deleted information about ico neo september, deleted why ico hongkong since launched ico japan