the abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org abjcoin commerce the first decentralized feeless ecommerce market place white paper last updated //. the abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org important disclaimer please read this disclaimer section carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax, other professional advisor(s). the information set forth below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. while make every effort ensure that any material this whitepaper accurate and date, such content way constitutes the provision professional advice. abjcoin commerce does not guarantee, and accepts legal liability whatsoever arising from connected to, the accuracy, reliability, currency, completeness any material contained this white paper. investors and potential abjcoin commerce holders should seek appropriate independent professional advice before relying entering into any commitment transaction based on, material published this white paper, which material purely published for reference purposes alone. abjcoin commerce will not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. this white paper does not represent prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. abjcoin commerce does not provide any opinion any advice purchase, sell, otherwise transact with abjcoin commerce and the fact presentation this white paper shall not form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment concerning the sale and purchase abjcoin commerce, and cryptocurrency another form payment accepted the basis this white paper. this white paper shall not and cannot considered invitation enter into investment. does not constitute relate any way nor should considered offering securities any jurisdiction. this white paper does not include contain any information indication that might considered recommendation that might used basis for any investment decision. abjcoin commerce are just utility tokens which can used only the abjcoin commerce platform and are not intended used investment. the offering abjcoin commerce trading platform done order allow the use the abjcoin commerce platform and not for speculative purposes. the offering abjcoin commerce tokens trading platform does not change the legal qualification the tokens, which remain simple means for the use the abjcoin commerce platform and are not security. abjcoin commerce not considered advisor any legal, tax financial matters. any information the white paper provided for general information purposes only and abjcoin commerce does not provide any warranty the abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org the accuracy and completeness this information. abjcoin commerce not financial intermediary according swiss law and not required obtain any authorization for anti money laundering purposes. acquiring abjcoin commerce shall not grant any right influence over abjcoin commerce?s organization and governance the purchasers. regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated cryptocurrencies the world. that respect, regulatory measures, investigations actions may impact abjcoin commerce?s business and even limit prevent from developing its operations the future. any person undertaking acquire abjcoin commerce must aware the abjcoin commerce business model, the white paper terms and conditions may change need modified because new regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws any jurisdictions. such case, purchasers and anyone undertaking acquire abjcoin commerce acknowledge and understand that neither abjcoin commerce nor any its affiliates shall held liable for any direct indirect loss damage caused such changes. abjcoin commerce will its utmost launch its operations and develop the abjcoin commerce platform. anyone undertaking acquire abjcoin commerce acknowledges and understands that abjcoin commerce does not provide any guarantee that will manage achieve it. they acknowledge and understand therefore that abjcoin commerce (incl. its bodies and employees) assumes liability responsibility for any loss damage that would result from relate the incapacity use abjcoin commerce, except case intentional misconduct gross negligence. representation and warranties participating, the purchaser agrees the above and particular, they represent and warrant that they: have read carefully the terms and conditions attached the white paper; agree their full contents and accept legally bound them; are authorized and have full power purchase abjcoin commerce according the laws that apply their jurisdiction domicile; live jurisdiction which allows abjcoin commerce sell abjcoin commerce through without requiring any local authorization; are familiar with all related regulations the specific jurisdiction which they are based and that purchasing cryptographic coins that jurisdiction not prohibited, restricted subject additional conditions any kind; will not use abjcoin commerce for any illegal activity, including but not limited money laundering and the financing terrorism; have sufficient knowledge about the nature the cryptographic coins and have significant experience with, and functional understanding of, the usage and intricacies dealing with cryptographic coins and currencies and blockchain-based systems and services; the abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org purchase abjcoin commerce because they wish have access the abjcoin commerce platform; forward looking statements all statements contained this white paper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made abjcoin commerce their respective directors, advisors, executive officers employees acting behalf abjcoin commerce, that are not statements historical fact, constitute ?forward looking statements?. some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such ?aim?, ?target?, ?anticipate?, ?believe?, ?could?,?estimate?, ?expect?, ?if?, ?intend?, ?may?, ?plan?, ?possible?, ?probable?, ?project?, ?should?, ?would?, ?will? other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forward-looking statements. all statements regarding abjcoin commerce financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects the industry which abjcoin commerce are forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements, including but not limited statements abjcoin commerce?s revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed this white paper regarding abjcoin commerce are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements abjcoin commerce materially different from any future results, performance achievements expected, expressed implied such forward-looking statements. these factors include, amongst others: (a) changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries abjcoin commerce conducts its respective operations; (b) the risk that abjcoin commerce may unable execute implement their respective strategies and future plans; (c) changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; (d) changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth abjcoin commerce; (e) changes the availability and fees payable abjcoin commerce connection with their respective businesses and operations; (f) changes the availability and salaries employees who are required abjcoin commerce operate their respective businesses and operations; (g) changes preferences participants abjcoin commerce; (h) changes the future capital needs abjcoin commerce and the availability financing and capital fund such needs; (i) war acts international domestic terrorism; (j) occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters that affect operations abjcoin commerce; (k) other factors beyond the control abjcoin commerce; and (l) any risk and uncertainties associated with abjcoin commerce and its businesses and operations, including the tokens. the abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org abstract welcome the white paper the first feeless ecommerce cryptocurrency, the abjcoin commerce has the potentiality revolutionize the ecommerce eco system, banks and financial sectors. with the innovative business model solution created blockchain, any one possession the abjcoin has bought for his/herself endless opportunity for the nearest future that will guarantee life financial security. accordance our projected road map, the abjcoin commerce project plans positively set the financial and ecommerce eco system the market and labor force. will change how day day transactions are being carried and out. will deliver transparency removing transaction over heads due currency conversions, help avoid potential double spend and real time smart blockchain integrations and processing. the abjcoin commerce envisioned deliver long term value its owners. coin will issued after the ico crowd-sales thereby placing limit, the rest the coin can mined only the community. the abjcoin commerce enabled ecosystem grows, the utility the abjcoin commerce will rise instantly. the intrinsic value the coin bound increase accordingly. definition, ecommerce electronic commerce, the buying and selling products services through the internet. for millions persons, ecommerce something participate daily basis, like online bill payment purchasing from e-tailer. nowadays the thought doing without ecommerce seems almost impossible, complicated and inconvenience many. wasn?t until only few decades ago that the idea ecommerce had even appeared simpler and easy the history ecommerce started years ago and, this day, continues grow with new technologies, innovations, and thousands businesses entering the online market each year. electronic data interchanges and teleshopping the paved the way for the modern day ecommerce store. the history ecommerce closely intertwined with the history the internet. online shopping only became possible when the internet was opened the public amazon.com was one the first ecommerce sites the start selling products online and thousands businesses have followed since. the convenience, safety, and user experience ecommerce have improved exponentially since its inception. the mid-nineties saw major advancements the commercial use the internet. one the first ecommerce sites amazon which launched online bookstore and has grown the largest online retailer the world. brick-and-mortar bookstores the abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org were limited about titles and amazon, being online only store, without physical limitations was able offer exponentially more products the shopper. currently, amazon offers not only books but dvds, cds, downloads, computer software, video games, electronics, apparel, furniture, food, and toys. unique characteristic amazon?s website the user review feature that includes rating scale rate product. customer reviews are now considered the most effective social media tactic for driving sales. the company attracts approximately million customers its u.s. website per month and earned revenue billion amazon.com launched its first mobile commerce site. another the first ecommerce site success stories ebay, online auction site that debuted other retailers like zappos and victoria secret followed suit with online shopping sites; zappos being web only operation. also was the inception yahoo followed google two leading search engines the us. these successful web directories began their own ecommerce subsidiaries with google shopping and yahoo! auction, following years. global ecommerce company, paypal, began its services and currently operates markets. the company acquired bank that performs payment processing for online vendors, auction sites, and other commercial users. they allow their customers send, receive and hold funds currencies worldwide. currently, paypal manages more than million accounts, more than million them active. more and more people began doing business online, need for secure communication and transactions became apparent. the payment card industry security standards council (pci) was formed ensure businesses were meeting compliance with various security requirements. the organization was created for the development, enhancement, storage, dissemination and implementation security standards for account data protection. the growing use the internet, tablet devices, and smart phones coupled with larger consumer confidence will see that ecommerce will continue evolve and expand. with social media growing exponentially recent years, the conversation between businesses and consumers has become more engaging, making easier for transactional exchanges happen online. internet retailers continue strive create better content and realistic shopping experience with technologies like augmented reality. with mobile commerce gaining speed, more users are purchasing from the palm their hand. the market for mobile payments expected quadruple reaching billion value. total sales ecommerce have grown from billion billion and the market size the ecommerce industry estimated trillion. these figures are expected continue its growth for the foreseeable future. however, this transition not hassle free there were lots setbacks and limitation the ecommerce industry were faced with which includes: the abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org product tracking stolen items lost transit and lots more these issues made almost impossible for the ecommerce industry scale through but with the introduction disruptive technologies like blockchain, the ecommerce industry the rise greater ensuring trustless, secured and feeless deliverance. the abjcoin commerce will leverage the disruptive power the blockchain technology solve pertinent problems the ecommerce industry and create viable environments for business strive. the abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org table content what abjcoin----------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- features abjcoin --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- the ico ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- road map------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ the use cases abjcoin--------------------------------------------------------------------------------- team members -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- fund distribution------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ legal aspects/ disclaimer ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- the abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org what abjcoin commerce? abjcoin commerce(abjc) decentralize application blockchain(dapp) disrupting the over trillion e-commerce industry through fee-less and border-less marketplace that facilitate the sales and distribution goods and services across the world smart dapp escrow. the abjcoin dapp provides discount products prices for buyers and also enables anyone sell globally through their mobile phones without payment limitations, while also rewarding abjcoin commerce holders through dapp pos. abjcoin commerce the first blockchain solution that was specifically made for global payment transactions, and financial services. which when integrated banking institutions has potential speed boat transactions and make service delivery more efficient and reduce the difficulty experienced holders when using fiat currency. are the biggest currency shift human history and abjc has the potential become the biggest smart transaction system one the largest economy globally. abjcoin commerce will used better alternative for rendering financial services such buying and selling goods and services between traders and the rest the world. addition existing options, plan make this become global currency for her holders that can exchanged other fiat currencies and altcoins. the abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org live period rapid technological advancements that has shaped how businesses are done and what business means. the upcoming generation will need fast and reliable means transaction. they desire authenticity, security, reliable means buying and selling. this the role abjcoin commerce has come play the economy. features abjcoin commerce blockchain technology blockchain technology decentralized ledger system that transparent, immutable and open for all parties involved transaction have access its data and get notification each time the ledger updated. using cryptography and mathematics, blockchain provides decentralized data base for every transaction involving value which immutable and resistant outages and its authenticity verified the entire community. blockchain has provided trusts between individuals matter the distance between the two parties eliminating third party institutions. blockchain will disrupt some traditional institution because its ground-breaking features which enables anyone with internet connection able participate transaction. one the biggest industries that blockchain based use will disrupt the payment and banking services industries. powered the blockchain technology, transfer value between two parties across decentralized network with little transaction fees. some the features decentralized ledger technology that makes the technology the future include; universal recognition: with the emergence bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, blockchain technology has gained global recognition. lots industries are now adopting it. lots innovative ideas are being worked currently which will hosted the blockchain network. anonymity: the feature makes the blockchain truly decentralized, with checks, this helps protect the people behind the transaction hiding their identity. lower fees and smart contract: this awesome feature makes the transaction the blockchain less expensive and need for third party confirm the transaction. d)transparency: the technology blockchain technology behind the innovation cryptocurrencies like bitcoin makes possible that all parties involved transaction can both monitor and have copy the transaction, hence making decentralized. this feature blockchain further fosters trust and honesty between the sender and the receiver any business transactions carried out. blockchain technology will help industries more efficient, reliable and trusted. indeed, blockchain the future innovation. the abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org blockchain the foundation the abjcoin commerce and the next ?industrial revolution?. decentralized system with enhanced security, simple design and inexpensive operate. the ledger system allows for transactions done with complete accuracy because fusion computer peer-to-peer (pp) technology, cryptography and database systems. the fusion these technologies will lead system that immutable and irreversible, meaning that transactions cannot tampered with when signed and transferred. transactions become final and there double-spending. cryptography utilized for encrypting messages the ledger, but significantly used for signing transactions users and proof these transactions. with cryptography, blockchain does not require supplementary security solutions protect the authenticity transactions. blockchain?s decentralized and nature means that the ledger eliminates the need for data-centre and disaster recovery centre (drc) intermediaries that houses core systems. pow/pos. the abjcoin cryptocurrency that built upon blockchain, which underpinned the consensus mechanism called the proof-of-work (pow)/ proof stake(pos). the pow similar proof-of-stake (pos) with the main difference being that integrates behavior trusted positive for the entire economy, while pos derives importance from the user?s account balance.abj coin major algorithm that proof-of-stake (pos), because does not require large scale computing resources for maintaining the blockchain. the abj coin network emphasizes security and trust-less computing. the abjcoin blockchain run network nodes operating together configuration. the nodes record and verify transactions that are transmitted the network. block time (periodic intervals), these transactions are grouped together and then through hashing process that connects them previous blocks. the network?s participants are anonymous and there restriction their caliber. the new abjcoin commerce blockchain will come with the new pos feature staying date with the new era the blockchain technology. master node with the new abjcoin commerce will come with master node. master node simply cryptocurrency full node computer wallet that keeps the full copy the blockchain real-time, just like your have bitcoin full nodes and always running. some the special functions that these nodes perform are: increasing privacy transactions doing instant transactions participating governance and voting enable budgeting and treasury system crypto the abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org api (application programming interface) the dot-com era saw number startups grow into massive online agencies, disrupting traditional means buying and selling and creating more convenience and flexibility for users. sharing economy services like blockchain are continuing this tradition disrupting industries through convenience and flexibility. abjcoin will continue this tradition disruption the financial industry single hub underpinned the tokens issued through integration with our apis. trade market abj coin major focus provide borderless means payments between nigeria and the rest the world. doing this, abjcoin will provide exchange market where can traded different country?s fiat currencies. intend integrate abjcoin payment processor, this will enhance mass adoption abjcoin among the parties involved the transaction since there ready market where can traded and exchanged fiat currencies. unlike other means cryptocurrency exchange where been traded for bitcoin, abjcoin will provide direct trade access local fiat currencies helping indigenous currencies thrive. the abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org the abjcoin commerce use case the abjcoin will tool national development embraced, will help reduce loss, curb financial irregularities and create transparent ledger system that will make security paramount. are era business and commerce where trust the currency which business models are built on, the centralized system business has not only limited trust but also hindered most exchange goods and services occur which has dwindling effect the economy. payment abjcoin can used for payments goods and service, for e-commerce, online and offline transactions. banking services correspondent banking services; one the major roles the banking institution act intermediary between two parties for the transfer funds either interstate intrastate. most cases, this transition slow and hence affects business, banks will integrate abjcoin api their payment system that builds trust and swift transfer funds, and out the country, will enable quick service delivery. distributed assets trading: can use abjcoin trading and stock exchange but this time, distributed and data are immutable and everyone can see it. export/ import this sector the economy contributes the economy massively but often limited due conversion rates and unseen over-head charges which limits and slows down the movement goods and services. abjcoin will integrated into several e-commerce and trade systems enable nigerians exchange goods and services internationally with abj coin means payment thereby breaking the trade limitations placed fiat. transparency: one the breakthroughs that blockchain technology has brought into the financial system transparency, where parties involved transaction can have the abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org equal access and constantly check it. this has enabled transparent transactions. accordance with our road maps achieving the aforementioned objective, have integrated abjcoin into www.coineasybuy.com e-ecommerce platform which enables nigerians purchase goods from china and the u.s.a using abjcoin means payment, and also sell their goods and paid with abjcoin. smart contracts with the emergence blockchain, contracts can now signed and stored the blockchain and rest assured that the contract will not altered. enhance currency rate with the emergence the abjcoin blockchain, the currency rate will appreciate against other currency providing exchange the official central bank nigeria its trade. serve token abjcoin commerce blockchain through its trading market will serve token for other upcoming other digital assets the abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org legal aspects and disclaimer due the retrospective nature regulatory action, our team can make guarantees regarding the legality the platform launch ico campaign any given jurisdiction. must operate our business accordance with the laws relevant jurisdictions. such, abjcoin may not immediately available certain countries. will keep abjcoin buyers informed based quarterly investment reports. all legal, financial and operational aspects the abjcoin, protocols and associated financial eco systems will coordinated central management team. please also review our terms and conditions before purchasing abjcoin commerce. summary there better way create prosperity and wealth distribution. more people are participating and sharing the new economy, our lives and prosperity can only improve. technologies are reshaping and disrupting the traditional business model. the tiny savings realized each individual particular economic sector will add and utilized other areas such health care, education, etc. abjcoin commerce believes this transformation and poised bridge the gap the sharing economy. the ecommerce industry will safer and efficient abjc adopted. abjcoin commerce structured dynamic way such that betters the ecommerce ecosystem, with abjc powered the disruptive features blockchain, its potentials are limitless and anyone who truly wants create sufficient wealth for him/ her. all the abjcoin commerce roadmap offerings are proven technologies that exist today?s society, but the abjc project uniquely capable bringing all these concepts, technologies and business uses together one offering that will continuously upgraded, and can bring together everyone into inclusive, efficient, more empowered community. this unique opportunity get into some the fastest growing economic segments the world. the abjcoin commerce white paper blockchain solution for global ecommerce www.abjcoin.org