the blockchain game platform for emerging markets alax.io whitepaper february abstract alax mobile game distribution platform based blockchain technology with the intention bringing fresh air the gaming industry around the world. decent and dragonfly join forces bring games everyone including people that are unbanked (over billion according findex) but have access cash and g/lte smartphones. their aim provide platform for content creators and gamers alike. customers will able access the alax store using application built using decent?s library that will provide blockchain functionality. while content providers will have access the alax android sdk allowing them include range features such in-app purchases, rewards and more. hence, consistency secured across all the applications utilizing alax. during the tge alax will generate alx tokens. these tokens can then exchanged for ala tokens, which can used the alax store. they will offered end users via internal exchange using existing reseller network brick and mortar stores and mobile operators. alax?s four architectural layers manage all these tasks. the transaction layer responsible for managing all blockchain transactions between clients, publishers and the alax store. the data layer stores all the content securely and reliably, while the alax store itself provides the basic business logic top the data and transaction layers managing entities available alax. the final layer, the application layer, interface for gamers and game developers. http://www.worldbank.org/en/programs/globalfindex table contents abstract ............................................................................................................................... introduction ......................................................................................................................... market and industry ............................................................................................................ alax blockchain game platform for emerging markets .............................................. utility tokens ................................................................................................................... use cases .......................................................................................................................... architecture....................................................................................................................... token structure ................................................................................................................. token generation event ................................................................................................... roadmap ........................................................................................................................... team ................................................................................................................................. glossary ............................................................................................................................ references ......................................................................................................................... introduction emerging markets have substantial amount unbanked people. according the world bank?s global findex billion adults were unbanked. hence, most them not have access credit and debit cards. however, they have easy access cash and g/lte smartphones. thus, the market constituted mobile game developers and emerging markets residents faces the following challenges: some people not have access credit cards other means payment via banks, but resort paying only cash, their access some services can severely limited. this creates set problems that although they are solvable tend exploited. unbanked end-user wants purchase game from developer, payment intermediary can set high processing fee. since there alternative for both sides, they have accept the terms which can amount the price the game. this means that developer will make lower profit and hence raises the price and the end user has pay more for the app. similarly, the provider has longer time settle the payments the developer which can take months and the developer has choice but wait. http://www.worldbank.org/en/programs/globalfindex market and industry global games market forecast per segment toward source: newzoo update global market report newzoo.com/globalgamesreport the global mobile games market going reach billion this represents almost double compared global games market per device segment with year-on-year growth rates source: newzoo update global market report newzoo.com/globalgamesreport mobile games generated $.b, which constitutes the global market. mobile games revenue southeast asia from (in million u.s. dollars) source: statista media advertising video games gaming southeast asia mobile games revenue https://www.statista.com/statistics//southeast-asia-mobile-games-revenue mobile games revenue south east asia was millions and expected grow billion emerging markets consist countries such thailand, indonesia, india, vietnam, the philippines and some african, latin american and eastern european states. top android app stores china november source: newzoo insights rankings top android app stores china https://newzoo.com/insights/rankings/top--android-app-stores-china google play not available most the android phones bought china. this includes mobile phones from non-chinese brands, such samsung, sony htc. the main players the mobile game and app store ecosystem cover the market. the total cost for the game developer can easily get over the fee charged when publishing mobile games china and emerging markets. this well over the charged google play. http://wnmag.com////publish-mobile-game-china https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/answer/?hl=en vendors' market share smartphone shipments china source: statista technology telecommunications |china smartphone vendor market share shipments https://www.statista.com/statistics//china-smartphone-shipments-vendor-market-share the china smartphone market dominated companies: huawei, xiaomi, apple, vivo and oppo. vivo had global market share the smartphone market oppo had global market share https://www.theverge.com/////china-smartphone-market-stats-android-oem- https://www.statista.com/statistics//global-market-share-held-by-vivo-smartphones/ https://www.statista.com/statistics//global-market-share-held-by-oppo-smartphones/ chinese smartphone brand oppo's shipments worldwide from (in millions) source: statista technology telecommunications oppo shipments worldwide https://www.statista.com/statistics//china-oppo-smartphone-shipment-volume/ vivo had smartphones shipments which constitutes almost -fold increase compared and almost -fold increase compared oppo had smartphones shipments and cumulative number shipments equalling q-q one uses arithmetic mean, this will constitute smartphones shipments https://www.statista.com/statistics//vivo-smartphone-shipments-worldwide https://www.statista.com/statistics//china-oppo-smartphone-shipment-volume/ https://www.statista.com/statistics//oppo-smartphone-shipments-worldwide/ the alax blockchain game platform for emerging markets alax project with intention bring fresh air the gaming industry around the world. the purpose develop and support mobile game distribution platform emerging markets. alax joint venture (jv) decent and dragonfly. about dragonfly dragonfly distribution platform for apps and games, committed serving the global community with special focus emerging markets billion and growing). was established launching push news platform for mobile users, later advancing into mobile gaming development and operations. dragonfly sets offices shanghai, beijing, shenzhen and taipei keep with the demand for its products. from launched paypal payment more than countries and expanded other parts asia, well south america and africa. they've pioneered integrated mobile gaming application marketplace which now reaches more than million active users worldwide. today maintains consumer reach and steady growth with conveniently pre-installed mobile marketplaces their channel partners? devices. (vivo, oppo, huawei, gionee, true, jio, mmx, advan, mito and more.) about decent decent has created innovative and customizable adaptation blockchain technology, called dcore. their blockchain takes advantage the delegated proof stake algorithm for fast, energy efficient transactions with native protocols for file sharing and decentralized storage rewards. this functionality, plus the strong cryptography and trustless transactions native blockchains, will allow dcore revolutionize the way digital items are exchanged worldwide. dcore open source solution for companies looking fast-track their own blockchain-based ideas. https://decent.ch/en/decent-and-dragonfly-to-bring-blockchain-to--million-gamers/ https://decent.ch/ https://dmobi.cn/ utility tokens alax going issue two tokens alx and ala. while the ala token will used directly platform (app-store) pay for content (games and in-app purchases), alx will used acquire ala tokens the one-way alax exchange. ala?s value will pegged fiat and therefore only alx can accessible public exchanges. ala/alx value will set according alx/fiat value major public exchanges. ensure market demand for alx, there will discount ala purchases using alx tokens. use cases ala tokens are going offered end users via internal exchange, existing reseller network (brick and mortar store mobile operators). end users can purchase games use ala for in-app purchases. game developers can request payouts from alax, use received ala tokens reward for end users. this illustrated the following use cases: end user the end user can obtain ala tokens number ways. code card can obtained exchange for cash, the code from the card then paired with the alax app, the tokens are then charged the end user?s account and can exchanged for games in-app content. the other way tokens can obtained through the app itself, either using alx tokens and obtaining bonus using local payment method. game developer after integrating the alax sdk into their app, the developers have number advantages. alax will take care distributing their game through the existing pre-installed channels. after each transaction ala tokens are transferred the developer?s account. the obtained ala tokens can used the developer variety ways: reward for the players motivate them, for marketing purposes can transferred fiat and paid out. reseller there will two types resellers, brick and mortar stores mobile operators and the app itself. brick and mortar stores will receive ala tokens from alax for fixed price which they can add additional fee and then distribute them the end users. the other hand, the reseller the app itself there additional fee but bonus you use alx tokens obtain ala tokens, there also the possibility use local payment method, but that case there bonus. alax alax will issue ala tokens that will not limited number and their value pegged fiat. game developer requests the pay-out their ala tokens then alax pays out the corresponding amount fiat, certain fixed amount will deducted processing fee. architecture underlying blockchain technology game developers would like have precise overview the sales their games and able ensure they are getting fair deal for every purchase. order ensure the transparency between all parties the process purchasing digital content, blockchain good choice. dcore blockchain developed decent digital content oriented blockchain with fundamental support purchase and distribution digital assets such mobile games. moreover, dcore blockchain architecture designed have high transaction speed and the ability process high volume transactions that expected marketplace applications such alax. for content distribution, very important able split revenue fair way between multiple parties involved the development and production digital content. dcore blockchain already has unique build-in feature that supports automatic revenue splitting based predefined rules. the combination these features makes dcore able provide the underlying layer which the alax infrastructure can built on. dcore blockchain uses delegated proof stake (dpos) mechanism order achieve the consensus various nodes the network. delegated proof stake (dpos) one the fastest, most efficient, and most flexible consensus model available. dpos leverages the power stakeholder approval voting resolve consensus issues fair and democratic way. deterministic selection block producers allows dcore decrease the block production time seconds. the principal miners? delegation covered community voters. application layers order provide all features described the use cases, alax consists four basic layers: transaction layer, data layer, alax store and application layer. transaction layer the transaction layer responsible for managing all blockchain transactions between clients, publishers and the alax store. data layer the data layer responsible for storing all content published game developer partners secure and reliable way. alax store the alax store provides basic business logic top the data and transaction layers and provides management entities available the alax service. application layer the application layer interface for consumers and publishing partners (game developers). consumers can access the alax service using web and mobile access. publishing partners are able access the alax store infrastructure using web access where they manage their accounts and publish new mobile content (games). components order secure maximum modularity and scalability, alax composition standalone components. each component encapsulates part the application layers described the previous chapter. transaction alax uses custom alax blockchain transaction component that based top the existing dcore blockchain technology and can leverage all features and operations currently available the decent network. storage all published content securely stored ipfs infrastructure that will provide decentralised storage. content stored ipfs encrypted order ensure that only clients with authorisation have access it. alax store the alax store node.js application that provides interface for client?s applications and handling management entities the application store. the alax store communicates with the transaction service using decent?s javascript library and providing content from the ipfs infrastructure. customer customers access the alax store using web browsers mobile applications. the web application built the react javascript library and uses the decent library that will provide blockchain functionality directly. mobile app part alax, content providers have access the alax android sdk. depending the needs particular project, developers can use some all the features our library the alax blockchain. this will enable developers include features such in-app purchases, rewards, etc. api structure order secure consistency across all the applications utilizing alax, all applications will communicate with the alax protocol via api. token structure the total number tokens ??? alx (one billion alx). alx token structure the following: the alx tokens not dedicated the tges are going locked for months following the tge. token generation event alx are going generated during the alax token generation event (tge). the tge hard cap set eth. the total number alx are going available during the alax tge. this corresponds alx. the initial alx value is: eth alx. the following coins and tokens are accepted during the alax tge for contributions: and more... solely eth value determinant. start the tge planned for tuesday april :am utc. the duration the alax tge days. this means that the tge ends monday, april :am utc. alax tge contributions are going accepted after this date. the alax tge made rounds. first round going last from the beginning the alax tge until alx are distributed. there bonus for the first alx this round. second round starts after the first alx are distributed. there are alx dedicated this round. case not all alx tokens are generated during the alax tge, they are going distributed the existing tge participants according their stakes. tokens will burned. the tge proceedings are going used the following way: alx tokens are going initially erc- tokens. the mainnet launch, they are going replaced dcore based assets. you are interested the private round the tge please visit our website (alax.io) for more information. roadmap the beginning had working proof concept. february released the whitepaper which you are currently reading. march will update our working poc mvp after conducting thorough research and revision the poc. the alax tge will take place april with hard cap eth, there will soft cap and the project will ahead regardless the amount raised. july will testing out the app the final version before releasing it. after the successful tests are concluded the mainnet launched and the store available beta the wider public. the first quarter the alax store will fully operational and launched emerging markets. team matej michalko co-founder blockchain pioneer with years bitcoin, blockchain and cryptocurrency experience. founded and the ceo decent. matej organized china?s first international bitcoin conference and also founded and led many bitcoin, blockchain and cryptocurrency conferences such bitcoinexpo, central european bitcoin expo and btcb congress. matej founded the world?s first bitcoin marketing agency the world. also founded the first cryptocurrency e-gaming consulting firm and served consultant the isle man. kalvin feng co-founder after gaining vast experience working for global foreign companies, kalvin founded kason technology, inc., where gained extensive knowledge r&d, marketing and marketing notebook computers, electronic components and mobile phones. currently serves the ceo dragonfly, company dedicated software, advertising and content development and big data analysis. tomas koprusak project lead with over decade experience web development, marketing and product management sygic, smart media star, ibm, and freelancing well, tomas the perfect team leader oversee the smooth operation any project. david martinec operations manager while aalborg university, david already began delve into the world blockchain and after graduating was ready get hands experience. efficiently used this experience the project manager sophiatx. zuzana gonova manager zuzana started out rep healthcare company and then was whisked away decent impressing them her formidable skills and forwardthinking while bringing sophiatx public awareness. this makes her ideal fit the lead alax. matej nemcek blockchain and backend engineer with matej?s background brilliant backend engineer and his enthusiasm for blockchain technologies, his know-how will perfectly suited for developing the ico platform. founded the first slovak hackerspace progressbar which runs his spare time. peter student solution architect head software development digital agency, leading iot initiatives, those are just few roles that peter has held over his year illustrious career various fields. marian vanderka android developer one the android developers decent expert developing applications number languages such kotlin/java/scala/c++/python and backend frameworks. his developer includes positions companies such sygic, eglu and shizaru. michal grman software developer michal started his career web developer. later when apple announced the iphone switched mobile development, which solely focused until started working for electrolux global connectivity. while there switched the field iot switching from pure mobile full-stack and then cloud development and architecture. gabriel malicky analyst with degree radio-electronics and wireless tech, gabriel decided expand his knowledge include it. with interest cryptography and security currently works analyst decent. ronald filo technical evangelist with over years experience various areas it, ronald uses his extensive knowledge providing the best possible solutions software problems. patrik csokas manager patrik holds multiple internationally recognized certifications, such project management professional and professional scrum master. thanks his knowledge development life-cycles holds the position manager decent. juraj jurik graphic designer juraj has over years experience ux, and graphics design and cites dieter rams, massimo vignelli and jonathan ives among his inspirations. amer owaida copywriter speaking four languages and living five different countries amer overview different cultures and their nuances makes him uniquely equipped handle any writing task you throw him. also holds degree translation and interpretation studies. martin hassler community manager martin has worked different startups and currently one our community managers. his knowledge marketing and business provides him with unique insight when responding our community. veronika pilzova community manager the beloved community manager sophiatx, veronika has ample experience handling vast influx messages, while expertly dishing out just the right amount information her audience. dong seob choi community manager before alax choi was working for dep. samsung electronic slovakia. graduated from the university south korea with degree civil engineering and studied computer design tokyo, japan. choi has been active volunteer for korean society slovakia for years and published magazines and story book korea. karen ohara community manager karen joined alax japanese speaking support team member. she has studied psychology the waseda university tokyo and now she doing postgraduate europe. karen fluent japanese english. marian podmajersky blockchain consultant/engineer with doctorate and vast experience software design and development, and concept proofing applications for blockchain, marian proves extraordinary technical lead for the project. advisors xiaomin wang advisor xiaomin experienced lawyer, engineer and blockchain expert, with years experience the industry. she was part the organization team bitcoinexpo shanghai btcb congress brussels and bitcoinexpo london tomas varga advisor tomas experienced business professional with strong track record projects including four years management consulting kpmg. his responsibilities include business intelligence, development and partnership initiatives. peter pongracz advisor peter seasoned business developer with proven track record big pharma, venture capital and online advertising. passionate blockchain evangelist who strongly believes that blockchain can truly disrupt traditional industries and reinvent the meaning innovation know today. glossary third generation wireless network ala -non-volatile in-store token alx tge token api application programming interface dapp decentralized application dcore proprietary blockchain dpos delegated proof stake fiat currencies such usd, eur, gbp, etc. ipfs interplanetary file system lte long-term evolution wireless network node.js javascript runtime environment code quick response code tge token generation event references http://www.worldbank.org/en/programs/globalfindex http://wnmag.com////publish-mobile-game-china https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/answer/?hl=en https://www.theverge.com/////china-smartphone-market-stats-android-oem- https://www.statista.com/statistics//global-market-share-held-by-vivo-smartphones/ https://www.statista.com/statistics//global-market-share-held-by-oppo-smartphones/ https://www.statista.com/statistics//vivo-smartphone-shipments-worldwide https://www.statista.com/statistics//china-oppo-smartphone-shipment-volume/ https://www.statista.com/statistics//oppo-smartphone-shipments-worldwide/ https://decent.ch/en/decent-and-dragonfly-to-bring-blockchain-to--million-gamers/ https://decent.ch/ https://dmobi.cn/