amlt the token compliance white paper october amlt the token compliance white paper abstract consisting experienced professionals from compliance, aml virtual currency blockchain and tech ecosystems, the coinfirm team came together under the vision bring new level transparency and efficiency that serves the entire blockchain ecosystem, spreads its benefits into the traditional economy and enables the mass market use safely. out that vision the global standard that the coinfirm aml/ctf platform (also referred the ’platform’) was built. now, coinfirm taking the next step bringing effective aml/ctf compliance and allowing for the transparency and democratization the financial system actively involving market participants with amlt. amlt used the coinfirm aml/ctf platform the missing puzzle bring virtual currencies into the mainstream safe, secure and compliant way. helps exchanges, payments processors, financial institutions and all players the financial system manage the regulatory risk related blockchain value transfer. allows network members provide information, rate other market participants and democratically help determine the related risk entities and counterparties using virtual currencies. aml/ctf connected with risk management, not just simply strict laws, rules and regulations follow. there also degree internal assessment needed obliged companies build correct risk management model. amlt helps with compliance innovative way while engaging and providing beneficial participation the users virtual currencies. coinfirm works with world-class partners and clients ranging from major virtual anti-money laundering called: cryptocurrency, digital currency, etc. counter-terrorism financing also amlt the token compliance white paper currency players such dash and rsk leading financial institutions such sei being key link bringing virtual currencies and blockchain the mass market and wider range organizations, coinfirm and amlt helping ensure transparency and safety within the ecosystem, and allowing grow solving one the largest needs, effective compliance and aml procedures. disclosures nothing this paper should constructed investment opportunity. amlt not available prohibited jurisdictions, please refer terms and conditions relating token sale. this paper for informational purposes only and not statements future event. the smart contract owned amlt limited, company established gibraltar with company number: the amlt token sale does not constitute offer securities promotion, invitation solicitation for investment purposes. the terms the contribution are therefore not intended financial services offering document prospectus. the token offering involves and relates the development and use experimental software and technologies that may not come fruition achieve the objectives specified the white paper. the purchase tokens represents high risk any contributor. https://www.dash.org/news/dash-adds-full-support-for-amlkyc-compliance-with- coinfirm/ http://www.nasdaq.com/article/interview-dash-and-coinfirm-on-digital-currencycompliance-partnership-cm http://www.rsk.co/ https://www.ftadviser.com/platforms////sei-explores-blockchain-for-platform/ amlt the token compliance white paper tokens not represent equity, shares, units, royalties rights capital, profit income the network software the entity that issues tokens any other company intellectual property associated with the network any other public private enterprise, corporation, foundation other entity any jurisdiction. the purchaser understands the tokens are solely rights access and purchase products the platform. the purchaser confirms that she engages expects engage meaningful number cryptocurrency transactions, such e-commerce businesses, token exchanges traditional financial institutions, and will use the tokens the platform. the tokens not have any attribute that provides the holder with equity, creditor similar rights and should not considered investments any type. the purchasers should not expect profits any type from acquiring tokens. person entitled rely the content this paper any inferences drawn from it, including relation any interactions with coinfirm limited. the information contained this publication derived from data obtained from sources believed coinfirm reliable and given the good faith, but warranties guarantees, representations are made coinfirm with regard the accuracy, completeness suitability the information presented. should not relied upon, and shall not confer rights remedies upon, you any your employees, creditors, holders securities other equity holders any other person. any opinions expressed reflect the current judgment the authors this paper and not necessarily represent the opinion coinfirm limited. amlt the token compliance white paper neither coinfirm nor its advisors has independently verified any the information, including any forecasts, prospects and projections contained this paper. each recipient rely solely its own knowledge, investigation, judgement and assessment the matters which are the subject this paper and any information provided any plans, projections forecasts mentioned this paper may not achieved due the multiple risk factors including without limitation defects technology, developments, legal regulatory exposure negative changes, market sector volatility, corporate actions the unavailability complete accurate information. amlt the token compliance white paper contents amlt and blockchain ecosystem vision and mission coinfirm value proposition introduction inefficient and troubled market new deal global standard for aml/ctf compliance for blockchain based transactions blockchain the solution for efficient and effective aml/ctf the aml/ctf market and implication blockchain coinfirm aml/ctf platform and amlt coinfirm risk score c-score business overview coinfirm amlt fuel for the coinfirm aml/ctf platform and the transparent ecosystem tokens distribution during crowd sale token crowd sale becoming network member amlt the token compliance white paper amlt for user applications amlt for data collection application roadmap business landscape competition amlt advantage matrix the people behind founders advisors key team members amlt setting the high standard amlt the token compliance white paper amlt and blockchain ecosystem challenge the over billion usd market virtual currencies has problem with access the mass commercial market and traditional banking and struggles with regulatory compliance. studies and industry leaders have shown, effectively addressing regula- tory compliance and especially anti money laundering and counter terrorist financing (aml/ctf) for blockchain and virtual currencies has been massive roadblock and the missing link the traditional commercial and financial sector and their overall mass adoption. countering money laundering and terrorist financing not only legal obligation but also moral one. without prevention and control mechanisms transactions money flows directly illegal business, drug dealers, human traffickers, terrorists weapon traders and puts the entire market and its participants risk. hence the companies dealing with exchange value via blockchain should ensure that they are not either knowingly unknowingly exposed to, party facilitating such high risk transfers counterparties. the lack such basic risk management may pose breach rules for the companies involved. blockchain peer-to-peer system and with all its benefits also brings some risks such counterparty risk that currently mainly mitigated via intermediaries the traditional economy such banks payment transmitters. even when you are accepting virtual currencies your online book-store for example, the funds may come from unknown sources. potentially sources that https://www.theatlas.com/charts/ryuawgsle https://blog.coinbase.com/building-the-bridge-why-compliance-is-key-to-digital- currencys-success-bfddac amlt the token compliance white paper you don’t want exposed and that could put you and your clients partners risk. furthermore, you may know the party you’re dealing with very well, but knowingly not some their blockchain assets could come from people who obtained them from illegal sources which the end makes you associated too. the proper application and execution aml/ctf rules and regulations worldwide challenge that yet solved. the current estimates indicate the traditional system aml enforcement fails the time and less than global illicit financial flows are seized and forfeited the procedures are fairly arbitrary and rather general than specific, i.e. considering all transfers from some countries high risk which helps contribute the issue financial exclusion. the application and execution aml/ctf procedures even more important for virtual currency businesses. growing burden that limiting the speed and scale market growth. operating this new dynamic space requires the application the same standards banks and other financial institutions. however, believe that contrary the banking system though, the process for virtual currencies can largely driven effective data and fairly democratic all participants the ecosystem could deliver input and participate. thanks that could way more accurate, effective and less arbitrary than the traditional systems. therefore, could not only allow for more transparency and efficiency but also open the financial market more participants and promote real financial inclusion. http://thehill.com/blogs/congress-blog/judicial/-in-fight-against-money- laundering-and-terror-finance-the-emperor amlt the token compliance white paper environment virtual currency acceptance continuously increasing, while banks and financial regulators are still unprepared. the market virtual currencies has grown tremendously recent years, not only terms value but also terms services offered and entities involved. banks and financial institutions are not able properly provide services these businesses because they are not able determine and manage the risk related companies operating this space. banks not have efficient and effective tools and processes determine this risk they also can’t provide banking services clients that are accepting virtual currencies. for example, japan has over businesses accepting cryptocurrencies. you can also officially pay some government fees switzerland, catch cab amsterdam shop with major retailers like overstock.com using bitcoin, just name few cases. even leading payment processors all over the world like adyen are accepting virtual currencies yet, the inability properly determine the risk blocks the ability for traditional commercial players from being able safely accept, adopt and benefit from virtual currencies and blockchain. there are new entrants the market that are interested virtual currencies and bearing similar risks without proper tools: virtual currency exchanges and payment processors hedge funds large companies that want improve cash management international transfer entities (financial institutions) internal blockchains/virtual currencies for large groups https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/bitcoin-accepted--japanese-stores-/ http://www.newsbtc.com////adyen-brings-global-payments---million-etsy- sellers/ amlt the token compliance white paper market size costs non-compliance and lost opportunity estimation. for those that are following compliance and regulatory standards, the costs aml/ctf compliance high and will continue increase current solutions and processes are not only ineffective but inefficient and still manual lot ways. financial institutions already spend double digit percentages their labor towards compliance while virtual currency companies are spending even more the cost the compliance for virtual currency businesses can increase over its total time and labor costs when taking systems, reports, training, manual processes etc. into consideration. costs ‘non-compliance’ are even higher not only does limit the ability commercially adoptable across the wider market but may also result the closing the business, paying fines even potential legal ramifications for the business owners. recent examples show that non-compliant businesses can shut down regardless where they operate and the individuals behind them can chased around the world. the risk isn’t only limited payments blockchain. smart contracts blockchains designed exchange value can also taken advantage for money laundering terrorist financing purposes and similarly require proper assessment. this risk will increasing especially for initial coin offerings, token crowd sales, new models that are yet defined. blockchain provides unique opportunity totally redefine and correctly conduct aml/ctf compliance. however, the solution must global platform that solves these problems for the entire ecosystem new, effective and efficient way. the solution must grow with and represent the democratized network https://risk.thomsonreuters.com/en/resources/special-report/cost-compliance-.html http://www.fatf-gafi.org/media/fatf/documents/reports/guidance-rba-virtual- currencies.pdf amlt the token compliance white paper creates and become the ‘back bone’ for the ecosystem, running unnoticeably and smoothly the background. also must democratize strict rules being able show other aspects transactions and entities not only hard, regulatory aml/ctf assessments but also more subjective information. solution the coinfirm aml/ctf platform global standard. solution needed for virtual currency businesses and traditional businesses that accept virtual currencies simply want have exposure it. the end the day, any entity touching virtual currencies operating with them needs apply aml/ctf compliance rules protect themselves, their partners and their clients from potential risks and allow for its commercial growth. any firm that has commercial relationship with virtual currency companies also need understand such risk. businesses intelligence companies such thompson reuters cannot ignore information about what they have their portfolio. any market large the virtual currency market and entities operating within need, analytics and aml/ctf compliance solution for legal, commercial and moral reasons. the market global and growing rapidly and longer ignored big business, financial institutions, criminals, regulators and financial investigation units. the solution here. global platform that solves these problems for the entire ecosystem new, effective and efficient way, that grows with the network creates and becomes the ‘back bone’ for the ecosystem while running unnoticeably the background. the entire ecosystem now has simple and straight https://blog.coinfirm.io/post/when-a-regulator-knocks-managing-virtual-currency-and- financial-crime-risk-in-the-regulated-sector amlt the token compliance white paper forward solution that helps with the compliance for the most sensitive aspect its businesses. coinfirm’s aml/ctf platform has been solving these issues innovative way, with actionable structured data that increases efficiency, reduces costs and streamlines compliance near automation, bringing the ability for mass adoption and redefining aml compliance overall. coinfirm’s goal make aml rules reality and build the global standard for aml/ctf for blockchain applications. the foundation for this standard has been set the coinfirm aml/ctf platform (‘platform’). the moment creating this document the blockchain agnostic platform serves three main blockchains: bitcoin, dash and ethereum, and currently the process integrating other popular blockchains both public and private. due the blockchain agnosticism the platform, the majority public and private blockchains can integrated into the platform within days. now we’re taking the next step further advancing the virtual currency and blockchain ecosystem and coinfirm’s transparent and democratized global network with amlt. missing element that will push the new global ecosystem’s efficiency and transparency forward dedicated token that streamlines processes within and delivers benefits and rewards for its participants. the method for coinfirm aml/ctf platform the token representing the global standard for aml/ctf compliant commercial blockchain transactions, that the blockchain asset for coinfirm’s collaborative network, amlt (access rights) will implemented into already vibrant living network players, providing strong foundation with commercial adoption and use. www.coinfirm.io amlt the token compliance white paper coinfirm select technical metrics and implementations metrics data number queries reports per second size data set sql tables, graph data, raw blockchain number scenarios assessment average time generate report key currencies serviced bitcoin, dash, ethereum; erc and erc tokens team coinfirm’s team consists professionals and entrepreneurs with vast business and compliance experience, supported great tech and blockchain specialists. founders pawel kuskowski: co-founder and ceo pawel aleksander: co-founder and cio grant blaisdell: co-founder and cmo jakub fijolek: co-founder and cto maciej ziólkowski: co-founder ben brophy: delivery director amlt the token compliance white paper advisors pawel tomczuk: chairman the advisory board ruth wandhöfer: blockchain regulatory advisor julian johnson: strategic advisor acknowledgements coinfirm the globally recognized brand both the blockchain/virtual currency and regtech industries with multiple honors and acknowledgments. addition, coinfirm has been featured various articles and studies known and major entities. below there are some examples: nasdaq covering coinfirm: ”regtech for the fintech may the next big thing the bitcoin and blockchain space.” bitcoin magazine covering coinfirm and dash partnership: ”dash and coinfirm digital currency compliance partnership.” the fintech times cover story: ”major european bank pko testing coinfirms blockchain platform.” royal united services institute for defence and security studies virtual currencies and financial crime challenges and opportunities david carlisle: http://www.nasdaq.com/article/regtech-for-fintech-may-be-the-next-big-thing-in-the- bitcoin-and-blockchain-space-cm https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/interview-dash-and-coinfirm-on-digital-currencycompliance-partnership-/ http://thefintechtimes.com/major-european-bank-pko-bp-testing-coinfirms-blockchainplatform/ amlt the token compliance white paper ”virtual currency and financial crime.” financial times: ”regulators move digital tokens after investor scams.” vision and mission coinfirm coinfirm provides network that builds transparent, democratic, effective and compliant virtual currency and blockchain ecosystem. coinfirm’s goal deliver streamlined and effective global standard for aml/ctf compliance decentralized and democratic way where participants can provide aml/ctf/fraud/business/risk ratings whether negative positive. not only providing transparency and democratization the financial system unprecedented way, amlt attached the coinfirm aml/ctf platform serves bridge accommodating new business models and adopting blockchain and virtual currencies. value proposition token that provides access rights the coinfirm aml/ctf platform, amlt allows users purchase reports with substantial discounts, gain exclusive access knowledge, and allows members evaluate market participants and obtain amlt providing data crucial seamless and safe trade. amlt the key that line with coinfirm’s platform provides solutions problems for all participants the ecosystem and creates the foundation for secure, tranparent, democratic and compliant economic system. https://rusi.org/publication/occasional-papers/virtual-currencies-and-financial-crime- challenges-and-opportunities https://www.ft.com/content/b-ec-e--dcba amlt the token compliance white paper users virtual currencies: global standard, central reference and data access point enabling effective and efficient management aml/ctf risk related virtual currencies and blockchain assets, well anti fraud measures; virtual currency exchanges, businesses and payment processors, they are recognized obliged institutions, they must fulfill required standards and procedures. amlt allows effectively streamline and automate aml compliance, reduce costs, risk and commercially acceptable major partners and clients; traditional sectors like banks business intelligence companies: having accepting clients tied virtual currencies pose risks that need understood and managed. delivers global standard, central reference and data access point enabling effective and efficient management aml/ctf risk related virtual currencies and blockchain assets, and allows for virtual currency and blockchain adoption. amlt streamlines, democratizes and decentralizes aml/ctf risk assessment and processes; amlt helps the exchange information between market participants about the risk related users virtual currencies transparent way over and above objective rules arising from rules and regulations. democratization strict rules and risk based approach via amlt means that one can, their aml/ctf risk assessment, make decision the potential risk determined both coinfirm’s platform well the voice other market participants. amlt the token compliance white paper introduction “there fintech without regtech.” regtech has much wider scope influence than fintech solving problems related not only fintech but also much broader range sectors, industries and economic and human elements. our aim enable better, faster, more secure, transparent and effective way transferring value and open entire new world opportunities for the market and individuals. the ecosystem impacted the lack effective and efficient aml/kyc risk management for blockchain transactions covers: companies accepting virtual currencies banks and financial institutions business intelligence companies new ico’s smart contracts new market entrants individuals globally inefficient and troubled market the challenge currently the aml/ctf compliance process very inefficient and costly both the blockchain ecosystem and the traditional financial sector. amlt the token compliance white paper size money laundering said that the money laundering market between billion trillion usd annually and around global domestic product (gdp). this capital that does not reach taxpayer and government services, homes, infrastructure and businesses, but destined reach drug traders, terrorist organizations, human traffickers and other nefarious enterprises building their empires. government national risk assessment money laundering and terrorist financing “money laundering can undermine the integrity and stability financial markets and institutions. global problem. the european commission’s impact assessment the anti-money laundering/counter terrorist financing legislative framework points global criminal proceeds potentially amounting some gdp; around us$ trillion both money laundering itself, and the criminality which drives the need launder money, present significant risk the uk. the laundering proceeds overseas corruption into through the fuels political instability key partner countries. the nca judges that billions pounds suspected proceeds corruption are laundered through the each year. money laundering also key enabler serious and organized crime, the social and economic costs which are estimated billion year.” united nation office drugs and crime (‘unodc’) the foremost international authority and commonly cited entity “criminals, especially drug traffickers, may have laundered around us$ trillion, per cent global gdp, according new report the united nations office drugs and crime (unodc). this figure consis https://www.virtualcurrencyreport.com/wp-content/uploads/sites////uk- nra-october--final-web.pdf amlt the token compliance white paper tent with the per cent range previously established the international monetary fund estimate the scale money-laundering. less than per cent global illicit financial flows currently being seized and frozen, says the report.” global financial integrity illicit financial flows from developing countries “every year, roughly trillion flows illegally out developing and emerging economies due crime, corruption, and tax evasion more than these countries receive foreign direct investment and foreign aid combined(. ).developing and emerging economies lost us$. trillion illicit financial flows from through with illicit outflows increasing average rate per year nearly twice fast global gdp.” money stopped unfortunately, the statistics are not looking well here. from the statistics indicated above, means that only laundered funds have been stopped all efforts applied governments, regulators, banks and businesses. so, laundered funds never make back into the system, but instead reaches the previously mentioned nefarious enterprises. cost compliance massive and expensive efforts have been made improve these numbers and processes banks, financial institutions but also virtual currency businesses are office drugs and crime, ”money laundering and globalization”, https://www.unodc.org/unodc/en/money-laundering/globalization.html http://www.gfintegrity.org/report/illicit-financial-flows-from-developing-countries-/ http://www.gfintegrity.org/press-release/new-study-illicit-financial-flows-in-developingcountries-large-and-persistent/ amlt the token compliance white paper increasing their time and cost expenditures towards these issues. global spending anti-money laundering (aml) compliance set grow more than billion is, therefore, costly but necessary obligation for companies, particularly when confronting the rising threat terrorism and the increasingly sophisticated way which financed, which critical importance the world and its governments. blockchain playing increasingly prevalent role combating money laundering and this will further highlight the commercial advantages for companies that incorporate such regtech and innovation into their aml/ctf procedures. will also help examine the potential concerns from client’s perspective and fact how these issues should addressed before solutions such blockchain gain universal industry approval. according the international financial action task force (fatf) estimated billion annually spent the u.s. alone for implementing aml/ctf regulation processes. the cost disproportionately high smaller countries such mauritius, which has million people with government officials working aml/ctf implementation more aml/ctf bureaucrats than the country has opticians and that’s not counting bank staff who carry out customer investigations and other elements compliance. risk exclusion due high aml/ctf risk banks and financial institution not service enter countries with significant structural problems, political corruption political instability. because this large number innocent people and legitimate businesses are excluded from the financial system. this called the risk exclusion. virtual currencies are great solution here however needs https://www.pwc.com/gx/en/services/advisory/forensics/economic-crime-survey/anti- money-laundering.html http://www.fatf-gafi.org/media/fatf/documents/reports/virtual-currency-keydefinitions-and-potential-aml-cft-risks.pdf https://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/scr//cr.pdf amlt the token compliance white paper applied with care and line with regulations otherwise face repeating the same problem. amlt designed help with these aspects through the use the coinfirm aml/ctf platform, but also building mechanism where participants can collect and share data democratized way. this way one can indicate the network that these counterparties operating high risk countries are trusted and fact low risk and others can, with degree additional analysis and assessment, use this data for their benefit. with such effective and accurate system, entities can judged individually opposed their entire nation region being excluded today. example: company located somalia (high risk) trading with established entity europe and paying virtual currencies. with long record legitimate trade and assessment conducted where political risk exposure was discovered, the entity europe can rate and add data into the network reflecting the legitimacy and stability the somali entity. this way the somali entity receives lower aml/ctf risk rating indicated via coinfirm’s c-score and other european counterparties can rely this information and trade with the somali entity. risk related virtual currencies virtual currencies are characterized non-face-to-face customer relationships, may allow anonymous funding and can exchanged into fiat other virtual currencies. anyone can download the free, open-source software from website send, receive, and store bitcoins and monitor bitcoin transactions. they may also permit anonymous transfers the sender and recipient are not adequately identified. the speed transaction processing virtual currencies presents significant benefit users, although varies according the virtual currency that used. these systems can used make cross-border payments and funds transfers. virtual currencies commonly rely complex infrastructures that involve sev amlt the token compliance white paper eral entities, often spread across several countries, transfer funds realize payments. the difficulties created virtual currencies stem much from the elusiveness the various stakeholders from the international (and extraterritorial) nature both transactions and participants. this particularly the case when the servers and the individuals and legal entities that use them are located non-cooperative countries and territories. virtual currency systems may located jurisdictions that not have suitable aml/ctf regulations. centralized virtual currency systems could complicit money laundering and terrorist financing and intentionally seek out jurisdictions with low aml/ctf regimes. scandals banking sectors that show the lack solution company sanction year country bnp paribas us$ france hsbc us$ great britain commerzbank us$ germany zte us$ china regulatory aspect that cannot ignored government action plan for anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing “this government has done more than any other tackle money laundering and terrorist financing. more assets have been recovered from criminals than ever before, with record recovered and hundreds millions more frozen and put beyond the reach criminals ).” “the remains the largest centre for cross-border banking, accounting for the total global value international bank lending and global https://www.reuters.com/article/us-bnp-paribas-settlement-sentencing/bnp-paribas- sentenced-in---billion-accord-over-sanctions-violations-iduskbnnmk amlt the token compliance white paper foreign exchange trading. the size the uk’s financial and professional services sector, our open economy, and the attractiveness the london property market overseas investors makes the unusually exposed international money laundering risks. substantial sums from crimes committed overseas are laundered through the uk. there definitive measure the scale money laundering, but the best available international estimate amounts laundered globally would equivalent some global gdp us$. trillion ).” what’s the solution? it’s blockchain. it’s coinfirm aml/ctf platform. amlt. new deal global standard for aml/ctf compliance for blockchain based transactions due its characteristics, blockchain, especially public blockchains, are perfect for regtech and aml/ctf compliance solutions they deliver the ultimate level data trust and transparency. evident that increasingly digital commercial landscape, the role that solutions such blockchain will play facilitating aml/ctf procedures inevitability rather than possibility. the efficiency and transparency with which discrepancies concerning client data can detected should commended and supported consistent scandals and highlights inefficiency action plan for anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist finance tresury, april amlt the token compliance white paper the current ecosystem shows. the recent alleged involvement major banks such hsbc, rbs and barclays russian scandal concerning the movement approximately highlights that any fintech developments that can help expose other crimes similar nature should endorsed. however, convincing more cautious companies engage with this technology, with the knowledge that their sensitive transactional information distributed openly, major challenge. finally, whilst there are hundreds different blockchain networks, protocols and virtual currencies available, the benefits blockchain are partially undermined until standardization can achieved different networks will not able communicate with each other simultaneously. though perhaps idealistic, achieving standardization and resolving privacy concerns will key blockchain’s long term success. how can coinfirm build this world differently for virtual currencies with exchange value public blockchain where coinfirm can access public ledgers and analyze them? how would blockchain impact money laundering? blockchain the solution for efficient and effective aml/ctf global standard the decentralized nature blockchain and virtual currencies implies that user and transaction records may held many different jurisdictions, some which may not have adequate aml/ctf controls, making difficult for regulators and law enforcement access them. furthermore, impractical assign responsibility one particular jurisdiction blockchain transactions can pass through dozens jurisdictions seconds and cannot blocked overseen. therefore, the only effective approach aml/ctf for https://www.theguardian.com/world//mar//british-banks-handled-vast-sums-of- laundered-russian-money amlt the token compliance white paper blockchain and virtual currencies must global standard central reference and data access point, operating across all jurisdictions and without significant entry barriers. self-sustaining system peer peer value transfers, design there central authority that could provide effective aml/ctf coverage and remove the risk from network members. therefore, the effective approach aml/ctf for blockchain and virtual currencies must interact with users the ecosystem real-time and engage them collaborative data collection and transaction counterparty verification, easy and automated way, without putting additional effort users. easy use data access point the effective aml/ctf system for blockchain applications must able provide structured, actionable data blockchain, virtual currency transactions and transaction counterparties, with associated money laundering risk, fraud, noncompliance and financial performance. must easy integrate solution for both public and private blockchains, that turns compliance into automated, efficient and reliable process. easy deploy traditional sectors blockchain technology conjunction with coinfirm’s solution, creates near automated system, truly capable separating illicit funds from circulation significantly more effectively and the fragment the cost. utilizing decentralized oversight and creating specific environment interactions between users, creates effective infrastructure unachievable for traditional centralized financial systems. this enormous added value aml compliant blockchain solution must easily deployable within traditional sectors like banks and financial institutions well. commercial and mass adoption and social impact coinfirm builds the standard for the mass adoption blockchain and virtual currencies for the https://blog.coinfirm.io/post/sei-teams-up-with-coinfirm-to-create-new-standard-for-uk- asset-transfers amlt the token compliance white paper benefit all allowing blockchain transaction systems safely adoptable. coinfirm creates ecosystem that promotes the engagement individual users and entities addressing major roadblock the way the mass adoption compliance. the solution should powerful enough create the movement towards financial inclusion those who were unjustifiably excluded faulty compliance solutions the current financial system. the platform decrypts and analyzes data from blockchains real time. the data collected from blockchains include: transaction hash and type (e.g. single/multiple input and output, single/multiple signature) transaction input and output blockchain addresses transaction value balance funds blockchain addresses transaction timestamp fee size and message address cluster information about the node that approved the transaction and more. the aml/ctf market and implication blockchain all transactions performed public permissioned (private) blockchains could distributed among companies, users, banks and other financial institutions, and would create secure, accessible ledger all transactions; amlt the token compliance white paper all transactions could then processed instantly unlimited amounts permissioned blockchain; this would increase the efficiency and effectiveness processing transactions far more easily and real-time than using swift; all transactions would registered the blockchain with timestamp information about the recipient, the sender, the costs and the amounts involved; the data registered the blockchain immutable, and can never changed, making fully auditable; privacy protected, access blockchain information limited and only available those permissioned access that particular record; suspicious activity reports (sars) and related sanctions monitoring could automated, removing the overhead and obligation the banks and other financial institutions this onerous activity; estimates believe that more the costs aml/ctf compliance could removed through this process result. coinfirm aml/ctf platform and amlt the coinfirm aml/ctf platform serves foundation for the safe adoption and use blockchain. the platform uses over proprietary algorithms and big data analysis provide structured actionable data that increases efficiency, reduces costs and streamlines compliance near automation. the blockchain agnostic platform benefits not only companies operating around blockchain but also major financial institutions, asset management and companies. already being used many players both the blockchain and traditional economy, chris skinner’s blog: https://thefinanser.com///laundering-service-bank- usp.html/ amlt the token compliance white paper the coinfirm aml/ctf platform continues not only solve problems for the blockchain industry but allows adoptable within the traditional economy. the distributed economy, tokens are the core project. since presenting amlt coinfirm’s partners and potential users there have been many interesting conversations about creating tokens that harness the full power the distributed business model. well-designed token increases value along with the growth its network and incentivizes the community and early adopters use, participate, spread and evangelize the platform represents. amlt represents added value and distributed among the participants network members who receive amlt exchange for data provided the coinfirm aml/ctf platform. for network members, amlt powers the interactions the platform and allows them provide information the network for the benefit themselves and transparency other participants. bitcoin the petrol that makes the car run then amlt the motor oil that keeps blockchain assets running smoothly. the data collected from the blockchains are complemented with data from the following actors the coinfirm ecosystem: clients, partners and authorities data about blockchain transactions external platforms and services provided either automatically (through api’s) packages our clients and partners such virtual currency exchanges and business intelligence companies. such model allows for unparalleled transparency and for coinfirm have ultraeffective service for coinfirm’s clients and semi-automated development products and services along with the expansion cooperating entities. platform users the platform developed with the aim creating interaction the ecosystem and providing users incentives part the ecosystem and provide information and evidence blockchain trans- amlt the token compliance white paper actions and suspicious addresses. post amlt launch network members, who are users amlt and the platform that meet certain criteria defined smart contract, will create the entire new and effective global ecosystem for data collection and validation see details further parts this white paper. the data collected from blockchains further perfected with data collected from external resources. for this purpose, coinfirm has developed set advanced tools, including crawlers, scrapers and internal department skilled data researchers and analysts. external data sources include: clearnet (internet) coinfirm harvests data from websites, forums (reddit.com, bitcointalk.org, etc.), blockchain explorers (blockchain.info, walletexplorer.com, etc.) and more. deep web coinfirm collects information about blockchain addresses and transactions used for illicit activities tor, freenet, ip, darknet markets and more. data leaks coinfirm monitors and harvests all relevant data leaks and indexes them for blockchain addresses and transactions. tracking own funds set proprietary analysis methods and tools for semi-automated identification blockchain addresses. network nodes set proprietary analysis methods and tools for acquiring information from network nodes. the collected data further processed thorough several categories big data analyses: data merge and fuzzy matching algorithms devoted match the data from blockchains with the data collected from other sources, through amlt the token compliance white paper either one-to-one matching with assumption probability fuzzy matching. transactions/addresses flagging flags indicating risks other attributes are assigned addresses and transactions result merging blockchain data with data from other resources well based our transaction patterns analysis algorithms. for example, flag for drug trade relation assigned address the address was found used drug trade darknet market. the flag may automatically further propagated subsequent transactions depending certain circumstances and analysis. paths, proximity and density analyses coinfirm uses graph databases recognize transaction patterns such specific paths, and relation flagged addresses graph structures. addresses and transactions involved specific patterns are appropriately flagged. behavioral analyses coinfirm’s algorithms look for transaction patterns and characteristics that represent certain user profile, for example high risk users, such long-term accumulation funds use complex transactions order layer the track funds. clustering analyses set algorithms aimed recognize and group addresses and transactions belonging one user. the diagram below shows the data collection and analysis within the coinfirm aml/cft platform: amlt the token compliance white paper once processed, the data subsequently provided platform users the form structured reports actionable data sets pulled through the platform’s api. both scenarios data structured way that enables streamlining compliance and automation the decision-making process for users. the exact content the data can also customized for select users. select data available for free order expand coinfirm’s ecosystem, allow access such tools for all and facilitate the mass adoption blockchain. the following structured data currently available the coinfirm aml/ctf risk reports: c-score coinfirm risk score that numbered between and and reflects the level money laundering, fraud compliance risk. coinfirm risk rating the reflection the above mentioned c-score either low, medium high-risk rating. coinfirm recommendation coinfirm’s transaction recommendation, e.g. transact freely, transact with caution, not transact. entity name identified virtual currency addresses connected legal commercial entities e.g. bitstamp. amlt the token compliance white paper profile information about the type entity (e.g. exchange, payment processor, wallet, gambling service etc.) and profile characteristics (e.g. extensive user, trader, miner, mixer etc.) based behavioral and identification analysis. over profiles are currently available. risk indicators over scenarios that the address/user assessed against, including: use darknet markets, terrorist financing, crime and cybercrime, tax evasion, industry risk, layering track funds, behavioral characteristics, country risk. financial activity data sets financial activity, status, and cash-flow indicators and charts, for example: list identified addresses the user, timestamps and value first and last transaction, funds balance history, average transaction value, number transactions, turnover and many more. whitelist yes/no information whether the user listed coinfirm trusted party (e.g. exchange with good reputation). multiple other data sets are available upon further client’s needs discovery and development. coinfirm risk score c-score the c-score internal risk rating indicator expressing the level money laundering, fraud and compliance risk associated with counterparties blockchain transactions. each blockchain address group addresses identified belonging the same user assigned with c-score, where the higher score reflects higher risk. here coinfirm presents only the highlights how c-score generated. the overall process depicted the diagram below: amlt the token compliance white paper coinfirm uses system flags assigned blockchain addresses holders (payment processors). flags carry the value (usually binary true false, however other types variables may used) resulting from events related blockchain addresses and users. for example, binary flag “terrorism financing” assigned blockchain address case was found donation address terrorist organization. some flags are assigned manually and others result from automated processing automated propagation already existing flags. flags are automatically transposed into the risk indicators, each representing specified, defined risk associated with blockchain address its user (multiple risk indicators can assigned one address user). coinfirm’s aml/ctf model currently utilizes hundreds risk indicators grouped few categories: criminal illicit activity, cybercrime, industry, service and occupation, etc. coinfirm’s model consists risk indicators typical for traditional aml/ctf systems used financial institutions well blockchain specific ones. below there are two examples distinguishing between the two mentioned types risk indicators: example (risk indicator typical for traditional aml/ctf systems): address related terrorism financing: “this risk indicator increases the risk assessment the evaluated blockchain address when: the evaluated blockchain address was found reported together with evidence credible indication that may involved terrorism financing; amlt the token compliance white paper the evaluated blockchain address discovered through data analysis being used terrorism financing; terrorism financing refers activities that provides financing financial support individual terrorism terrorist groups. for example: the evaluated blockchain address was found the website terrorist organization and was referred donation address.” example (risk indicator specific for blockchain applications): address with incoming transactions passing significant fees miners: “this risk indicator increases the risk assessment the evaluated blockchain address when: the evaluated blockchain address receives funds one more transactions, which are executed with transaction fee causing the passing significant funds mining addresses (transaction fee amount fee/kb transaction size significantly greater then network average the time transaction); illicit funds are frequently distributed the form inflated transaction fees blockchain addresses functioning miner addresses but owned author the transaction; due the nature blockchain protocol, funds passed the form transaction fee rather than regular blockchain transaction are more difficult traced; mining addresses are blockchain addresses owned miners, who are responsible for sustaining the process adding transaction records the blockchain ledger; miners receive remuneration their mining addresses the form transaction fees and newly created coins tokens for providing computing storage resources required for confirmation transactions the blockchain network storing the copy the ledger. amlt the token compliance white paper for example: the transactions outgoing from the evaluated blockchain address are executed with transaction fees set the equivalent several thousand usd, while the actual transaction value minor value.” each risk indicator carries risk severity score, which the number from reflecting the level risk represented this risk indicator. the final c-score translates into risk evaluation that can take three forms: low risk (;), medium risk (;) and high risk (;), which translate respectively into the following recommendations: “transact freely”, “transact with caution:” and “do not transact”. the c-score can decreased the case the address user has been whitelisted will rated well network members using amlt. order become whitelisted, the applicant should contact coinfirm order pass kyc process and prove the ownership the blockchain addresses. currently the whitelist assumes maximum decrease the c-score points and applies the case when the original evaluation not high risk. select flags are automatically transposed into profiles, each representing specific characteristics industries related the blockchain address user(multiple profiles can assigned one address user). profiles not carry the risk severity score and therefore not impact the c-score, all adverse profiles (e.g., mixer, gambling service, charity, inactive user) have corresponding risk indicators that carry the risk evaluation. business overview coinfirm coinfirm global regtech enterprise focused aml/ctf for blockchain that functioning under the based legal entity, coinfirm ltd, and its subsidiaries. the management the company consists recognized leaders and professionals from aml, compliance, anti-fraud and blockchain industries. amlt the token compliance white paper the coinfirm aml/ctf platform, along with its paying clients, partnering companies, corporates, banks, financial institutions, and users, creates ecosystem aimed build the transparent, new era finance and foundation for the mass adoption blockchain and virtual currencies. coinfirm brings highly efficient aml/ctf solutions into public and private blockchains and further implementation aml/ctf compliant blockchain technology the global financial industry. below are listed key partners and/or clients coinfirm and services provided them: amlt the token compliance white paper selected clients and partners scope cooperation dash integration dash blockchain into the coinfirm aml/ctf platform for dash commercial users; first ever partnership between top virtual currency and business enterprise; registration and authentication documents, files and data with the use the dash blockchain via coinfirm’s trudatum solution for financial institutions, corporates, governments and sme’s. the largest central european supporting compliance and security bank with the coinfirm trudatum solution devoted the registration documents, files and data. big company fraud investigations and address analysis/tracking. government asian country in-depth aml/ctf reports select blockchain entities. leading central european virtual preparation aml/ctf policies currency exchange and procedures; access the coinfirm aml/ctf platform through api. amlt the token compliance white paper selected clients and partners scope cooperation leading balkan virtual currency preparation the aml/ctf poli- exchange cies and procedures; access the coinfirm aml/ctf platform through api. leading blockchain remittance access the coinfirm aml/ctf company platform through api leading blockchain gambling integration ethereum blockchain lottery with the coinfirm aml/ctf platform; access the coinfirm aml/ctf platform through api amlt fuel for the coinfirm aml/ctf platform and the transparent ecosystem although the coinfirm aml/ctf platform accepts payments fiat and other cryptocurrencies, intended that activity the platform will eventually performed primarily using amlt and all purchases aml risk reports will performed using amlt. the principal purpose amlt therefore operate ‘in-app token’ and ‘access token’ that grants users access the coinfirm platform and the services provided therein. amlt will also offer discounts fees charged within the coinfirm aml/ctf platform. another feature amlt that the reward for network members who contribute their services the ecosystem providing identification and verification information (such for information regarding public keys used transactions with counterparties) and fulfilling certain other criteria that will amlt the token compliance white paper give them the status ‘network member’. users amlt will become important and active part building the transparent new era finance and foundation for the mass adoption blockchain and virtual currencies. the interactions between amlt users will move the economy towards transparency and financial inclusion good actors and exclusion bad ones with precision beyond the reach the current financial system which individuals unjustifiably suffer from financial exclusion. amlt was designed activate and used not only blockchain related entities but also entire scope actors from traditional sectors, including for example: large commercial companies, banks and financial institutions, some which are already coinfirm’s clients and partners. this shows the flow amlt the coinfirm aml/ctf platform. tokens distribution during crowd sale tokens available public launch: data rewards pool for network members: (distributed monthly the smart contract) amlt the token compliance white paper consultants/advisors: ambassadors/referrals: founding team: (with lockup period) dev team and bonuses: (with lockup period) foundation/charity: total amlt tokens generated smart contract: token crowd sale participant who wants purchase amlt during the token crowd sale needs pass through the onboarding procedure after transferring eth the amlt crowd sale address. the participant needs provide for the compliance evaluation participant’s profile and identity data and participant’s ethereum address from which the payment for amlt supposed made. case the participant does not provide all data required onboarding process until amlt crowd sale timeout, providing this data would still possible within weeks after the crowd sale, the documents will verified within maximum weeks after the crowd sale. only the participant provides all the data required the onboarding process time and the participant’s compliance evaluation results are within the acceptable risk limit, the amlt will paid out participant’s ethereum address. otherwise eth paid will returned. amlt tokens will released participants weeks after the amlt crowd sale. case the compliance evaluation will result high risk score, the participant’s ethereum address may flagged such the coinfirm aml/ctf platform. amlt the token compliance white paper purchase amlt during token crowd sale becoming network member participant who wants become amlt network member and become compliant, active part the ecosystem needs pass the onboarding procedure described point above. the participant’s compliance evaluation results are within the acceptable risk limit, the participant obtains the status amlt user coinfirm aml/ctf platform. the status amlt user entitles the participant use amlt coinfirm’s aml/ctf platform. the participant’s compliance evaluation results are within the acceptable risk limit and the amlt balance the participant’s ethereum address meets the minimum balance, the participant obtains the status network member. once network member the participant can actively engaged the network, receive full benefits and obtain amlt for network contribution. the participant’s compliance evaluation exceeds the acceptable risk limit, any unsettled participant funds are returned and the participant’s ethereum address may appropriately flagged coinfirm aml platform till receiving proper explanation evidence from the participant. amlt the token compliance white paper the following diagram depicts the process acquiring the status network member: amlt circulation are constantly monitored terms aml/ctf risks the coinfirm aml/ctf platform. only amlt that were not identified aml high risk and those traded exchanges with kyc processes may used the coinfirm aml/ctf platform. amlt for user applications amlt was designed activate and used not only blockchain related entities but also the entire scope actors from the traditional sector, including for example: companies, banks and financial institutions, legal entities and governments, some which are already coinfirm’s clients and partners. users who want purchase amlt and become compliant, active part the ecosystem, need pass through the aml/ctf and kyc check. the user provides his/her profile and identity data well the token address devoted hold amlt. the user’s token address verified the coinfirm aml/ctf platform against suspicious transactions and the user’s identity data passes through standard kyc checks, e.g. appearance sanctions lists. the evaluation result indicates low risk, the user obtains status qualified user and his token address put the smart contract whitelist. the there are many sanctions lists, the most important include un, usa and fatf lists e.g. https://www.un.org/sc/suborg/en/sanctions/un-sc-consolidated-list amlt the token compliance white paper qualified user entitled purchase amlt during the token crowd sale and use them for purchasing services the coinfirm aml/ctf platform. the amlt balance the user’s token address meets the minimum balance set the smart contract, the user obtains the status network member. network members are the key pillars the amlt ecosystem and are entitled multiple benefits, including: spend services provided coinfirm’s aml/ctf platform can purchased with substantial discounts with the use amlt and even more network members when paid with amlt. these services will include aml risk reports, available through our api, pdf web format and their prices will nominated usd other major fiat currency. hold network members will gain access the knowledge pool the wide database materials aml for blockchain and virtual currencies, this includes: articles, webinars, guidance aml/ctf, exemplary aml policies, procedures and risk matrixes. this toolkit essential part for any entity that wants effectively manage aml risk blockchain transactions. market unique and can substantially decrease aml expenses for both small entities and large corporates. get rewards network members will entitled obtain extra tokens coming from amlt monthly distribution (periodic supply newly created tokens, driven token protocol), for providing specified data the amlt network. this data includes blockchain addresses with assigned data such profile data, risk indications, evidence, urls. for example, the network member may report donation address specific scam service with supporting website address and pdf print screen. once the provided data validated our team, the token addresses network members who uploaded validated data are added the payout list and amlt monthly distribution amount distributed between network amlt the token compliance white paper members that provided validated data. the provided and anonymized data would then made public for the sake transparency and fair treatment network members. network members will need comply with the requirements terms participation, expressing the good will and terms participation the amlt network, which would include: providing transparent and quality information; taking defamatory action against other amlt users; being diligent with aml/kyc obligations. description functionalities access the coinfirm aml/ctf platform and its services (basic report, c-score, standard report, and enterprise report); access exclusive knowledge pool including exclusive trainings, webinars, articles, guidance aml/ctf compliance but also applicable example policies, procedures and risk matrix’s; possibility being rewarded amlt for contributing data virtual currency addresses the coinfirm aml/ctf platform. certain benefits are exclusively available network members. the following characteristics are required become the network member: hold amlt; provides identification and verification information for aml/ctf/kyc requirements; amlt the token compliance white paper install coinfirm’s wallet; provide their ip. benefits only available the network members: discount for services the coinfirm aml/ctf platform; access the exclusive knowledge pool the coinfirm aml/ctf platform; possibility being rewarded amlt for contributing data virtual currency addresses the coinfirm aml/ctf platform. amlt for data collection application intended that certain benefits will only available network members, who will required hold certain amount amlt, primarily the form (i) access rewards amlt for their contribution the coinfirm platform and (ii) access aml/ctf training resources and/or services known the ‘knowledge pool’. rewards may earned and paid out the form amlt for users the coinfirm platform that qualify network members. qualification network member include: hold least amlt (fifty thousand amlt) agree and perform line with the coinfirm terms and conditions network members approved for the purpose aml/kyc process rewards the network members shall provided the basis information provided coinfirm. data reward pool for network members shall dis- amlt the token compliance white paper tributed the basis percentage quality data versus the total number data provided the network. example: network member provided information about address and the network provided information addresses total than this network member receive data reward pool available this month. the quality data will assessed coinfirm’s team. the monthly amount amlt within the data reward pool for network members starts with amlt and shall lowered every month with percent. terms participation will based the good will and signing for the rules usage the system. general reference shall specify: commit provide the most transparent and accurate information possible, take defamatory action against other participants the market via amlt, disclose relevant information immediately, and diligent aml/kyc obligations.” roadmap pre amlt: coinfirm aml/ctf platform already provides aml/ctf solutions for the virtual currency ecosystem with global clients and partners ranging from some the largest virtual currencies major business intelligence companies and financial institutions. the system can accessed online via api. the easily adoptable and user friendly platform allows users complete their aml/ctf compliance model with transaction monitoring. the coinfirm aml/ctf blockchain agnostic and currently provides services for bitcoin, dash, and ethereum. amlt: amlt becomes the fully transparent access token the coinfirm aml/ctf platform and network where order fully use the amlt the token compliance white paper platform, buy report access the api discounted rates and access the knowledge pool with exclusive webinars, trainings, articles, draft policies, procedures, risk matrix’s aml/ctf, amlt and the status qualified user network member required. amlt: amlt wallet integrated with the coinfirm aml/ctf platform. network members that went through the identification and verification process the coinfirm aml/ctf platform, obtained approval for white label address and hold the minimum amount amlt required are able provide information the platform about virtual currency addresses (their own and others) exchange for participation the monthly distribution amlt generated the smart contract. the contributions will valued, and transactions will calculated based the value the reported information. this will allow for full user privacy well decentralized audit trail for users ensure they received the correct payments for their input into the amlt network. business landscape coinfirm welcomes competition. there room for more than one. big data big business. worldwide revenues for big data analytics are forecast exceed billion rising more than billion competition elliptic engaged the identification illicit activity the bitcoin blockchain and provide their services the leading bitcoin companies and law enforce royal united services institute for defence and security studies; occasional paper; big data and policing assessment law enforcement requirements, expectations and priorities alexander babuta https://www.elliptic.co/ amlt the token compliance white paper ment agencies. according the publicly available resources elliptic focuses fraud examinations and provides services related bitcoin’s blockchain only. coinfirm has not identified any indication about elliptic providing streamlined aml/ctf related services. chainalysis advertises itself leading provider aml/ctf software for bitcoin, working with global financial institutions and europol. chainalysis provides data analysis, visualization and actionable intelligence protect the integrity the financial system. according publicly available resources chainalysis focuses the development data analysis tools for bitcoin’s blockchain only. coinfirm has not found that chainalysis would provide automated, structured aml/ctf risk reports. scorechain presents its profile provider bitcoin analytics platform, allowing companies implement regulatory compliance procedures for bitcoin activities, forensic investigations and also enhance bitcoin companies customer engagement. according publicly available resources scorechain provides streamlined reports the risk counterparties bitcoin transactions only. coinfirm has not identified that scorechain reports would devoted specifically address aml/ctf risks. amlt advantage matrix present ecosystem coinfirm aml advantages for blockchain industry https://www.chainalysis.com/ https://www.scorechain.com/ amlt the token compliance lack global standard white paper for setting global standard, refer- aml/ctf coverage for blockchain. ence and data access point enabling effective and efficient management aml/ctf risk related blockchain transactions. aml related solutions truly uti- first mover advantage the first lizing the decentralized power aml related blockchain based token blockchain and blockchain based to- and ecosystem, designed become kens. global standard for aml and deliver open democracy and financial inclusion the global financial system. solution devoted specifically end end aml risk manage- address the blockchain market ment, including streamlined, action- needs compliance with aml able aml risk reports and aml re- regulations. lated bespoke services. only very limited number project experts aml and compliance globally are engaged the development aml, compliance, anti-fraud and solutions for blockchain. blockchain technology. currently effective solution end end aml risk manage- devoted specifically address the ment, including streamlined, action- blockchain market needs able aml risk reports and aml re- compliance with aml regulations. lated bespoke services. currently solution address blockchain agnostic with the aim the aml risks related support all major public and pri- blockchains other than bitcoin. vate blockchains; currently support- backed network recognized leaders ing bitcoin, dash and ethereum blockchains. amlt the token compliance white paper effective system allowing banks solution easily adoptable banks and financial institutions accept and financial institutions, provid- clients using blockchain ing them with constant oversight transactions. blockchain transactions their clients. advantages for current financial ecosystem extremely ineffective aml enables effectiveness beyond the solutions only reach traditional financial system. laundered funds discovered. extremely costly billion enables saving billions due au- annually tomation and standardization aml centralized hands enables involvement entire soci- regulators and financial institutions eties the identification and reporting suspicious transactions, creating sort democratic financial exclusion poor and enables selective financial inclusion sanctioned countries entities and individuals, regardless geographical location duplication efforts encrypted client details and analyses can distributed all financial institutions near real time difficult auditability full and automated auditability, incontestable authenticity, ownership and timestamp data and aml analyses results amlt the token compliance white paper the people behind our project and team constantly growing. currently coinfirm group over recognized leaders and professionals, projected grow few times the next half year. founders pawel kuskowski, ceo, co-founder entrepreneur, aml/ctf and recognized compliance advisor. former head global aml/ctf processes major financial institutions such rbs, pawel specialist compliance and anti-money-laundering with extensive experience conducting global projects for international financial institutions and cooperating with supervisory authorities. also the chairman the compliance association poland. pawel aleksander, cio, co-founder one the more recognizable fraud prevention experts central europe. former head fraud investigations arcelormittal, aml/ctf project manager the royal bank scotland and fraud investigator and auditor ernst young. pawel holds the titles certified fraud examiner and certified internal auditor. has conducted numerous fraud and in-depth aml/ctf investigations blockchain industry. jakub fijolek, cto, co-founder innovative and security specialist, jakub has been analyzing and developing around blockchain, virtual currencies and their applications since jakub the former head multi-algorithm virtual currency mining farms with vast experience attacking, testing and creating the security systems around blockchain. grant blaisdell, cmo, co-founder creating models and ventures around tech and new media since his teens, grant has been engrained visionary both california and european startup ecosystems. whether through his own amlt the token compliance white paper projects working with major companies, grant has been pushing progress the clash tech and culture. maciej ziólkowski, co-founder international pioneering virtual currency adopter. maciej has been involved the bitcoin and blockchain space since the early stages. recognized author and speaker the subject and co-founded the first bitcoin establishment its kind europe. ben brophy, delivery director one the creators blockchain movement around the financial area, ben built and led the entiq blockchain lab, the ceo blocklab and the former head the innovation hub for royal bank scotland. advisors pawel tomczuk, chairman the advisory board ceo jpgh associates, entrepreneur, founder ciszewski financial communications (successfully sold publicis groupe ‘), investor advisor the board numerous tech businesses across fintech, digital media and data. mentor techstars, startupbootcamp fintech insurtech, startup grind and london tech advocate. ruth wandhöfer, blockchain regulatory advisor global managing director compliance market strategy citibank, regulatory and fintech expert and one the foremost authorities banking regulatory matters, ruth recognized global leader the compliance space and chairs number influential industry bodies. julian johnson, strategic advisor ceo mainsheet ventures with years experience the technology market and global sales executive roles oracle, siebel, sap, microsoft and salesforce. julian has implemented major systems around the world and built extensive career spanning several indus- amlt the token compliance white paper tries, including financial services, public sector, telecommunications and media, utilities and energy. key team members robert ciurkot coo coinfirm krzysztof król product owner marcin rabenda product owner beata wiśnicka senior aml analyst pylip radionov c++ developer sebastian gruza java developer bartosz ziȩba developer magdalena poprzeczko executive assistant maksymilian jaworski data base administrator lukasz kranc frontend developer filip wieczyński business developer amlt setting the high standard clear and feasible idea amlt attached coinfirm’s automated aml/ctf compliance platform used assess risk and fulfill regulatory obligations for blockchain transactions. amlt delivers streamlined compliance discounted price for its holders and network members amlt the token compliance white paper team with track record the coinfirm team has built recognized brand, aml/ctf platform and portfolio clients and partners ranging from big’s and financial institutions the major virtual currencies. team members include compliance and regulatory leaders for major financial institutions, virtual currency experts and blockchain technologists. solid white paper drafted the coinfirm team and reviewed external experts, the white paper also externally audited. audited token the smart contract and token will audited and tested. realistic milestones create transparent and mutually beneficial compliant blockchain ecosystem while becoming the global aml/ctf standard. safety funds and compliance with aml/ctf and kyc regulations escrow will implemented for least the funds. aml/ctf and compliance will transparently run through the coinfirm platform (each amlt holder will rated) with other elements outsourced trusted third party provider. responsible antibug approach regular checks well generous bug bounty policy.