xcert protocol whitepaper authors: kristijan sedlak, jure zih, mitja pirc, urban osvald date: july th, version: xcert whitepaper this version and its contents are current and supersede all previous versions this whitepaper any public statements made about xcert and the zxc token sale which are available upon request sent info@xcert.org. this english version relied upon the most accurate and updated other language translations may have mistranslations and outdated. starting with this version, the xcert whitepaper will updated and renewed with the latest data every months. abstract create, own, and validate unique assets the blockchain with xcert the first open protocol built support the future digital assets, powered non-fungible tokens (nfts). the xcert protocol offers tools for building powerful decentralized applications (dapps) aimed easy authentication and management digital real-world tangible assets (such id, educational certificate, in-game item house) the blockchain. addition common functions for transferring and managing standard non-fungible tokens, the xcert protocol provides another layer conventions for creating certified non-fungible tokens for unique assets these tokens are called xcerts and are created through custom minting process. xcerts represent opinionated non-fungible tokens, which also hold imprint asset. with xcert protocol, can validate proof existence, authenticity, and ownership these digital assets without third-party involvement. due the complexity low-level blockchain solutions, the broad adoption non-fungible tokens and blockchain, general, slower than could be. the lack conventions prevents interoperability among applications. developers trying develop their decentralized application using non-fungible tokens face long development time and massive risk their development process and security, lowering the overall efficiency and adoption rate. the resulting ecosystem digital assets under risk being fragmented, with non-interoperable dapps and underlying data. one the major problems the future may not the technological barrier issuing ownership rights different unique assets the blockchain, but rather the authenticity issuing entities. currently, there mechanism attest credible nft issuers. the vision xcert provide open protocol for standardized and certified non-fungible tokens wider tech audience with xcert, you can build top the non-fungible token standard, employing complete toolset, development framework, and set conventions for various use cases this results shorter development time, lower risk, and cuts the cost associated with developing blockchain solutions. wide range decentralized applications and business models can supported, giving companies the power utilize the potential the blockchain technology fully. xcert has built open-source xcert protocol that translates one-of-a-kind digital real-world assets into non-fungible tokens (nfts) unique proof ownership available from the blockchain. moreover, xcert has developed framework with set on-chain and off-chain rules for managing xcerts and other standard non-fungible tokens. our mission equip application developers with secure blockchain-agnostic platform, powerful tools, and community-embraced conventions for managing non-fungible tokens. the xcert framework pluggable settlement with advanced integration layer for different dapps and relay applications. this enables developers focus the application layer and quickly build applications for issuing university certificates, kyc applications, applications for loyalty programs, warranties, badges, credits even decentralized non-fungible exchange. the zxc utility tokens play vital role the xcert infrastructure. these are fungible tokens that are compliant with the ethereum's erc- standard. the zxc token will utilized support dapps built top the xcert protocol with minimum possible fees. since xcert open-source project that strives community-driven, decentralized governance model could introduced, well. recognize that one the fundamental problems within the blockchain space may become the authenticity issuers the future. decentralized issuer verification registry may acceptable and self-sustaining solution the problem. the community would have option either verify reject new xcert issuers through staking and rewarding mechanism based the zxc token. furthermore, xcert also building out whole ecosystem parties involved the non-fungible space, well specific application developers, companies from various verticals, researchers, organizations, and communities. planned growth activities will not only positively impact and extend further adoption technologies developed xcert but also expand the scientific horizon non-fungible tokens general. disclaimer this whitepaper was issued xcert d.o.o. (the "company") and should read conjunction with the company's terms and conditions (the "terms"). the purpose this whitepaper provide potential purchasers with the information the company's project allow the prospective purchasers make their own decision whether not they wish proceed purchase zxc token. this whitepaper does not constitute offer invitation, sale purchase shares, securities, any the assets the company. the date this whitepaper, the information contained herein accurate the best the management team's knowledge and there are other ommised facts which would make any misleading statements this whitepaper. representation, warranty, assurance undertaking made its continued accuracy after such date. the information contained this whitepaper may subject modification, supplementation, and amendment any time moving forward and would documented accordingly. addition, new information might added the future. this whitepaper describes the company's business objectives and the issue the company zxc tokens. has not been reviewed, verified, approved, authorized any regulatory supervisory authority. the publication this whitepaper and the offering zxc tokens may restricted certain jurisdictions. the responsibility any person possession this whitepaper and any persons wishing make application for zxc tokens (pursuant the terms) inform themselves and observe any and all laws and regulations that may apply them. this whitepaper does not constitute offer solicitation anyone any jurisdiction which such offer solicitation not lawful which the person making such offer solicitation not qualified so. prospective purchasers zxc tokens should inform themselves the legal requirements and consequences purchasing, holding and disposing zxc tokens and any applicable exchange control regulations and taxes the countries their respective citizenship, residence and/or domicile. prospective purchasers zxc tokens are wholly responsible for ensuring that all aspects this whitepaper and the terms are acceptable them. the purchase zxc tokens may involve special risks that could lead loss substantial portion loss the entire purchase amount. the purchase zxc tokens considered speculative nature, and involves high degree risk. the company does not represent, warrant, undertake, assure that the zxc tokens are defect/virus free will meet any specific requirements prospective purchaser. you should only purchase zxc tokens you can afford complete loss. unless you fully understand and accept the nature and the potential risks inherent the purchase zxc tokens, you should not purchase zxc tokens. the purchase zxc tokens only possible after the prospective purchaser has read, understood, and accepted the terms. each prospective purchaser will required acknowledge that they made independent decision purchase the zxc tokens and that they are not relying, any manner whatsoever, the company, the management team any other person entity (other than such purchaser's advisers). prospective purchasers are urged consult their own legal, tax other advisors before purchasing zxc tokens. the company and the management team does not provide any advice recommendations with respect the zxc tokens, endorse such tokens, nor they accept any responsibility liability for any use this whitepaper any person which breach any local regulatory requirements with regard the distribution this whitepaper any applicable rules pertaining the offer zxc tokens. the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations, and rules, the company, its founders, team members and any third parties involved the company's project shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind. furthermore, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper. all statements regarding the company's financial position, business strategies, plans, and prospects the industry the company are forward-looking statements. neither the company, its founders, team members any third parties involved the company's project nor any other persons represent, warrant, undertake that the actual future results, performance achievements the company will discussed these forward-looking statements. this whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts, which the company obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies where appropriate, well market research, publicly available information and industry publications. such surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly available information and publications state that the information that they contain has come from sources deemed reliable; there assurance the accuracy completeness such included information. the company does not make purport make any disclaims, any representation, warranty, undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person. including any representation, warranty undertaking about the truth, accuracy, and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. statements made this whitepaper are based the law and practice currently force slovenia, which country the european union, and are subject changes accordance with said laws. table contents abstract disclaimer table contents introduction and vision opportunity solution xcert protocol overview fungibility decentralization specification xcert framework devkit (sdk) decentralized exchange decentralized minter continuous integration use cases kyc academic credentials art collectibles ecosystem participants promotion growth partnerships ecosystem growth pool token economy token purpose and use cases zxc within dapps decentralized governance issuer verification registry (ivr) implementation structure corporation structure governance token exchanges voting the business side things business model go-to-market strategy competitive landscape timeline development roadmap milestones token distribution event token and crowdsale info token distribution distribution schedule participation the token sale funds allocation team team advisors disclaimer introduction and vision are living one the most exciting times since the beginning the internet. the advent blockchain has redefined technology and set course for the future everything. banking, insurance, advertising, well many other industries are adopting this new paradigm governance through new concept introduced satoshi nakamoto back although blockchain's utility has expanded numerous use cases, the core value the technology remains. tamper-proof, transparent, and secure decentralized ledger that maintains list records that cannot altered retroactively. blockchain was first built for financial capital; now, ready take social and professional capital: achievements, qualifications, accreditations, credentials, and certification. but the really exciting paradigm shift comes with blockchain's ability tap into the physical world. with the introduction unique decentralized assets presented non-fungible tokens, the idea decentralized storing intangible assets such copyrights, patents, and goodwill, well tangible assets such property, equipment, and inventory now possible like never before. with the emergence different business opportunities related the tokenization physical assets, also surged growing need for standardization and base protocol that would allow for simple proof-validation existence, authenticity, and ownership such tokens. furthermore, the future new technology this magnitude should made available everyone. the vision xcert provide open protocol for non-fungible tokens wider tech audience. with its help, can drastically shorten development time, decrease risk, and cut costs associated with developing blockchain solutions. wide range decentralized applications (dapps) and business models can supported, giving companies the power fully utilize the potential the blockchain technology. non-blockchain companies will able make use decentralized and distributed ledger easily incorporate the non-fungible technological features into their applications while not requiring their development team proficient low-level blockchain programming. e.g., erc- standard the ethereum blockchain. blockchain moving faster than anyone dared predict. with the xcert protocol, are opening the door for all this important time history, where everything you own, not just financial assets, will now have way exist securely your digital wallet. opportunity the most common tokens today's crypto economy follow the ethereum's erc- specification. these tokens are used for specifically defined utility within predefined systems and thus carry value. tokens that are issued the same source are identical and mutually interchangeable. this characteristic called fungibility; hence, these tokens are called fungible tokens. token holders can buy and sell these tokens exchanges, which also the primary mechanism their price valuation. recently, another form tokens, called non-fungible tokens (nfts started getting attention the crypto community. non-fungible digital assets represent the next stage the blockchain evolution. the first good use case for nfts was introduced with cryptokitties. these were one the first popular crypto-collectibles: assets that were unique and could stored your ethereum wallet. you could buy, sell, trade, and even breed them. later on, the ethereum implementation proposal (eip-) got introduced and confirmed ethereum standard (erc-) march nfts have the potential improve many applications and enhance existing business models. for the first time, users are actually able hold distinguishable tokens that carry not only value but also unique information their blockchain wallet. numerous companies from different verticals are looking into this new technology solution for what was previously not possible the blockchain. according opensea three new companies day start working implementation with the nfts. nft use cases range from identities (kyc), collectibles, education certificates, and more. however, there are four major challenges see that hinder the development and adoption nfts well the possibility for greater technological and business impact: source: keynote from opensea, the event explore dallas low speed development: due the lack pluggable framework, the development dapps can take months and therefore severely increase the go-to-market time, which results much slower adoption and higher competitive risks. lack conventions and interoperability: different verticals require different conventions which are currently missing ensure interoperability. equally important the gap interoperability between applications, which needs addressed order maximize adoption and business impact. missing registry verified issuers: big missing part registry issuers nfts, which would serve for authentication and validity the issuers. creating common registry will reduce verification time well reduce business risks. limited open-source and blockchain-agnostic solutions: current nft applications are siloed for specific purposes and currently ethereum-focused, but with opportunities emerging other blockchains (eos, neo), too. the opportunity have open-source and blockchain-agnostic protocol will open far greater opportunities for dapps and usage nfts. furthermore, there need for unifying technological layer connecting these assets through higher-level standardization model. building top the existing low-level technology would mean that each development team builds its own framework from scratch. the work gets repeated every time, and each solution has perform separate audit. there are currently processes and rules place that would allow for faster, secure, and interoperable issuance and verification these assets, consequently hindering the potential for wider adoption. the year frequently called the year nfts, and the timing for the xcert protocol now. with the erc- standard place, believe that there solid foundation for nfts, which results increased demand for quickly deployable and effective development environment. believe that the need for the xcert protocol will driven both the demand and supply side, notably for: end users who will require least parts the blockchain and nft functionality developers and service providers who will require faster and more secure development tools remain competitive the market. solution the xcert protocol utilizes the blockchain network, distributed ledger technology that was first built support the bitcoin cryptocurrency. blockchain can best described distributed ledger that maintains list records called blocks. each block has timestamp and built top already existing block, preventing any data from being altered retroactively. blockchain offers unique way solving the problem secure online transactions and double spending. due its transparency and distribution information many decentralized blockchain nodes, nearly impossible manipulate duplicate existing data records, making potentially suitable for recording events, records, identities, certificates, transactions, and other documentation. xcert provides framework with set on- and off-chain rules for managing xcerts, standardized and certified non-fungible tokens. our mission equip application developers with secure blockchain settlement, powerful tools, and community-embraced conventions for managing the nfts. key characteristics the xcert protocol can outlined four larger dimensions: pluggable settlement for faster development the xcert protocol solid pluggable settlement which supports numerous business models. clears away the low-level blockchain complexity thanks its solid and flexible infrastructure that ensures interoperability between dapps default. using plug-and-play framework shortens the development time from months days. readily available apis and sdks python, ruby, nodejs, and javascript will allow traditional developers start building blockchain applications right away. conventions for data interoperability and standardization the xcert protocol provides conventions for minting certified non-fungible tokens for unique assets. with the use the protocol, proof asset can written into the token directly. these proofs are built following the industry-specific conventions and enable data interoperability among various applications. with the help the community, are structurally establishing minimum standard that prevents data-siloing and poor user experience with future implementations. decentralized verification registry through curated registries important piece the proposed protocol will authenticating and assuring the validity issuers building with the xcert protocol. each nft issued requires deployed main (token) contract and mechanism that will attest the validity and the issuer's identity. are proposing token curated registry pursue decentralized approach validating the issuers nfts ultimately, new issuer would stake portion tokens get listed, while the existing holders will have the ability approve challenge the listing. open-source and blockchain-agnostic xcert open-source and community-driven project. its first implementation built the ethereum blockchain; the subsequent version included the support the wanchain blockchain. due the blockchain-agnostic nature the protocol, further expansion other blockchains possible. the protocol may also include decentralized governance (dao) mechanism allow the community vote for further improvements. because the project open-source, the community will also able rely industry experts for specific conventions particular verticals. this, turn, may positively impact the growth new business models built top the protocol. xcert protocol xcert open-source permissionless protocol for non-fungible tokens the blockchain. these tokens are stored cryptographic wallets and are owned users. addition various common functions for transferring and managing standard non-fungible tokens, the xcert protocol provides additional layer conventions for creating non-fungible tokens from unique assets. these tokens are called xcerts and are created through custom minting process. xcerts represent standard non-fungible tokens, which also hold imprint asset. with the xcert protocol, can further validate proof existence, authenticity and ownership these assets without third-party involvement. opposed xcerts, which are non-fungible tokens, the xcert protocol also makes use fungible erc- utility token, called zxc. xcerts are all unique tokens that carry certain information, whereas zxc tokens are uniform and are used for various utilities described later the document. the first implementation the xcert protocol focusing the ethereum blockchain. the xcert protocol designed blockchain agnostic, has been upgraded for the wanchain blockchain, and supports building other blockchains, well. this section, will provide overview the basic principles the xcert protocol with focus non-fungibles and decentralization. this followed specification the xcert protocol and the xcert framework. the section concludes with description the parts the framework: devkit, decentralized exchange, and decentralized miner. overview the advent the blockchain has redefined the technology and set course for the future everything. but despite being very potent technology, also very complex nature. writing and deploying smart contracts difficult and can very perilous task. this fact prevents many people from adopting blockchain technology and building their decentralized applications top it. our mission equip application developers with secure blockchain settlement, powerful tools, and community-embraced conventions for managing non-fungible tokens. the xcert protocol extends the non-fungible paradigm with opinionated certification and standardization layer for unique assets, which based the xcert conventions. all this allows for creating certified non-fungible tokens the blockchain, which also carry imprint unique real-world (tangible digital) asset. the protocol supports wide range use cases where non-fungible assets and ownership play role. because the data stored decentralized blocks, the information can fully trusted and verified anyone and anywhere. the xcert protocol open-source project anyone can use the fully functional xcert protocol with limitations. developers have the ability manually mint, burn, verify, and transfer xcerts. the protocol uses publicly accessible network digital wallets and smart contracts the blockchain, making extensible through third-party modules and variety dapps. figure xcert protocol can act intermediary between parties xcert opinionated framework and supports numerous business models used third-party dapps. these applications sit top the protocol and can use the protocol tokens fuel for their service. the dapps form network public and private services for unique assets and offer higher-level features that simplify and automate the process creating and managing non-fungible tokens, provide public and private listings, rewarding mechanisms, integration gateways and more. fungibility the most common tokens today's crypto economy follow the ethereum's erc- specification. these tokens are so-called fungible tokens because tokens the same kind can mutually interchangeable. make analogy with fiat currency, dollar bill can exchanged for any other dollar bill, which does not create any difference value for the holder. recently, another kind token called non-fungible token started getting attention the crypto community. though knew non-fungible tokens before, actually all started with crypto kitties tradable collectibles that set the foundation for the currently accepted erc- standard. unlike the erc- identical tokens, the non-fungible tokens are unique nature and carry data. the xcert protocol goes even further and introduces xcert standardized and certified non-fungible token based the erc- standard and xcert conventions that carries information about particular unique asset. this mechanism unique the xcert protocol and described later sections. erc- has given incredibly powerful standard the ethereum network non-fungible tokens. the xcert protocol extends this standard and makes opinionated. this will drastically shorten development time. for example, think about what rails did for ruby. xcert dealing with the application layer, where developers need act fast and agile. order ensure interoperability among applications the future, xcerts follow specific conventions. this will prevent incompatibility higher level, which might happen every nft issuer deploys their own version industry standard. having this level standardization built top the strong erc- standard prevents high-level fragmentation and safeguards long-term sustainability. decentralization the protocol utilizes the blockchain network, distributed ledger technology that was first built support the bitcoin cryptocurrency. blockchain best described distributed ledger that maintains list records called blocks. each block has timestamp and built top already existing block, preventing any data from being altered retroactively. blockchain offers unique solution the problem secure online transactions. due its transparency and distribution information many decentralized blockchain nodes, nearly impossible manipulate existing data records, making potentially suitable for recording events, data records, identities, certificates, transactions, and other documentation. figure xcert protocol uses blockchain enable decentralization storing hashed data the blockchain, individuals, companies, and institutions can keep decentralized record their asset proofs, while maintaining sensitive data completely private. the same time, all certified records, their issuers, and owners can easily authenticated and referenced. specification xcert provides framework with set on-chain and off-chain rules for managing xcerts and other non-fungible tokens. addition, the xcert protocol pluggable settlement with advanced integration layer for different dapps and relay applications. figure users can interact with the protocol manually through higher-level dapps xcert digital assets the blockchain non-fungible tokens represent new paradigm which enables application developers build advanced and secure applications for managing real-world assets. users hold asset ownership rights their cryptographic wallets. they are able exchange tokens between wallets and have control over the tokens they own. the xcert protocol records unique assets the blockchain non-fungible tokens. these tokens are called xcerts and exist the blockchain item specifically designed smart contract. xcerts are items specifically designed smart contract which implements the non-fungible functionality. xcert identified which unique per xcert smart contract and always assigned cryptographic wallet. besides the unique id, token can carry proof digital asset, arbitrary on-chain data, and uri additional off-chain data. xcert smart contract extended non-fungible token smart contract. follows the ethereum's erc- specification making compliant with the non-fungible token standard. furthermore, xcert smart contract holds assets particular xcert convention. this makes the contract opinionated and forces predictable data. the process converting unique asset data into cryptographic proof called "certification". tokens that hold these cryptographic proofs are thus called certified tokens. framework general, software frameworks provide standard way build and deploy applications. the goal simplify the development process and allow programmers avoid low-level details altogether providing working system framework. better known frameworks include rails (ruby), django (python), laravel (php) and sails.js (node.js). the xcert framework consists multiple parts, which enable application developers build secure decentralized applications with the support for custom business models. the xcert protocol opinionated all-in-one framework. blockchain-agnostic, provides conventions, and includes powerful tools for building decentralized non-fungible applications. addition the raw protocol logic, the xcert framework includes libraries and set smart contracts already installed the blockchain. the xcert framework pluggable settlement with advanced integration layer for different dapps and relay applications. figure dapps top the xcert protocol form network interoperable non-fungible services devkit (sdk) the framework tries hide away the complex blockchain layer, thereby wrapping the xcert protocol features into easy-to-use sdk. this empowers developers with powerful decentralized tools that they can use standard api library. the xcert protocol can, therefore, easily integrated into existing systems. applications don't have struggle with the low-level blockchain complexity and can immediately start using solid, secure, and flexible non-fungible infrastructure that ensures interoperability between dapps default. decentralized exchange decentralized exchange (dex) one the key supporting components within the xcert framework. dex represents set smart contracts installed the blockchain which allow for trustless exchange multiple different types fungible and non-fungible tokens single atomic operations. dex consists multiple contracts. make upgradeable, the smart contracts communicate through proxy smart contracts. this way, can upgrade the core dex contracts while the data kept untouched. proxy best explained smart contract that allows rejects access some key functionality and controlled multisig wallet dao. this way, proxies can trusted since they only allow access smart contracts that were approved through the dao process. decentralized minter decentralized minter (dxm) another important component the xcert framework. allows for the trustless minting xcert tokens directly recipients. the dxm can mint and exchange xcert tokens for other fungible and non-fungible tokens single atomic operation. also enables issuer delegate the mint execution and payment blockchain fees the recipient. dxm consists multiple contracts. make upgradeable, the smart contracts communicate through proxy smart contracts. this way, can upgrade the core dxm contracts while the data kept untouched. continuous integration smart contract cannot changed after has been deployed onto the blockchain. changes can applied only deploying new contract new address. the protocol may include decentralized governance (dao) mechanism allow the community vote for improvements and possibly fork the protocol into multiple versions. the contracts may use protocol tokens securely drive decentralized continuous integration updates with disruption, while also protecting all the parties and stakeholders. use cases the xcert protocol best described the underlying technological base layer upon which new use cases can built. developers will longer need have advanced solidity skills create blockchain-based solutions for unique assets. the simple-to-use libraries allow for fast and safe production, which turn allow for more creativity and flexibility with subsequent solutions. below are some examples use cases where the xcert protocol might prove useful. worth pointing out that this not final list future implementations, but rather quick overview potential verticals that can benefit from the non-fungible technology. kyc the "know your customer" procedure becomes more and more important for icos and banks, there growing demand for simple, cost-effective, and secure solutions. currently, there are many kyc providers the market, but none them utilizes the power erc- standard for non-fungible tokens. with the help the new standard, users can obtain reusable kyc token which can stored and used for every subsequent kyc request. users simply submit personal data their kyc provider from which secure hash generated. this hashed information can then sent the form xcert their ethereum wallet. interacting with dapp (e. through metamask), icos will able whitelist wallets that have previously passed the kyc procedure and hold valid kyc xcert token. academic credentials although technology has helped improve the education and academic sector immensely, has not solved major pain points: certification fraud, interoperability, and credentials verification remain unsolved questions that turn delegitimize certification institutions, impair international mobility and incur huge costs for all parties involved. the authentication and verification process can benefit greatly from the blockchain technology. storing records achievements, accomplishments, certifications, and education degrees the blockchain, users can keep decentralized record their certificates from both academic institutions and professional certifying bodies that can easily attested. there are three major parties the academic credentials space: issuers (universities, moocs, etc.), holders (students that completed degree course) and verifiers (parties that need verify the authenticity academic credential, employers linkedin). with the help the xcert protocol, issuers can seamlessly issue academic credentials the holder's digital wallet. from each academic achievement, hash string can created and stored xcert. the non-fungible token that carries the hash string sent the holder's wallet and stored proof for future use. opposed previous solutions where the hash string was stored directly the blockchain transaction, users now receive actual unique digital asset. xcerts provide much more flexible solution than simple transaction the blockchain. they can reissued, have expiry date, and easily verified. imagine that error was made when issuing academic degree which then forever stored the blockchain. having the flexibility reissue allows for small margin error. certain continuing professional development accreditations (cpds) also need renewed and often come with expiry date. their digital management would extremely problematic without non-fungible tokens. having the flexibility setting expiry date certificate opens whole new space for new verticals and business models. art artworks are important part our cultural tradition; could even say that makes human. unfortunately, artworks are often the target forgery, scams, and fraud. cases finding entire collections forged are plentiful, and have been repetitive pattern throughout history. the art industry one the largest unregulated markets; therefore, investigating authenticity strongly advised for buyers prior purchase. first, performing extensive due diligence with the help independent third parties. second, with provenance investigation history ownership, the details about previous owners can tracked documents other sources. for the first time history, the art world has chance transfer ownership rights onto medium, which cannot altered and falsified. provenance can easily traced and viewed for the entire history each work art. the process can easily achieved with the xcert protocol. data about asset, certificate authenticity (coa), digitized using specific convention, stored cryptographic wallets and owned their users. the detailed data itself can accessed only the owners. however, its existence, authenticity, and ownership can, turn, examined and validated the interested public without any third-party involvement. this opens whole new space for artists. not only thanks provenance and forgery prevention, but the blockchain technology opens whole new concept fractional ownership. collectibles from sports cards crypto kitties, these are just few forms collectibles. when talking about collectible cards the physical world, many different options come mind: baseball cards, airplane cards, tradable collectible games (tcg), etc. whatever the case may be, serious collectors are interested vintage cards. among those, the highest values are attributed rookie cards, inserts, sets, and unopened sets. other major factors collectors would consider when determining card's value are its age, origin, condition, scarcity, and course, the featured player. the rarest cards usually come from limited editions and are among the oldest the market. values these cards span from few dollars few million dollars. order for collector get the most accurate price estimation, several sources examination and grading are required. major sports cards grading and autograph authentication authorities, such beckett, psa, and collectors universe, now base https://medium.com/xcert/millions-art-fakes-and-blockchain-acbaa http://www.artbusiness.com/certaut.html https://www.beckett.com/ https://www.psacard.com/ https://www.collectorsuniverse.com/ their grading business mostly online demand, while several guides for pricing are issued price guide and krause publications, editing tuff stuff magazine and sports collectors digest. addition, collectors also need account for various aspects like the total amount specific cards the market, the number collectors, amount available ownership data, card provenance and course the price. projects like cryptokitties are basically digitizing the very essence the card collectors hobby, which the joy owning something unique and the thrill comparing even trading with others. even though card editions are issued many hundreds (equal) pieces, soon they land into the hands new owner, their value cannot measured static feature. with help from the xcert protocol, can now easily translate real-world asset ownership the blockchain. the sports cards collecting field, the authenticity could traced the card's manufacturer creating digital imprint each card issued. therefore, when buyer collector finds special insert the set, they could trace its origins back the issuer and verify using smart contract, without having rely third-party authentication institution. when interested such asset, collectors could check and verify every single transaction recorded its data imprint, making easier for them evaluate the card before purchase. after acquiring it, they would able tokenize the blockchain and/or store their digital wallet, with ownership and management decisions solely their hands, giving them the freedom sell, transfer, burn, just store until good opportunity for trading arises. https://www.priceguide.cards/en http://www.collect.com/ http://www.tuffstuff.com/ http://www.sportscollectorsdigest.com/ https://medium.com/xcert/erc--hitting-a-home-run-dbfcad ecosystem the xcert team determined continuously bring value the open-source community. our mission empower developers with powerful tools and useful applications non-fungible tokens. addition the xcert protocol development, the purpose the xcert team, the core team behind the xcert protocol, provide foundation for trustless, certified, non-fungible tokens the blockchain and manage and unify the community connecting individuals and groups working the area non-fungibility and provide resources and support for the related community-driven incentives. the xcert ecosystem consists various stakeholders with different roles. due the nature the project, wide spectre groups will involved, ranging from research and development, all the way for-profit companies. generalized sense, the xcert ecosystem made four major components: xcert labs, xcert protocol development, xcert protocol users, and the non-fungible alliance. figure the xcert ecosystem xcert labs believe that can only understand developers, the blockchain technology, and decentralization the community uses the protocol and builds top it. formed xcert labs the xcert discovery group, which will work the latest innovations the space non-fungibility, decentralization, and the blockchain technology. research and development are core pillars that will advance the frontiers blockchain usability and ultimately drive adoption. xcert protocol development since the xcert protocol open-source project, strongly believe that its future development should community-driven. down the line, might implement full dao for protocol governance, which would further empower the developer community. xcert protocol users adoption key. great amount our time, energy, and resources will directed toward instilling the adoption xcert technology. this idea also completely line with why are not just developing protocol, but rather full framework with extended tools for fast adoption. the blockchain space large has driven wider adoption, which cannot happen each new project has develop their smart contracts from scratch. new blockchain projects, well traditional non-blockchain companies, will key driving force the future years. non-fungible alliance the space unique digital assets begins grow, makes sense have collaboration space where all participants can come together. the nft alliance collaborative hub for building real-life applications with non-fungible tokens technology. association corporations, service providers, and developers that closely collaborate the implementation unique assets the blockchain. participants the xcert ecosystem consists large set different parties that have come together order create and shape the non-fungible space. xcert ecosystem components xcert labs xcert protocol development xcert protocol users non-fungible alliance xcert ecosystem participants developer community developer community partnerships researchers partnerships existing nft projects and companies partnerships developers projects icos companies promotion growth each the four segments described above may have accompanying promotional and growth activities. these range from events and meetups more comprehensive hackathons and implementation seminars. the xcert project built with large scale adoption mind; hence, growth strategies are also planned. partnerships the xcert protocol concept that brings together various actors from different segments and organizations. establishing mutually beneficial partnerships will one the key progress drivers for the organization. building strategic alliances with complementary organizations, companies, and individuals can increase the value the xcert protocol and widen its integrational scope even further. xcert building partnerships with stakeholders, which are relevant for its success both the short-run, well the long-run. some the entities have already established partnerships with are world leading advisory firms enable operational compliance well leading institutions promoting blockchain-based certification and the benefits provides. currently, are cooperating with various blockchain organizations and startups, well being talks make our cooperation public. future partnerships will announced rolling basis. will strive create meaningful and impactful relations with key players that can further improve the protocol can assist various verticals where key players specialize. partners projects building xcert date, hundreds projects and developers have built the xcert framework and other solutions. xcert committed providing useful tools the developer community with open-source code published github developers and projects built upon the xcert framework may refer the github issue provide feedback code, usability, and applications. support everyone dealing with the xcert framework and building decentralized applications it, have established dedicated framework gitter channel where our developers interact with their peers daily. ecosystem growth pool pointed out, the xcert ecosystem large structure various parties and activities. have dedicated large amount the token pool, well funds raised the growth and promotion the whole ecosystem. total, the entire token supply (community pool) and funds raised (ecosystem) will towards the growth the xcert ecosystem. token economy according william mougayar, author "the business blockchain", token unit value that organization creates self-govern its business model and empower its users interact with its products while facilitating the distribution and sharing rewards and benefits all its stakeholders." this section, present the xcert token purpose and characterization, token use cases, and their implementation. token purpose and use cases the zxc token protocol token and introduced align issuing parties with dapps and the community. with the infrastructure built around system smart contracts, its primary role provide the incentive mechanisms and support the ecosystem with minimum possible fees. figure zxc token native utility token the xcert protocol the zxc token also part the extended xcert ecosystem that spans beyond the protocol itself. envision its usage few layers, which further decentralize important elements the corresponding ecosystem. zxc within dapps dapps developed xcert (e. kyc and academia pilot projects) may use the zxc token the basic liquid asset for these dapps operate the protocol. similar gas the ethereum blockchain, the protocol token may play role all sorts protocol and dapp activities. the following use cases are foreseen, but not limited to, within wide variety dapps: medium exchange (payment utility for fees and other costs within dapp ecosystems) staking zxc tokens within dapps that would require bidding zxc tokens for accessing services and/or verification granting access certain features the dapp reward and loyalty mechanisms decentralized governance over time, decentralized governance may introduced strengthen the xcert community further stated above, xcert aims community-driven project. various stakeholders come together co-create ecosystem around the protocol itself effort cast even wider net. this light, the decentralized governance model may introduced the future drive protocol-level development updates, conventions, and update integration. token purpose the protocol token may play key role when creating decentralized autonomous organization. the protocol token may not only used rewarding mechanism, but also distributed voting mechanism. issuer verification registry (ivr) becoming apparent that one the major problems the future may not the technological barrier issuing ownership rights different unique assets the blockchain, but rather the authenticity issuing entities. the underlying objective create self-sustaining curation ecosystem which could exist without centralized authority even the creators themselves. currently, the authenticity issuers ensured through centralized authorities. for example, higher education institutions have through quality assurance process, which carried out external body verify certain standards are met. this called higher education accreditation that can also viewed curated list registry quality educational institutions. the xcert ecosystem may introduce issuer verification registry (ivr), which would form token curated registry proposed mike goldin. this would represent step toward further decentralization the whole non-fungible assets space the blockchain. pointed out above, one the fundamental future problems the blockchain space may become the authenticity issuers. this issue that touches upon everyone involved the ecosystem. end-users aspire have only legitimate issuers while issuers want recognized legitimate entities. due the fact that the xcert protocol with its corresponding libraries completely open-source, there chance that these tools may used entities with ill intent. for example, recognized education provider (e. stanford) wants issue academic credentials the blockchain, they can using freely available tools. since this education provider may well known and respected institution, there objection them issuing tokenized academic credentials. issue may arise diploma mill poses itself said education provider (e. stanford). could ahead and start issuing tokenized academic credentials that may look the same the originals. this is, fact, scenario that happens real life and can detrimental the educational institution, and can cause substantial and unnecessary economic cost. end-users and issuers are both affected this matter. order prevent this from happening, decentralized issuer verification registry may introduced. token purpose the moment, there strong incentive that would award fairness and honesty the blockchain space. self-sustaining verification registry which would use staking and rewarding mechanisms based the xcert protocol token may answer many open questions this relation. the issuer verification registry (ivr) may use the zxc token give curation rights that correspond the relative token weight token holders. this floating ecosystem which has decoupled from price fluctuations other cryptographic currencies tokens. only independent supply and demand zxc will create feedback mechanism that ultimately encourages token holders maintain and curate list authentic nft issuers. implementation the zxc tokens are the native utility tokens the xcert protocol. they are fungible tokens and are compliant with the ethereum's erc- standard. structure xcert project and will structuring its operations and delivery its goals and roadmap via different elements, which include: corporation structure, governance, token rules, exchanges, and voting rules. corporation structure xcert currently and the time the token sale organized company, registered slovenia (european union), and the token generated and the funds collected will belong this company. the company set according the laws and regulations. for future development and roadmap, the following legal entities will enable the project deliver the planned roadmap: the xcert protocol foundation: will manage the xcert protocol and will use proportion tokens for supporting the development the protocol developers' and projects' community. expected time set the foundation late the xcert-for-profit (existing company): will function service provider the xcert foundation (initial development and handover code) and will funded the funds generated the token sale develop the xcert protocol and initial two pilot cases (academia and kyc). more information the roadmap. for the purpose better organisation and legal purposes, both and (b) entities can set additional entities within planned new jurisdictions. governance both xcert protocol foundation and xcert-for-profit will governed organizationally three levels: board directors: the purpose the overall supervision the project progress. consists some the current xcert advisors and management team members, well potentially some new members. the number members limited five (). the board directors will set within three months after the token sale or, the case foundation, the time setting the foundation. meetings will scheduled quarterly basis. advisory board: the purpose advisory for strategic decision making. consists some the current xcert advisors, well potentially some new members. the number members not limited per se. the advisory boards will set within three months after the token sale or, the case foundation, the time setting the foundation. meetings will scheduled quarterly basis. management board: the purpose daily operations, operational decisions, and execution. consists some the current management well potential new members. the number members limited five (). the management board will set within month after the token sale. for the foundation, will set the time setting the foundation. addition, xcert will continue producing quarterly reports quarterly reports will produced for each the entities the management board and confirmed the board directors and will publicly available communications channels and webpage(s). the first report has been published the first full quarter after setting the foundation. continue inviting interested stakeholders contribute with their suggestions and comments our progress and thus engage developers, users, well business partners. the suggestions are not going binding; however, they will taken into consideration valuable input from wider ecosystem. the team will continue utilizing the existing and future communications channels (e. telegram) interact with stakeholders, well hold regular ask-me-anything (ama) sessions, needed, addition other interaction opportunities when deemed appropriate. the team already and will also the future actively engaging conferences and meetups with various stakeholders exchange opinions and obtain feedback work and progress. token the xcert token zxc and the protocol will managed the xcert foundation. the number tokens will fixed and cannot additionally minted. any changes the token design will governed the xcert foundation and its board directors. the token holders will not have voting rights, but the management board and board directors can consult with wider stakeholder ecosystem: developers, partners, token holders well other existing and future stakeholders. exchanges xcert will strive provide many diverse opportunities for users purchase sell tokens. will actively engage partnerships with both centralized and decentralized exchanges. when looking for partner exchanges, will apply the criteria legal fit well acceptable commercial conditions. the reach-out exchanges has been done prior the token sale event; however, due the nature business practices exchanges, any announcements were only made after the token sale had finished. the xcert team can announce and talk about the exchanges only after the official confirmation both sides (this suggested legal partners and exchanges). must understand the role exchanges play the project and how the team views exchange partnerships. exchanges are partners the project terms enabling the users the protocol exchange the tokens order use and interact with the protocol. voting initially, token holders will not have any voting rights. the governance both entities the hands the board directors and the management board for both xcert foundation and xcert-for-profit. the future, the xcert foundation can introduce voting rights for token holders the sense dao. this decision and the rules are solely the hands the board directors the xcert foundation. the business side things xcert company raising funds through token sales fund the development the xcert protocol and the establishment the xcert foundation, which will manage the zxc token and the protocol. however, the xcert for-profit company also needs stable business model and go-to-market strategy for long-term growth and development. business model xcert-for-profit will have in-depth knowledge xcert protocol, will arrange our future revenue streams follows: advisory startups and corporations implementing nfts their business models and applying the xcert protocol. advisory may include, among other services: development, operational processes, and legal support. the event the knowledge experience not available in-house, will partner with others provide it. both advisory fees equity are options remuneration. educational programs (training) and professional conferences for both startups and corporations. development our own dapps top the xcert protocol and their establishment separate business units under the (partial) ownership xcert-for-profit. go-to-market strategy for-profit advisory and educational programs will based acquiring and maintaining relationships with startups and corporations. will have dedicated sales unit which will reach out new and existing startup and corporate clients and help them address their challenges related nft implementations and solutions. being the creators xcert protocol, will leverage our brand and our contacts enable steady sales funnel flow. based our overall understanding market opportunities and challenges, may decide enter specific vertical order apply nfts. will make sure that not enter into conflict interest situations with our advisory and educational revenue streams. for each the identified verticals, the for-profit can fund the initial set-up and solution development; however, the vertical dapp will carved out separate business unit with its management, operations and development team. competitive landscape the non-fungible token space just the beginning. the erc- standard has shown that the immense capabilities the blockchain technology lie front and have not really been tapped into. placing unique assets the blockchain will spur whole new plethora ideas, projects, and companies leveraging situations previously impossible and unimaginable. xcert dealing primarily with the application layer things: giving developers tools build applications more effectively top this new standard. developers can build dapps based the protocol, while end users can use their solutions prove authenticity, authorship ownership their assets (such collectibles, university degrees, identity/kyc, in-game items house), making them secure and available while they are certified the blockchain. the moment writing this whitepaper, were unable identify competitor that would focusing developing unifying developer framework with conventions top erc-. however, there are competitors various niches where the xcert protocol and higher-level dapps built with the xcert protocol can used. these span from art, collectibles, education credentials, identity, and more, all the way real estate and car ownership. the xcert protocol building block for everyone use. that light, most the companies that first glance may appear competitors, rather see potential partners and protocol adopters. using unique digital assets many cases superior solution, hence expect see their wider adoption the future. xcert merely going provide the underlying infrastructure for all these projects use and build upon. the purpose the xcert organization, well the core team behind the xcert protocol, provide foundation for trustless, certified, non-fungible tokens the blockchain and unify the community the fullest. intend bring value the open-source community engaged with the xcert protocol, connect individuals and groups working the area non-fungibility certification and provide resources and support for the related community-driven incentives. timeline the inception xcert was after the first mvps were created and tested, more rigorous and detailed development roadmap was laid out. although are track, there still long way go. below detailed roadmap, which followed milestones. development roadmap first proposal the blockchain certification technology first mvp for deployment and verification certificates shift towards open-source explore wider adoption and protocol approach xcert smart contract draft technical paper draft pivot towards erc- for assets the blockchain proof protocol concept dex draft implementation joining forces with erc- standard lead author, william entriken erc- complete implementation with bounty program xcert complete implementation with bounty program dex alpha implementation xcert minter alpha implementation xcert scanner alpha dapp technical paper whitelist/kyc certificate dapp (another poc for crowdsale) crowdsale poc certificates used protocol draft ethereum mainnet (limited) dex alpha dapp protocol (ethereum) odin framework (protocol features, application layer) dex dapp minter dapp q+q protocol (ethereum, second chain) aragorn q+q framework (notification system, community-requested features) pilot dapp for selected vertical pilot dapp for selected vertical curated registry the timeline and milestones may susceptible change due unforeseen events, complications and interruptions. milestones mvp beta odin (protocol alpha aragorn (protocol protocol xcert (proof protocol concept) conventions framework devkit (sdk) dex implementation dxm implementation xcert labs erc- implementation scanner dapp identity dapp dex dapp dxm dapp ivr token distribution event the xcert token distribution event has taken place during the months june and july this section, present the information about the xcert token, crowdsale, token distribution, and funds allocation. token and crowdsale info token name: zxc (erc-) price token: eth, eth zxc max presale bonus: hard cap: eth (estimated based bonus distribution) soft cap: eth token supply: (fixed, future minting) circulating supply: percentage tokens going contributors all token sale stages: mio zxc tokens. the xcert token sale consisted four stages: pre-ico (early buyers), private presale (larger buyers), public presale discount) and public crowdsale. details about each stage can found the table below. case the allocated number tokens for each stage would not have been sold the allocated stage, would have been rolled the next stage. there had been tokens planned for sale left after the final stage, they would have been burnt. stage date tokens allocation max bonus total tokens pre-ico closed until june th, july july july july (first hrs) private presale min. participation eth public presale min. participation eth crowdsale token distribution the xcert token distribution found the table below. all tokens were reserved sold different stages the crowdsale. the remaining was reserved for the team, current and future stakeholders, and future reserves. token distribution pre-ico total tokens purpose token sale token sale (crowdsale) token sale founders and team incentives alignment advisors legal) incentives alignment liquidity pool supporting token liquidity community pool bounties reserves supporting the development protocol community, allocated foundation bug bounties, allocated foundation future development fund distributed tokens differed their lock-up period. the founders, team, and advisors have tokens locked-up different periods. the buyers not have tokens locked-up. lock-up for buyers: none lock-up for founders: locked for months then and every three months. lock-up for team: released ico and every three months after ico. lock-up for advisors: ico, three months, six months lock-up for reserves: years distribution schedule the distribution tokens has been done via the crowdsale smart contract, with the following design: the pre-ico and private presale buyers received their purchased zxc tokens the eth wallet address they have provided xcert. the public presale and the crowdsale buyers received their purchased zxc tokens the originating eth wallet address from where the eth funds purchase zxc token have been sent. all token buyers received their zxc token the latest days after the final date the public crowdsale. the unsold tokens allocated the token sale were burnt within days after the final end date the public crowdsale. the remaining tokens (not allocated token sale) were distributed their respective eth wallet addresses within days after the final end date the public crowdsale. all the distributed tokens were locked until days after the final end date the public crowdsale. once the tokens had been unlocked, the buyers were able move them. this timeline was based the ethereum network functioning normally and provided there were lags. participation the token sale the participation the token sale event required buyers to: have eth (ethereum) cryptocurrency have eth wallet address kyc required for the purchasing the token citizen countries that are eligible for their citizens participate the token sale (more details the token sale terms and conditions). addition the conditions above: order participate the private presale, there was minimum eth the purchase amount. only whitelisted buyers could participate public presale. the public presale whitelist was closed before the beginning the public presale. the public presale, eth was the minimum purchase amount. during the public crowdsale, the token sale was open all (respecting condition d)). there was minimum purchase amount the public crowdsale. funds allocation the funds collected the token sale were allocated follows: funds allocation all funds development marketing legal operations setting the foundation foundation funds the last two allocation areas are aimed setting the xcert foundation separate legal entity well transferring part funds the foundation enable the immediate start foundation operations. team the xcert team fully dedicated group highly skilled individuals. the moment, the team consists members that operate all crucial areas support both the long-term strategy well the short-term execution. contrast many other projects and companies, the vast majority resources are in-house. team operations kristijan sedlak, ceo urban osvald, cso tomaz erjavec, co-founder jure pucko, co-founder anja pukl, cfo development tadej vengust, lead blockchain developer david licen, lead front-end engineer leon panjtar, full-stack developer anze mur, full-stack developer marketing lenka tusar, head content advisors william entriken, erc- main author www.linkedin.com/in/fulldecent/ https://github.com/fulldecent https://phor.net/ william entriken the lead author the erc- standard. active computer science researcher who has contributed tremendous amounts open-source projects the community. his non-blockchain life, will the general manager pacific medical training, company that creates interactive medical training courses. moe levin, blockchain pioneer www.linkedin.com/in/moelevin/ moe levin blockchain evangelist and pioneer. the ceo keynote, company focusing creating blockchain events all over the world. moe also executive committee member the global blockchain council and the founder the north american bitcoin conference. mark pui, partners advisor https://www.linkedin.com/in/mark-pui-bab/ mark pui has recently been the executive director pwc kuala lumpur, malaysia. draws his skills and experience from long and successful career management consulting, corporate finance, consulting, and advising. mark also seed investor early-stage companies like bancor, eos, qtum, tezos, and many others. within the blockchain space, his focus lies blockchain interoperability, tokenization financial and non-financial assets, privacy protocols, stablecoins, and enterprise-oriented use cases. dr. drasko veselinovic, multi ceo experience www.linkedin.com/in/draskoveselinovic/ assoc. prof. dr. drasko veselinovic the president and ceo sebra slovenian business and research association. his career, held many top executive positions and has more notably co-founded the yugoslavian stock exchange well the slovenian stock exchange. this day, remains well-respected authority the field business, finance, and education. simon belak, tech entrepreneur www.linkedin.com/in/simonbelak/ simon tech entrepreneur, highly proficient data analytics, and currently working mad scientist with metabase. able juxtapose philosophical views and concepts with advanced science and technology unique perspective rarely found. dr. daithi murchu, president rceedao ireland https://www.linkedin.com/in/dr-daith%c%ad-%c%b-murch%c%ba- dr. daithi murchu the president rceedao ireland and under parliament and commission appointment. also founding member the international fellow academy ubiquitous communication educators international. has vast experience from the education segment well technology, innovation, business, and management. disclaimer "this paper for information purposes only, and part intended create legal relations between recipient this paper legally binding enforceable such recipient against the company that owns the project. updated version this paper may published date determined and announced the company that owns the project course. the company that owns the project makes warranties representations the successful development implementation such technologies and innovations, achievement any other activities noted the paper, and disclaims any warranties implied law otherwise, the extent permitted law." risk factors this section risk factors not and does not purport complete enumeration explanation the risks involved with the purchase zxc token. there may additional material risks that the directors not currently consider material which the directors are not aware. the following therefore highlights certain risks which the company subject and which the company wishes encourage purchaser discuss with their own professional advisors. prospective zxc token purchasers should conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding this company, the zxc token, and all other relevant market and economic factors they deem appropriate fully evaluate the merits and risk their purchase. the company and its directors disclaim any responsibility advise purchasers zxc token the risk and considerations associated with the purchase zxc token they exist the date hereof from time time hereinafter. each prospective purchaser any zxc token must determine, based his/her own independent review and such professional advice (including, without limitation, tax, accounting, credit, legal and regulatory advice) deems appropriate, that the purchase zxc token appropriate and suitable for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent with the purchase zxc token. you should consult with your own legal, regulatory, tax, business, investment, financial and accounting professional advisors the extent that you deem necessary, and make your own decisions including decisions regarding the suitability this purchase based upon your own judgement and upon advice from such professional advisors you deem necessary and not upon any view expressed any party mentioned this whitepaper. the purchaser zxc token should capable evaluating the merits and risks such purchase and should have sufficient resources able bear any losses (which may equal the whole purchased amount) that may result from such purchase. prospective purchasers zxc token should aware that the value zxc token may down well and that they may not able realise their purchase amount the secondary market (if there any). forward-looking statements certain statements this whitepaper constitute "forward-looking statements" that are used the beliefs the directors and reflect their current expectations. when used this whitepaper any the company's material, the words "estimate", "project", "believe", "anticipate", "intend", "expect", "plan", "predict", "may", "might", "could", "should", "would", "will", the negative these words such other variations thereon comparable terminology are intended identify forward-looking statements. such statements reflect the views the directors the time the statements are made with respect future events based information available that time and are subject risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results differ materially from those contemplated those forward-looking statements. the directors assume obligation update revise these statements reflect current information, events, circumstances, including changes any risks uncertainties that may impact them. management risk any the directors officers the company cease participate the operation the company, the operations, objectives, and activities the company may adversely affected. liquidity zxc token the date this whitepaper, there active secondary market for the zxc token. whilst the directors hope that the success the company will lead secondary market developing, there guarantee assurance that public market will ever develop. there often assurance that purchaser the zxc token will able sell dispose the zxc token. changes applicable law and regulation the directors believe that possible that emergency intervention certain governments may take place the future respect icos. such intervention may implemented "emergency" basis, subjecting market participants without notice set regulations which some cases may unclear scope and application. should any relevant laws regulations change, the legal requirements which the company and the zxc token may subject could differ materially from current requirements. assurance can given that future legislation, administrative rulings, court decisions will not adversely affect the company and the zxc token. the company may subject number unusual risks, including contradictory legislation, incomplete, unclear and changing laws, ignorance breaches regulations the part other market participants, lack established effective avenues for legal redress, lack standard practices and confidentiality customs characteristic developed markets and lack enforcement existing regulations. early-stage companies the company start-up and has operating history against which purchasers the zxc token may consider the appropriateness purchasing the zxc token. many risks and uncertainties affect start-up and early-stage companies, which often have very limited operating history, profits, cash flow. there can assurance the success such enterprises. their potential must considered light the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications, and delays frequently encountered connection with new developing businesses, including technology risks, unproven business models, untested plans, uncertain market acceptance, competition and lack revenues and financing. the technological fields and markets that many start-up and early stage companies address have undergone and are expected continue undergo rapid and significant change. rapid technological developments may result the technology companies becoming obsolete, uneconomical, uncompetitive before any commercial success financial return can achieved. numerous other risks may affect developing companies and ventures, including risks that products services will found ineffective, unreliable, unsafe uncompetitive and risks that such companies' technologies, products service will not achieve market acceptance penetration. market acceptance new products, services, technologies depends many factors and uncertainties and cannot assured. start-up and early-stage companies may compete with entities that have established businesses, relationships and positions the market and that have much more substantial financial, business, technological, marketing and distribution assets, operations and resources. there can assurance that any developing company will able compete successfully with more established companies. these companies may overly dependent the vision, skill, and leadership single limited number executives. start-up business, the loss disability key person(s) can result significant financial hardship, some cases, the failure the company. any projections, forecasts, plans other forward-looking statements are subject numerous risks, uncertainties, changing circumstances and other factors that could cause actual results, performance, plans, prospects, operations, and opportunities differ materially from any forward-looking statements, including competition, inability identify and business with appropriate customers, existing and future law and regulations, liabilities under the securities laws, inability hire, retain qualify sufficient management and staff, general economic conditions, rapid technological change, cost overruns, delays bringing products services market, marketing failures, difficulty penetrating markets, delays failures developing anticipated capabilities, products services, failure obtain necessary regulatory approvals, insufficient funding, lack availability capital, rates economic growth, levels consumer and business spending, conditions the technology and financial industries, dependence strategic partners and business relationships, unproven business models, adverse developments affecting customers and end-users, fluctuations securities markets and valuations, limited marketing, expansion risks, losses and costs, uncertain revenues and profitability, conditions particular industries, accounting problems, costs, delays and liabilities arising from legal proceedings, failure obtain and maintain intellectual property proprietary rights and management failures. banking and custody arrangements the company's cash will held bank. the company acknowledges that any such deposits are not guaranteed the bank and are exposed losses incurred the event the insolvency failure the bank. the company will take credit risk against any party, which holding its cash. the company will, therefore, rank general unsecured creditor the event the insolvency failure the bank with which deposits instruments have been placed. regulatory supervision the company and the zxc token are not regulated the slovenian financial services commission any other regulatory supervisory authority. the slovenian financial services commission does not vouch for the financial soundness the company, the zxc token for the correctness any statements made, opinions expressed with regards it. cybersecurity cybersecurity threats are present within the realms cryptocurrencies. there risk loss funds, including total loss, should unauthorised intrusion theft occur. whilst the company has considered its cybersecurity, risks related software weakness, human error, external attacks, and others, continue exist and pose material risk the company and the value the zxc token. advances cryptography, technical advances such the development quantum computers, may present risks for crypto-currencies, which could result the theft loss zxc. hackers other malicious criminal groups organizations may attempt interfere with the token sale, the ecosystem the availability zxc several ways including, but not limited to, denial service attacks, sybil attacks, mystification, phishing, attacks, smurfing, malware attacks, consensus-based attacks. ethereum network the zxc token part the ethereum network. problems related the ethereum network normal functionality arise, this may affect the zxc token functionality and may adversely affect the company and the value the zxc token. therefore, any malfunction, unplanned function, unexpected operation the ethereum protocol may cause the zxc ecosystem zxc malfunction operate way that not expected. ether, the native ethereum protocol account unit may itself lose value similar way zxc, and also other ways. for more information the ethereum protocol, see http://www.ethereum.org. any error the smart contract may lead the loss with other decentralized cryptographic tokens and crypto-currencies, the ethereum blockchain used for the ecosystem vulnerable mining attacks, including but not limited to, dual-expense attacks, powerful mining attacks, selfish mining attacks, and critical competition attacks. any successful attack poses risk the software and the expected performance and sequencing ethereum contract calculations. despite the best efforts the team, the risk known new mining attacks exists. crypto-currencies and cryptographic tokens represent cutting-edge, untested technology. addition the risks stipulated above, there are other risks that the xcert team cannot predict. risks may also occur unanticipated combinations changes the risks stipulated herein. the foregoing risk factors not purport complete explanation the risks involved with the company and the zxc token.