adn whitepaper version introduction vision background introduction existing concepts bitcoin ethereum eos tron architecture erc- token core application and storage consensus cryptographic hashing consensus comparison proof-of-work proof-of-stake delegated proof-of-stake (dpos) account account types regular accounts token accounts contract accounts block token and resource usage token arc- token governance block reward adn council dapp development api networks tools conclusion introduction bitcoin will always one the most innovative developments the history money. bitcoin, the first decentralized digital asset, proved that possible for something intangible, with issuer and backing, have trillion-dollar market. the popularity bitcoin payment network and new kind money not only attracted fintech pundits, but also traders and investors looking exchange fiat money digital assets hopes making profit prices advance. because the demand for digital assets, bitcoin?s existing concepts had been used reference develop more cryptocurrencies that contributed the creation many marketplaces that allow trading digital currencies. projects like eth, eos, and tron are also major contributors the expansion the cryptocurrency space. enabling developers create their own coins through main network (mainnet), these projects are responsible for paving the way for new cryptocurrencies emerge. although cryptocurrency?s technical contributions are truly innovative and beneficial, there are many negative aspects that arose due existing gap the cryptocurrency industry; the lack initial coin offerings (icos). ever since the first token sale mastercoin july many icos followed. one the most notable ico ethereum?s ico that raised btc (approximately million during that time) the first hours. more and more icos report success raising funds, but now more than ever, cryptocurrency investors know that it?s not all positive since has caused financial loss well. despite having successful icos, has been criticized mechanism used commit fraud. there are many investors who became victims scammers who are applying ?pump and dump? scheme which the scammers boost their ico through marketing and promises future profit, and then cashes out dumping the coin. this situation, investors are left suffer with huge financial losses. vision what adn intends provide blockchain with high-throughput, high scalability, and high availability for decentralized applications (dapps) the adn ecosystem. combining the benefits initially proposed its cryptocurrency predecessors such bitcoin, ethereum, eos and tron, the project will also have built-in investor-oriented mechanism programmed protect the interests the investors when they invest cryptocurrency projects icos based adn. background contrary popular opinion, the concept decentralized digital currency has been floating around for decades. the individuals and organizations used chaumian blinding make private not entirely anonymous transactions. however, the initiative failed because the protocol relied centralized intermediary. another precursor cryptocurrencies b-money which claimed ?anonymous, distributed electronic cash system.? the idea was able turn the heads people, yet failed gain traction because its proponent, wei dai, couldn?t provide detailed and tangible explanation how decentralized consensus could done. was only during when unspecified figure who went the name satoshi nakamoto demonstrated what his predecessors failed accomplish. was able make digital transaction using digital and decentralized currency, which now know bitcoin. introduction existing concepts bitcoin bitcoin uses proof-of-work (pow), consensus algorithm that solves the needs cryptography while attaining the lofty ideal decentralization. the algorithm allows anyone join its network, thereby promoting decentralization and giving users the power defend the network from sybil attacks. this accomplished replacing formal barrier economic barrier, wherein node that has more computing power will have more weight the consensus voting process. ethereum ethereum created protocol that focused building decentralized applications and providing platform for different tradeoffs occur. highlights high-speed transactions and development, security, and interoperability among its users. ethereum made this possible building blockchain network with built-in turing-complete programming language which allows anyone write smart contracts and develop decentralized applications (dapps). this platform gives the users freedom create their own rules for ownership, transaction formats and state transition functions. the structure behind ethereum intended follow the principles simplicity, universality, modularity, agility, and non-discrimination and non-censorship. the ethereum protocol crafted simple possible. average programmer developer should able implement the entire specifications the network, create democratic and original platform that will bring cryptocurrencies together. any upgrade which adds complexity should not included unless that enhancement would provide significant benefit all. vital part ethereum?s design philosophy that not bounded with rigid features. anything possible with ethereum your hands digital assets, operating systems, and maintaining databases, among other functionalities. over the course development, ethereum?s goal remain basic and operational possible. program where one was make minimal changes one aspect, the application general would continue function without any discrepancies. the details which the ethereum protocol working upon are not fixed. although needs comprehensive analysis before making alterations, once results show that certain modifications are needed improve scalability security, the ethereum virtual machine (evm) might upgraded. the ethereum protocol constructed avoid restrictions preventive measures specific categories usage. all mechanisms are merely regulators for possible risks, but does not attempt oppose undesirable applications. eos since the introduction blockchain technology entrepreneurs and developers have strived incorporate the technology wider range applications single blockchain network. eos has designed blockchain architecture that has the potential scale enhancing its transaction-per-second (tps) performance, reducing latency seconds, removing pertransaction fees, and offering better user experience than those provided prevailing centralized services. applications the eos blockchain adaptable enough support millions users, offer free services, develop new upgrades, resolve bugs, avoid delayed responses, handle high volumes transactions, and could simultaneously function different settings. some circumstances, blockchain application needs certain number users for work its optimum performance. for this easily done, platform should able handle huge number users ensure the best user experience. blockchain-based applications should regularly updated for enhanced user experience. the platform supports software and smart contract upgrades, thus developing new features, resolving bugs, and fixing other problems that might have been reported. well-developed and stable platform could modified without causing any delays and must robust enough recover from any unexpected failures sudden errors. ensuring that response will given matter seconds will make applications built blockchain stand out and outperform applications which are under centralized, controlled system. the eos platform supports low latency transferring data and real-time transactions. platform should able simultaneously function across different settings. eos? interoperability works perfectly, which then results high-performance transactions performed successfully. tron the great recession allowed individuals recognize the changes that the banking and finance sector needs order adjust the needs the people. the birth and immediate fame bitcoin proved this true. from having worth virtually nothing, bitcoin has become one the most expensive commodities. peaked valuing around usd which was largely due the promise providing smart, secure, decentralized, and anonymous transactions using blockchain technology, specifically through the proof-of-work (pow) consensus mechanism. six years later, ethereum was officially launched allow developers create their own decentralized applications (dapps) through what now know ?smart contracts?. but both bitcoin and ethereum encountered one adamant stumbling block which hindered their way mass adoption: scalability. more people used these cryptos for day-to-day transactions, throughput times slowed down, while fees increased. people had turn elsewhere, or, the case the crypto community, create new technology that can relied on. hence, tron was created solve the scalability issues which haunted bitcoin and ethereum. architecture the adn protocol designed become high-performance blockchain platform wherein developers can create dapps. focuses protecting the investment ico participants through its investment protection mechanism. these will further elucidated below. erc- token adn will start off erc- token will developed the ethereum blockchain. erc- tokens are tokens designed and used solely the ethereum platform. they follow list standards that they can shared, exchanged for other tokens, transferred cryptowallet. there are six unique functions that erc- expounds for the sake other tokens within the ethereum network. these are relatively basic functionality issues and threats, including the process which these tokens are transferred across the network and how ethereum users can granted access information regarding particular token. the benefits using erc- tokens include convenience and liquidity. since the erc regulations present proper blueprint for developers follow, easier for them come with tokens instead starting from scratch. there are far too many obstacles and gaps fill when creating tokens with specific functions from scratch. aside from the token-creating process, there are also other tasks that developers need spend considerable time in, which are creating safe wallets and applying for token listing exchanges. there also the threat transferring tokens through broken contracts, which make the transaction process tedious and prone hacks. important factor that critical for the overall valuation the ethereum network the liquidity these erc tokens. the projects top ethereum continuously become active and interconnected with each other, then going bring more projects and more users the ethereum network, such the case with adn. may total erc- compatible tokens are found the ethereum main network. within the ethereum ecosystem, developers such adn, are allowed interact between other tokens. mentioned above, adn will initially developed erc- token, and developers will observe and test the token against possible technical flaws. once the adn team has finished with the necessary preparations, and the developers have deemed the platform stable and secure, adn will migrate from the ethereum mainnet its own blockchain. adn currently developing its own blockchain, and the team the process creating its own testnet. will adopting some the cutting-edge features prominent blockchain ecosystems such ethereum, eos, and tron. the team believes that there are commendable features technologies from the aforementioned ecosystems, and will improve their technologies create ecosystem most conducive the fulfillment our purpose and structure. core adn employs different modules the core aspect, but primarily focuses smart contracts and consensus. adn has its unique stack-based virtual machine, namely adn virtual machine (avm), and uses solidity its smart contract language. implements delegated proof stake (dpos), proven the most efficient among presently-existing consensus mechanisms. application and storage the adn protocol created primarily allow developers create dapps its blockchain. with the use smart contracts, projects are funded holding secured and investor-friendly icos. adn blockchain will using on-chain and off-chain bank the storage potential offchain and decrease transaction weight. once ico complete, and the dapp running smoothly, developers can opt migrate newly-minted chains separate main chain. consensus (dpos) cryptographic hashing bitcoin and ethereum?s consensus mechanism called proof work (pow). transactions pow protocol broadcasted through the network and grouped together into nascent blocks for confirmation from miners. the process confirmation includes transaction hashing through cryptographic hashing algorithms until merkle root has been reached, creating merkle tree. below are properties cryptographic hashing algorithms that are used prevent any threat network attacks: input output length size the algorithm can pass input any length size, and outputs fixed length hash value. efficiency the algorithm relatively easy and fast compute. preimage resistance for given output impossible find any input such that h(x) other words, the hashing algorithm h(x) one-way function which only the output can found, given input. but the reverse not possible. collision resistance computationally improbable locate any pairs such that h(x) h(x). other words, the probability finding two different inputs hashing the same output extremely low. this property also implies second preimage resistance. second preimage resistance given and thus h(x), computationally improbable locate any such that h(x) h(x). while this property identical collision resistance, this differs that implying that attacker with given will find computationally improbable locate any hashing the same output. deterministic maps each input one and only one output. avalanche effect small alteration the input leads completely different output. these are what provides the cryptocurrency network its intrinsic value protecting the network from any possible sabotage. whenever miners confirm newly-minted block, they are rewarded with tokens prize for participation the network. but the global crypto market capitalization increased, did the miners who combined their resources exponentially increase their computing potential. miners also hoarded tokens assets, rather than using them satoshi nakamoto had originally envisioned his bitcoin whitepaper. over time, gpu mining replaced the once-conventional cpu mining. this has been further replaced asics, which are primarily created mine specific cryptocurrencies. this drastic change created ramifications for miners regarding the amount electricity needed sustain mining operations well the hefty cost for the rig. according study, the amount electricity required for bitcoin mining operation has been estimated reach equal ireland?s power consumption. the study projects total power consumption reach the future. solution the growing energy consumption crisis, the proof stake (pos) consensus mechanism was developed and promoted many relatively newer networks. this mechanism, holders certain token would ?lock? stake their token become block validators. these validators take turns proposing and validating future possible blocks, and they do, new tokens are awarded them reward. but the issue with this mechanism that validator influence correlates directly the number tokens that have been staked the validator. this has resulted groups crypto miners that are hoarding massive amounts the network?s token hold sway over the network?s ecosystem and consensus. consensus comparison proof work (pow): the proof-of-work consensus the very first consensus algorithm. uses hash function create conditions under which single participant permitted announce their conclusions about the submitted information, and those conclusions can then independently veri?ed all other system participants. the process searching for valid ?hashes? (solutions the ?hash function? created the message input), known ?mining?. pros: completely decentralized cons: consume lot energy, low throughput proof stake (pos) the proof-of-stake consensus similar the pow system. pos replaces the hash function calculation with digital signature which proves ownership the first stake. the network selects individual approve new messages based their proportional stake the network. pros: high throughput cons: nothing-at-stake problem. rewarding those who are already are most deeply involved the network inherently creates increasingly centralized system delegated proof stake (dpos) adn platform will adapt the the delegated proof-of-stake (dpos) consensus. dpos works similarly the proof-of-stake system, with the addition the ability individuals choose overarching entity represent their portion stake the system. pros: high throughput cons: takes time ?nalize and correct the chain one the master nodes fail generating block. account account types the three types accounts the adn platform are regular accounts, token accounts, and contract accounts. regular accounts regular accounts are used for standard transactions. ico companies will have regular accounts that can utilized for normal transactions. these accounts can also trigger smart contracts for decentralized applications (dapps) development required for each participating body. token accounts token accounts are used for storing arc- tokens. ico companies can benefit from having storage for their acquired arc- tokens. these tokens are tokens the adn platform which can deployed for the investors? projects. upon success each ico stage, arc- token funds can then accessed securely through the token accounts for further advancement. contract accounts contract accounts are smart contract accounts created regular accounts. from adn blockchain, business developers can create smart contract depending their functions and projects mind. smart contracts created can merge dapps per client requirements. block token and resource usage there are major categories where resources are consumed bandwidth and log storage computational backlog and computation power state storage blockchain maintains logs each and every action and these actions are downloaded all full nodes. bandwidth and computation have two major components, instantaneous usage and longterm usage. logs give ability walk back through the genesis block. token arc- token arc- technical standard used for smart contracts implementing tokens supported the adn virtual machine. the interface below: contract arcinterface function totalsupply() public constant returns (uint); function balanceof(address tokenowner) public constant returns (uint balance); function allowance(address tokenowner, address spender) public constant returns (uint remaining); function transfer(address to, uint tokens) public returns (bool success); function approve(address spender, uint tokens) public returns (bool success); function transferfrom(address from, address to, uint tokens) public returns (bool success); event transfer(address indexed from, address indexed to, uint tokens); event approval(address indexed tokenowner, address indexed spender, uint tokens); governance every member the adn ecosystem vie for the position delegated representative (dr), and there will total positions fill. the members will allowed cast one vote per token, and those who earn the most votes will assigned the position. the ecosystem will hold vote every hours, and should another member surpass any terms overall votes, the designation will change accordingly. add security measures against possible malicious attacks, the ecosystem has included cost for members become candidate. when applying,, adn tokens will burned from the candidate?s account. block reward the delegated representatives will share adn tokens block rewards. those who did not win enough votes become part the drs will share adn tokens the candidate. adn council the adn council will composed the drs who will have the opportunity improve adn?s network parameters, according how they and the community see fit. for new network parameter put into effect, the community will require least affirmative votes from the drs. the changes will reflect after days. prior the implementation, members the adn ecosystem are required perform the necessary actions they wish with the previous network parameters, these changes will irrevocable. dapp development api the adn network will offer wide selection http api gateways for interacting with the network via full and solidity notes. additionally, the team will develop comprehensive javascript library containing api functions that enable developers deploy smart contracts, change the blockchain state, query blockchain and contract information, trade, and much more. these api gateways can directed towards local privatenet within the adn platform. networks developers may connect the networks deploying nodes, interaction through using apis developed service consisting load balanced node clusters hosted aws servers worldwide. dapp development scales and api call volumes increase, the service successfully fields the increase api traffic. tools adn offers array development tools for enabling developers create innovative dapps. adn will develop framework that allows developers test and deploy smart contracts via api. the service will load balance and hosted api service that allows developers access the adn network without having run their own node. adn will develop comprehensive integrated development environment that enables developers compile, deploy and debug their solidity smart contracts. will contain internal full node that creates private local environment for smart contract testing prior deployment. the api library connects developers the network via wide selection http api calls wrapped javascript. conclusion adn will pioneering blockchain platform that will employ innovative methods for facing the challenges within blockchain networks. not only will technically advanced, but will also considering the investors participating the initial coin offerings the adn platform.