WHITE
PAPER V1.6
Decentralized Travel
Booking Marketplace.

14th March 2018
www.concierge.io

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
This document follows the process of

Concierge.io marketplace UI (User-

the Concierge.io design, development

Interface) and UE (User-Experience)

and execution. Concierge.io is

has been designed to give as much

a decentralized travel booking

accessibility to both the vendor and

marketplace that utilizes the NEO

consumers. The platform utilizes specific

blockchain, reducing 3rd party

API’s to enable speed of transfering

interaction, whilst pledging a

listings from other platforms providing

transparent operational process. The

maximum efficiency. Traditional

Concierge.io travel booking platform

payment methods (e.g. Visa/Master

connects consumers directly with

Card) will be an option with top

vendors over the platform, to discuss

cryptocurrencies added in due course.

their deals with no fees or commissions.

While for consumers the ease of use for

We aim to become the first

now booking a hotel, tour or property

decentralized global travel marketplace

utilizing cryptocurrencies is upon us.

that will be a one-stop shop for all travel

The focus towards the community will

related services. Current centralized

be to increase substantial worth of

market leaders (e.g. Booking.com,

the CGE token. This will increase as we

Airbnb. com, Expedia.com) take 15 to

constantly grow the team bringing in

45% booking fees from vendors, which

both blockchain and travel industry

prices are passed onto consumers more

experts and develop the platform giving

often than not. Added to this fee, are

an everyday usage for blockchain whilst

ones from payment merchants charging

changing the industry for the better.

around 2-3% on each transaction.

2

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Executive Summary
1.0		

Introduction

2.0		

Market Overview

3.0		

Concierge Business model

4.0		

Why Blockchain?

5.0		

CGE Ledger

6.0		

CGE Token Sale

7.0		

Decentralized App & Web Platform

8.0		

Project Dynamics & System Architecture

9.0		

Technical

10.0		

Business & Platform Development Roadmap

11.0		

Team

12.0		

Risk factors

13.0		

Regulatory strategy

14.0		

FAQ

15.0		

References

16.0		

Disclaimer

3

1.0 INTRODUCTION

1.1

Inspiration

Travel & tourism generated approximately $7.2 Trillion (9.8% of global GDP) in 2016 [1]. Online
booking covers a majority of the revenues with 76% of those bookings taken online [2]. However, in
this situation, the 76% of online booking often go through one the big 5 intermediaries dominating
the industry, collectively setting high percentage booking fees. In turn, reducing and slowing the
development of these businesses. Due to the lack of change over the last decade within online
booking platforms, this presents an opportunity for utilization of the blockchain within the industry.

1.2

Overview

Current online platforms have such power over vendors they issue an average of 30% fee on each
booking (In some cases we have seen up to 50% fees). Due to the dominance of the key players, it’s
hard for vendors from small to large groups to go elsewhere, until now.
Concierge.io provides a user-friendly booking and exchange platform utilizing the NEO blockchain.
The platform will be beneficial for vendors, offering them considerable lower costs to use the
platform. Thus, allowing vendors to set a lower price for consumers but retain a higher profit they
are entitled to. The platform will provide a transparent, safe and non-influential environment for
consumer something which we haven’t yet seen within the industry.

1.3

Vision

Concierge.io will be developed as a decentralized application and web-platform that allows us to
move away from the common treats which are presented within the industry at the current moment.
Concierge.io aims to be the most transparent, secure and safe system for booking and purchase of
all aspect of the travel and tourism sector.

1.4

Booking Speed, Safety, and Transparency

Current intermediaries take bookings with an average confirmation time between 24-48 hours.
They also allow vendors to pay for reviews to be manipulated and changed accordingly. These
intermediaries also state they play no role in the refund process if listings aren’t as described or
there is a discrepancy with the booking.
This is common practice across multiple monopolies within the industry which highlights a
disregard for both vendors and consumers within the supply chain.

4

1.0 INTRODUCTION

1.5

Areas of Revolution

Below are the 10 key areas in which Concierge.io surpasses benefit over the traditional
means of booking.

1.

Blockchain – The technology enables us to
control and automate systematic errors
which occur in the current process of
booking.

7.

Loyalty – System standards for users to
meet, give them rewards upon reaching
goals, etc. This will use an automated
system.

2.

Reviews – Blockchain allows transparency
and honesty to the review system.

8.

3.

Overbooking – Blockchain will enable us to
never double book a single booking.

Policy and compliance – Blockchain
facilitates users to book locations they desire
as long as it’s within policy. Travel data
still gets collected, consolidated and made
available, instantly.

4.

Charge backs – Blockchain allows use to
reduce risk of payment charge backs. While
reducing the risk of any personal data being
stored anywhere.

9.

Duty of care – With blockchain, risk
management systems could be granted
access to a traveler’s location at any time,
benefiting greatly in cases of calamities.

5.

Traveler profiles – Blockchain enables one
unified profile available to those explicitly
given access.

10. Removing silos – Blockchain allows a

6.

Settlement – Blockchain enables a medium
of exchange in the transfer of payments in
real-time, instantly settled, streamlined and
continuous auditing and reduction of fees.

predominance of permission and private
blockchain in the industry, closed ecosystems
are already well developed, so this is the
next step forward for the industry.

5

1.0 INTRODUCTION

1.6

Solution

Concierge.io solves the issues stated above by creating an innovative decentralized application
and web-platform which utilizes the NEO blockchain to bring;
•
Speed to transactions incorporating instant transactions between users - Instant
transactions over the NEO blockchain 1,000 TPS (Transactions Per Second).
•
Safety to booking in case of disputes or discrepancies - we will offer a dispute option within
each booking made via Concierge.io platforms. (Evidence of the issue within the booking/service
would need to be presented, and both parties must respond in due time to agree about the issue).
•
Transparent and accurate reviews (Blockchain doesn’t allow reviews to be manipulated or
edited so there’s always honest feedback from genuine customers).
•
Peer-To-Peer communication between vendor and consumer (Concierge.io are the first to
market within the travel industry utilizing the Peer-To-Peer function).

6

2.0 MARKET OVERVIEW

2.1

Total Contribution of Travel & Tourism GDP

2016 - Billion USD
12,000
10,000
8,000
6,000
4,000
2,000

DIRECT

INDIRECT

2,027

2,017

2,016

2,015

2,014

2,013

2,012

2,011

2,010

2,009

2,008

2,007

0

INDUCED

2.2 Breakdown of Travel & Tourism’s total
contribution to GBP and employment 2016
GDP (2016 Billion USD))

Global Investment Positives:

1,327
3,639

•

Global bookings across the
industry are on an upward trend.

•

Demand is expected to keep
maintaining an upward trend
regarding growth.

•

The Asian market is also on an
upward trend, and many vendors
are adding more availability.

2,230
107,833
124,880
50,865

DIRECT

INDIRECT

INDUCED

= Total contribution of travel & tourism

7

2.0 MARKET OVERVIEW
2.3 Online Sector Review
Growth in the Online Travel Agency industry is likely to be below the expectations set by the last
few years. The conversion from offline to online booking is largely complete, and industry growth
depends on the slower organic growth of the whole travel industry as opposed to a shift within it.
As travel service vendors react to the slowdown in growth, the Online Travel Agencies could face
declining rates on transactions hurting profitability. Vendors of travel services seek to cut out the
intermediaries. A strengthening dollar will weigh on international revenues. Hotel room bookings are
a significant driver of revenue for most of the industry.
Majority booking platforms within the industry utilizing metasearch engines. Metasearch is
understood to allow individual vendor’s access to the search engine showing listings from only
that company across times locations or services. Online advertising space specific to travel is also
available to purchase. Thus, creating consumers, travel consumers and travel vendors.

2.4 KEY INDUSTRY STATISTICS:
28.9
7.19
24.65%
Est 3-5 Yr EPS Growth
21.16%
Historic 3 Yr EPS Growth 23.8%
Historic 3 Yr Sales Growth 23.1%
Beta
1.43
Top Firms by Market Cap
66,766M
Priceline
Expedia
16,162M
CTrip
13,571M
TripAdvisor
9,374M
Custom Portfolio Weights
Priceline
63.07%
Expedia
15.30%
CTrip
12.78%
TripAdvisor
8.85%
P/E
P/S
ROE

Digital travel worldwide sales between 2014 -2019 (billion USD)

1000
800
600

470.97

533.52

593.18

649.85

704.77

762.34

400
200
0

Priceline:

Booking.com
Priceline.com
Agoda.com
KAYAK
RentalCars.com
OpenTable

TripAdvisor:

TripAdvisor.com
Viator.com

2014
Expedia:

Ctrip:

2015

2016*

2017*

2018*

2019*

Expedia.com
Hotels.com
Hotwire
Travelocity
Egencia
CarRentals.com
Orbitz.com
Cheaptickets.com
Ctrip.com

Currently in the online travel market Priceline, Expedia, TripAdvisor & Ctrip have complete
monopolies over the market. Consumers don’t even realize that these companies are monopolies
as they present themselves as competing brands. They allow consumers to believe that they have
a choice when in fact the ownership of each platform is in the hands of the same corporations.

8

3.0 CONCIERGE BUSINESS MODEL
3.1

What Does Concierge.io Offer?

Concierge.io is a marketplace offering a transparent, simple booking platform for Hotels, Tour and
property exchanges within the travel & tourism industry. Creating a global interactive purchasing
and exchange platform, reducing the cost for all users while considerably increasing service levels
and accessibility. Concierge.io improves all aspects of what is currently offered within the industry.

3.2 Network Scalability
Within industry, average transaction per online platform is approximately 1,000 TPS (transaction
per second). Concierge.io initially looked to use Ethereum. However, long-term scalability of ETH
simply wouldn’t scale up to the transaction speed and quantity that we expect. This directed
Concierge.io to utilize the NEO blockchain currently running at 1,000 confirmed TPS with the
potential to reach 10,000 TPS. To compete for a strong market position Concierge.io will utilize
the NEO blockchain to its optimum [3].

3.3 Benefits Of Concierge.io
Concierge.io acts as a facilitator in the transaction between the vendor and consumer, presenting
the listings of hotels, tours or property exchanges offered upon the Concierge network.
•

Peer-To-Peer communication offered between vendor and consumer

•

Minimal charges on booking transactions

•

Considerably lower operational cost for all listings

•

Transparent platform and network

•

Secure and encrypted operational system

•

0% Booking Commision Fees for Vendors

9

3.0 CONCIERGE BUSINESS MODEL
3.4 Customer Segmentation
Our consumer segmentation is divided into 2 sections, as we target both consumers and vendors
for our platforms:
Consumers:

•

Millennials aged: 18-35 are the consumer target for the app.

•

From 35+ on the web-platform. (Both platforms work coherently and complement each other).

Vendors:

•

Hotel & resort vendors.

•

Trip & tour operators: from small solo run tours to operators with multi-tours.

•

All services within travel, we will look to incorporate in the long term directly through the app
and web platform.

3.5 Distribution Channels
Prior communications with our network, within the travel sector, indicate the industry’s support to
Concierge.io’s concept and that they look forward to becoming part of Concierge.io when it is ready.
Social media channels will be a key focus to reach our specific target demographics (Including
Facebook, Instagram, and YouTube). Also, incorporating the use of Google keywords (SEO) as
another focal point.
We will adjust our campaign at specific periods of the year when consumers make bookings, in each
location and will target those areas with special offers.
(To make it easier for vendors to join we are incorporating the use of specific API’s which will allow
them to simply click to transfer listings from existing sites they operate on).

3.6 Costing Breakdown Structure
•

Development of the application and web-platform

•

Maintenance and updating of application & web-platform.

•

Marketing: Reaching the target audience of the consumers and vendors.

•

Employment: Bringing together a team of strong, diverse individuals, adaptable, experienced
within blockchain and all technical areas of digital business operations.

See section 6.0 for further information on the tokenomics of the project.

10

3.0 CONCIERGE BUSINESS MODEL

3.7 Revenue Streams
Concierge.io is a travel booking platform with 0% commission fee and we utilize featured/sponsored
advertising. Search pages will contain up to 3 featured ads within each consumer search.
We will only be offering 3 positions on each page to be available for featured ads, this has a twofold
advantage. Firstly we will not be inundating the page with advertising, therefore, diminishing the
significance of the organic searches. And, secondly, this website real estate will have premium value
for the vendor wishing to promote their offering above the standard organic search.
We envision a proportion of the saving that each vendor receives from using a 0% booking fee site
will actually be utilized to pay for this featured space. The adverts of this featured space will be
similar to the standard organic search but will have a small indicator showing that they are featured
and therefore paid for by the vendor. This will enable a consumer to still have a choice as to which
type of search result to click on thereby maintaining the quality and independence of the
search listings.

NOTE: This will have no impact on the organic rankings of each listing. Our goal is to
optimize trade between consumers and vendors but to never impact on fair trade or quality
standards.

11

4.0 WHY BLOCKCHAIN?
4.1

Systematic Recording

Concierge.io is a travel booking platform based on the NEO blockchain which incorporates verifiable
records, which confirms that a transaction has followed the correct procedures. Consumers will
have confidence that payments will be made instantly while recording the terms of the deal over the
Blockchain. Including bringing transparency to the review process upon the platform.

4.2 Reduction in Transaction Costs
Blockchain allows us to move away from traditional methods of transaction fees often ranging
between 1% to 10% set as flat fees regardless of transaction sizes. By using CGE, this will significantly
reduce the cost of a transaction, giving considerable savings to all users utilizing
the Concierge.io platform.
NOTE: Concierge.io will accept both fiat and cryptocurrencies. Rates of transaction fees will vary
dependant on method of payment.

4.3 Automated Disputes
We will be incorporating a systematic autonomous dispute function within the marketplace. Our
ecosystem will operate all standard disputes based on the evidence provided by the parties
involved. E.g. If a consumer booked an all-inclusive hotel booking with vendor A, and during their
stay they had food poisoning. The vendor would have pre-agreed within our terms and conditions
that if the consumer can provide evidence such as a doctor’s note from the period of time during
their stay, when this issue occurred they would be entitled to a refund.
All cases will be assessed thoroughly and constantly monitored by our team.

4.4 Peer-To-Peer Communication
Concierge.io will be the first booking platform to incorporate a direct connection between the vendor
and consumer via peer-to-peer chat. This chat will be privately hidden within the blockchain. Thus,
allowing a consumer to ask and understand any questions, royalty discounts or deals that are
currently on offer from said vendor.

4.5 Safe & Transparent
Concierge.io platform is to be fully transparent for both vendors and consumers while offering a
fairer deal. By reducing costs for vendors, in turn, bring costs down for consumers while increasing
service levels. Safety within the marketplace is essential and needs to be evident within the industry,
this is somewhat lacking at the present moment across all other platforms currently available online.

12

5.0 CGE LEDGER

5.1

Concierge.io Community

By constructing a community around CGE, it allows added value to the system and what is built
around it. Evidentially this will become somewhat of a focus point for the attraction of new users
over to the Concierge.io platform and NEO ecosystem.
Our platform provides ease of accessibility for both consumers and vendors to both list and
purchases anything upon the user-friendly platform.

5.2 CGE Monetary Reserve
By developing the community around CGE allows us to diversify the added value brought to the
system. By managing and establishing the CGE as the core software protocol will ensure that
Concierge.io always remains fair. Thus, the payment structure for exchange of monetary value for
the service being provided can always remain efficient, complete in real-time and professionally
regulated.

5.3 CGE Engine
CGE will operate autonomously and once the smart contract is deployed will indisputably exist upon
the blockchain.
Operations and construction of the CGE back-end will be as followed (This shows some, however, is
not limited to):

•

Booking placement

•

Booking confirmation policy

•

Check-in requirements & upgrade possibilities

•

Deposit holding

•

Deposit withholding

•

Deposit release/refunding upon check-out

•

Dispute trigger & dispute terms

•

Managing bookings

•

Optional history/reputation requirement for consumer

•

Payment processing

•

User profiling

•

User review (Both consumer & vendor)

13

5.0 CGE LEDGER

5.4 CGE Purpose
CGE is the intended token and payment method to be utilized on the Concierge.io platform.
The platform will take fiat payments via Visa/MasterCard and potentially other forms of
Cryptocurrency as we develop in future.
• Users utilizing CGE will see a considerably reduced cost of transaction fees rather than using
fiat or other forms of cryptocurrencies which incur different levels of fees.

5.5 Ledger Coverage
The ledger will be an open source, free to use, regulate and store all the transaction execution data
via smart contract triggers.
Operations of the decentralized CGE ledger will be as followed (This shows some, however, is not
limited to):

•

Booking placement

•

Booking confirmation policy

•

Check-in requirements & upgrade possibilities

•

Deposit holding

•

Deposit withholding

•

Deposit release/refunding upon check-out

•

Dispute trigger & dispute terms

•

Optional history/reputation requirement for consumer

•

User review (Both consumer & vendor)

5.6 Involvement
Concierge.io: Developing the concept within the community build around Concierge.io, CGE aims to
be the most commonly used payment method. The platform also facilitates the transaction from
vendor to consumers, showcasing the key benefits of utilizing the blockchain.
Concierge Global Limited : CGE token value dependent on the trade price, thus, ensuring fair
discounts and bonuses are giving CGE will be monitored constantly.

14

5.0 CGE LEDGER

5.7 Concierge.io Driver
Concierge.io intends to integrate CGE into the ecosystem, which all users will benefit significantly.
The ecosystem is largely driven by the number of vendors and availability within different regions
or areas where consumers are looking to visit. Due to this Concierge.io allows;
• Featured advertisement listings will be incentivised to vendors on a case by case basis.
• Discount offerings passed onto consumers while using the CGE token. (Encouraging usage of
native CGE token).
• Consumers regularly utilizing CGE on the platform will be eligible for an upgraded account in
which more discounts will be available.

15

6.0 CGE TOKEN SALE

6.1

Overview

Token Sale Details:

Token Background:

https://token.concierge.io/
Concierge.io is a travel booking marketplace
for Hotels, Tours & Property Exchanges. The
tokens will be utilized upon the platform; token
holders will also receive benefits in the future
for holding the tokens.

Pre-Sale Start = SOLD OUT
Token distribution event dates
Main-Sale Start = 31st March 2018 - 9AM UTC
Main-Sale End = 28th April 2018 - 9AM UTC

Type of Offer:

ICO

Token Ticker:

CGE

Total Tokens Quantity:

100,000,000

Tokens Available at Sales:

Pre-sale: 20,000,000
Main-sale: 45,000,000

Accepted Cryptocurrencies for Event:

NEO

ANY TOKENS NOT SOLD IN THE TOKEN SALES WILL BE DESTROYED.

16

6.0 CGE TOKEN SALE

6.2 Main-Sale Bonuses
0 - 3 HOURS

25%

3 - 6 HOURS

15%

6 - 12 HOURS

5%

12+

NO BONUS

PRE-SALE - SOLD OUT

MAIN-SALE
• 45,000,000 CGE Tokens
• Price Per Token = $0.35 USD
• Minimum Hard Cap: $11,925,000
• Maximum Hard Cap: $15,750,000 USD
• Duration: 4 Weeks

NOTE: Main-Sale will last for the duration of 4 weeks, if the hard cap is reached in under a 4 weeks
the sale will end.

CGE token is based on the NEO Blockchain and the NEO smart
contract, NEOContract.
Prices after pre-sale are subject to change.
(Price volatility of market cannot be accounted for).

17

6.0 CGE TOKEN SALE
6.3 Token Distribution
65%

Sold at in token sales to community
Retained for team, advisors and supports.

15%

•

30% Founders

•

20% Present Team

•

20% Future Hires

•

30% Advisors, Community, including
Backers

Reserved for future development. We
will hold these tokens for future business
development, R&D, fundraising and
expansion into other markets and sectors.

20%

20%

Public Distribution
Retained for team

15%

65%

Reserved for future
development

20% Reserved for Future Development Breakdown
Year 1

5 Million Tokens: Used for motivation of
developers within CGE ecosystem.

Year 2

5 Million Tokens: Further platform
development and employment hire.

Retained

10 Million Tokens will be retained as
contingency.

18

6.0 CGE TOKEN SALE
6.4 Fund Allocation
50%

Application and web-platform development
and technical developments

20%

Business development and Employment
hire/wages

25%

Worldwide integration of the platform
(Inc. Marketing)

2.5%

Legal – Set aside in case of any legal issues
that arise

2.5%

Servers and Administration

3%

2%

Development
15%

Internal Business
Integration
50%

30%

Legal
Servers & Admin

19

7.0 DECENTRALISED APP & WEB PLATFORM

7.1

System & Logistics

For consumers: A simple easy to navigate mobile and web platform that allows easy browsing of
the specific location they are interested in visiting. They can message the vendor with real-time
instant messaging, upon deciding on the of service, they can use the purchase button to begin the
transaction.
For vendors: We offer an easy to use mobile and web platforms with simple add and editing ability
to upload themselves onto the Concierge.io platform. We will be adding API’s that allow the vendors
a one-click solution for transferring their current listings from other platforms.

Consumers, vendors & investors will see the CGE utility token
increase in value considerably once the platform becomes live.

20

7.0 DECENTRALIZED APP & WEB PLATFORM
This visual image gives insigt into the current issue we are trying to address.
The current situation is as followed:

Current Situation

The following visual is our solution to this issue:

Concierge.io Solution

Concierge.io

Fixed 0% booking fee

From the visual examples above, we highlight the issue of the current system which Concierge. io
aims to completely disrupt and modernize. With this module, it enables Concierge.io to offer lower
costs, increased customer satisfaction and develops long-term data for the purpose to analyze
consumer trends.

7.2 Payment
Concierge.io operates a simple payment system; the user can opt to use the CGE token and fiat
currency via Visa/Master cards transactions as payments. Using fiat currency will, however, incur
the going rate for that payment system fee on the transaction. This is to enable non-crypto users
to be able to use the platform and still see considerable benefits in comparison to using already
established platforms.

21

7.0 DECENTRALIZED APP & WEB PLATFORM
Below we look at the architecture behind the payment process when purchasing on the platform.

3. Auth reads the
login CGE account
from the CGE cloud

2. Website requests
auto to auth server

4. The server requests
the owner of the
login CGE account to
validate the request

7. The mobile app
signs the authentication
challenge and returns
it to the server
1. User navigates to
website, inputs his
or her CGE address
or email

5. The user, owner of the login
CGE account, receives the
authentication request in his
or her smartphone

6. The user approves
the request

Followed by the architecture when the user purchases over the app.

6. The user sends the
transaction to the CGE
network

7. The authentication
server receives
confirmation of the
mapping between the
user’s address and the
login address

4. The user installs NEON
wallet and inputs the
address sent in the email
in the wallet website
5. The wallet website prepares a
transaction to establish the mapping
between the user’s CGE address and
his new login address, it then signals
NEON so the user can send this
transaction to the network.

8. The authentication server notifies the
mobile app the registration is complete

2. The mobile app generates a new
CGE address for logins and
sends all the info the the auth server
3. The user receives
an email with his new
CGE login address

1. User opens the
mobile app and
enters his email
address and new
unlock platform

22

7.0 DECENTRALIZED APP & WEB PLATFORM
7.3 Payment Transaction Process
Sale Process - Overview

1.

Sale agreed – Consumer makes a fiat payment to purchase CGE tokens.

2.

CGE tokens then used to make the payment over blockchain.

3.

CGE arrives in vendors account to be converted into fiat when vendor chooses.

4. The vendor would select change to fiat automatically done through the Concierge.io platform.

Sale Process - Detailed

1.

Sale agreed – Consumer uses Fiat or crypto (BTC, NEO, LTC) to buy CGE.

2. A BUY order appears on the system to be fulfilled in the general market using an API
(Some marketplaces this can be done such as HitBTC).
3.

If the order is not fulfilled within a certain time period, Concierge.io will fulfill the order.

4.

CGE is then sent to the vendors account over the blockchain.

5. Vendor chooses when to withdraw the CGE and places a SELL order Again automated
by an API process.
6.

If the order is not fulfilled within a certain time period, Concierge.io will fulfill the order.

23

7.0 DECENTRALIZED APP & WEB PLATFORM
These architecture images show the background of the backend system, which goes on
during each transaction.
The following images shows the simplicity of the transaction for the user when utilizing the
web platform.

1.

Enter the details of the sale

2.

Tap “Request payment” to display the QR code

3.

The customer scans the QR code with their phone and taps pay to confirm the transaction

4.

The vendor receives the payment and the booking is completed.

(When using the app, the authorization will be done via the phone).

7.4 Mitigate the risks of price fluctuations
CGE will be equivalent to fiat currencies that users exchange. The CGE token will be utilized as a
means of exchange in the Concierge ecosystem. If a user converts their fiat currencies into CGE
currency using US dollars, for example, the amount of CGE the user receives will be equivalent to the
significance of the US dollar at the specific moment in time. When booking, the current price at that
given time is used as the payment price.

24

7.0 DECENTRALIZED APP & WEB PLATFORM
7.5 Forwards
Currencies exchange market trade 24 hours a day, so a forward is a contract whereby parties agree
to trade an asset at a later date, and at a price specified now. With this forward contract, a user can
negate the risk of price fluctuations in the CGE ecosystem.

7.6 Wallet
Concierge.io wallet has an interface that is user-friendly and simple to operate, running in the web
environment. It will be downloadable via the Github. The wallet will follow that of the Neon wallet
and have a feature to ‘Participate in the token sale’. KYC will also come into play within this process
of wallet download.
Multi-signature accounts are best suited for accounts with numerous users like for corporations. It’s
safe because all involved parties are required to sign before transactions are authenticated Wallets
will be integrated into platform allowing ease of transaction for all users.

7.7

Concierge Ecosystem:

Wallet: exchange rates provided on the Concierge wallet will be derived from finance meta-data
distributors. However, debit cards users will be able to both online and walk-in merchant booking.
There will be no need to withdraw cash and deal with counting change after payment, making users’
lives more convenient.

7.8

Platform Coverage

Concierge.io is a platform that covers 3 segments of travel and tourism specifically hotel bookings,
tour bookings and property exchanges. With a possibility to go into other areas (see roadmap).
Users of Concierge.io will be able to reach the platform via our web platform, iOS mobile application
for iPhone or iPad and on Android mobiles and tablets.

7.9 Platform Challenges and Expansion
Concierge.io is a platform that covers 3 segments of travel and tourism specifically hotel bookings,
tour bookings and property exchanges.
Users of Concierge.io will be able to reach the platform via our web platform, an iOS mobile app for
iPhone or iPad and on Android mobiles and tablets.

25

8.0 PROJECT DYNAMICS
& SYSTEM ARCHITECTURE
8.1

System Architecture

The project dynamics and system design of Concierge.io consist of 3 layers:
User Layer – Both the app and web platform interface will work coherently. The app will be for iOS
and Android (Smartphones and tablets).
Centralized Frontend – This allows us the vendor to edit their listings database. Thus, reducing the
high cost associated with keeping data on the blockchain, Concierge.io will be keeping user listing
content (Content, pictures, and videos) on the Concierge servers. Transactions are executed and
completed via the blockchain smart contacts.

Decentralized Backend – As an open-source layer this will allow collective use for all. We support all
developers moving forward, who choose to utilize our open source code. Concierge.io will use NEO
blockchain allowing us to hold data on bookings and settlement information while keeping secure,
performed over the blockchain. (The payment rules for each booking).
Currently, leaders within the market have significantly good user experience, constantly optimized
web and mobile platforms. Users of the platforms such as booking.com and kayak have been wellinformed upon how to make bookings and we intend to build upon this proven model. We will utilise
this user-friendly system that is easily navigated as a foundation and innovate to create the best
platform available.

26

8.0 PROJECT DYNAMICS
& SYSTEM ARCHITECTURE
8.2 Project Dynamics
We will be developing native applications for all iOS and Android devices, along with HTML5 web
platform. Serving as the user-interface for the users (both consumer and vendor). Communicating
with both the centralised and decentralized backend of Concierge.
The structure of the architecture will allow easy add-on of any new interfaces from emerging
platforms such as; VR, AR or information points. And by utilising the NEO blockchain the potential for
development of our own private blockchain governed by the CGE token.

Our CGE’s centralized backend is based on Go/ NodeJS /PHP /MySQL server for its operations.
The decentralized CGE Ledger is based on utilizing the power of smart contracts on the NEO
blockchain.
CGE platform will be an outstanding high-performance engine between traditional and
emerging technology.

27

9.0 TECHNICAL

9.1

Implementation

We are using NEOcontracts to build the CGE token on the public blockchain with pre-setup static
nodes.
Smart contracts contain several smart contracts, including the main contract which serves as the
main entrance to the system for users and reserve managers.
User’s wallet: app wallets utilize a user-friendly interface to support users. Integration with existing
wallet apps.
Reserve manager portal: aids the management of the reserve by displaying their performance,
network stats, supporting different strategies and algorithms to make prices/rebalance.
Operator dashboard: help operators manage the entire system. Also expanding to data analysis
dashboard at a later date.
Concierge.io is implemented as an NEP-5 - compatible token over the public NEO blockchain and is
the natural fit for CGE token.
Compatibility with the NEP-5 standard leverages the strong existing infrastructure of the NEO
ecosystem such as development tools, wallets, and exchanges. The ability to program trusted smart
contracts over NEO with a turning complete language allows for robust and secure customisation of
the cryptocurrency to the domain-specific requirements in a fully decentralized manner.

9.2 Considerations
CGE token is a currency that is both digital and decentralized, CGE token is available at the token
distribution events.
Transactions become final and there is no double-spending.
The more confirmations a merchant can demand before considering the transactions to be settled,
the less possibility a hacker can attempt to make the network orphan the newest block in the
blockchain.

28

10.0

ROADMAP

Business & Platform Development Road Map
Time Period

Proposed Movement

17 Q2 – 17 Q4

• Founders of concierge meet to confirm ideas around decentralized
travel platform.
• Founders meet with developers and initiate the start of the
decentralized application and web platform build.
• Token is tested and ready for release.
• White paper has been completed, published and sent out to specific
investors, ready for marketing.
• Whitepaper available in English.
• Sale website optimised
• Web platform and application designed around user accessibility.
• Concierge.io whitepaper release.

18 Q1

• Pre-sale initiated and continuing to the main-sale over a 2-month
period
• Defining and initial development the back-end structure of the
concierge.io platform
• UI design and initial development of front-end of application and
website platform.
• Hire vital employees:
- Blockchain developers
- Front-end developers
- Back-end developers
- Sales and marketing employees
- iOS and android developers & web developers

29

10.0

ROADMAP

Business & Platform Development Road Map
Time Period

Proposed Movement

18 Q2 -18 Q3

• Listing CGE token on exchanges (Approximately 1-month after Mainsale concludes)
• Integration of platform in line with blockchain including fiat and
cryptocurrency payment methods.
• Peer-to-Peer chat option and amalgamation of AI-based dispute
system development
• Beta testing
• Release of Concierge.io beta application and web platform
• Release Hotel bookings on the platform
• Launch industry promotional activities developing a partnership with
key hotel and resort chains
• Further development of the platform and releasing V.1 of Concierge.io

18 Q4

• Research of expansion of Concierge.io into different regions after
initially starting in south-east Asia and Australia (Regions will be
chosen based on an estimated speed of adoption)
• Partnerships with blockchain identity security platforms ensuring
privacy with direct chats and within the payment system
• Release Tour bookings on the platform
• Press release around the tour options and reach out to key tour
providers
• Release V.2 of the Concierge.io platform to now offer tour bookings

30

10.0

ROADMAP

Business & Platform Development Road Map
Time Period

Proposed Movement

19 Q1 -19 Q4
• Partnerships with universities and other educational institutions
upholding youth development in forms of internships with yearly
positions available within Concierge.io
• Release property exchanges onto the platform
• Press release around the property exchanges
• Release V.3 of the Concierge.io platform updated now offering
property exchanges
• Advancement into other regions such as Europe, North and South
America

2020 - 2025
• Research into other areas of travel which Concierge.io could bring
benefit to
• Analysis and research areas of travel available on the Concierge.io
platform. (Such as; Taxi bookings, Rent-a-car, Boating charters)
• Develop augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) into the
system for browsing purposes of consumers
• Launch in multiple areas within travel (Such as; Taxi bookings,
Rent-a-car, Boating charters) - Market analysis will justify which
area to enter into what region first.

NOTE: Concierge.io roadmap is subject to change due to market fluctuations, competition, and
user adoption. The roadmap summaries the key framework of operations and the direction
in which the company directs itself. Concierge.io will also strive to bring a safe secure and
transparent platform to the travel industry.

31

11.0 TEAM
Core Team

As founder and CEO of numerous business in
travel such as; Club Class Holidays Thailand
operating over Thailand, Bali, and Singapore,
Luxury travel agent Vietnam and Yogull. Also
a partner in both Walkers Whisky and Resort
Vacations.
Adam has a very strong background in high level
business movements and development following
a successful career as a Royal Marine.

ADAM CHAPLIN
CEO & Founder

Having invested into cryptocurrency in 2013
and seeing its potential, then became involved
with blockchain talks all over south-east Asia,
presenting his knowledge and its ability to
like-minded individuals. Previously working
with a prominent crypto coin, endorsing their
cryptocurrency across Vietnam, operating their
digital marketing.
With diversity and proven skills in management,
sales, cryptocurrency, digital marketing,
business development and web- development.

Steve is a marketing guru and a serial
entrepreneur. He has founded and directed
multiple holidays property sales businesses
from the ground up.

STEVE HIPWELL
CMO & Founder

Steve has been involved in Bitcoin and
cryptocurrency since the early days and this
led him to become involved in a marketing
and development role with the start-up of
another prominent crypto coin that is soon to
be released on all platforms. His experience and
understanding of blockchain technology and the
cryptocurrency space is hard to match.
On an earlier return to the UK Steve set up a
successful online lead generation business.
After meeting his Vietnamese wife, he moved to
Vietnam to become a key Sales and Marketing
Advisor for a now multi-million dollar travel and
cruise operator.
Proven skills in marketing, digital marketing, web
development and extensive experience in the
travel sector led him to Concierge.io

32

11.0 TEAM
Core Team

Paul has over 30 years experience working
with new, emerging and existing technologies.
He has a passion for technology and a natural
ability to innovate, developing new and existing
systems to enhance and support the expansion
of startups and fast-growing businesses.
He is an experienced and versatile CTO with
sales skills and a proven record of success within
highly competitive, leading edge, financial, B2B/
B2C & commercial market sectors. He is results
orientated and profit-focused with a wealth
of experience in designing, developing and
implementing systems & networks.

PAUL SPALLINI
CTO & Co-Founder

Strong leadership, strategic marketing and
technical development experience are just some
of the assets he brings to the Concierge team.

Matthew has had a distinguishing career as an
entrepreneur in the construction, real estate,
security and Venture Capital space based in
San Francisco and globally.
CAREER HIGHLIGHTS: Founded a hedge fund
in Chicago under the partnership of a series 3,
7 and 66 licensed traders who started the first
exchanged traded, snowfall derivative on
the CME.

MATTHEW LOPEZ
CIO, CFO & Co-Founder

Experienced Managing Director with a
demonstrated history of working in the
investment management industry. Skilled in
Marketing Management, Outcome Measures,
Operations Management, Outcome focused,
and Physical Security.

33

11.0 TEAM
Core Team

AN NGUYEN

CONG NGUYEN VAN

Blockchain Developer

Technical Project Leader

SLAVA KOROBEYNIKOV

DUNG ANH TRIEU

Blockchain Product Manager

Certified Blockchain Expert

34

11.0 TEAM
Core Team

DOMINIC TUNSTALL

TONY BUI

Creative Designer

Technical Liason

35

11.0 TEAM
Advisors

Anders has played a role in changing the world
once with technology, now used by nearly every
person on the planet. He is passionate about
doing the same within crypto.
Anders has worked for two decades to create
the emerging technologies of 2G, 3G, 4G, 5G
and IOT in 10 different countries for Ericsson
Group (NASDAQ: ERIC). Today, in 2018, there
are 5.1 billion mobile broadband and 7.8 billion
mobile subscriptions in total, exceeding the
world population.

ANDERS LARSSON
Senior Blockchain Advisor

Anders has held various CTO roles and the
role of Vice President and Head of Practice for
Mobile Broadband in Southeast Asia & Oceania
with a billion dollar yearly sales responsibility.
He also holds patents.
Since 11 years old, Anders has loved to code.
He is now passionate about bringing Crypto to
same scale as telecom. Anders is Swedish, has
a beautiful wife and three young children.

When Joakim completed the delivery of a
500 team member strong project, he gave a
T-shirt to each of the 500 team members that
said: “Everything is Possible”. This is Joakim.
That project was the major delivery to AT&T in
California and THE BIG ONE for Ericsson Group
(NASDAQ: ERIC) that year, delivered on time,
which everyone stated was impossible.

JOAKIM HOLMER
Senior Technical Advisor

Joakim Holmer joined the Ericsson Group
right after school and it was his passion for
communication and travel that made Ericsson
an easy choice. The initial years as a mobile
comms software engineer were followed by 15
years in various technical leadership positions
around the world.
Later Joakim has also worked with Software
System Sales. With the hunger to develop that
included everything from Mobile App start-ups
to RedHat, SAP and Cisco.
Together with Anders Larsson he has started
the next big venture. Let’s see where Concierge.
io will take him next!

36

11.0 TEAM
Advisors

Continuously creating something in industries
that are continuously re-creating themselves.
Aim to permanently love what I do.
Specialties: Blockchain and Digital Asset
Industry, Networking, New Bussiness
Development, RnD, Marketing.
Previously co-founded a Biotech company.
Invented, designed and patented novel medical
devices technology. ​Project Director/Managed
Secure Card Payment Switch technology for
Neo Africa.

SARAH KOZLOWSKI
Blockchain Business
Development Advisor

​ AREER HIGHLIGHTS: Multiple VC funding exits
C
and Start Up consultancy projects that have led
to large exposure in the industry.

37

11.0 TEAM
CGE Angels

NGUEN HONG DAI

INDI NAINGGOLAN

Vice-President of the Tourism
Association of Vietnam.

Angel Investor and Indonesian
Hotel Business Liason.

President of the Hanoi Tourism Club & CEO
Apt Travel Asia.

Partner/Owner at PT. Indi Mandiri Villa
Management/ Investment.

SIMON STEVENS

DEBBIE WARD

Angel Investor and South
East Asian Business Advisor.

Angel Investor and United
Kingdom Business Advisor.

CEO Resort Vacations Vietnam & CEO
Classic Escapes Vietnam.

CEO Premier Caravans Limited & Holiday
Home Park Owner.

38

12.0 RISK FACTORS
The following are the risk factors in relation to Concierge.io business operations and
specifically the ICO stage

•

Concierge.io may not reach the target asked for within the crowdfunding stage to execute the
business plan but will always develop the app anyway.

•

The CGE token may be significantly influenced by Digital currency market trends may
significantly influence the CGE token and CGE’s value may severely depreciate due to non-CGE
related events within the cryptocurrency world as in any token offering.

•

Concierge.io is a complex software platform and the official launch could be postponed due to
unpredicted development barriers as all new software has some form of bugs.

•

Competition could possibly mimic Concierge.io movements causing loss of market share.
However, our connections within the travel industry will enable us to build a strong foundation
giving us a head start.

•

Cryptocurrency is extremely volatile and CGE tokens could potentially suffer due to this.

•

The plans outlined in this white paper may be altered as the project progresses, taking into
consideration each variable at the given point in time.

13.0 REGULATORY STRATEGY
Cross-border payment via the blockchain may be subject to regulatory scrutiny in certain areas
in the future. As the blockchain develops and the decentralized system becomes more widely
used we anticipate that governments may implement certain strategies to regulate those utilizing
cryptography this will only make Concierge.io even stronger on the world stage.
Within decentralized applications, not one entity has control over the infrastructure required for its
operation. This allows us to separate the infrastructure from the app content, in our case the travel
sector. The resulting structure has the advantage of modular isolation: separate functions in the
system can operate in isolation from one and other emphasizing the ability the vendor will have to
be part of the development of the application.
Modular isolation is an advantage when companies or individuals come to regulatory compliance:
each only needs to comply with the regulation within its limited field, therefore lowering the cost of
creating the required specification and making it easier for new businesses to start up and young
businesses to develop.

39

14.0 FAQ
Why Concierge?

Simple, concierge means ‘Someone’s job to help
you’ and this is exactly what we are here to do.

Why the travel and tourism
sector?

Our founders have operated within the travel &
tourism sector for the past 25 years and have
many connections with hotels, resort groups,
tour and trip operators.

We facilitate the connection
between consumer and vendor:

Concierge.io brings together both the consumer
and vendor allowing direct communication.
Our focus here is to bring transparency to travel
and allow vendors to be honest and liable if
standards aren’t as described.

We support the blockchain
community:

We believe in the power of the blockchain and
will use CGE tokens where possible and minimal
fiat currency’s when making our ideas reality.

We are transparent:

Concierge.io is open
source:

We are responsible:

We offer the highest level of
innovation within our work:

Funds will be escrowed and our books will be
audited accordingly.

We believe in creating a better tomorrow,
therefore, sharing our work with the world is
essential for future development.

Our passion is in what change we can make
in the world, therefore, we are limiting our
personal gains. We are devoted to bringing the
general public a platform of trust, honesty, and
fairness.

Our team comes from a diverse background
giving us the advantage to develop a system
that will disrupt the global market.

40

15.0 REFERENCES

1. World Travel and Tourism Council - https://www.wttc.org
2. Holiday Habit Report 2016 - https://abta.com/assets/uploads/general/2016_Holiday_Habits_
Report.pdf
3. NEO VS Ethereum - https://coinsutra.com/neo-vs-ethereum-differences/
4. WTTC-TRAVEL & TOURISM ECONOMIC IMPACT 2017 - Expedia, Priceline, TripAdvisor 2015
Form 10-K - https://www.wttc.org
5. Concierge.io - https://concierge.io

41

16.0 DISCLAIMER

16.0 Disclaimer
This white paper does not constitute an offer or solicitation to sell securities or shares and is for
informational purposes only. The CGE token is considered a utility tool built within blockchain
technology. The Concierge token (CGE) offering does not represent a stock or sale of securities;
the Concierge token does not grant equity or voting rights; the Concierge token does not grant
ownership rights directly or indirectly to the Concierge company, it’s physical, virtual or intellectual
properties; the Concierge token does not grant a debt security and is not an instrument of debt;
the Concierge token does not pay an interest payment to token holders. If any future offers become
active they will be made through confidential and appropriate channels and follow all necessary
legal requirements. In compliance with recent sec announcements, Concierge will not market to
or accept contributions from any US citizens or residents. In compliance with China Securities and
Regulatory Commission (CSRC) and the People’s Bank of China (PBOC) regulations, Concierge will
not market to or accept contributions from any citizens or residents of the People’s Republic of China
(PRC). In compliance with the monetary authority of Singapore, Concierge will not market to or
accept contributions from any citizens or residents of Singapore.

NOTICE TO CITIZENS AND RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA;
This website and the offering memorandum has not been filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) as part of a registration statement. Accordingly, this website and the offering
memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the offer or sale, or invitation for
subscription or purchase of the CGE tokens may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the CGE
tokens be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase,
whether directly or indirectly, to persons in the United States of America. For residents and
citizens of the People’s Republic of China (which, for the purposes of this document and offering
memorandum, does not include Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan): CGE tokens may not be marketed,
offered or sold directly or indirectly to the public in China and neither this document nor the offering
memorandum, which has not been submitted to the Chinese securities and regulatory commission,
nor any offering material or information contained herein relating to CGE tokens, may be supplied to
the public in China or used in connection with any offer for the subscription or sale of CGE tokens to
the public in China. The information contained in this website and the offering memorandum will not
constitute an offer to sell or an invitation, advertisement or solicitation of an offer to buy any CGE
tokens within the PRC.

NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE SUBSCRIBERS IN SINGAPORE;
This website and the offering memorandum has not been registered as a prospectus with the
monetary authority of Singapore under the Securities and Futures Act (SFA) (Chapter 289).
Accordingly, this website and the offering memorandum and any other documents or materials
relating to the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase of the CGE tokens may not be
circulated or distributed, nor may the CGE tokens be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an
invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore.

42

