Condominium

Abstract
We introduce a new currency that is based on Proof of Stake protocol and we reward
generousely the master-nodes who are the guarantors of our network. Our currency will
enable the users to book any travel service such as booking a hostels, walk in the mountain,
renting a car or ski-equipment with a maximum guarantee for their privacy. We are
committed to the principles that form the backbone of the cryptocurrency technology, which
in our view offers a good alternative to the current financial and monetary system, which is
dominated by too big to fail giant. In the future, we want to make our currency, your Vacation
Currency that will accompany you to your next vacation destination everywhere around the
globe.

What are we offering
Context
Citizens around the globe have had enough of the current financial system that is dominated
by reckless too big to fail entities that have repeatedly wiped out our wealth and brought our
economic system to the brink of total collapse. On the other hand, internet that promised to
strengthen democracy and shift the power from the big men to the people has alas become
a hostage for big internet companies that reap profits by gaining the monopoly over the
access to our data. Those big tech companies are indeed a real threat to our privacy.
Your data is considered a commodity in the eyes of tech giants who reap piles of money
from it. Think about where you visited today or yesterday, what you have liked on the
Facebook page of your friend, to which restaurant you have been the last week and where
you heading for the next holiday. That all information is being collected and accessed by the

big companies. Indeed we are living in Orwellian era where no one can hide from the big
brother. That is an inconvenient truth.

Condominium in this context
Cryptocurrency and the technology that underpins
are just the backlash against that abuse of the
modern technology. This technology is still in its
infancy phase but the infant is growing fast. We
believe in the promising salvation of the blockchain
technology, that is why we are dedicated to partake
in the development of this technology.
With condominium, we are doing our bit in that
development. We offer a cryptocurrency that can
be your friend during your next vacation
destination. It is a digital currency that you can use
to book any travel service without caring about
your data being leaked to aggressive data
predators who chase you step by step to your next vacation destination. With our new
currency, you will sleep better at your favorite hostel after having surfing in the ocean without
caring about your data.
With the invention of cryptocurrency, a revolutionary backlash is underway against all that
unfair system. It is not only the digital currency that is called cryptocurrency, but it is rather
the technology that underpins it that promises to revolutionize finance and privacy. With our
project, Condominium, we are happy do our bit in this revolution. We offer our users not only
a currency, but a currency that also protect your privacy. Condominium is a mean of
payment that is modeled upon the foundation of the blockchain technology that help you to
reserve hostels around the world with an ultimate protection of your privacy. Think about it
when you visit.

Our Philosophy
We believe in human progress and the fact that technology can improve people’s life and
help them to attain a higher degree of happiness thru their lives. Technology has helped
human beings a lot. Think about the medical technology that helps us to live healthier and
longer. However, technology has been taken hostage by big monopolists and crony
governments. On the other hand, the money and financial markets that were meant to
facilitate our economic affairs have turned on a perverse course. Instead of serving our
economies, they become rather an impediment for our welfare. In our view, it is the too much
power concentration that brought about this breach on our welfare and privacy.

We therefore believe that the solution for this malaise, is to decentralize power. Blockchain
technology is therefore very much promising in this context. The cryptocurrency promises to
counter the monopolistic power of the central banking and their affiliated networks of too big
to fail banks. On the other hand, the blockchain technology that underpins it can be applied
in multiple domains on the network, which will help to protect our privacy from the data
predators.
We are therefore committed to partake in this revolution with a strong belief in power
decentralization and the human right on privacy. We take the oath to be committed to these
ideals and principles.
Decentralization and data protection are not the only reason that we choose for Proof of
Stake rather than Proof of Work system, but that is because of our belief in the fact that
technological progress must also be environmentally friendly. Technology and business
must be at the service of human happiness and not the contrary. We therefore opt for an
environmentally friendly technology that form the backbone of our product.

Why to Invest in Condominium
Proof of work versus Proof of Stake and Master-nodes
The invention of cryptocurrency that began with Bitcoin was indeed a game changer for
privacy and the future of money. However, the Proof of Work system diverted from the very
philosophy that stood behind cryptocurrency, namely, decentralizing the power over issuing
the money. And it is also considered unfair as it enriches those who are already rich. PoW
as it requires computing powers which needs investing in hard power, rewards those with
means to reap the rewards for mining. Thae computing hardware that is needed to do the
mining work on the other hand proved to consume tremendous amount of energy which
results in environmental degradation. It does not stop there. The need to increase the
computing capacity pushed the miners to collude in so called “miners pools”. The
miners-pools threaten to centralize the power in the hands of few pools that can in the future
derail the cryptocurrency project. Imagine if a mining pool gets to own 51% of the mining
activity of a certain coin.
Happily there is an alternative, a third way. The new protocol of Proof of Stake (PoS),
despite some imperfections, promises to solve many problems. The only hurdle for PoS is
the stubborn unfairness that persists with rewarding. The validators with the bigger stakes
are the ones who get rewarded more. This Matheus-effect is indeed stubborn but still
according to some research, PoS is much fairer than PoW. The big investments in hardware
to get the edge with computing power over others to reap profits, seems to be a costlier
investment and by the same token rewards those who have more have-nots.

On the other hand, the fact that PoS doesn’t need big hardwares, there will also be less
energy squandering and hence there will be extremely much more less environmental
degradation. Instead of Miners, master-nodes, which are computers with no specific
computing requirements, only need to run 24/7. That is indeed a good solution and it is one
of the big reasons that this system has gained our preference as Condominium community.
We care about the environment. Nonetheless, the fact that there will be less need for big
hardware and computing power, PoS gives one more benefit: it will protect the network to be
centralized and owned by few.
Furthermore, Master-nodes offer also some extra benefits:
Instantsend​: the transaction occur instantly, unlike other currencies running on PoW.
Private Send​: Masternodes guarantee a total privacy. The transactions are anonymous.
More decentralization​: as it has been already emphasized, masternodes promises more
decentralization in contrary to PoW and mining, which are more and more becoming
dominated by big miners team up in pools to maximize their profits.

Masternodes and Return on Investment
Of course we bet on your consciousness but you might ask “ok, what will I get?”, we
care about that all and we understand that people react to incentives. As we use the
master-nodes, we first need people who are dedicated to run the them seamlessly
and that the reason why we offer a decent and competitive high return on investment
for running the master-nodes--check below for our reward-scheme.

Inflation Targeting
Like any other currency, cryptocurrencies tend inflate. In mainstream currency, when
the supply of money increases more than the demand, the extra increase results in
inflation. Inflation means that every coin now can buy less. The monetary authority,
the central bank therefore, if it wants to curb inflation, it will need to shrink the supply
of money or hoover the existing noted on the market. Remember: curbing inflation
depends on the decision of the central bank. With Condominium, this inflation
targeting is done automatically without central authority but we admit it is not perfect.
The mechanism that we use here, is to automatically increase stake requirements, in

other words, master-nodes will have to increase their collateral coin collateral over
time with the aim of avoiding of over-issuance of the digital currency.

Holiday plans, need to save money?
To plan your next holiday somewhere next year, you will need to save some money
therefore. Why not save in Condominium. As we bet on a constant appreciation, it
will mean that your vacation budget will be attained with less saving. If it happened
that you needed to cancel your vacation, you have still made no losses. You sell
your holiday plans to someone else, you could obtain more than what you have
saved.

Condominium Specifications
Coin Maturity: 50
TX Maturity: 8
Address Letter: C
DefaultPort: 33588
RPCPort: 33589
ALGO: XEVAN
POW Spacing: 600
POS Spacing: 60
Premine: 300000 CDM

Condominium Reward

Premine Usage

Uses of Fund

Roadmap 2018

Summary and future plans
With Condominum, we are not only offering a currency, but also a mean to book a complete
travel package for your next vacation destination. Like that, we offer our users an ultimate
guarantee over their privacy. We use Proof of Stake rather than Proof of Work, as we are
committed to the principles of decentralization, democracy, privacy and care for
environment. These principles where the rationale behind our choice for Proof of Stake
protocol. We also realize that a master-nodes are of big importance to our currency, we
therefore reward them generously. In the future, we will be committed to our belief and
principles and we will be dedicated to relentlessly improve our product by making a priority
that you will be able to use it to pay every single hostel around the globe.

