Whitepaper
Updated on September 10, 2018
All rights reserved Asia Focus Group Pte Ltd.
Not intended for commercial distribution

DISCLAIMER

IMPORTANT NOTICE

1. CSM tokens are not securities, collective investment schemes or units, or business trusts as
defined under Singapore’s Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289) (“SFA”).

2. The offer of these tokens are therefore not regulated by the SFA. There is no requirement for
the offer of the CSM tokens to be accompanied by any prospectus. Nor is there any
requirement for any prospectus to be lodged with the Monetary Authority of Singapore
(“MAS”). No regulatory authority has reviewed any information in this Whitepaper. [As a matter
of prudence, the MAS has been notified of this CSM token generation exercise and our analysis
that the tokens are not regulated under the SFA.]

3. The Whitepaper, or any part thereof, may not be distributed in any jurisdiction where the
contents of this Whitepaper is regulated or prohibited.

REPRESENTATION & WARRANTIES

1. Asia Focus Group Pte Ltd does not make or purport to make any representation or warranty
or undertaking in this Whitepaper or in connection of the CSM initial token sales, to any
person, including any representation, warranty or undertaking relating to the truth,
completeness, and accuracy of the information in this Whitepaper.

2. You represent and warrant that:

• You agree that CSM tokens are not securities, collective investment schemes or business
trusts under Singapore’s Securities and Futures Act, and that these are not securities or
similar instruments in any other jurisdiction;

1

• You agree to furnish personal information and documents which may be requested by
Asia Focus Group Pte Ltd for the purposes of conducting customer due diligence, and that
any information furnished by yourself is true and accurate, and that you have not withheld
any material information;

• You, your associates, your businesses enterprises (in which you are the beneficial owner) or
family members are not on any sanctions or terrorist lists issued by the United Nations, or
any other jurisdictions;

• You, your associates, your businesses enterprises (in which you are the beneficial owner) or
family members have not committed any previous criminal offences, and that you have
not used any proceeds of crimes or tax offences (whether belonging to you or otherwise,
and whether directly or otherwise) to purchase CSM tokens.

• You understand CONSENTIUM is not providing you with any investment or financial advice,
and that you are acting out of your own volition and have sought your independent financial
advice where appropriate;

• You understand fully the investment risks involved in relating to investing in cryptocurrencies
generally, and in relation to CSM tokens specifically, and accept all investment risks
(including the possibility of losing a part or the whole of your investments); and

• You are not a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or green card holder of the United States
of America.

2

TABLE OF CONTENTS

DISCLAIMER

1

IMPORTANT NOTICE

1

1. INTRODUCTION

4

2. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

5

3. MULTI-FEATURED CHAT

6

1-TO-1 CHATS

6

GROUP CHATS

6

CHANNELS

6

4. MULTI-CURRENCY WALLET

8

SEND CSM, BTC, or ETH

8

RECEIVE CSM, BTC, or ETH

9

TRANSACTION TRACKER

9

CSM TOKENS

9

5. THE CHAT COMMUNITY MONETIZATION (“CCM”) MODEL

11

HOW THE CCM WORKS

11

POINTS AND REWARDS SYSTEM

12

CONVERSION OF REWARDS TO CSM TOKENS

13

6. OTHER MONETIZATION OPTIONS

14

A. VIP GROUPS - FUTURE FEATURE

14

B. PREMIUM USER-GENERATED CONTENT

14

C. ADVERTISEMENT CONTENT

14

D. BOT MONETIZATION

15

E. STICKER MARKET

15

F. GAMIFICATION ASPECT

15

7. BENEFITS OF MONETIZATION OF COMMUNITY BUILDING

16

8. CONSENTIUM TOKEN GENERATION EXERCISE (“TGE”)

18

TGE DETAILS

18

TGE UPDATE

19

9. PRODUCT ROADMAP AND USE OF FUNDS

3

20

1. INTRODUCTION

Chat applications are amongst the most downloaded applications in the iOS and Android
app stores today. They fit today’s people’s demanding schedule and near-instant demands for
communications (particularly the millennial and younger generations).

Chat applications are primarily developed for smartphones and are used today in a myriad of
ways - from social messaging to heavy workflow usage. There are more than 100 popular chat
applications today with diverse sets of capabilities and technical specifications worldwide.

Currently available chat apps in the app stores have built extensive user bases and have
fulfilled specific demands in usage, but still lack in the ability to monetize on the downloads,
use cases, or even allow users to monetize on their contributions. The only revenue model that
remains widespread today is through in-app purchases of stickers (or similar), which doesn’t
grow in potential over time. The purchase of stickers does not incentivize the creation and
engagement of communities, which is the key factor to the chats existence over time.

In conclusion, there is not a sustainable in-app model that incentivizes users with monetary
benefits to use the chat application more - to build communities at scale, or form businesses
through the app, etc.

In parallel, large communities of crypto experts are forming groups on other chat applications,
like Telegram. These groups interact frequently within one app, then use another wallet to
send and receive digital currencies, and then use the chat applications again to confirm
transactions. There is a market opportunity to integrate these needs and reward users for
their engagement to create more stickiness.

4

2. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

CONSENTIUM is the first multi-featured chat application and multi-digital-currency C2C
(consumer-to-consumer) wallet application that rewards its users through its proprietary Chat
Community Monetization (“CCM”) model.

The bedrock of CONSENTIUM CCM engine lies in its transactional fee redistribution program
as an incentive to create and cultivate strong in-app communities and/or send and receive
transactions.

As a Chat Application, CONSENTIUM incorporates:

1. High-level chat encryption via the SHA-256 hash algorithm
2. Low transaction fees and secure C2C digital cryptocurrency transfers
3. Conversion from Fiat to BTC/ETH/CSM and vice-versa
4. Multi cryptocurrency wallet
5. Chat Community Monetization (CCM) model automated engine

The vision at CONSENTIUM is to transcend simplistic chat applications and develop a
sustainable future-proof application that can serve to host core groups, businesses and
propagate real-world communities - becoming the go-to community building platform.

5

3. MULTI-FEATURED CHAT

The multi-featured chat allows for 1-to-1 chats, groups and channels, all with enhanced privacy
settings. This empowers users to communicate and build their communities through their
prefered methods.

1-TO-1 CHATS
Individual users can create, share and produce unique content via 1-to-1 chats with other users.

GROUP CHATS
Entrepreneurs, Content Creators, and Tech-savvy Super Users can leverage and monetize the
chat platform more effectively by reaching out to bigger communities and influencers.

CHANNELS
Individual Users and Influencer Groups can create, share, and actively promote content to
build different interest channels for both personal and business use.

6

The following are the specific differences on the settings that each feature will have.

7

4. MULTI-CURRENCY WALLET

CONSENTIUM offers its users a smart, highly encrypted and simple wallet, that allows them to
quickly and easily make multiple digital transfers. CONSENTIUM supports CSM, BTC, and ETH,
and will also allow for fiat conversion to digital currencies. As part of the vision, CONSENTIUM
will also allow for payments at e-commerce establishments, similar to what WeChat pay offers.

SEND CSM, BTC, or ETH

To send CSM, BTC, or ETH users can scan any QR code associated to a wallet address or
enter/paste a wallet address. If the user has an account in the CONSENTIUM app, it is easy to
just find the person using the username option. Once the tokens are sent, the user will receive
a notification via the chat option. Every transaction must be confirmed with a secure
Transaction PIN.

8

RECEIVE CSM, BTC, or ETH

To receive CSM, BTC or ETH, users will need to copy and send their specific wallet address, or
simply generate the QR code to be scanned.

TRANSACTION TRACKER

The CONSENTIUM app will allow users to track their transactions from beginning to end
following all the verification steps. Users will also be able to search past transfers by date,
amount, user, or specific digital currency.

CONSENTIUM TOKENS

CONSENTIUM Tokens are based on the Ethereum platform. Ethereum is the world’s largest,
leading smart contract blockchain. Ethereum was specifically chosen as it offers an efficient
balance of speed and token liquidity. Currently, the currency for processing the Ethereum
is known as Ether. One can buy and sell Ether on token exchanges to major fiat currencies.
Payment channels - Although tokens can move from user to user (and also from user to
smart contract), each one of these transfers (called “transactions”) require that the global
Ethereum ledger be updated. A transaction requires the requester to pay ether to the node
making the ledger update. Before seeing the updated token balances, all users must wait
for the next ledger update, which takes about 15 seconds in Ethereum. With the issuance of
CONSENTIUM Coins (‘CSM’), we create a Users-as-Stakeholders network, allowing the behavior
of the network and its software, to become aligned with the interests of its users.

In the context of Ethereum, smart contracts colloquially referred to as “tokens” include
a minimum set of functionality defined by a community standard called ERC-20. This

9

standard exists to ensure all tokens have the same minimal functionality (e.g. ability to be
transferred) and facilitates token interoperability.

We believe that crypto economic systems will have even stronger pull than the social ones.
Our survival instincts, which heavily influence our economic interests, are stronger than
purely social ones, thus leading to faster adoption of Ethereum and tokens as technologies.

10

5. THE CHAT COMMUNITY MONETIZATION (“CCM”) MODEL

CONSENTIUM offers a fair redistribution system through its Chat Community Monetization
(“CCM”) model. The CCM serves as an innovative way to automate and incentivize users to
send transactions and/or build in-app communities. The system offers an opportunity to get
rewards even at basic levels of engagement but, of course, group creators and influencers will
get the highest rewards.
This model is currently not offered in other apps, so CONSENTIUM will have the opportunity to
create a switching barrier. With CONSENTIUM users will get rewarded for the behavior they
would be conducting on other platforms regardless.
Finally, by accumulating CSM tokens, users will prefer to continue using the application for its
wallet or chat versus switching to another application.

HOW THE CCM WORKS

1.

All transfers of cryptocurrencies between users on CONSENTIUM will be charged a
network usage nominal fee as presented below. Specific fees may vary from time to
time depending on the platform’s volume and will be communicated accordingly.

2.

●

Internal Transfers (CONSENTIUM user to another CONSENTIUM user) = 0.08%

●

External Transfers = 0.1%

●

Fiat to Digital Currencies = 3%

All transactional fees will enter and be escrowed in the distribution pool via a cold
offline wallet. The process of transfer (2-way) and storage is through a secure encrypted

11

environment at every step and juncture.
3.

From the distribution pool, on a monthly basis or as dictated by the company from
time to time, funds will be redistributed to CONSENTIUM users based on the monthly’s
set criteria.

POINTS AND REWARDS SYSTEM

CONSENTIUM uses a reward system based on transactional levels through the wallet and
engagement within groups. These community formative requirements supports and
incentivizes a trusted environment of relevant communities, as well as increases the amount
of transactions taking place within the platform.

Every month, users achieve a user level and based on that level they are granted a specific
number of points (as shown on the table below). Users only need to meet o
​ ne criteria t​ o be
assigned to that specific level. The levels are designed to reward users based on the two
valuable in-app behaviors: (a) transactions, and (b) group creation and engagement.

12

CONVERSION OF REWARDS TO CSM TOKENS
Users will accumulate the monthly value in USD in their accounts. At any time (or as soon as
they reach the equivalent value to the lowest possible CSM denomination) they can convert
their available value into CSM tokens.

13

6. OTHER MONETIZATION OPTIONS

A. VIP Groups - future feature

CONSENTIUM allows users to access any public group focused on topics of their choice. The
initiating user has the ability to moderate the discussion and to set forth rules that govern
the group. “VIP groups” is a possible feature that allows “influencer” users to create premium,
exclusive groups that require a paid entrance fee. Celebrities and thought leaders could use
this feature as a platform for engaging their communities, while generating tangible value
for their time and attention.

B. Premium user-generated content

By allowing anyone to create content and earn CONSENTIUM Tokens, CONSENTIUM expects
to encourage more users to participate and contribute content. This open marketplace of
content offering will incentivize competition for higher-quality content and ultimately create
a better community. A “hidden” content feature can also allow creators to earn CSM tokens by
sharing audio, video, and pictures that are hidden until other users pay to unlock them.

C. Advertisement content

Once a large community is built, CONSENTIUM can also engage in a myriad of advertising
opportunities focused on strategic partnerships. We want to keep our community focused on
easy interactions and transactions without distractions, so we will avoid spammy ads. Instead,
we will only allow value-driving partnerships to advertise within channels. As the use of the
CSM Token in commercial establishments grows, we will also promote such use cases.

14

D. Bot Monetization

Much like Telegram, bots will be able to be created on the CONSENTIUM Messenger platform
to perform services, order food for delivery, or operate games that offer in-game purchases
such as creative assets, gameplays, or other media.

E. Sticker Market

Stickers offer a fun way for CONSENTIUM users to visually interact with their friends and family,
and have been shown to increase engagement levels within messaging apps, particularly
among millennials. For example, the messaging app Line derives about a quarter of its annual
revenue from sticker sales, or about $268m USD (Line Corporation IPO Filing).

F. Gamification aspect

To further encourage community participation beyond transactions, aspects of the chat-app
could be gamified to allow for the user to adopt different visuals within the app based on the
number of lines of chat or the number of chats initiated in the last 30 days.

15

7. BENEFITS OF MONETIZATION OF COMMUNITY BUILDING

1. Incentive for users to build ‘ultra groups’, which are groups in excess of 1,000 users.
Many chat applications lack the ability to scale beyond a critical mass of users due to
the absence of a community tool. Some apps even limit the amount of users within their
Groups. CONSENTIUM seeks to address this by allowing the creators of communities to
generate revenue proportionate to the size and quality of their groups, thereby
providing the catalyst to achieve user base critical mass in a short timeframe.

2. Entire businesses can run and communicate with their audiences via the chat application.
By incentivizing creators of community groups, a new breed of entrepreneurs will emerge
that will utilise the chat application as a means to build up their customer base for their
businesses (secondary business use-case) or directly monetize on community as a business
(primary business use-case).

By having an incentivization model that enables businesses to multiply on the platform
rapidly, CONSENTIUM will develop into a business ecosystem, consisting of brands,
products and services. This is an important development and can potentially place
CONSENTIUM in the top few platforms to grow businesses.

3. CONSENTIUM can be the go-to chat application for cryptocurrency communities.
Cryptocurrency communities are tight-knit and some have grown to massive amount of
users beyond 5,000. The typical chat applications for these communities are on Telegram,
Slack or Discord, none of which offer a revenue stream to the creators or developers.

16

By virtue of being a chat application which facilities cryptocurrency transfers
between users, it is highly relevant for CONSENTIUM to be the premier community
app for all cryptocurrencies. Even current cryptocurrency-based chat applications
do not offer or push for a monetization model for their own communities.

CONSENTIUM can quickly attract creators of communities in the cryptocurrency space by
naturally incentivizing them in their digital currency denomination for the groups that they
are carefully cultivating and growing. By capturing a large market share of cryptocurrency
communities, CONSENTIUM will develop into one of the most important crypto-based apps in
a euphoric market- such as coinmarketcap.com, which has already surpassed the digital Wall
Street Journal in visits.

4. Network effects can be propagated via a tiered reward approach by community creators.
A vital component for an app to reach critical mass quickly is to exploit the benefits of
network effects.

17

8. CONSENTIUM TOKEN GENERATION EXERCISE (“TGE”)

A Token Generation Exercise is a new, unique way to sell tokens to initial purchasers
on the blockchain. It is an instance in which a new blockchain venture sells some of its
tokens to early purchasers, providing them early access to the features, or in CONSENTIUM’s
case, the ability to directly spend their tokens on the CONSENTIUM chat monetization app.
These purchasers are highly incentivised and aligned by purchasing the initial tokens, which
will in turn fuel the CONSENTIUM network as they will help to get the word out and raise
awareness in the broader community.

TGE DETAILS

Token Name: C
​ ONSENTIUM Tokens (Ticker: CSM), built on ERC20 Token
Standards Token Supply:​ 240 million in circulation, 168 million for sale
Smallest Unit:​ 18 decimal places
Currencies Accepted: E
​ TH and USD
Token Price​: The sale accepted contributions in Ethereum and USD at a fixed token price of
US$ 0.25 / CSM. For Ethereum contributions, the amount of tokens received by investors was
determined by the USD / ETH rate at 1800 hrs (GMT +8) daily during the sale period on
https://coinmarketcap.com/.
Pre Sale Date​: 1 April 2018 (1800 hrs GMT +8) to 2 April 2018 (1800 hrs GMT+8)
Pre Sale Incentive:​ 10%
Public Sale Date: 2
​ April 2018 (1801 hrs GMT +8) to 8 April 2018 (1800 hrs GMT+8)
Sale Completion Date: ​ On 8th April 2018 (1800 hrs GMT +8) or upon reaching the Hard Cap.
Soft Cap:​ US$10 million. The Soft Cap was attained by the Sale Completion Date, all proceeds
raised will be refunded to investors at a later date.
Hard Cap:​ All of 168,000,000 tokens were sold, the tokens held by Founders and Private Sale
investors have been subjected to a lock up period over 12 months.

18

TGE UPDATE
The TGE milestones were completed in May 2018. The CSM Tokens are currently listed on
HitBTC, with more exchanges being onboarded soon.

19

9. PRODUCT ROADMAP AND USE OF FUNDS

The following is the updated product roadmap for CONSENTIUM, including monthly releases
for 2018 and quarterly milestones for 2019.

The funds raised through the TGE process will be used to cover the technical and operational
costs associated to going live with the mobile applications, as well as subsequent marketing
efforts to foster product adoption.

App Development (30%)
In addition to finishing the development of the mobile apps, top security protocols, and
implementation of admin dashboard, the user experience will be continually improved based
on user feedback and data analytics.

Operations & Security (10%)
Proceeds will be used to ensure smooth day-to-day operations as the user base and
transactions scale. We are building a world-class monitoring system and team, as well as
training agents to offer a superior customer service. Lastly, our operations team will also
ensure that the CSM Tokens become available in additional listings.

20

Talent Acquisition (20%)
As we grow our we want to ensure that we maintain high performing teams, especially in
critical functions such as Finance, Marketing, Operations, and Tech.

Marketing and Collaboration with businesses (40%)
Although we believe in the power of word-of-mouth, we will initially engage in marketing
efforts to accelerate the growth of the user base and foster network efforts. This includes
digital marketing efforts, content publication, partnerships, influencers, and building a robust
social presence.

21

