CONSENSUS
Decentralized AI for Collective Governance

Crowdsale Whitepaper, v. 0.9.8

Table of Contents
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
1. FUTURE GOVERNANCE LANDSCAPE
1.1 Economy and Governments
General Perspective
Moving to Decentralized Economy
Electronic Citizenship and Identiﬁcation
Estonian E-Residency
Cryptocurrencies
1.2 Technology
General Background on Blockchains: Bitcoin
Ethereum
Smart Contracts
1.3 Consensus Vision of the Future of Governance

2. SENTIENT NETWORK
2.1 Network Overview
Sen Coin
Assembly
2.2 Electronic Identities
Smart Contracts Signed with eIDs.
2.3 Decentralized AI
Machine Learning On the Blockchain, Federated Learning
Data Privacy Using Homomorphic Encryption
Assembly Protection Service
Synaptic Core
Process Overview

3. RESEARCH PLATFORM
3.1 Datascope
3.2 Governance Modules
Public Opinion Gathering Module
Budgeting Module
Legislation Module
External Data Module

3.3 Consensus AI Advisor
3.4 Development Platform, Dapps
Open Legislation
Open Tender
Open Budget
Social Proposals and Crowdfunding

4. ROADMAP
4.1 Implementation Timeline
4.2 Consensus Pilot

5. CONSENSUS FOUNDATION
5.1 Objectives
5.2 Consensus Launch Partners
5.3 Team
5.4 Advisors

6. APPENDIX
Consensus Governance Principles
7. LEGAL DISCLAIMER

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Introduction
The main challenges our society faces today are, fundamentally, due to our inability to see the
big picture. The world is too complex and the problems are too large for any individual,
company or government to comprehend and address. To construct effective solutions to the
problems at hand we need to see the interconnectedness and interdependence of all
phenomena — we need to understand the full picture, the connection between entities,
causality, inﬂuence factors etc. — and make decisions accordingly. To accomplish this, vast
amounts of data need to be collected and processed to model the desired positive outcomes.
The governance systems currently in use may no longer be adequate for the evolving societal
and environmental complexity and may pose serious limitations in the near future1— we will
need new systems, able to govern based on the interconnectedness of factors, able to collect
and process very large amounts of input and provide access to the resulting conclusions for
the complete information dissemination and acceptance. The goal of Consensus Foundation
(“Consensus”) is to create and evolve this system.
Mission
The mission of Consensus is to achieve collective governance based on interdependence
using advanced technologies.
Abstract
Consensus is the open-sourced, decentralized artiﬁcial intelligence platform, powered by
native cryptocurrency and built with the vision to improve the governance mechanisms at all
levels of organizational structures: community, startup, NGO, enterprise, city, county or the
entire country. Once fully realized, Consensus AI will be able to offer automated, data-driven
solutions to the most complex problems of our collective co-existence by modelling the
potential outcomes of proposed changes. At its basis, it will contain a set of principles, which
will guide its development and evolution. This paper discusses the approach, methodology,
the network model, its governance and and the underlying design principles, technology
requirements, product roadmap and adoption strategy.
Product Direction
At the initial stage of the project the Consensus Foundation team will build and launch the
Sentient network, a distributed ledger system powered by its own currency, Sen (denoted
SEN), smart contracts and the implementation of Trusted Nodes. The two main features of
the Sentient network are i) Trusted Nodes, veriﬁed with electronic national IDs, which allows
for extended capabilities of the network, creation of governance applications and faster
adoption by the public sector as a legitimate platform for data collection and decision making

1 Our citizens are going digital and global. If the state doesn't keep up it will become obsolete, http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/
2017/07/16/citizens-going-digital-global-state-doesnt-keep-will-become

processes, and ii) decentralized machine learning, which, in the long term enables the creation
of an artiﬁcial intelligent system that resides on the network, allowing for faster, more
accurate and distributed data analysis. Sentient network further improves on the innovation of
Bitcoin and Ethereum and introduces distributed machine learning on the blockchain.
Next, we will facilitate the adoption of the network by public and private entities interested in
performing various public research — startups, individual researchers, communities,
enterprise etc. Following that, we will begin building the Consensus AI Advisor to enable
extended research being done using the Sentient network. These steps will serve as the basis
for the Consensus AI ecosystem, and once this groundwork is complete, we will move into the
collaboration with the government entities to help them execute speciﬁc research and
modelling projects. Subsequently, Consensus Foundation plans to launch a number of
applications built on the Sentient network such as the open tender and social projects funding
platforms, initially servicing the smaller communities and gradually expanding the adoption.
Starting with a relatively simple types of social projects we plan to cover, gradually, most of
the governmental interactions within a country and offer advanced modelling capabilities to
enhance the decision-making process.
This initial work will be developed in collaboration with the Estonian e-Residency team and will
launch within Estonian e-Residents community as a pilot version.
The long term goal, inspired by the concepts of crowdfunding and swarm intelligence decision
making, is to build and deploy globally the decentralized network that will be used to govern
societies. Consensus will provide, ﬁrst small communities and organizations and later,
municipal and federal governments, with the ability to transparently propose, evaluate and
ﬁnance various public projects; and community members with the opportunities for collective
selection and funding mechanisms of the proposed initiatives.

1. FUTURE GOVERNANCE LANDSCAPE
1.1 ECONOMY AND GOVERNMENTS
General Perspective
We believe that with the introduction and the evolution of both state-issued electronic
identities and cryptography-based currencies, governments in the near future will have to
adopt new ways of interacting with their citizens, including policy feedback gathering and
processing, collection of taxes and distribution of services, proposition and evaluation of
various environmental solutions, interstate relationships, internal matters and many others.
Consensus Foundation aims to build new systems that will be required to address these
upcoming challenges and to achieve effective collective governance based on the
interdependence and the interconnectedness of issues. We foresee that in a short number of
years countries with the progressive outlook will a) issue electronic identities to their citizens
and b) launch their own cryptocurrencies and allow citizens to use them to pay for goods and
services. Estonia, being a forerunner of the digital society of the future, is already exploring the
idea of the national cryptocurrency Estcoin, and is considering funding its development with a
public coin offering. The electronic IDs have been in use in Estonia for over 15 years already,
and are used to access 99% of the government services and a variety of private companies
services (banking, telecom, etc.) in the country. We already observe a number of other
countries discussing or developing similar strategies.
Additionally, the emergence of artiﬁcial intelligence and the automation of all human work that
could be automated will signiﬁcantly transform major aspects of daily lives, including
governance.
In the next decade, we see these trends converge, and we are actively building what will
become the fabric of the future digital world.
Also, the next generation, Generation Z, born between 1995 and 2010, account for more than a
quarter of the world’s population. These people are now entering the workforce and becoming
taxpayers. According to a Gartner analysis, they are less inclined to trust companies and
brands, they expect to be heard and involved, and often seek out employers and brands that
offer authentic and transparent experiences. The generation before them, the Millennials or
Generation Y, is not so different in these respects. Born between 1980 and 1995, they account
for another quarter in the global population. Like Generation Z, they also increasingly expect
their governments to offer authentic transparent experiences, and treat them as valued
customers.
Moving to Decentralized Economy
Decentralized services that run on blockchain technology are at their dawn at the moment,
however they are rapidly penetrating every global industry from ﬁnancial operations and asset
management to cloud computing and hosting. We predict that in a relatively short timeframe
most intermediaries, like brokers, bankers, hosting providers etc. will be supplemented or
outright replaced by the autonomous platforms on decentralized networks running smart

contracts and paid in cryptocurrency. The contemporary government bodies, in their current
state, may not be prepared or equipped to manage this kind of shift effectively, and will
actively seek new solutions once the imminence of these shifts becomes undeniable.
Consensus Foundation aims to provide these solutions.
Electronic Citizenship and Identiﬁcation
As the world is becoming more interconnected, it is starting to move rapidly towards a single
market and a global citizenship. Personal identities are becoming less tied to any particular
location, leading to far-reaching implications for governments, corporations and societies.
With these shifts in perspective, soon the traditional notions of citizenship, residency, work,
taxation, government services will start to break down.
BBC World Services poll, conducted in 2016, indicated that nearly half (49%) of people
surveyed across 14 tracking countries see themselves more as global citizens than citizens of
their country 2, and this trend continues to rise.
According to the Global National eID Industry forecasts3, by 2021 there will be 650 mln eID
cards issued, which will replace traditional national IDs. Additionally, the United Nations plans
to provide legal identity for everyone globally, including birth registration, by 2030 as part of
the Sustainable Development Goal 16.9 4.
Estonian E-Residency
Republic of Estonia, the ﬁrst and the most advanced digital society in the world5, has run the
country electronically over the past 15 years. There are a number of building blocks of the
digital nation of Estonia, including secure national ID with the strong digital signature
protected by PIN codes, blockchain-based government infrastructure that provides security
and scalability of the operations and numerous government services built on top of it — from
e-voting to population registry, to e-health records, to automated electronic taxation, electronic
business registration and management and many more6.
This investment into the development of the digital society in the early 1990s has greatly paid
off — currently the Republic of Estonia estimates saving over 2% of its GDP by relying on the
electronic government systems instead of traditional oﬃces, which still exist in the country,
but serve as a backup, fallback solution rather than a primary one.
At the end of 2014, as an extension of the government digital services of Estonia, the country
pioneered the concept of e-Residency, a digital ID similar to the one Estonian nationals used
for years, issued by the state and available to virtually everyone in the world7 . Anyone can

2 Global Citizenship a growing sentiment among citizens of emerging economies: Global Poll, https://www.globescan.com/images/
images/pressreleases/BBC2016-Identity/BBC_GlobeScan_Identity_Season_Press_Release_April%2026.pdf
3 The Global National eID Industry Report: 2017 Edition
4 Sustainable Development Goal 16, https://sustainabledevelopment.un.org/sdg16
5 Concerned about Brexit? Why not become an e-resident of Estonia, http://www.wired.co.uk/article/estonia-e-resident
6 Building blocks of e-Estonia, https://e-estonia.com/solutions/
7 Republic of Estonia e-Residency — Join the New Digital Nation, https://e-resident.gov.ee

apply online, pay a state fee, get the card issued and pick it up in Estonia or at one of the
embassies around the world. It has been transformational for the country, with over 25,000
people applying to obtain e-Residency since the start of the program. Currently these eResidents can register an EU company in Estonia, conduct global business, access banking
solutions, pay taxes — all entirely online, without leaving their home country. At the present
moment, the number of new e-Residents joining the program already exceeds the number of
newly born babies in Estonia 8, and by 2025 Estonia estimates 10M active e-Residents, which
will greatly outnumber the current population of the country of 1.3 million people.
Cryptocurrencies
With the emergence of the blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies the ﬁnancial system,
arguably, is the one experiencing the biggest shift at the moment. One of the new trends for
some innovative projects is to raise ﬁnancing through the initial coin offerings or token
generation events — the lightly regulated instruments with none or hardly any involvement
from ﬁnancial intermediaries.
In parallel, a sizeable part of population is moving towards self-employment, running small
businesses and freelancing, often collecting payments digitally and, increasingly, in
cryptocurrencies, which bypasses the traditional state revenue mechanisms. In the not so
distant future, sovereign states will need to create a new model of ﬁnancial relations with their
citizens, corporates and global partners to remain useful and even relevant. As part of this
new model some forward looking countries are starting to discuss the idea of launching their
own national cryptocurrencies run on decentralized networks.
In August 2017, Kaspar Korjus, the managing director of e-Residency program and the advisor
to Consensus project, published a blog post9 outlining ideas for Estonia to issue its own
cryptocurrency, Estcoin, and fund its development via the ICO. The main premise of the article
was proposing this idea for the public discussion and gathering feedback from various
participants in private and public sector. The news spread quickly and a number of parties
contributed to the discussion. One of the main questions arising during the debate was the
utility aspect of the proposed Estcoin — the state can issue the crypto token, but without being
used within an environment that promotes increased productivity and positive economic and
societal change, the success of the token is limited.
Consensus Foundation, having support from the program and working closely with the eResidency of Estonia will build strong applications for the future Estcoin and other, inevitable,
national cryptocurrencies. Working together, this partnership aims to address the incredible
opportunity to build new governance models for the future society and a new kind of country
— a global, inclusive virtual entity, country as a service, a governance platform for the entire
world.

8 Estonia’s new e-residents are surpassing the country’s birth rate, https://thenextweb.com/eu/2017/07/25/estonias-new-e-residentssurpassing-countrys-birth-rate/
9 Estonia could offer ‘estcoins’ to e-residents, https://medium.com/e-residency-blog/estonia-could-offer-estcoins-to-e-residentsa3a5a5d3c894

1.2 TECHNOLOGY
General Background on Blockchains: Bitcoin
In 2008 Satoshi Nakamoto proposed the blockchain technology in his whitepaper “Bitcoin: A
Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System” 10 and it was implemented the following year. Bitcoin
network’s application of the blockchain technology is a ledger of the ﬁnancial transactions
which publicly records transfers of the network currency, Bitcoin. The innovation introduced by
the Bitcoin network was a successful solution to the double spend problem using blockchain.
This breakthrough, coupled with the network’s innate decentralized design, relative anonymity
and open sourced codebase, facilitated its rapid wide adoption and support.
Despite the use of peer-to-peer technology and the absence of a central authority to operate
the network, Bitcoin has successfully carried out over 150 million transactions and its current
market capitalization is over $100 billion dollars. This also allowed Bitcoin to become one of
the biggest computer networks, with hashpower over 6 exahashes/sec. and the estimated
annual power consumption of 13TWh, which is larger than the power consumption of some
countries. Following the success of Bitcoin numerous other blockchain-based
cryptocurrencies emerged. At the moment, monetary transactions remain the most common
application of the blockchain technology, however, this is rapidly changing, with various new
projects appearing, aiming to manage other digital and physical assets, such as ﬁnancial
products and services, logistics information, property ownership, identity and more.
Ethereum
Ethereum 11, proposed in 2013 and ﬁrst released in 2015, improved on the transactional
limitations of Bitcoin network by adding the ability to execute smart contracts on the
blockchain with a decentralized Turing-complete virtual machine, the Ethereum Virtual
Machine (EVM), which can run scripts using a network of public nodes. Ethereum also
provides a cryptocurrency token — ether, which can be transferred between accounts and
used to compensate participant nodes for computations performed. Ethereum also includes
"gas", an internal code execution pricing mechanism that is used to mitigate the halting
problem and various abuse scenarios, as well as to allocate resources on the network.
Smart Contracts
The innovation of Ethereum was the introduction of smart contracts that allowed users of the
network to write programs (or contracts) and have the network execute them on the
blockchain. Similar to Bitcoin, Ethereum uses the blockchain and a consensus mechanism to
ensure that if a malicious node attempts to forge the content of the contract, the forged
contract will eventually be removed from the blockchain. While Bitcoin network ensures the
integrity of the ﬁnancial transaction — the amount of coins transferred between accounts,
Ethereum, additionally, ensures the integrity of the contract being executed.
In general, smart contracts present an immense opportunity for the future of computing to be

10 https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf
11 https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Paper

a fundamental change in the development of decentralized applications. While these
programs do not reside on a centralized server or cluster, they can run the same logic
anywhere, and in the near future will be used for a wide variety of cases, e.g. for the
development a decentralized marketplaces 12, currency exchange platforms, decentralized
worldwide supercomputers13, global data and ﬁle storage systems (IPFS, IPDB etc.), various
asset management applications and many more. In addition, blockchain-based smart
contracts hold a great promise of the decentralized artiﬁcial intelligence applications, which is
one of the main interests of Consensus Foundation.

1.3 CONSENSUS VISION OF THE FUTURE OF GOVERNANCE
Consensus is a open-sourced decentralized platform that will help govern communities,
societies and jurisdictions in a more transparent, cost eﬃcient and progressive manner. We
envision this implemented via collective voting, initiatives proposal and funding, execution
reporting and intelligent algorithms that will perform project analysis and model the potential
outcomes, considering the eﬃciency, budgetary concerns, social, environmental and other
factors. We see Consensus being used, effectively, as an artiﬁcial intelligence advisor to the
organizations and governmental bodies, serving the greater good of all.
The goal of Consensus is to make governmental structures more effective and useful and
ensuring a smooth transition from the current traditional structures to the ones the future will
require, minimizing the transition phase diﬃculties and avoiding chaos in the process.
Consensus Foundation aims to help advance the systems of collective governance that will
meet the demands of the very near future societies, and to aid governments in adopting
modern technologies for the greater good of humanity and to further help our collective
evolution.

12 https://www.dex.sg
13 https://golem.network, https://sonm.io

2. SENTIENT NETWORK
There are a three main components to the Consensus system: i) the Sentient blockchain
network that includes veriﬁed nodes and enables running decentralized machine learning, ii)
the Research Platform with extended data collection and modelling capabilities, and iii) the AI
Advisor — a standalone system, constantly monitoring and learning from the incoming
available data, that is used to make predictions. Later stages of development will include
internally and externally built Dapps for various governance applications.

2.1 NETWORK OVERVIEW
The majority of the work Consensus system will perform consists of data collection and
processing. In the Information Age data is most valuable resource, human and non-human
actors generate vast amounts of it all the time, but it usually ends up being centralized in large
multinational companies, and people often don’t have control over how their data is being
used, packaged, sold and resold, and they certainly don’t beneﬁt from the data they generated
the same way these corporations do. Governments also can make better use of this valuable
resource to improve our collective co-existence, however the mechanisms and processes
available to them remain outdated. This dynamic gives very few corporations a competitive
advantage over smaller companies and sometimes even countries. Additionally, some raw
data might be too sensitive for a general person to contribute to a corporate entity. One of the
main promises the decentralized networks hold is the ability to build an autonomous software
system that governs itself based on the internal principles, and is not controlled by a single
separate entity. We believe that such a system will serve as a basis for the general purpose
artiﬁcial intelligence and we are looking to explore the opportunities and the applications of
this technology in the collective governance space. Therefore we propose, initially, the creation
and deployment of the Sentient blockchain — a decentralized network with the
implementation of the trusted nodes, veriﬁed with electronic national IDs, able to execute
smart contracts and perform machine learning on the network, powered by the miners and
not controlled by a corporate entity. In essence, Sentient builds on the innovation of Bitcoin,
Ethereum and other decentralized ledgers by introducing a way to execute machine learning
tasks as part of smart contracts. Sentient network preserves the control of the data and
privacy of its users and ensures broader access to machine learning opportunities for a wide
range of entities, including government bodies, and also small companies, individual
researches, students, non-proﬁt organizations. The network will become the core of the
Consensus AI project and will be open-sourced, simplifying the future collaboration and
partnerships, and assisting the network adoption and growth.
Sen Coin
The Sentient network includes a native platform currency, called Sen and denoted SEN. Sen
coin provides the payment mechanism to network participants and is generated by the
network during the execution of smart contracts, block mining and other activities including:

• Participation by the users in Public Research projects and providing of their feedback data;
• Provisioning of compute resources by the nodes for running the algorithms that power the
network, including Sentient blockchain, execution of smart contracts and AI training;
• Provisioning of the storage capacity for collection and analysis of open and internally
provided data.
Sen rewards for participation in public voting and other decision making is envisaged to
address the issue of voter apathy in the economy. Economically rational voters should not
vote due to low incentives and costs associated with the process14. However, as more people
are incentivized to participate in collective governance, the better decision outcomes are for
collective welfare15.
Consensus Foundation will hold a reserve of Sen coins to be used for network governance,
external data acquisition and further development. The contributors, developers and partners
of the network who will help to improve, regulate and monitor the network will be rewarded
from the reserve unlocked according to the network governance decisions.
Assembly
In order to overcome the issues of the network governance itself, we propose a decisionmaking entity called the Assembly, comprised of the trusted nodes, authenticated by the eIDs,
starting with Estonia e-Residency IDs and expanding in the future as other eIDs become
available and join the network — to fully decentralize and automate the system. Governance
matters like the development of the source code, forks, mining rates, and decisions regarding
the allocation of coin reserve within the network will be addressed by the Assembly.
Additionally, Assembly members will be able to provide the security services to the Sentient
network, which will earn them extra mining rewards.

2.2 ELECTRONIC IDENTITIES
With the Estonian e-Residency ID built in, Sentient will be the ﬁrst decentralized global
computer to include the strong digital ID linking, the basis for building the society of the future.
Support for other digital IDs will also be added as the network evolves, based on the
availability of the IDs themselves and the electronic authentication methods developed by the
respective countries and the private sector (Digi-ID, Aadhaar, SecureKey, WIN, Civik, etc.).
Following the recent developments in this area — such as the eIDAS regulation adopted by the
European Union in 2014 that will enforce the mandatory mutual electronic identity recognition
by the member states in mid-2018, and the UN Sustainable Development Goal 16.9, that calls
for legal identity for everyone in the world, including birth registration16 by 2030 — we
14 The Empirical Frequency of a Pivotal Vote, by Casey B. Mulligan, Charles G. Hunter, NBER Working Paper No. 8590, November 2001. http://
www.nber.org/papers/w8590
15 DAOs, Democracy and Governance, Ralph C.Merke,May 2016, http://merkle.com/papers/DAOdemocracyDraft.pdf
16 Goal 16: Peace, Justice and Strong Institutions, http://www.undp.org/content/undp/en/home/sustainable-development-goals/goal-16peace-justice-and-strong-institutions/targets/

anticipate the electronic identities to be the global standard in the not-so-distant future.
Estonia, the ﬁrst digital nation, has successfully paved the way for the eID adoption and usage
with incredible results to show for, and a lot of our work is inspired by the Estonia’s success in
this space. We envision combining the power of the smart contracts veriﬁed and signed
digitally by national electronic identities to facilitate much faster adoption of Consensus by the
public sector due to the increased transparency, accountability and eﬃciency.
There have been attempts to create decentralized identity veriﬁcation protocols without
relying on external trusted authorities with Open Pretty Good Privacy standard (OpenPGP)
being, arguably, the most important one. However, OpenPGP has several shortcomings such
as diﬃcult key management, complex UI, limited adoption and high risks from key loss. We
propose to implement eIDs veriﬁcation via off-chain/on-chain hybrid mechanism with the only
off-chain mechanism being the query for checking the ID revocation status. One potential
solution has been explored by Oraclize in their EID Project proposing to use Estonian eResidency KYC for Ethereum smart contracts17. The EID project enables users in possession
of an e-Residency card to link any Ethereum address to their identity, represented by their
personal serial number which is tied to the personal information as opposed to the smart
card’s certiﬁcate and to control funds transfers from a smart contract-based wallets. The
veriﬁcation system checks RSA signature, Digi-ID’s certiﬁcate and status of the card in
revocation ID list. We are considering taking a similar approach.
Regular, unidentiﬁed nodes can also be participants of Sentient network, they we will be able
to perform basic mining, store encrypted data and earn low tier rewards. The trusted nodes,
authenticated and linked with electronic IDs will have access to an extended set of
functionality, will earn greater mining and veriﬁcation rewards and will have access to future
services and features of the network. Furthermore, eID-authenticated user wallets will have
signing smart contracts and voting privileges. Previously, there were a number of attempts to
approximate the one person one vote mechanism, but the introduction of the electronic IDs
will solve this issue.
Smart Contracts Signed with eIDs.
We plan to build a GUI user wallet with eID integration for general, non-developer participants
(regular citizens) could create a customized smart contract for virtually any type of deal or
transaction. The smart contracts will be able to be signed by the holders of the eIDs, creating
the additional level of security and trust. In addition to the transactional history the user wallet
will include voting history and requests, ongoing and proposed projects/initiatives relevant to
eID, interests and preferences of the user and smart contract templates.

2.3 DECENTRALIZED AI
Machine Learning On the Blockchain, Federated Learning
One of the innovations we are proposing is to build an artiﬁcial intelligence layer that is hosted
17 EID - Final Report Estonian e-Residency-based KYC for Ethereum Smart Contracts, http://www.oraclize.it/papers/eid_report-rev1.pdf

by the network participants and is training on data contributions from the network and other
available external datasources. The dynamic we envision is akin to a marketplace, where an
entity such as a researcher, a data scientist, a startup or a government organization
(“Requestor”) interested in collecting and analyzing data will be able to perform public opinion
data collection via voting and surveys, external data processing and various machine learning
tasks, such as neural network training funded by Sen. Following the initial adoption of
Sentient, we envision growing this decentralized research platform to be used by private and
public entities to gather and process data related to modelling any kind of decision outcomes.
Currently most of the machine learning is happening in centralized locations that are
controlled by closed corporate entities. Beyond Google and Apple using decentralized model
training on their respective mobile platforms, there is no openly available network for everyone
else. Our approach for training models is inspired by the federated learning method, which is
appealing due to a number of factors, primarily because of privacy considerations — the
distributed training data remains on the nodes, and a shared model is learned by aggregating
locally-computed updates18. A key advantage of the federated learning approach is the ability
to decouple the model training from the necessity to access the raw training data directly.
According to McMahan et al. federated learning has distinct privacy advantages compared to
datacenter training on persisted data since holding even an “anonymized” dataset can still put
user privacy at risk via joins with other data. In contrast, the information transmitted for
federated learning is the minimal update necessary to improve a particular model.
Furthermore, we introduce additional privacy protection mechanisms, so that it is possible for
nodes to carry out the necessary computations without the risk of their local data being
compromised by, or stored in and transmitted to the requestor.
Data Privacy Using Homomorphic Encryption
In machine learning, the goals are often similar to the goals in private data analysis. The party
performing machine learning generally seeks to reveal a pattern — some rule that explains a
given dataset. Researches look for patterns to be general, so that these patterns not only
correctly describe a given dataset, but that they could also correctly describe new data that is
drawn from the same distributions. In general, this means that a researcher wishes to ﬁnd a
rule that captures the distributional information about the given dataset that is not speciﬁcally
dependent on any single data point. The goal of private data analysis is the same — to
discover distributional information about a private dataset, without revealing too much about
any individual data point in the set. This is not feasible working with raw data, however,
homomorphic encryption allows for privacy-preserving computation performed on the
datasets19 and presents an opportunity we are looking to take advantage of, and Sentient
network will be applying the principles of homomorphic encryption to protect the requestor
and user data. In later stages, once the datasets get suﬃciently large, we intent to combine
the differential privacy approaches20 with homomorphic encryption to further enhance user
data privacy and to achieve greater scalability and improve performance.

18 Communication-Eﬃcient Learning of Deep Networks from Decentralized Data, http://proceedings.mlr.press/v54/mcmahan17a/
mcmahan17a.pdf
19 MLConﬁdential: Machine Learning on Encrypted Data, https://eprint.iacr.org/2012/323.pdf
20 Dynamic Differential Privacy for Distributed Machine Learning over Networks, https://arxiv.org/pdf/1601.03466.pdf

Assembly Protection Service
Assembly Protection Service is a container service, provided by the Assembly members, that
holds the encryption keys to ensure data and model integrity. Assembly Protection is a
guarantee of the safe transfer between the entity requesting the transaction and the user
nodes that execute the request, as well as the model integrity during the training. APS is
provided by the Assembly nodes collectively and requires the nodes not only to be eID
authenticated, but to also lock a collateral security deposit of 10,000 Sen, as insurance in case
the encryption keys are compromised, in which case the nodes would forfeit their collateral
and it will be transferred to the reserves held by the Foundation. The collateral amount is
subject to change, depending on the number of active Assembly nodes willing to provide the
service.
Synaptic Core
One of the main parts of the Consensus system is the smart contract system that acts as a
dispatcher service between the machine learning service requestors and the user nodes. To
facilitate the secure interactions between the entities requesting the particular data
processing, Synaptic Core builds a research-related smart contract, encrypts using Assembly
Protection Service and makes it available for distribution. It also assigns Sen rewards for the
successful execution.
Process Overview
The entity wishing to train the model, we call it “Requestor” (this could be a researcher, a data
scientist, a startup, a non-proﬁt organization, a government organization) sends the model
(e.g. neural network) speciﬁcation — a general description of what the model being trained is
to the network and sets a reward in Sen for the computation performed by the miners. The
Requestor is also required to send their public RSA key for model encryption, explained below.
Sentient invokes a specialized smart contract on the blockchain that initializes the model. We
call this smart contract Synaptic Core and it performs a number of tasks. At the point when
Synaptic Core receives the machine learning model speciﬁcation, it initializes the model to be
trained and sends it to the Assembly, along with the Requestor’s public key. As previously
described, Assembly is a subnetwork of trusted nodes within the Sentient blockchain that can
provide the Assembly Protection Service (APS), ensuring the integrity of the models being
trained and the privacy of the user data used for federated machine learning. Upon the receipt
of the model and the Requestor’s public key, APS performs the following operations:
• Stores the Requestor’s public key
• Generates its own key pair, APS Private Key and APS Public Key, used for homomorphic

encryption
• Encrypts the model using the APS Public Key, sends it to Synaptic Core for distribution to the
miner nodes
Assembly also collects a fee as part of the reward posted by the Requestor. We anticipate this
fee to be ﬂat, but this is subject to change, based on the network performance during the
initial testing stage, and the anticipated load.

Synaptic Core makes the model available to the miner nodes which, in turn, request the
descriptions of available models, pull them and perform the computations locally, on their
local datasets. The resulting gradients are then sent back to the Synaptic Core that veriﬁes
them and rewards the miners for good gradients received. This is repeated while the set
budget allows, and the once the reward budget has been entirely allocated to the miner nodes,
Synaptic Core ﬁnalizes the model and sends it to the Assembly. Assembly decrypts the ﬁnal
model with the APS Private Key, encrypts it with the Requestor’s public key and returns it to
the Synaptic Core, which in turn returns the ﬁnal model to the Requestor. The Figure 1 diagram
below visually presents the process.

3. RESEARCH PLATFORM
Following the release of the Sentient network, its initial adoption and user growth, we are
planning to launch the Research Platform — a system to enable conducting extended
research, working with various data sources, including proprietary data acquired by the
Foundation and contributed by the participants, data from open sources, public voting and
opinion data gathered from the members of the network in exchange for Sen. We anticipate
the initial growth phase of the Research Platform to take several years, which will allow us to
attract and retain repeat customers from the private and public sector, and to accumulate a
large enough datasets to build, iterate, enhance and evolve the Consensus AI algorithms.
Being the second main component of Consensus, the Research Platform will enable effective
data collection, processing, visualization and actionable insights. The platform consists of
three components.
1. Datascope — the research dashboard, the main interface to working with data.
2. AI Advisor, the prediction and decision modelling engine.
3. Governance related modules.

3.1 DATASCOPE
Datascope is the GUI for working with data, with on-chain and off-chain elements, that allows
Requestors to perform a number of data collection and analysis tasks. The Datascope
modules include:

1. Data Collectors, gathering data from various available sources, both open and proprietary
and Data Fusion mechanisms
2. Data Transformers (turning unstructured data into structured data objects and creating
associations with real objects)
3. Data Intelligence — visual representation, dashboards, graphs, tables, etc
4. Multiuser Collaboration system with various access levels
In addition to the off-chain data preparation and analysis tools, Datascope will provide
interface options to run simulations and perform public opinion research via sending requests
into the Sentient network, using the AI Advisor backend capabilities.

3.2 GOVERNANCE MODULES
During the this stage of the Consensus project development the additional application
modules will be build which will be used for effective collective governance and decision
making. The types of modules we propose to be developed are outlined below.
Public Opinion Gathering Module
Different types of Requestors — enterprises, non-proﬁt groups, government agencies — will
have the ability to present a proposal for evaluation and collect public opinion data from the
users of Sentient network via the Public Opinion Gathering Module. The proposal will be
valued at a pay-for-success basis when the Requestor pays a fee once the data collection
results meet certain criteria. There will also be a back data contribution option that will waive
this fee is the Requestor is releasing the results of the research for open use.

Use Case
Residents of the city, using their eID, can make proposals such as to prohibit the entry of cars
into the city centre. The offer is published on the city portal. The proposal enters the system in
the form of a ticket in the Research Platform, where the oﬃcials assess its necessity and
consequences and the costs of this initiative (e.g. to set prohibitory signs and barriers etc.)
If the issue become non-trivial, a request is made to the AI Advisor, which can predict, for
example, the economic losses from the diﬃculty of delivery services if this initiative is
adopted and suggests designing the optimal parking places instead.
The project is marked as an active initiative and published on the city portal, with the budget
details and the items affected if this project is implemented. The residents can vote for the
project using their eID-connected wallets.

Budgeting Module
Budgeting Module is the Datascope subsystem that enables the city, region or country budget
formation. The new proposals that require funding will be created and managed in the module,
where experts would be able to analyze a particular proposal and dedicate a team of
researchers, with various access levels (to enable the involvement of both internal and
external experts), models the consequences of the initiative implementation, estimate the
ﬁnancial requirements, future beneﬁts and proﬁts, inﬂuence on the environment, public
opinion, public health and safety, and consider other factors and outcomes.
This module will enable the formation of the optimal budget from the multitude of separate
proposals, taking into considerations the desires and preferences of the citizens (including the
electronic voting on the items of budget allocation) and the recommendations of the AI
Advisor as to where the funding should be directed or increased, and what programs should
be scaled down or stopped. The ﬁnal proposal will be available for publishing, adoption and
implementation.
Following this, each proposal that requires an outside contractor to execute can be listed in
the Open Tender subsystem as a smart contract, stating the terms of the proposal,
requirements, implementation details etc. The tracking of the execution will be attached to the
proposal for transparency.

Use Case

Regional government desires to introduce the new incentive — reduced tax for IT startups of
0% for the ﬁrst 3 years, to attract innovative companies and create new jobs in the sector.
The module simulates this situation, with the given input: "What would happen if in the ﬁrst 3
years the corporate tax is 0%, increasing by 1% per year after that”.
The budgeting engine then predicts the outcome:
• A subset of the current IT companies in the region will be tax exempt, and the tax revenue
will drop by $3.5M per year.
• In the long term, the region will attract X new companies, and Y skilled specialists will move
from other regions.
• In 5 years this dynamic will contribute to additional $5M in tax revenue annually.

Legislation Module
This Datascope subsystem enables the proposal and formulation of legislative initiatives,
such as introduction, change or repeal of laws, regulations and policies. Any legislative
initiative will come to Datascope to be evaluated and processed by experts.
We foresee that a sizeable part of the proposed initiatives will be rejected for obvious reasons,
but a subset of the proposals, appearing to have potential and deserving further study and
analysis, will be sent to the Legislative Module.
This module will contain all active laws, regulations and policies and the AI Advisor will
monitor the current state of matters and indicate what should be adopted, changed or
repealed. An example would be a proposal to lower the speed limits within the city due to the
rising number of accidents.
The new proposals will come to the Legislation Module in the form of tickets and will be
assigned a team to review and execute if deemed acceptable and useful. The team will
evaluate the details such as impact and cost, gather feedback from citizens and model the
consequences and outcomes of the proposed policy with the help of AI Advisor.
In the event of successful analysis of the proposal, the project implementation is planned and
set it motion. To effectively disseminate the proposed change, it can be additionally made
publicly available through the network to its participants.

Use Case
The mayor of the city is exploring ways to increase the revenues of the city budget and there is
an idea to change the liquor sale hours, to increase the income from the sales of alcohol in
bars and nightclubs. However, there is a concern of increased incidents of drunk people on the
streets causing discontent among the residents and having a negative impact on public
safety.
The inquiry goes into the Legislation Module to simulate the situation — "What happens if the
region extends the liquor sale hours until 3am instead of the current 2am?”
AI Advisor looks at key indicators, such as other similar cities/regions, models the options and
produces a prediction of the proposal:
• Additional revenues to the budget: $2M per year
• The cost of maintaining order will increase (additional load on the law enforcement,
ambulance, hospitals), which will cost about $500K per year.
• Increased cost of city cleaning: $200K per year.
• The city's public safety index will decrease by 3% per year.
• The health index of the population will decrease by 2% per year.

External Data Module
This is the subsystem that allows collection and processing of the data that might not be
available to the Requestors or may not be structured to be immediately usable. This includes
data from open sources as well as proprietary data that the Foundation will help acquire for
the research users, to supplement and enhance the research capabilities of a particular
projects. We anticipate working closely with the initial Requestors to understand their projects
needs, and we will assist in external data acquisition and preparation.

3.3 CONSENSUS AI ADVISOR
As the platform will grow, evolve and mature we foresee certain entities to require customized
research performed, going beyond training a single deep learning model or launching a single
opinion poll. For this purpose, we plan to construct an environment that will allow these longer
term initiatives to be carried out. We foresee initially working with the groups willing to opensource and/or make publicly available the results of their research. As the resulting outcomes
of these projects accumulate and gain a certain critical volume, we will be able to move to the
next phase of the roadmap and proceed to the development of the AI Advisor subsystem.
We are planning to introduce it as an extension of the Datascope that will begin as a separate
module, initially working independently, gathering and processing various available datasets
and training its internal algorithms to build patterns. We foresee working closely with the
government bodies at this stage to help shape this subsystem and adopt the use of AI Advisor
to supplement and enhance the decision-making process of the existing governing bodies, to
help them conduct research related to various public service initiatives, aiming to
comprehensively model the outcomes of policy changes, with the participation of the
constituents of a given jurisdiction, as well as using other available data. However, we don’t
foresee limiting its use solely to the public sector — in our view, there are a number of private
companies and other entities that would beneﬁt from AI Advisor as well.
Our vision for Consensus AI Advisor is to give organizations and governments the ability to
instantly model the outcomes and analyze any particular proposal and/or decision prior to
taking them to the public, effectively acting as a test environment for any proposed change.

3.4 DEVELOPMENT PLATFORM, DAPPS
As the ﬁnal step of the development the platform, it will be opened to building governance
applications (both internally and externally done development) using the Consensus
infrastructure — algorithms, smart contract templates, reputation system, polling system,
registries integrations etc. to the third-party developers. Below are some of the applications
the Consensus Foundation will built internally.

Open Legislation
One of the ﬁnal long-term goals of Consensus is to enable transparent legislation proposals
and voting on domestic and foreign policies, enabling any interested citizen to contribute to
the creation of policy and employing network’s collective wisdom to discuss and vote the
policy for government’s consideration. The proposals will go through several stages: ranking,
evaluation with support from the domain experts, voting, policy execution review. The system
will run the simulation of the proposed change, assess the complexity of implementation and
predict the impact on the budget, operations, natural environment, and other factors.
Open Tender
Consensus platform will allow government bodies to post social projects and invite residents
to discuss, vote and take part in the execution application process. The Open Tender
extensions — Social Grants system will work in a similar manner but with different transaction
terms and execution monitoring. The projects will be submitted to the network with the
necessary information such as impact, importance and advantages to the society, permit and
license requirements, execution timelines and other relevant details.
The system will track the responses and engagement, help rate the proposals by feasibility,
importance and timing. Once the tender or research grant is awarded, the terms of the
transactions outlined in a smart contract are signed by the involved parties and the allocated
funding is transferred. The network participants subsequently monitor the execution of the
tender or grant giving the rating to the responsible party and participating in other decisions
required for successful execution of the tender.
Open Budget
Similarly to Open Tender, the Open Budget application will allow relevant participants veriﬁed
by digital IDs to participate in the decision making processes with respect to community/city/
jurisdiction budget allocation and perform public audits of the budgetary spending.
Social Proposals and Crowdfunding
Individuals, communities organizations can invite members and residents to participate in
launching project initiatives for collective voting and discussion. Natural and legal persons can
apply as executors for these initiatives and, if required, offer plans of implementation,
timelines and budget. The network users then can cast their votes, inﬂuencing the awarding of
the project to the most suited proposal. The effective execution and management will be
achieved through higher level of transparency, faster adaptive processes and reputation
system developed though the track record of executed transactions. This will allow for the
selection of the most suitable stakeholders, domain experts and network observers to ensure
the highest level of success of the proposed projects.
The projects could also be crowdfunded by the selected public subgroup and the selected
network observers will monitor and rate the execution. Consensus AI Advisor will assist with
the budget modelling and allocation, assess the complexity and implementation of the
projects and provide recommendations for the stakeholders.

4. ROADMAP
4.1 IMPLEMENTATION TIMELINE
In this section we present the planned milestones for Consensus project development. This
plan should be considered preliminary, as Consensus is using cutting-edge technologies, and
is itself a very complex project.
Genesis release (1 year)
• Launch of the Sentient blockchain, the distributed ledger system with trusted nodes, veriﬁed
with electronic national IDs
• Connecting the known eID providers (starting from 25K e-Residents of Estonia) and linking
eIDs with mining, voting and network governance
• Decentralized machine learning, initial release
• Sen coin placement on exchanges
Awakening Release (1-2 years)
• Research Platform launch
• Consensus AI Advisor launch
Evolution Release (2-4 years)
•
•
•
•
•

Consensus AI adoption by government bodies
Initial launch of the Governance modules
Further AI training for initiative evaluation and analysis
Collective funding of projects
Dapp development platform for third-party developers

Unity Release (4+ years)
• Further enhancements to AI Advisor for budget modelling, implementation assessment and
improved eﬃciency
Global Consensus (future)
• Integration with government registries
• Global adoption of Consensus

4.2 CONSENSUS PILOT
The initial release of the platform will be developed in cooperation with Estonian e-Residency
team and launched in Estonia. Initially, over 25,000 Estonian e-Residents will be able to join the
network, and later the eIDs of other countries as they become available. Each e-Residency
card holder will get the 1000 Sen coins upon joining the Sentient network for the ﬁrst time.

5. CONSENSUS FOUNDATION
5.1 OBJECTIVES
Consensus Foundation is intended as an independent and democratic governance body that
oversees the development, adoption and growth of the Sentient network. The main objectives
of the Foundation are as follows: i) open and fair democratic governance of the network’s
activity and resources, ii) development and advancement of technology for collective welfare,
iii) fostering the environment of innovation and fairly rewarding the developers and partners of
the network.

5.2 CONSENSUS LAUNCH PARTNERS
Government of Estonia e-Residency program, Estonia
Republic of Estonia is a global pioneer and a known e-Government leader, having the most
advanced electronic governance systems, digital identities and online government services.
Consensus AI pilot version be developed in cooperation with Estonian e-Residency team and
will be launched in Estonia, with e-Residents becoming the initial users. Named “the most
advanced digital society in the world” by Wired, Estonia has set the goal to onboard 10 million
e-Residents by 2025. Kaspar Korjus, the Managing Director of E-Residency program is a
strategic advisor to Consensus.
Creative Destruction Lab, Canada
Creative Destruction Lab is a Canadian program for massively scalable, science-based
ventures, and is particularly suited to early stage ventures with links to university research
labs. CDL that provides access to world-renowned experts and chief scientists from leading
academic institutions, including University of Toronto, McGill University, University of Montreal,
Rotman School of Management and others. Consensus joined CDL in October 2017.
Mothership Exchange, Estonia
Mothership is a digital asset exchange and a token market platform established in Estonia
with a goal to make digital assets accessible to EU businesses and e-Residents. The goal of
Mothership is to make Estonia a leading country for blockchain companies streamlining their
registration, development and providing access to funding and incubator-type services.
Ocean Protocol, Germany and Singapore
Ocean Protocol is the decentralized data exchange protocol that lets people share and
monetize data while guaranteeing control, auditability, transparency and compliance to all
actors involved. Data Providers and Custodians need to feel safe before they will comfortably
share data and Ocean Protocol is the solution.

5.3 TEAM
Oleg Gutsol
Founder
Software developer, entrepreneur. Prior to founding
Consensus, Oleg was the founder and CEO of 500px, a photo
distribution platform, powered by image recognition
technology and machine learning algorithms. Oleg created
the initial source code and discovery algorithms of the
platform, and to this day 500px remains the biggest library of
the high quality photos on the internet. As the CEO, Oleg led
500px from inception through hyper growth, with his help the
company raised over $25M in VC funding from leading ﬁrms
like Andreessen Horowitz, FFVC, Visual China Group and
others, established major partnerships with Google, Adobe,
Microsoft, Sony, Airbnb, Lonely Planet etc., and the 500px
consumer platform grew to millions of users globally. In 2016
Oleg turned his interest to the problems of collective
governance and artiﬁcial intelligence applied to solving
societal issues. He also served as a Head of Global Growth at
the Republic of Estonia e-Residency program (now Advisor to
the program), which provides the basis for the Consensus AI
implementation. Oleg studied Applied Computer Science at
Ryerson University in Toronto, Canada.

Dustin Plett
Strategy, partnership, business development
Dustin is a seasoned leader in enterprise sales, business
development, and strategy. He spent over 10 years building
various technology businesses, most recently, 500px.com —
the world’s premier social network for photographers, which
he lead to acquisition by VCG in 2018.

Julia Ivanova
Marketing, Growth
Co-founder of Parla.ai, an artiﬁcial intelligence language
teacher. Marketing, PR, adver tising and business
development specialist. Previously, an investment analyst at
eValue Investment Fund. Prior to that, an Account Director at
Smartclip and COO at Click District. Julia has a Masters
degree in Business Informatics from Higher School of
Economics in Moscow, and Masters degree in Sociology,
Specialist in Social Science, from Saint Petersburg State
University of Economics and Service.

Artem Loginov
Special Advisor: Product, AI, Governance
Founder of Parla.ai. Chief Product Oﬃcer with over 10 years
of experience and focus on mobile and artiﬁcial intelligence.
Product, UX, analytics and monetization expert. Founder of
several AI, EdTech and eSports startups. Previously VP of
Product at Lingualeo, a foreign languages learning company
with over 17M users. Prior to that, served as a Director of
Product at Yandex ($YNDX), responsible for mobile maps, the
local competitor to Google Maps, 30M active users. Artem
holds double Master’s Degree in
International Law and Government Management from the
Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and
Public Administration, and is a PhD candidate in Economics
from the same university.

5.4 ADVISORS

Kaspar Korjus
Managing Director of e-Residency program of the Republic of
Estonia. Advisor to Identity2020. After gaining a BSc. and
MSc. in e-Business at Lancaster University, Kaspar was
invited back to Estonia by the president-initiated “Talents
Return Home” program. Amongst others, in 2015 Kaspar has
been chosen by Forbes Estonia as one of the “30 under 30”
people as #1 in Technology and Finance.

Trent McConaghy
Founder and CTO of BigchainDB, a scalable global blockchain
database. Founder of IPDB, a shared public database for the
internet and CoalaIP, a blockchain-ready, community-driven
protocol for intellectual property licensing. Veteran of the
machine learning/AI ﬁeld, author of Variation-Aware Analog
Structural Synthesis. Trent holds a PhD in EE from KU Leuven,
Belgium and BE EE and BsC CS from University of
Saskatchewan, Canada.

Yin Cao
Founding Partner and Chief Strategy Oﬃcer of the Energy
Blockchain Labs, the world’s ﬁrst company focused on
blockchain technology energy and green ﬁnance application.
Principal Expert of Blockchain and the Principal Energy
Analyst of China Cinda Securities, the investment bank of
China Cinda Group — the biggest ﬁnancial asset
management company in China. Author of several books,
including “Development of Energy Internet”, “Introduction of
Energy Internet”. He has also written a book <Internet+:
National Strategic Action Roadmap> with Mr. Ma Huateng,
the Chairman of Tencent Group.

James Stewart
Technology leader with extensive hands-on experience
building capability, setting direction, developing and operating
digital services, and leading organizations through
substantial change. Previously, co-founder of the UK
Government Digital Service, playing a wide variety of roles in
the digital transformation of the the UK government, from
hands-on technology lead through to Deputy CTO for
Government.

Alkarim Nasser
Technology entrepreneur with over ten years experience in
mobile and internet technologies. Currently running product
and growth at Facebook. Previously co-founder and
Managing Partner at BNOTIONS, where he was helping
brands, investors and young entrepreneurs create and
monetize business models driven by disruptive technology
(acquired 2015). Also, co-founder and Chairman at Gallop, a
radically innovative data science company creating tools in
the mobile marketing / growth marketing / customer
acquisition / mobile advertising / marketing automation
industry (acquired 2016). Named 30 under 30 in 2012 by the
Marketing Magazine.

April Rinne
April is a consultant to startups and established companies,
local and national governments, policy makers, think tanks
and investors, working across for-proﬁt and nonproﬁt models.
Her areas of expertise include policy reform; global
expansion; the future of work; sustainable development;
cities; and emerging markets.
April holds a J.D. from Harvard Law School, an M.A. in
International Business and Finance from the Fletcher School
at Tufts University, and a B.A. summa cum laude from Emory
University. She is a Fulbright Scholar and has also studied at
Oxford University, Harvard Kennedy School of Government,
and the European University Institute.
April is a Young Global Leader at the World Economic
Assembly where she leads the Sharing Economy Working
Group and is a member of the Global Futures Council for the
Future of Mobility and the Urbanization Advisory Group. She
is a member of China’s National Sharing Economy
Committee and serves on the Advisory Boards of the Sharing
Cities Alliance, Seoul Sharing City (South Korea), Amsterdam
Sharing City (The Netherlands), Sharing Economy Denmark
(SEDK), the National League of Cities (USA) and World Pulse
(global). She is also a founding member of BBPDX.

6. APPENDIX
Consensus Governance Principles
One of the Consensus aims is to create eﬃcient governance of different organizational
bodies. Some of the areas for improvement targeted are set out in the following table

Traditional Governance

Consensus Governance

Engagement

Subdued public engagement in
elections and decision making
due to low incentives and costs
associated with the process.
Economically rational voters
should not vote

More people incentivized to
participate in collective
governance leading to a more
inclusive process and better
decision outcomes for collective
welfare. We will test governance
concepts such as liquid
democracy and futarchy to ﬁx
“voter apathy”

Decision
Making

Lack of a suﬃcient information
on positive/negative externalities
and interconnectedness of
different issues often prevents
the exhaustive economic and
ﬁnancial analysis, eﬃcient
allocation of budget,
infrastructure development and
social services provision

Decentralized network allows to
perform better analysis with
more factors and correlations
visible, and also facilitates public
discussion, proposals and voting
on the different initiatives, while
assisting governments to model
different scenarios and
outcomes in a sandbox

Use of Public
Funds

Bureaucracy and heavy
managements structures can
result in ineﬃcient use of public
funds

Decision processes are
streamlined minimizing the
intermediaries involved

Bias & Human
Factor

Traditional governmental bodies
are sometimes prone to human
errors, conﬂicts of interest and
skewed incentives, creating bias
and ineﬃciencies in the decision
making process

System that allows to remove
bias and assess decisions from a
common good perspective
assisted by autonomous AI
Advisor algorithms and network
participants to ensure the
fairness, transparency and
eﬃciency

Tender
Auctions

The application and selection
process for the governmental
subcontractors may not be fully
transparent and aligned to the
fair market value

Open Tender will enable quicker
proposals, transparent selection
process, higher number of
applicants and lower pricing
requirements due to increased
competition

Monitoring
and Reporting

The incentives for thorough and
complete monitoring of the
project execution may not be
suﬃciently strong resulting in
insuﬃcient and fragmentary
reporting

Network participants can
monitor, rate and report on the
execution with Reward
Incentives creating a reputation
system for future transactions

Adaptability

Slow and encumbering to accept
structural changes that require
implementation of new
processes, introduction of digital
services, dissolving ineﬃcient
divisions etc.

Network awards contributors and
developers to continue upgrading
the systems and applications
leading to a self-improving
iterative governance platform

Voting

In many global regions political
and community elections are still
not fully transparent and/or
require signiﬁcant resources to
conduct, collect and process
polls

Transparent and radically open
voting and elections without
unnecessary ﬁnancial overhead

Timing

Social proposals are lengthy
processes affected by complex
research, preparation of public
surveys and analysis

Quicker collective decision
making using extended data
analysis to aid the process

Accountability
and Record
Keeping

Public records are still paper
based in many sovereign states
making them vulnerable to
neglect and loss. Imperfect
record keeping results in weak
accountability

History is stored on the
blockchain. Digital services
processes on the network allow
for secure record keeping and
open access

7. LEGAL DISCLAIMER
Information Purposes Only
This whitepaper is for information purposes only. Consensus Foundation (“Consensus”) does
not guarantee the accuracy of or the conclusions reached in this whitepaper. Information
contained in this whitepaper, on www.consensus.ai website, or any other materials produced
by Consensus and its aﬃliates constitutes forward-looking statements on the expected
development and performance of Consensus and the actual performance and progress of
Consensus might differ from these expectations. You are advised to seek your own legal
advice and to thoroughly assess the risks and uncertainties involved before acting upon any
information. This whitepaper is not intended to present a proposal, an investment advice,
solicitation of any kind, nor an endorsement. Sen tokens are not structured or sold as
securities or any other form of investment product.
In particular, this whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or securities offer document of
any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment
in securities in any jurisdiction. For clarity, Sen Tokens are not intended to constitute securities
or ﬁnancial products in any jurisdiction.
This whitepaper does not purport to contain all information that a prospective purchaser of
Sen Tokens may require. Interested parties should, among other things, conduct their own
investigations and analysis of any Sen Token offering and seek further information and
professional advice. Persons intending to purchase Sen tokens should determine for
themselves the information they require and base any decision in respect of any proposed
purchase of Sen tokens on such information, investigation, analysis and advice, and not on the
information contained in this whitepaper.

No Representations, Warranties or Liability
Recipients of this whitepaper should not rely on information contained in this whitepaper or
any inferences drawn from it.
Not Consensus Foundation nor any party associated with it makes or purports to make, and
each hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty or undertaking (whether express or
implied) in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation, warranty
or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the information
set out in this whitepaper.
In particular, not Consensus Foundation nor any party associated with any of them makes any
representation or warranty (whether express or implied) as to the accuracy or the
completeness of the information contained in this whitepaper, and none of them shall have
any liability for any statement, forecasts, information or matters, express or implied, arising
out of or contained in or derived from, or for any omissions from this whitepaper or any other
written information communicated to any person in relation to or in connection with the

matters contained in this whitepaper.
To the maximum extent permitted by any and all applicable laws, regulations and rules, not
Consensus Foundation nor any party associated with any of them shall be liable for any
indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract, equity,
common law or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or proﬁts, and
loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this
whitepaper or any part thereof.
For completeness, no regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information
set out in this whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory
requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this
whitepaper does not imply that any applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have
been complied with.

