CNN Content Neutrality Network
D-Run Foundation Ltd.
June 22, 2019

*Draft for open community review and subject to
change

i
IMPORTANT NOTICE
NOTHING IN THIS WHITEPAPER CONSTITUTES LEGAL, FINANCIAL, BUSINESS OR TAX ADVICE AND YOU SHOULD CONSULT
YOUR OWN LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL
ADVISER BEFORE ENGAGING IN ANY ACTIVITY IN CONNECTION
HEREWITH. NEITHER D-RUN FOUNDATION LTD. (THE FOUNDATION), ANY OF THE PROJECT TEAM MEMBERS WHO HAVE WORKED
ON THE CNN PLATFORM (AS DEFINED HEREIN) OR PROJECT TO
DEVELOP THE CNN PLATFORM IN ANY WAY WHATSOEVER (THE
CNN TEAM), ANY DISTRIBUTOR/VENDOR OF CNN (THE DISTRIBUTOR), NOR ANY SERVICE PROVIDER SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY
KIND OF DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGE OR LOSS WHATSOEVER
WHICH YOU MAY SUFFER IN CONNECTION WITH ACCESSING
THIS WHITEPAPER, THE WEBSITE AT HTTP://CNNTOKEN.IO/ OR
ANY OTHER WEBSITES OR MATERIALS PUBLISHED BY THE FOUNDATION.
All contributions will be applied towards the Foundation’s objects, including without limitation promoting the research, design and development
of, and advocacy for the application of blockchain technology to create a decentralised open, neutral, effective and efficient content ecosystem for participants, as well as to solve various issues affecting content communities
such as the existing issues of isolation of content communities, restricted
circulation of content, high costs of accessing and aggregating high-quality
content, unfairness that exists in the revenue sharing system, and issues of
complex and inefficient user acquisition and incentive models.
This Whitepaper is intended for general informational purposes only and
does not constitute a prospectus, an offer document, an offer of securities,
a solicitation for investment, or any offer to sell any product, item or asset
(whether digital or otherwise). The information herein below may not be
exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a contractual relationship.
There is no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information and no representation, warranty or undertaking is or purported to be
provided as to the accuracy or completeness of such information. Where
this Whitepaper includes information that has been obtained from third
party sources, the Foundation and/or the CNN team have not independently verified the accuracy or completion of such information. Further,
you acknowledge that circumstances may change and that this Whitepaper
may become outdated as a result; and the Foundation is under no obligation
to update or correct this document in connection therewith.
This Whitepaper does not constitute any offer by the Foundation, the
Distributor or the CNN team to sell any CNN (as defined herein) nor shall
it or any part of it nor the fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or investment decision. Nothing

ii
contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or undertaking as to the future performance of the CNN Platform.
The agreement between the Distributor and you, in relation to any sale and
purchase of CNN is to be governed by only the separate terms and conditions
of such agreement.
By accessing this Whitepaper or any part thereof, you represent and
warrant to the Foundation, its affiliates, and the CNN team as follows:
(a) you acknowledge, understand and agree that CNN may have no value,
there is no guarantee or representation of value or liquidity for CNN,
and CNN is not for speculative investment;
(b) none of the Foundation, its affiliates, and/or the CNN team members
shall be responsible for or liable for the value of CNN, the transferability and/or liquidity of CNN and/or the availability of any market
for CNN through third parties or otherwise;
(c) in any decision to purchase any CNN, you have not relied on any
statement set out in this Whitepaper;
(d) you will and shall at your own expense ensure compliance with all
laws, regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable to you (as
the case may be); and
(e) you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible to
purchase any CNN if you are a citizen, national, resident (tax or otherwise), domiciliary and/or green card holder of a geographic area or
country (i) where it is likely that the sale of CNN would be construed
as the sale of a security (howsoever named) or investment product
and/or (ii) in which access to or participation in the CNN token sale or
the CNN Platform is prohibited by applicable law, decree, regulation,
treaty, or administrative act, and/or (including without limitation the
United States of America, Canada, New Zealand, People’s Republic of
China and the Republic of Korea).
The Foundation, the Distributor and the CNN team do not and do not
purport to make, and hereby disclaims, all representations, warranties or
undertaking to any entity or person (including without limitation warranties
as to the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or reliability of the contents of
this Whitepaper or any other materials published by the Foundation). To
the maximum extent permitted by law, the Foundation, the Distributor,
their related entities and service providers shall not be liable for any indirect,
special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any liability arising from default
or negligence on the part of any of them, or any loss of revenue, income or
profits, and loss of use or data) arising from the use of this Whitepaper or any

iii
other materials published, or its contents or otherwise arising in connection
with the same. Prospective purchasers of CNN should carefully consider
and evaluate all risks and uncertainties (including financial and legal risks
and uncertainties) associated with the CNN token sale, the Foundation, the
Distributor and the CNN team.
The information set out in this Whitepaper is for community discussion
only and is not legally binding. The agreement for sale and purchase of
CNN and/or continued holding of CNN shall be governed by a separate set
of Terms and Conditions or Token Purchase Agreement (as the case may
be) setting out the terms of such purchase and/or continued holding of CNN
(the Terms and Conditions), which shall be separately provided to you or
made available at http://cnntoken.io/. In the event of any inconsistencies
between the Terms and Conditions and this Whitepaper, the Terms and
Conditions shall prevail.
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be
taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction.
The publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not
imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been
complied with.
All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press
releases or in any place accessible by the public and oral statements that
may be made by the Foundation, the Distributor and/or the CNN team
may constitute forward-looking statements (including statements regarding
intent, belief or current expectations with respect to market conditions,
business strategy and plans, financial condition, specific provisions and risk
management practices). You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
these forward-looking statements given that these statements involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results to be materially different from that described by such
forward-looking statements, and no independent third party has reviewed
the reasonableness of any such statements or assumptions. These forwardlooking statements are applicable only as of the date of this Whitepaper
and the Foundation and the CNN team expressly disclaims any responsibility (whether express or implied) to release any revisions to these forwardlooking statements to reflect events after such date.
This Whitepaper may be translated into a language other than English and in the event of conflict or ambiguity between the English language
version and translated versions of this Whitepaper, the English language
version shall prevail. You acknowledge that you have read and understood
the English language version of this Whitepaper.
No part of this Whitepaper is to be copied, reproduced, distributed or
disseminated in any way without the prior written consent of the Foundation.

Contents
1 Background
1.1 Prospect and Problems in the Digital Content Industry . . .
1.2 Blockchain-Based Content Protocol . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1.3 The Mission of CNN Platform . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2 All
2.1
2.2
2.3
2.4

Contents Are Created Equal
Content Production . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Content Repost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Distributed Reputation Mechanism . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Recommendation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2.4.1 Tone control . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2.4.2 Content’s popularity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2.4.3 Decentralized update of features and centralized recommendation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2.4.4 Community-based feature finding mechanism . . . . .
2.4.5 Community-based text annotation . . . . . . . . . . .
2.5 Share of Advertising Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2.5.1 Reading revenue calculation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2.5.2 Reading revenue distribution . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2.6 Incentives . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2.7 Tipping Mechanism . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

3 Technical Solutions of CNN Platform
3.1 Capacity Expansion and Speed Improvement . .
3.1.1 DPoS delegated proof of stake . . . . . .
3.1.2 PBFT practical byzantine fault tolerance
3.1.3 Our proposal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3.2 Decentralized Content Storage . . . . . . . . . .
3.3 Probabilistic Micropayments . . . . . . . . . . . .

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

3
3
4
6
7
9
12
13
13
13
14
17
18
19
19
19
20
23
25
27
27
27
28
28
30
31

4 NewsDog - CNN Platform’s First Application
32
4.1 CNN Platform protocol-based Recommendation System . . . 32

iv

CONTENTS
4.2
4.3
4.4
4.5
4.6

Advertising Revenue Sharing Model Based on CNN Platform
Protocol . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Multi-level Incentive System . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
NewsDog MALAMAAL – The Extent of the Incentive Model
Fantasy Cricket League . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other Model . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.6.1 Paid horoscope consultancy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.6.2 Paid Q&A . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.6.3 Charity activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

v

34
34
35
35
36
36
36
37

5 Development Plan

38

6 D-Run Foundation

40

7 CNN Issuance

42

8 CNN Platform Team

43

9 Advisors

46

10 Risks

49

Abstract
The market size of global digital content industry has reached 224.8
billion USD in 2017 and it’s still growing very rapidly. India, as one of
the countries with the largest population, has huge potential in its digital
content market. It is estimated that India’s online content consumers will
reach 500 million within the next five years.
Our principle is that All Contents Are Created Equal, so the foundation propose a protocol named Content Neutrality Network (CNN Platform) and corresponding ERC20-compliant tokens [1, 2]for the content industry based on the innovative blockchain technology. Our proposal is applicable for all of the content communities who are willing to adopt the CNN
Platform protocol.
CNN Platform brings a revolution to India’s and global digital content market. To address various issues of internet content communities,
CNN Platform introduces several mechanisms/protocols related to content
creation, distribution, circulation and revenue share. For example, CNN
Platform combines personalized recommendation with the community votes
to distribute the most relevant content to each user. CCM (Content Circulation Mechanism) is designed to stimulate seamless circulation of content
among different communities. In addition, a neutral and efficient revenue
share mechanism is made feasible in the ecosystem of CNN Platform with
CBRS (Contribution Based Revenue Share) mechanism. Under CBRS, users
who have seldom enjoyed the commercial earnings of content platform will
participate in the ads revenue share for their contribution of attention.
CNN Platform has formed a strategic partnership with NewsDog, India’s No.1 content platform. NewsDog has more than 40 million users, and
supports 10 languages in India. As the first application on CNN Platform,
NewsDog will fully utilize the CNN Platform’s protocol to build an open,
neutral and efficient content community. NewsDog will invite all of its users
to hold CNN and enjoy the benefits of CNN protocol. The foundation believes NewsDog will soon become one of the largest content communities on
blockchain.
The goal of CNN Platform is to grow to the most popular protocol for
content communities globally. The foundation believes CNN Platform can
promote more efficient content distribution as well as motivate the commu1

CONTENTS

2

nity members to create better content and engage more on the platform,
which would in return bring better benefits to all participants in the ecosystem.

Chapter 1

Background
1.1

Prospect and Problems in the Digital Content
Industry

The development of Internet and mobile devices has provided a new
process for information distribution. Instead of receiving information via
newspapers, magazines, and books, as was done in the past, people can now
access information from websites, mobile apps, and other digital devices in
various forms, including articles, pictures, videos, GIFs, and other forms of
streaming media.
Statistics show that the market size of the global digital content industry
reached 109.1 billion USD in 2016, and this figure increased significantly to
224.8 billion USD in 2017. In the same year, China’s online news users
reached 579 million and the online content industry generated a revenue of
382 billion RMB. Take Bytedance Inc. for example, its DAU reached over
160 million in 2017, and its annual revenue reached 20 billion RMB.
With over a 1.3 billion population, India is very similar to China whose
overwhelming demand for digital content cannot be ignored. It is conservatively estimated that India’s online news users will reach 500 million within
the next five years. The foundation believes that the content industry will
have a promising future in China, India, and other places all over the world.
Despite the rapid growth in the content industry, certain issues cannot
be ignored:
• Flood of low-quality content consuming user attention: A considerable number of people deliberately add vulgar, violent, and sexual
elements to make their articles eye-catching. Some even publish fake
news so that people will fall for clickbait. This low-quality content will
undoubtedly catch and consume user attention, leading them without
the ability to find valuable reading material during their leisure time.
• Copyright conflicts are costly: The wide proliferation of Internet
3

CHAPTER 1. BACKGROUND

4

and smart phones have lowered the threshold for people to go online,
but the easy-to-copy and easy-to-modify nature of digital content has
also led to plagiarism and infringement. Should the problem of there
being no proper mechanism to determine copyright ownership remain
unresolved, the content community will suffer severe consequences.
• High quality content among different communities cannot circulate seamlessly: Due to fierce market competition, content communities are reluctant to share information with each other for two
reasons. First, they worry that high-quality content will be “reposted”
without receiving proper monetary earnings from the platform that reposts their articles, resulting in a decrease in traffic and loss of users,
and ultimately losing their core competitiveness. Second, the influx of
different content varieties makes it difficult for the content community
to generate their own unique tone to attract users.
• Users are bombarded with advertisements, but fail to enjoy
the commercial earnings embedded in these ads: These ads are
forcefully loaded by the content communities, causing distraction for
users while reading the content. This practice will not only waste a
user’s time and attention, but it will also make them pay more for
internet data and shorten their battery life. The content communities
take advantage of the user’s attention to generate income from commercials, but prohibit users from sharing the commercial earnings.
• Incentive activities take various forms, but cannot be used
to build an effective mechanism: The explosive growth of mobile networks introduces “traffic bonus” into a person’s perspective.
Various content communities are offering different incentive programs
to attract new users (such as receiving extra services, coupons, cash,
etc.). However, given the lack of trust between the two parties, there
is no guarantee that participants will receive their promised returns,
which in turn will hamper the effectiveness of the programs.
Indeed, there are many problems in the content ecosystem that need to
be fixed. Under such circumstances, there is an urgent need for an innovative
technology to start a revolution.

1.2

Blockchain-Based Content Protocol

Blockchain is designed to solve the trust and decentralization problems.
It utilizes the hash algorithm from cryptography, enabling all participants
to reach consensus without third-party involvement and allowing them to
work together to maintain blockchain data, so as to address trust issues.

CHAPTER 1. BACKGROUND

5

Blockchain has undergone several technical upgrades since its birth. If
bitcoin [3] is the 1.0 version of blockchain, then Ethereum and smart contracts are the 2.0 version. Smart contract refers to the use of non-tampered,
distributed programs to encourage participating parties to build relationships and reach consensus. Once a smart contract is placed on a virtual
machine and the trigger conditions are met, it can immediately be executed,
thus making it reliable and trustworthy.
Many of the problems described in section 1.1 can be solved by utilizing blockchain technology. Therefore, many teams have proposed new
blockchain-based protocols for the content industry, such as Steemit [4], Primas [5] and YOYOW [6]. However, there are two problems in their existing
protocols:
• The content distribution depends entirely on the user’s upvote, comments, and other actions. This approach might work for a single interest community, but for full-service platforms like Jinri Toutiao and
Tian Tian Kuai Bao, content cannot be distributed based only on a
user’s preference. On one hand, users cannot find the content that they
are interested in, and thus are unable to rely on the community. On
the other hand, the community content will become severely concentrated on the headlines. For example, Steemit’s white paper mentions
that if there are one million articles, the most popular 100 account for
1/3 of the total value, the next 10,000 account for another third, while
the remaining account for the final third. This kind of proportion is
very unhealthy for a community that expects a large number of users
to contribute, causing them to lose their passion for creating content.
In order to solve this problem, CNN Platform creatively combines personalized recommendations with blockchain technology, and proposes
solutions to solve the efficiency problem in blockchain.
• Most of the current protocols address how content quality is measured
and rewarded based on the behavior of community users in a singleinterest content community. However, there will be many content
communities on the blockchain because of the different preferences of
users. Therefore, it is of great importance to ensure that premium
content can circulate efficiently among different communities. The
design of CNN Platform incorporates an incentive mechanism for content creators and those who repost so that they are motivated to repost
high-quality content that is suitable for the target audiences and communities, rather than reposting content arbitrarily. This ultimately
improves the efficiency of content distribution.

CHAPTER 1. BACKGROUND

1.3

6

The Mission of CNN Platform

CNN Platform chooses to combine blockchain technology with the content industry based on Ethereum and smart contracts to create a more open,
neutral, and efficient ecosystem for all content communities. Through this
new ecosystem of content, our mission is as follows:
• To solve the existing issues that content communities are isolated,
and content cannot circulate seamlessly, and users and communities
have to pay a high cost to access and aggregate high-quality content.
For content creators, their content can be circulated more efficiently
and in a wider sphere. Premium content and content creators will
receive more exposure. For content consumers, our goal is to achieve
a personalized recommendation on blockchain, allowing them to find
high-quality content that adheres to their interests in a simpler way.
• To solve the unfairness that exists in the revenue sharing system. The
key players of a content ecosystem consist of content creators and
consumers, because one creates content and the other reacts to the
content. However, the value created by the two roles in the current system is not adequately recognized and the benefits distributed are not
sufficient. In particular, the latter hardly participates in revenue distribution. Therefore, our second goal is to change the existing revenue
sharing mechanism and determine the distribution of income pertinent
to the contribution of different roles.
• To solve the existing issues that user acquisition and incentive models
are complex and inefficient. The foundation hopes that with the help
of blockchain technology and community philosophy, the centralized
user acquisition and incentive model in the existing content system will
be transformed into a spontaneous and autonomous system, allowing
more users to naturally take part in the new ecosystem without the
participation and investment of certain centers.
The following sections describe in detail how CNN Platform uses blockchain
as a technology to establish a personalized interoperable content eco-protocol.
On the basis of this protocol, CNN Platform intends to work with NewsDog, India’s largest personalized content APP, as a pilot project to gradually
build the world’s largest content ecosystem and set off a new chapter in the
content industry.

Chapter 2

All Contents Are Created
Equal
For the problems mentioned in section 1.2, CNN Platform proposes a
new blockchain-based content ecosystem protocol and the corresponding token CNN.
The native digital token of CNN Platform (”CNN”) is another major
component of the ecosystem on the CNN Platform. CNN is a non-refundable
functional utility token which will be used as the unit of exchange between
participants on the CNN Platform, as well as the economic incentive which
will be consumed to encourage participants to contribute and maintain the
ecosystem on the CNN Platform. Computational resources are required
for running various applications and executing transactions on the CNN
Platform, as well as the validation and verification of additional blocks /
information on the blockchain, thus providers of these resources and services
will require payment for required to be paid for the consumption of these
resources and services. CNN will be used as the unit of exchange to quantify
and pay the costs of the consumed computational resources. CNN is an
integral and indispensable part of the CNN Platform, because in the absence
of CNN, there would be no common unit of exchange to pay for these costs
or provide the incentive for certain desirable behaviour, thus rendering the
ecosystem on the CNN Platform unsustainable.
CNN does not in any way represent any shareholding, participation,
right, title, or interest in the Foundation, its affiliates, or any other company, enterprise or undertaking, nor will CNN entitle token holders to any
promise of fees, revenue, profits or investment returns, and are not intended
to constitute securities in Singapore or any relevant jurisdiction. CNN may
only be utilised on the CNN Platform, and ownership of CNN carries no
rights, express or implied, other than the right to use CNN as a means to
enable usage of and interaction with the CNN Platform.
On CNN Platform, authors and users form communities based on com7

CHAPTER 2. ALL CONTENTS ARE CREATED EQUAL

8

mon interests, and interact within the community by publishing and reading
content. While communities are relatively independent, premium content
can still be circulated through a users’ reposts.
The primary goal of the entire content community is to create an effective mechanism that establishes an open and free content ecosystem while
exerting the original value of each article. In order to ensure the production
and circulation of high-quality content, a few principles are put forward and
will be reflected in the protocol accordingly:
• Reliable reputation: Readers, content creators, and recommendation nodes are working under a unified reputation system. Peer review
and token circulation can help to ensure the sustainable development
of the whole system, resulting in the proper commercial revenue distribution among all of the participants in the community.
• Free and pluralistic: Content has the ability to influence people’s
thoughts and feelings. Therefore, within the framework of CNN Platform, creators are free to publish their articles on any topic, such as
social, economic, political, sports, entertainment, employment, etc.
However there will be a fine if they publish articles of poor quality to
disrupt the system order.
• Encourage creating content in consistent with the tone of the
community: CNN Platform encourages the free circulation of articles, but the content created should be consistent with the tone of the
community. It would be inappropriate for entertainment gossip to appear in a serious economic community. Therefore, the CNN Platform
encourages authors to create content relevant to their communities in
order to establish and maintain the tone of the community accordingly.
• Protect copyright: Copyright helps protect originality and creativity. To protect copyright is to protect content creators’ interests and
motivation to continuously create high-quality content.
• Open and circulation: The heart of premium content is its subtle
influence on a wider audience; CNN Platform encourages the free circulation of high-quality content and maximizing the content’s value
across communities, while continuing to protect its intellectual property.
There are primarily four types of nodes within the CNN Platform protocol:
• Authors: Authors are the producers of content in various communities. The significance of an author is determined by the extent of
the users’ preference to his or her content. In comparison to other

CHAPTER 2. ALL CONTENTS ARE CREATED EQUAL

9

Figure 1: Ecosystem on CNN Platform
contributors, the author shares the largest proportion in advertising
revenue.
• Users: Users are consumers of content in various communities, expressing their preferences for content through reading, liking, commenting, and other actions, and then sharing advertising revenue due
to their response and attention investment.
• Advertisers: Advertisers advertise in each community and pay an
advertising fee in CNN in order to obtain brand exposure or download
/ register users.
• Recommendation nodes: Recommendation nodes are nodes beyond the content communities. It only shares revenue by providing
recommendation services to each community.
CNN Platform protocol mainly includes two aspects: First, a mechanism
to incentivise the authors and users to be active in the community. Second, a
mechanism that promotes quality content to be circulated amongst different
communities.

2.1

Content Production

For the content community, content production is undoubtedly the most
crucial part of the entire community. The primary goal of the entire content
community is to create an effective mechanism that establishes an open and
free content ecosystem while exerting the original value of each article. To

CHAPTER 2. ALL CONTENTS ARE CREATED EQUAL

10

CNN

Figure 2: CNN Platform Protocol Architecture
ensure the continuous output of high-quality content, CNN Platform will
focus on the following points as its goal:
• Protect creator copyright: Copyright protection is one of the most
important applications of blockchain technology. Data recorded in the
blockchain system has strict timing and can not be tampered with.
Therefore, once a copyright conflict occurs, the system can determine
the final copyright according to the order in which the content is published. If an author releases the infringing content, the system will
faithfully record the release time, author and the content, and no one
can clear the infringing record by deleting posts. This fundamentally
protects the interests of creators and helps stimulate their creative
passion.
• Encourage original contents: Each community has its own tone

CHAPTER 2. ALL CONTENTS ARE CREATED EQUAL

11

and preference, and also has its own circle of permanent authors and
the content produced within the community is more in line with the
community’s tone. Therefore, in each community, content produced
within a community is greatly valued, and for recommendation CNN
Platform prioritises quality content starting within the community. To
this end, the community will support original content with a certain
traffic. The specific mechanism will be detailed in 2.3.
• Refuse the fake content: In order to prevent the origin of lowquality articles, when creating content, creators need to pay a certain
amount of CNN as a deposit, if no one reports the copyright or quality
problems within seven days, then the deposit will be returned. If
there is any quality problem (such as plagiarism, clickbait, etc.) in the
content report, after confirmed by the community-elected committee,
the deposit will be deducted, and the relevant advertising proceeds
shall be recovered and added to the reward fund of the day(see 2.5.2.2
for details).
For duplicate content, the platform will evaluate it by the Hash value.
For patchwork or modified content, CNN Platform uses Locality Sensitive
Hash (LSH) [7] to map multiple local low-dimensional features (such as word
vector features) through various dimensionality reduction methods and then
compare. After extracting some of the features, the content that is pieced
together or modified will be detected by the system in keeping with many
features of the original content.
When technical means cannot judge the content, CNN Platform will
adopt a community committee-based copyright certification solution. With
due control, volunteers in the community can all become “referees” and
can use the information within the blockchain to trace the proceeds of the
infringement. Specific procedure consists of the following:
• When a user questions the content copyright, the challenger needs to
submit a certain amount of CNN as a deposit. Then, broadcast on the
whole network to form a “committee“ to vote for the challenge. Each
member of the committee is required to submit a certain amount of
CNN as a deposit. The majority of the voting party will win the vote.
• If the final decision is that there is no copyright infringement, the
CNN from the minority voting party and the person who raised this
issue shall be confiscated and re-distributed to the content creator and
majority of the voting party as compensation.
• If it is determined that there is indeed a copyright infringement, the
person who raised this issue may obtain the deposit of the infringer
and the advertising proceeds are retrieved and added to the reward
fund of the day (see 2.5.2.2 for details). The winners of the vote can

CHAPTER 2. ALL CONTENTS ARE CREATED EQUAL

12

get back the amount of deposits, and share the deposit of the minority
voting party.
The above scheme is expressed in pseudo-code as:
def vote ( sponsor , agrees , disagrees , author , reward , depositA ,
depositS , depositC , revenueAd ) :
if agrees . count > disagrees . count :
sponsor . account += depositA
reward += revenueAd
for agree in agrees :
agree . account += depositC / agrees . count
else :
author . account += ( depositS + depositC ) / ( disagrees .
count + 1)
for disagree in disagrees :
disagree . account += ( depositS + depositC ) / (
disagrees . count +1)

2.2

Content Repost

High-quality content is fundamental to a community’s sustainable development. As noted above, the CNN Platform encourages the circulation
of high quality content to maximize its value, so users deserve rewards when
they repost high-quality, original articles from the source community to
other related communities. Yet, at the same time CNN Platform does not
want users to simply repost articles and even junk articles for rewards, for
which CNN Platform has developed the Content Circulation Mechanism
(CCM).
• A certain amount of CNN need to be paid before one can repost an
article. The CNN will be paid to the original author of the article.
• The same article can only be re-posted to a target community once,
taking the timestamp first appearing in the target community on the
blockchain as the final.
• If the re-posted articles generate revenue in the target community, the
user who re-posted them earns a corresponding share based on the
reprovisioned revenue share model (see section 2.5.2.3).
Under this mechanism, reposting an article is equivalent to investing in
the article, the user pays the cost first in hope of receiving higher rewards.
Reposters have the incentive to pay and repost only when the article is
indeed of good quality, and in line with the target audience. The reward
a reposter will receive and how much he or she receives depends on the
extent to which the articles being reposted are preferred by the users in the
target community, thus ensuring that only high-quality articles that meet
the target community’s tone are in circulation.

CHAPTER 2. ALL CONTENTS ARE CREATED EQUAL

2.3

13

Distributed Reputation Mechanism

The reputation system is a key component of the content system. An excellent content system requires both high-quality and reliable content evaluation. The results are not trustworthy in the centralized content evaluations
system, whether anonymous or not. It is very likely for users to post junk
comments because of its low-cost nature in an anonymous world. However,
users are unwilling to express their true thoughts in the identity verified
system due to privacy concerns. CNN Platform utilizes blockchain technology to ensure the historical actions cannot be tampered with, and Zero
Knowledge Proof [8] enables users to express their honest thoughts without
compromising their privacy. Therefore, the reputation built upon the CNN
Platform is more trustworthy and supportive for the whole ecosystem.
The CNN Platform reputation system consists of the following parts:
• Content creator reputation: This term refers to creator’s popularity among users. The higher his reputation, the more likely his content
will be massively recommended, leading to more commercial earnings.
The specific mechanism will be detailed in section 2.4.2.
• Reader reputation: This characterizes the contribution the user
provides to the community. The user could evaluate the content via
comments, upvotes, and downvotes. In this way, the community can
pick up the valuable content, thus enriching the whole content community. The distribution system of CNN Platform will reward the user
accordingly based upon his reputation. The specific mechanism will
be presented in section 2.5.2.2.
• Recommendation node reputation: The reputation of a recommendation node reflects its ability to serve the downstream nodes. The
more effective a recommendation node is, the more likely it can serve
valuable users, thus increase its revenue.

2.4
2.4.1

Recommendation
Tone control

Different users have very different content needs. There are various
communities with different tones on the Internet, such as all-in-one NewsDog/Toutiao, elite-filled Flipboard, literary youth-led Vice, or angry netizens NetEase news. The tone of the community is usually determined by
the initial users of that community. Within CNN Platform’s ecosystem, the
initial 20 users in each content community will form a committee, each of
whom pays a certain amount of CNN to vote on whether to be compatible
and bundled or to maintain their tone.

CHAPTER 2. ALL CONTENTS ARE CREATED EQUAL

14

Once the community has decided on its tone, the committee will then
vote on assigning values of recommendation for different categories. The
value of recommendation is converted into different click through rates through
smart contracts as a criterion for expanding the recommendation audience.

2.4.2

Content’s popularity

Content communities need to reward high-quality content creators and
their work, but they also need to provide more exposure opportunities for
this high-quality content to gain more revenue so that authors have incentive to contribute more content. In the CNN Platform system, using R to
represent the content’s popularity, which is calculated as:
R = Rw ∗ θ0 ,
the following parts will define the Author Reputation Rw and Originality Factor θ0 respectively.
Author Reputation : Rw
The Content Neutrality Network(CNN Platform) creates strong network
effects for the reputation system over the Blockchain. On CNN Platform
readers interact with writer’s content via reading, commenting, upvoting
and gifting, etc. These interactions between readers and writers help to
create reputation mechanism.

Figure 3: Interaction Network
As described above, let edge Cij represent the contribution that reader
i make through reading, commenting, upvoting and gifting the contents of

CHAPTER 2. ALL CONTENTS ARE CREATED EQUAL

15

writer j. In order to create strong economic incentive for the CNN Platform
development (i.e. to overcome the chicken-and-egg problem in the presence
of network-effects) CNN Platform proposes ZhangRank c mechanism that
serves the following principles:
1. A Writer with many incoming edges from readers should receive high
ranking in the reputation system, hence in the token distribution, since
many readers benefit from his/her content.
2. A Writer with incoming edges from high-ranked readers should receive
high ranking since more high-ranked readers benefit from his/her content.
3. A reader with many outgoing edges to writers should receive high
ranking because of their active contribution to the community.
4. A reader with outgoing edges to high-ranked writers should receive
high ranking since they contribute in picking up those high-ranked
writers.
5. A node(writer or reader) that is added to the CNN Platform early-on
should receive high ranking since it helps CNN Platform grow (overcome chicken-and-egg problem).
The ranking mechanism based on above principles determines how token
payout is distributed among the writers. Principles #1 to #4 are based on
principles that are used in PageRank[9] algorithm for ranking webpages
connected through a link graph, while the difference is that the definition
of ZhangRank c is used for two separate groups. Principles #5 indicates
that early-adopters of the CNN Platform should be rewarded accordingly
as they help the ecosystem to grow, especially in the beginning. Thus,
the five principles can be satisfied through a “temporal PageRank” ranking
mechanism that add “reputation” based on timestamps of each node to
rankings generated by the PageRank algorithm. This mechanism is proposed
by Prof. Shoucheng Zhang, hence named ZhangRank c .
The ZhangRank c is calculated through the following steps:
1. The rank of each writer is calculated using the iterative algorithm
documented in the seminal paper[9] and the according patent[10]. This
iterative ranking algorithm satisfies the following two conditions:
Condition One:
rpw (A) =

X rp (Bi )CiA
α
r
+ (1 − α)
Nw
|Bi |
B →A
i

p (A) denotes the PageRank for writer A. B ’s are all the
Where rw
i
readers that contribute to writer A, CiA is the contribution that reader

CHAPTER 2. ALL CONTENTS ARE CREATED EQUAL

16

Bi contributes to writer A, and |Bi | is the contribution of all edges
that reader Bi contributes. Nw is the total number of writers on CNN
Platform. α is a constant number between 0 and 1 (typically 0.1) that
ensures the convergence of the iterative algorithm. One can show that
the vector of rankings is the eigenvector of the adjacency matrix of the
graph.
Condition Two:
rpr (B) =

X rp (Ai )CBi
α
w
+ (1 − α)
Nr
|Ai |
B→A
i

Where rrp (B) denotes the PageRank for reader B. Ai ’s are all the writers that reader B contributes to, CBi is the contribution that reader
B contributes to writer Ai , and |Ai | is the contribution of all edges
that writer Ai receives. Nr is the total number of readers on CNN
Platform.
2. A temporal weight function(W ) is defined using the time-stamp i for
each node Si as following:
W(Si ) = f (i)
Where f (x) is a real function that satisfies the following conditions:
∂f (x)
<x
∂x

0≤x<∞

f : [0, ∞) → (0, 1]
In other words, the function f (x) is a function that maps non-negative
real numbers to weight numbers between 0 and 1. There are many
candidates to use as function f (x), such as:
f (x) = e−x
f (x) =

1
1+x

3. The ZhangRank c
rw of writer Ai is calculated as following:
Rw = rw (Sw
i )=

w
rpw (Sw
i )W(Si )
Uw

where Uw is the normalization factor:
Uw =

X
i

w
rpw (Sw
i )W(Si )

CHAPTER 2. ALL CONTENTS ARE CREATED EQUAL

17

This ensures that sum of ZhangRank c for all writers equals to one.
Similarly, rr of reader Bi is calculated as following:
Rr = rr (Sri ) =

rpr (Sri )W(Sri )
Ur

where Ur is the normalization factor that ensures the sum of ZhangRank c
for all readers equals to one.
Ur =

X

rpr (Sri )W(Sri )

i

Originality Factor θ0
The calculation of content’s popularity also involves an originality factor
θ0 . For original content θ0 > 1; for non-original content θ0 = 1; this is for
encouraging more original content produced on the communities.
R will be applied to the recommendation algorithm in the next section.

2.4.3

Decentralized update of features and centralized recommendation

Subsequent to determining the community tone, personalized recommendation becomes the second-most important part of content distribution;
it is also a standard feature for almost every content community. The user’s
reading history and personal characteristics are used to match content that
will interest them most. In order to simultaneously make full use of the
advantages of decentralization of blockchain while improving its efficiency,
CNN Platform’s solution is to update the user’s feature model in a decentralized way, then use strong computing power to provide recommendation
services to all users of the platform through the recommendation nodes.
• The recommendation is completed using the Logistic Regression (LR)
model within CNN Platform protocol, which predicts the possibility for a user to click based on user and article characteristics and
previous click behavior. The CTR prediction can be expressed as
p = (y = 1|X, W ) where X is various features of articles and users
(entity words, categories, article semantic vectors, topic model vector,
etc.) and W is the weight of each feature.
• Every user’s feature matrix is stored and updated on that user’s nodes
in a decentralized way.
• If a node has insufficient computing power, it can broadcast adjacent
nodes to complete the calculation for it and pay a certain amount of
CNN as a reward.

CHAPTER 2. ALL CONTENTS ARE CREATED EQUAL

18

• Recommendation nodes and servers that provide every user with a recommendation service based on LR models and user characteristics. As
a reward, recommendation nodes receive an advertising revenue share.
Since the quality of recommendation determines the advertising revenue, and thus ultimately determines how much revenue a recommendation node will receive, the recommendation nodes will try their best
to deliver the best recommendation service possible. The recommendation nodes’ performance will decide their reputation, which would
impact the future work load and revenue.
• After calculating a user’s preference for articles based on the recommendation algorithm, the final score of the article can be calculated
through the user’s preference and the content popularity (see 2.4.2 for
details). With pseudocode expressed as:
def calc_final_score ( user_interest , content_weight ) :
return user_interest * (1 +1 / (1 + math . exp ( -1 *
content_weight ) ) )

2.4.4

Community-based feature finding mechanism

Personalized recommendation is based on the richness of a user’s features. To improve the performance of recommendation, such as the user’s
CTR and duration, algorithm developers can obtain the user’s behavior data
from the decentralized content storage system and subsequently discover new
user features through machine learning. This will therefore continue to improve the activity and earnings of all community members. Its operation
mode is as follows:
• Developers discover new features based on user data and submit them
to the committee, which consists of all recommendation nodes within
the community.
• Developers update the user feature model in a decentralized method,
and run the model on recommendation nodes that support A / B
testing. Developers are required to pay a certain amount of CNN as
the cost of the test.
• Run confidence interval of the experimental results. If the improvement of algorithm performance is reliable (> 95%), the new feature
model will be adopted and be broadcasted to the entire network.
• Until new features are introduced, the algorithm nodes using the new
feature model will share 20% of the subsequent recommendation revenue with the feature developer.
With the operation pseudocode expressed as:

CHAPTER 2. ALL CONTENTS ARE CREATED EQUAL

19

def explore_feature ( self , feature_set , recommend_server ) :
if self . account < explore_fee :
raise ()
self . account -= explore _fee
if run_explore ( feature_set , recommend_server ) :
recommend_server . feature_host = self

2.4.5

Community-based text annotation

The implementation of personalized recommendation requires a lot of
NLP information support. Because the global content industry presents an
explosive growth trend, this means that the NLP information also needs to
be added and updated regularly. However, the iteration requires a lot of
manpower investment. On the blockchain, CNN Platform will provide full
support to the enthusiasm of the community on improving the efficiency
and accuracy of the annotation. The specific operational procedures are as
follows:
• The system will decompose and publish the decomposed task. Each
annotation task must be annotated on the network and must have at
least three participants.
• If a user claims the task, he or she needs to pay a certain amount of
CNN as deposit. The smart contract will be generated after both sides
of the transaction confirm the allocation.
• The system automatically compares the results of the three annotators to determine the quality level of each annotator. If someone is
underqualified or there is breach of the contract, the deposit will be
deducted and will be added to the same day’s reward fund. The annotator whose work has been marked satisfying will receive reward from
community.

2.5
2.5.1

Share of Advertising Revenue
Reading revenue calculation

In CNN Platform’s system, advertising revenue will be calculated based
on the user’s attention. Specifically, Assuming that a user’s attention to an
advertisement is proportional to the amount of time a user spends on the
article. That advertiser will specify the user’s ideal reading time and the
corresponding CPM when they purchase an advertisement by CPM. When
the actual reading time is different from r0 , the price of a single ad display
is:
min (r0 , r) CP M
p0 =
∗
.
(1)
r0
1000

CHAPTER 2. ALL CONTENTS ARE CREATED EQUAL

20

To prevent users from constantly re-reading and refreshing articles to
gain an unreasonable proportion of revenue, CNN Platform reduces the cost
of advertising based on the total duration that the user has generated revenue. Therefore, no new revenue will be generated when reading articles
once the threshold is reached. This is expressed below:
R0 < R1 ,
R2
0
θ=
R −R , R1 < R <= R2 ,

 2 1
0
R2 < R0


 1,

−R0

(2)

R0 represents the total duration that the user has generated advertising
revenue today. R1 and R2 are the two thresholds. The user can receive
all of the revenues from the very beginning, but when the total duration
exceeds R1 , the user can only receive part of the revenue. If the total
duration exceeds R2 , the user can no longer receive any advertising revenue.
The actual cost the advertisers need to pay is:
p = θ ∗ p0 ,

(3)

This mechanism will prevent users from receiving advertising revenue by
suspicious behaviors, such as constantly refreshing and re-reading articles.
Formula 3 is used to determine ad revenue from the single reading activity of
a user, and it is then divided between the author, user, and recommendation
node based on a predetermined percentage as described in 2.5.2.1 or 2.5.2.3

2.5.2

Reading revenue distribution

2.5.2.1 The revenue share in the community
Traditionally on the Internet, users could not generate revenue by reading news because users’ attention was not recognized as a valuable resource
and the inefficiency of the traditional payment methods. However, because
of the trustworthy blockchain technology and the low-cost point-to-point
payment mechanism, it can be guaranteed that users will receive some advertising revenue from every effective reading practice. This will greatly
motivate users to migrate from the traditional Internet reading platform to
the CNN platform. At the same time, in order to stimulate user’s constructive behavior on the platform such as comments, upvotes and dislikes, CNN
Platform will draw part of the revenue (10%) as a reward fund in each advertisement display as a reward incentive, such as comments, upvotes, and
dislikes. Under normal circumstances, assuming that the distribution ratio
of authors, readers, recommendation nodes, and reward fund is 5: 2: 2: 1,
the distribution of advertising revenue is as shown in Figure 3:

CHAPTER 2. ALL CONTENTS ARE CREATED EQUAL

21

Figure 4: Advertising Revenue Share within Community
2.5.2.2 Distribution of reward fund
An active content system requires constant interaction between the
reader and content creator. Reader comments, upvotes, and dislikes are
all valuable behaviors on the platform. Therefore, in order to maintain the
virtuous cycle on the system, CNN Platform needs to encourage readers to
be more engaged in the positive interactions through reward fund.
Upvote or dislike actions and comments on a certain article can reward
a reader with contribution power. According to the proportion of each
reader’s contribution to the total system contribution, the reader will receive
a proportion of the reward fund generated by the system on a daily basis.
The reader contribution Pr is calculated as:
Pr = Rr ∗ P
Where


P = min (x, N1 ) + max 0,

X

N2 +

X



N3 +

X

log N4 ,

here Rr represents the reader’s reputation (defined in 2.4.2) ;N1 represents
this reader’s comments, upvotes, and dislikes; N2 represents the comments
and upvotes that this reader’s contents or comments receive; N3 represents
other readers’ dislikes on the contents or comments that this reader creates;
N4 represents the similar interaction activity that was given by other readers
subsequent to this reader giving his or her reaction.
The following explains the meaning of each part:
• min (x, N1 ) : CNN Platform wants each reader to provide their honest
opinion and rating accordingly. Therefore, we give a value of 1 for
each of the reader’s first x comments, upvotes, or dislikes, encouraging
readers to actively participate in content reviews.
• max (0, N2 + N3 ) : a value of 1 is given for a reader’s contents or
comments being upvoted; and a value of -1 for any dislike on any of
P

P

CHAPTER 2. ALL CONTENTS ARE CREATED EQUAL

22

his or her contents or comments. The minimum value of this part is
0.
•

P

log N4 : In order to encourage a reader to express their true opinions, CNN Platform treats subsequent evaluations of other reviewers
as votes on this reader’s current review. If a reader upvotes an article,
and the following reviewers also give upvotes for this article, then these
upvote behaviors are deemed to be endorsement of the reader’s upvote.
The same procedure also applies to the dislike action. Therefore, CNN
Platform converts the subsequent evaluation into the reader’s contribution.
class Reader :
...
def effort ( self , likes , dislikes , comments ,
be_liked_num , be_disliked_num ) :
# engagements
self . effort_num = min ( LIKE_LIMIT , len ( likes )
+ len ( dislikes ) + len ( comments ) )
# received engagements
self . effort_num +=
max (0 , be_liked_num - be_disliked_num )
# engagements after own engagement
self . effort_num +=
sum ( math . log ( like . after_like_num )
for like in likes )
self . effort_num +=
sum ( math . log ( like . after_dislike_num )
for dislike in dislikes )
def get_effort_profit ( self , total_effort ,
total_profit ) :
return total_profit * self . effort_num /
total_effort

2.5.2.3 Cross-community revenue share
On the traditional Internet, content licensing is often accompanied by
issues such as untrustworthiness, fake data, and non-real-time settlement,
hindering the circulation of content among communities. As mentioned in
Section 2.2, CNN Platform encourages the circulation of high quality content
among communities via our mechanism on the CNN Platform ecosystem.
The details are presented as follows:
• If a reader feels that an article posted on community A will also be
popular on community B, then he or she can pay a certain amount of
CNN to repost this article to community B.
• The system will check the timestamp to verify if the article has been
reposted to community B. if the article has been reposted by others,

CHAPTER 2. ALL CONTENTS ARE CREATED EQUAL

23

the system will then automatically reject this action and the repost
fee will be refunded.
• If community B does not have this article, then the repost action
will be finalized and the repost fee will be transferred to the content
creator. The revenue generated from this article in community B will
be distributed among the author, the person who reposted, the reader
from community B, the recommendation node, and the community B
reward fund. The income distribution is presented as shown in Figure
4:

Figure 5: Cross-community Advertising Revenue Share
def profit ( self , y , writer , reader , recommend ,
reward , reposter = None ) :
if self . balance < p :
raise ()
self . balance -= p
if reposter is None :
riter . account += p * PERCENT_WRITER
reader . account += p * PERCENT_READER
recommend . account += p * PERCENT_RECOMMEND
reward . account += p * PERCENT_REWARD
else :
writer . account += p * PERCENT_SHARE_WRITER
reader . account += p * PERCENT_SHARE_READER
recommend . account += p * P E RC EN T _S H AR E_ R EC O MM EN D
reward . account += p * PERCENT_SHARE _REWARD
reposter . account += p * P ERC EN T_ SH ARE _R EP OS TER

2.6

Incentives

Users and content authors of content communities have an extremely
rich set of interactive scenarios on the platform. In addition to the consumption of the content itself, it also includes interaction between users,

CHAPTER 2. ALL CONTENTS ARE CREATED EQUAL

24

content sharing, user invitations, and more. Among them, inviting new
users is one of the most important part. The more users, the more active
the ecosystem is, and the greater the value is. The content ecosystem, which
is based on the CNN Platform protocol, is a natural incentive model for users
to participate in revenue sharing as one of the main ecosystem entities.
The rules and procedures of the traditional incentive system are complex
and incentive settlement cycles are long, which leads to them being inefficient and error-prone. The invitation incentive mechanism based on CNN
Platform protocol can simplify the incentive process and even achieve the
multi-level effect, which enlarges the possible benefits brought by inviting
new users, enhancing the incentive effect and reducing the cost and difficulty
of acquiring new users in the community. This is particularly evident in the
Indian market. The specific process is:
• Every day, the platform distributes a certain amount of CNN quota
as the incentive reward pool. For the specific amount, please refer to
the Chapter 7 Release Plan.
• Calculate each user’s contribution to increasing the overall eco-user
community, and all users share a daily incentive pool based on their
contribution.
• All invitations and invited relationships are recorded on the blockchain,
forming an open tree structure that cannot be tampered with. The
contribution of each user is calculated from his or her subtree.
• In CNN Platform ecosystem, users can get contribution values from
all users in their subtrees. If A invites B, B then invites C, then C
is a level 2 invite user of A. If X is an level-n invite user of A, X can
contribute 21−n point value to A. A daily contribution value formula
can be calculated as:
X
R=
21−n ,
• At the end of the day, each user shares the same day’s incentive bonus
pool based on their contribution.
In this incentive network, it is possible to continually attribute to the
value of every new user to his or her parents, which will greatly motivate
users, and also enhance the user’s viscosity. At the same time, decentralized
settlement brings higher efficiency to CNN Platform protocol-based incentives and allows users to quickly obtain incentive rewards. The module’s
pseudocode can be expressed as:
class User :
# calc all parent contribute when new users sign up
def cal _inv ite_ contr ibut e ( self ) :
contribution = 1

CHAPTER 2. ALL CONTENTS ARE CREATED EQUAL

25

Figure 6: CNN Platform Incentive Pattern.
p = self . parent
while ( p is not None ) :
p . contribution += contribution
contribution /= 2
p = p . parent
...
# calc own contribute at end of day
def get_invite_profit ( self , total_contribution ,
total_invite_prof it ) :
self . account += total_invite_profit * self . contribution /
total_ contribution

2.7

Tipping Mechanism

Tipping is an emerging way of content payment for users to express
their appreciation of the author. It is a triumph for decentralization culture, breaking the monopoly position of cultural and entertainment elites.
It allows users to express themselves and express their recognition of the
author.
Under CNN Platform protocol, a point-to-point rewarding channel can
be established. The tip a user gives to an author will go directly into the
author’s account. And the tip is also regarded as recognition of the author
and will help the author and his work receive more exposure. The tipping
activity also reflects the user’s reading preferences.

CHAPTER 2. ALL CONTENTS ARE CREATED EQUAL

26

In order to prevent the author from cheating through tipping, the platform will draw a percentage (e.g. 20%) from the tip as the reward for
recommendation service.

Chapter 3

Technical Solutions of CNN
Platform
CNN Platform will be developed with solutions that have been used and
verified by actual projects in the open source community, combined with
the team’s original technology stack and codes. The foundation intends to
design a suite of technical solutions and system architectures, and integrate
these architectures into the blockchain technology.

3.1

Capacity Expansion and Speed Improvement

To complete a transaction on the blockchain, all computer nodes in the
network either need to validate the transaction or execute a smart contract.
If all nodes achieve the same result and come to an agreement, then the
transaction is confirmed. This is a very slow and inefficient process. There
are some projects that can speed up the transaction of Ethereum, such as
Plasma and Raiden, but these projects use either non-chain or sidechain and
don’t aim at the expansion issue of blockchain.
The foundation has designed several programs as a solution to this problem.

3.1.1

DPoS delegated proof of stake

DPoS (Delegated Proof of Stake) algorithm [11] can solve performance
and energy consumption problem caused by decentralized POW. Under
DPoS, the nodes using blockchain vote to generate N witnesses, who will
then sign the blocks. DPoS is more democratized than the rest of the systems
due to the implementation of the decentralized voting mechanism, ensuring
that the witnesses behave honestly and without prejudice while maintaining
the mechanism. Therefore, each block can prove that the previous block was
correctly confirmed by the witness. DPoS reduces the transaction time for
27

CHAPTER 3. TECHNICAL SOLUTIONS OF CNN PLATFORM

28

a certain number of blocks to be verified by reducing the required confirmations, therefore significantly increasing the transaction speed. As a result,
the cryptocurrency transaction can be conducted as smooth as a centralized
transaction system, such as those of Visa and MasterCard.

3.1.2

PBFT practical byzantine fault tolerance

Malicious attacks and software errors will continue to increase, resulting
in arbitrary behavior of the infected nodes. This behavior may mislead other
replica nodes and lead to more harm than just crashing. The early Byzantine
fault tolerance algorithm was based on a synchronous system and could
not run due to its low performance. In 1999, Miguel Castro and Barbara
Liskov proposed a Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance (PBFT) [12], which
solved the problem of Byzantine fault tolerance through copy duplications.
It solves the problem of low efficiency of the original Byzantine fault-tolerant
algorithm, reduces the complexity of the algorithm from NP to P, and makes
the Byzantine fault-tolerant algorithm ready to run. In an asynchronous
environment, the response performance significantly increased by optimizing
earlier algorithms, and performance tests demonstrated that the system was
only 3% slower than standard NFS without copied duplication.

3.1.3

Our proposal

After an in-depth study about the existing blockchain expansion solutions, the preliminary conclusion is that the DPoS consensus mechanism and
Sharding Scheme will be adopted to solve the bottleneck of the capacity and
transaction speed on the blockchain. In the future, CNN Platform will continue to explore new technologies to further enhance system capacity and
speed.
The specific solutions are as follows:
Taking computation performance and storage pressure into consideration, CNN Platform divides the database to shardings. Each shard only
deals with part of the transaction, so it has a small consensus protocol, and
will be able to process transactions in a parallel manner, hence improving
system throughputs. In a parallel processing network, each shard can handle hundreds of transactions per second, and the entire network can handle
thousands of transactions per second. As more nodes are added, the network
will become faster at validating transactions. Once the network is as large
as Ethereum, the network can handle transactions faster than banks and
possibly at a lower cost. For example, Zilliqa has adopted an efficient and
extensible sharding scheme with 600-800 nodes in each shard for computing [13]. This ensures security without sole dependence on the centralized
node. As the number of nodes increases, the throughput will grow linearly.
Currently, Ethereum also upgrades EVMs and provides basic support at the

CHAPTER 3. TECHNICAL SOLUTIONS OF CNN PLATFORM

29

smart contract layer. Therefore, implementing the Ethereum-blockchainbased Sharding solution is simple and feasible.
Based on the Sharding scheme, CNN Platform will use the DPoS mechanism to solve the low speed problem for transaction confirmation. The
implementation of this mechanism is similar to stock authorization certification. Through voting without friction in real-time while avoiding the
participation of untrustworthy parties, it relies on a credit system to generate a group of aggregated “creditors” (“trustees”) who have the right to
output block and add it to the blockchain. Each round is randomly signed
by a group of creditors to generate blocks; therefore each round has a different block generation order. It is very important that this system does not
require a very high level of trust and that the blockchain producers (i.e.,
the trustee) can only choose to produce or not produce blocks, or either
pack or unpack the transaction. They don’t have the capability to change
the details of the transaction, such as sender, receiver, or balance. In this
model, the trustee has little influence if he or she does something bad. If the
trustee drops a block, the next trustee will produce a block twice the size,
including the missing transaction in the previous block. The confirmation
time changes from 10s to 20s. There are no other influences. The trustee’s
behaviors are publicly visible, such as the malicious or procrastinating behaviors, therefore the community has ability to simply vote them out. As
a result, the trustee loses their potential income and benefits, and therefore
has no incentive to do wrong. The architecture of our proposal solution is
as shown in Figure 6.

Figure 7: Capacity Expansion Architecture.

CHAPTER 3. TECHNICAL SOLUTIONS OF CNN PLATFORM

3.2

30

Decentralized Content Storage

The size of the data on the web is huge, with structured user profiles and
unstructured files (images, videos, documents, etc.). They are usually stored
in the server’s database or in each site’s file system, which is a centralized
way to store a large amount of centralization content. This centrally stored
data is often subject to institutional scrutiny, like that of the U.S. Security
Agency C.I.A., which allows the government to easily access sensitive data
as long as they control the server. On the other hand, these servers can
easily be hacked, the data privacy is unreliable, and system error, such as
error 502, often occurs. Finally, the centrally stored data is under the risk of
being modified by the server owner, and operation history can be tampered
with as well. These problems can be effectively avoided.
The current decentralized storage solutions are Sia [14], Storj [15], MaidSafe [16], IPFS [17] and so forth, as described below:
Sia provides a decentralized, reward-based cloud storage system that
can compete with a centralized, similar system like Amazon S3. It is highly
focused on becoming an enterprise product, whose developers are constantly
optimizing their product designs to be more flexible in handling the diversity
of cloud storage.
Storj is a pay-as-you-go approach where renters frequently pay for a
host. Storj’s goal is similar to that of Sia, except that Storj does not use
the built-in smart contracts of blockchain. The host will not be paid if the
user is not online. Storj is currently in the internal testing phase.
MaidSafe is a very ambitious project, with developers moving beyond
decentralized storage systems that are not focused on efficiency. MaidSafe
uses a new consensus mechanism (different from blockchain), which is not
proof of PoW work. MaidSafe has not been proven as practical as Bitcoin’s
mechanism.
The IPFS (InterPlanetary File System) is implemented by Y Combinator’s Protocol Labs and aim to replace the Internet HTTP protocol, which
the public has become accustomed to for the past 20 years. IPFS is a pointto-point distributed file system that connects all computing devices to the
same file system. It uses content addressing technology to separate content
from the source server and stores it permanently. IPFS can be as close to
a user as CDN, protecting decentralized storage sites and eliminating potential DDoS attacks. IPFS can archive important public records to avoid
loss brought by site’s termination of operations. There are already many
sites like Neocities that are based on IPFS, and an increasing number of
blockchain projects are also running on IPFS. The specific protocol pseudocode is:
type EncryptedObject struct {
// raw object data encrypted
Object [] bytes

CHAPTER 3. TECHNICAL SOLUTIONS OF CNN PLATFORM

31

// optional tag for encryption groups
Tag [] bytes
}
type SignedObject struct {
// raw object data signed
Object [] bytes
// hmac signature
Signature [] bytes
// multihash identifying key
PublicKey [] multihash
}

Based on the above analysis and investigation, CNN Platform adopts
IPFS to solve the decentralized storage of content. Separating the content
data from the blockchain can effectively save the blockchain resources and
improve the processing capacity of the entire system.

3.3

Probabilistic Micropayments

2017, David L. Salamon introduced probabilistic micropayments [18] as
the new micropayment solution. An expandable network of micropayment
channels can be provided through probabilistic micropayments, where micropayments can be implemented with high frequency and low cost. Probabilistic micropayments can send an arbitrary number of payments to an arbitrary
number of recipients, without any per-recipient initialization or settlement
transactions. This will reduce transaction costs and making high-frequency
micropayments possible. The procedure is as follows:
• The sender deposits CNN into a smart contract (shared by all senders)
which maintains, for each sender, payment balance and penalty escrow.
• The sender creates and signs a ticket locally — a cryptographic data
structure that includes payment data, such as recipient and amount.
• The sender sends the ticket directly to the recipient without posting
anything on the Ethereum network.
• The recipient verifies the ticket. If the ticket is valid the recipient now
has cryptographic proof that they are being paid. Note that even if
a ticket is not a “win” the recipient still has absolute proof of being
paid, since the randomness used to determine whether a ticket wins or
not is derived from both the sender and the recipient. In such a way,
neither party can manipulate the outcome.
A valid ticket may be a “win”, in which case it can be claimed by posting
an on-chain Ethereum transaction.

Chapter 4

NewsDog - CNN Platform’s
First Application
NewsDog was founded in late 2015. Beofre starting the app, the founding team noticed the tremendous potential of India’s economic growth and
digital content market. Therefore, NewsDog decided to put its focus on
India’s personalized content.
For the past two years, the number of mobile phone users in India has
doubled, while the internet data price has significantly decreased to Rs 5
per GB. NewsDog enjoyed rapid growth at the same time. Since its launch
in early 2016, NewsDog has accumulated more than 40 million users and
are now ranked No. 1 on the Google Play news apps list, making it the
smallest, fastest, and most popular news app in India. Aside from that,
NewsDog collaborated with thousands of media companies in India to provide users with news information in ten languages, such as English, Hindi,
Tamil, Marathi, and others, covering over ten different categories, such as
politics, economics, entertainment, sports, health, technology, local, world,
and more.
NewsDog has built a powerful recommendation system and has calculated a detailed user profile for all participants. Not only have they provided
personalized content for each user, they have also facilitated content and advertisement delivery.
NewsDog team will work closely with CNN Platform team to migrate
some of NewsDog’s features to CNN Platform protocol by mid-2018.

4.1

CNN Platform protocol-based Recommendation System

Recommendation is the core for the content platform, but it’s also the
most resource consuming job. An advanced recommendation system takes

32

CHAPTER 4. NEWSDOG - CNN PLATFORM’S FIRST APPLICATION33

Figure 8: NewsDog Rank History on Google Play.

(a)

(b)

(c)

Figure 9: NewsDog Google Play Screenshots
a long time to build. On the other hand, in order to obtain accurate recommendations, privacy has become the price users have to pay to consume
content. The recommendation system based on the CNN Platform protocol
can solve these two problems.
NewsDog’s recommendation system is based on a wide range of user
portraits and user data, and the centralized portraits and storage and computation of the data become a time-consuming and burdensome task. With
the recommendation system based on the CNN Platform protocol, the user
feature model is distributed and stored in each node of the blockchain, which
can reduce the pressure of the central recommendation node. Distributed

CHAPTER 4. NEWSDOG - CNN PLATFORM’S FIRST APPLICATION34
anonymous storage can also eliminate privacy issues for users.

4.2

Advertising Revenue Sharing Model Based on
CNN Platform Protocol

Users play a very important role in the current Internet content ecosystem. The content community uses the user’s attention to earn the advertising value, but users cannot participate in the commercial profit sharing.
Based on the CNN Platform protocol, the NewsDog community’s advertising revenue is distributed to users, reposters, recommendation nodes
and referrals beyond content creators.
The content creators of NewsDog are the source of content ecology and
therefore they receive the largest share in the revenue sharing model. Authors can receive a corresponding percentage of their articles’ ads revenue
as they are read, reproduced, and commented on. In the CNN Platform
copyright protection mechanism, the author also will be compensated if the
copyright is violated.
Under revenue distribution system on CNN Platform, NewsDog users
can get rewards by reading articles, commenting, and upvoting; the more
active in the community, the more revenue users receive. At the same time,
users also undertake the task of transferring content among communities.
After reposting the articles, the users can obtain corresponding benefits
based on the performance of the articles.
In addition, the recommendation node plays a unique role in the CNN
Platform system, and will also receive the corresponding proportion of ads
revenue.

4.3

Multi-level Incentive System

Because of the centralized setup, the traditional incentive system poses
a great challenge to the planning and operation of rules. Each incentive
activity requires a high operating cost and the effectiveness of the incentive can’t be guaranteed. NewsDog uses CNN-Platform-based multi-level
incentive system to effectively solve the input and efficiency problems.
As the invitation records are distributed throughout the blockchain, it
is possible to reduce the operator’s server and computing costs. Currently,
there are two layers in the incentive systems within NewsDog. With CNN
Platform, NewsDog can expand two layers into multiple layers, better leverage the user invitation, and optimize the incentive effect. Due to the introduction of CNN, users who participate in the incentive can get incentive
rewards sooner, shortening the incentive cycle to one day, and stimulating
the enthusiasm for users to participate.

CHAPTER 4. NEWSDOG - CNN PLATFORM’S FIRST APPLICATION35

4.4

NewsDog MALAMAAL – The Extent of the
Incentive Model

NewsDog is the first player to introduce the live-streaming Q&A section
(just like HQ Trivia) to India. This model combines a live-streaming platform with an incentive program to acquire new users. However, under the
CNN Platform system, this model can evolve from a pure user-acquisition
tool to a next-generation all-service-platform. Therefore, CNN Platform
introduces the NewsDog MALAMAAL Store into the app. It can provide
more value-added services to users settled by CNN.
The game rule is to answer 12 questions correctly to enter in to the
shared prize pool. To make the game more entertaining, CNN Platform
introduces the privileged right of “extra life” to the game. Participants can
get an extra life by inviting a new user, thus increasing their chances of
winning. Based on this, CNN Platform introduces the online store to offer
more value-added services to users:
• Extra life card: When the user chooses the wrong answer, he or she
can use the “extra life” privilege to be back in the game.
• Tips card: Users can use this to receive hints for the correct answer.
• Pass card: When a user does not know the right answer to the question,
he can use this card to skip to the next question.
The MALAMAAL itself works as a self-contained economic system. All
privileged cards will be settled in CNN. The shared prize is also given in
CNN.

4.5

Fantasy Cricket League

Cricket is the national sport of India. Statistics show that about 800
million watched the LPL and IPC cricket matches from April to June in
2017. Additionally, Cricket World Cup offers more business opportunities
in India. As the largest news app in India, NewsDog will introduce the
Fantasy Cricket League to satisfy a user’s needs.
Fantasy Cricket League is a cricket game in NewsDog where users can act
as the manager of a cricket team and play the tournament to gain earnings.
The specific rules are as follows:
1. Users pay an amount of CNN to build a cricket team
2. Each season, there is an auction where all players are ready for the
managers to bid

CHAPTER 4. NEWSDOG - CNN PLATFORM’S FIRST APPLICATION36
3. Once all players are selected, the game starts. In specific time of a
season, managers can exchange players with other teams by CNN to
seek better result
4. At the end of each season, managers receive their earnings according
to the rank of their team in the league

4.6
4.6.1

Other Model
Paid horoscope consultancy

Horoscope culture has become increasingly popular around the world.
Many media agencies globally, especially in India and China, have built a
horoscope on their website or social media, and many freelancers are also
entering into this area. For instance, Vogue India has over 1.12 million
followers on Twitter, and they post a daily horoscope message for all of the
users. China’s popular horoscope KOL “Uncle Tondao” has more than 136.2
million followers on Weibo, and many people comment and upvote his posts.
Therefore, in order to satisfy users’ cultural needs, NewsDog introduced paid
horoscope consultancy services. The details are presented as follows:
• Personalized horoscope information: One user can pay an amount of
CNN and input his or her personal information like date of birth, place
of birth and blood type to receive his or her personalized horoscope
information
• Professional KOL answering: One user can pay an amount of CNN to
ask a KOL professional on NewsDog to answer his or her horoscope
related questions

4.6.2

Paid Q&A

In the era of information explosion, there are many mobile apps that
help users select and filter useful information such as Quora and Zhihu. The
potential of these apps relies on their popularity and practicality. Therefore,
Newsdog has developed the same type of Q&A model taking advantage of
its vast content to provide users with comprehensive services. The specific
form is as follows:
• Crowdfunding Q&A: Users may pay an amount of CNN and ask a
KOL to answer some questions. If other users are interested in the
questions, they may also pay CNN to join. If the KOL answers the
questions, he could get CNN paid by all users. Otherwise, the tokens
would be returned to users who raised the question.

CHAPTER 4. NEWSDOG - CNN PLATFORM’S FIRST APPLICATION37
• Professional one-on-one Q&A: Users can pick a KOL they trust and
pay a number of CNN to ask the KOL questions and get an exclusive
answer. The writer can receive the tokens once he or she answers the
question.

4.6.3

Charity activities

Not only does the Internet facilitate information communication, it also
shortens the distance between people. This provides a good opportunity
to promote charity activities to benefit society as a whole. As the largest
news app in India, using the platform to promote charity activities is not
only News Dog’s corporate responsibility, but also to provide a platform for
people to help each other. Based upon blockchain’s open and tamper-proof
nature, NewsDog presents the following proposal:
• People who need help should post their detailed information on the
platform, and a professional team will verify his information
• Users can offer their help to them by donating CNN
• The victim/survivor can get all donated CNN after his information is
verified
• Both the platform and donee need to regularly update donors regarding the condition, so as to ensure openness and transparency

Chapter 5

Development Plan

Figure 10: NewsDog Development Path.
The first stage: 2017 Q4: research stage
Study the feasibility of a CNN Platform vision to create a decentralized,
user-focused, neutral content ecosystem. While working closely with NewsDog and the consultant team, the philosophy behind CNN Platform was
developed.
The second stage: 2018 Q1: token offering
Develop CNN Platform’s core smart contract and issue CNN. The foundation will organize a private sale and the use of privately financed funds is
detailed in Chapter 7.
The third stage: 2018 Q2 - Q4: prototype development
To develop the first generation of CNN Platform prototype, mainly include
CNN Platform’s modules, such as copyright certification and dispute resolution systems, content revenue sharing systems, and user-inviting incentives.
NewsDog became the first APP on the CNN Platform protocol. This prototype system is primarily for content distribution APPs; it will be completely
38

CHAPTER 5. DEVELOPMENT PLAN

39

open-sourced on Github and will be audited separately.
The fourth stage: 2019 Q1 - Q3: application and promotion
At this stage, The foundation will mainly focus on the promotion and operation of the CNN Platform system. The development of the system will be
adjusted and improved according to market and user feedback in a timely
manner. The focus will be on improving the content revenue sharing mechanism and user invitation incentive mechanism to stimulate the interests
of content creators and community active users, as well as to enable the
system to support multimedia content, such as pictures and videos, so that
more communities and users can enjoy the convenience brought by the CNN
Platform mechanism.
The fifth stage: 2019 Q4 - 2020 Q2: CNN Platform 2.0 research
and development
As more and more users start using CNN Platform systems and contracts,
The foundation will upgrade the system architectures by integrating the
latest blockchain technologies to further solve the problem of decentralized
storage and transaction speed, as well as enhance the expansion and flexibility of software systems. At this stage, CNN Platform may run on a
blockchain outside ETH, such as EOS.

Chapter 6

D-Run Foundation
D-Run Foundation is designed from the ground-up to facilitate the development, transparent management, and other improvements related to
CNN Platform, aiming at creating a healthy and sustainable ecosystem
for blockchain node operators, content creators, advertisers, and other end
users. All of the participants in the eco-community are entitled to provide
and use the network services and exchange CNN. The ultimate goal of DRun Foundation is to become an independent, and non-profit organization
that promotes the democratic, healthy, transparent, and reliable development of the ecosystem. In order to achieve this, D-Run Foundation has set
up three major principles:
1. Transparency & openness
• Independently manage to develop CNN Platform protocol and its
applications.
• Separate legal entity from NewsDog and other entities.
• Management team acts independently of NewsDog.
2. Non-profit
• Aimed at developing a healthy and sustainable scalable system
responsible for the interests of CNN Platform holders.
• Work with NewsDog under the mutually beneficial commercial
agreements.
• D-Run Foundation takes responsibility for the issuance and distribution of token.
3. Advanced management system
• As an independent legal entity, D-Run Foundation develops its
own operation and management mechanism.

40

CHAPTER 6. D-RUN FOUNDATION

41

• Consultancy services are provided by top-tier professionals.
• Technical services for CNN Platform blockchain applications will
be provided.
The mission of D-Run Foundation is to create a decentralized content
ecosystem for participants, and provide blockchain solutions for the real
world and online applications. It also aims at providing a free and neutral platform for service development, enhancement, and delivery to attract
users. In order to achieve this goal, the foundation will establish a transparent management process that takes into account the views and suggestions
of all participants, and set up transparent pricing and participation rules for
token issuance to ensure CNN Platform’s revenue transparency.

Chapter 7

CNN Issuance
Taken into account the frequency of reading and users’ spending habits
in developing countries, the value of each CNN will be set relatively low.
D-Run foundation proposes to issue 100 billion CNN, 30 billion of which
will be allocated for private sales.
The foundation plans to launch CNN through the D-Run Foundation
or its wholly owned subsidiaries. Interested parties please visit http://
cnntoken.io// for latest information on CNN Platform project and token
sales.
The allocation plan of CNN Platform’s 100 billion tokens is as follows:

Private sales
NewsDog team
Advisors and current investors
Seeding users and ecosystem
D-Run Foundation reserves

Allocation
30%
20%
15%
15%
20%

1. Financing: Plan to raise 30,000 ETH, 1 ETH = 1,000,000 CNN
2. Token issuance in private sales: 30 billion
3. Percentage of private sales: 30%
The proceeds from the private sales will be used for:
• R&D (developing CNN Platform protocol and migrate NewsDog to
CNN Platform) - 60%
• Marketing and developing the content communities - 25%;
• Operating and G&A costs - 15%;

42

Chapter 8

CNN Platform Team
Forrest Chen
Forrest is a successful serial entrepreneur, expert on deep-learning, product and strategic leadership. He is in charge of strategy, management and
business alliance of NewsDog and CNN Platform. Prior to NewsDog, he
co-founded Umeng which was acquired by Alibaba for $70 million in 2013.
Forrest is an expert on algorithm, product, R&D, and entrepreneurial leaderships. His papers were published on top-tier academic journals such as
ACM Transactions on the Web, and ACM SIGSPATIAL with hundreds of
citations. He received his Bachelor of Software Engineering and Master of
Computer Science from Tsinghua University.

Dr. Maggie Ma
Ph.D. in Financial Engineering from Princeton University. Maggie is in
charge of data analysis, content platform and operation team at NewsDog
and CNN Platform. Prior to NewsDog, Maggie worked for Baidu M&A
team and Goldman Sachs IBD as a director/associate,leading major financing and investment . She is an expert on data analysis, international team
management and business development. She received her PhD of Financial
Engineering from Princeton University and Bachelor of Electrical Engineering from Tsinghua University with papers published on top-tier journals
such as SIAM Journal on Financial Mathematics.

Dr. Linjie Luo
Linjie is responsible for developing CNN Platform’s next generation recommendation algorithm. He is a senior research scientist and manager at
Snap Inc. focusing on artificial intelligence, computer vision and computer
graphics. He has 17 papers published in top-tier academic venues including
CVPR and SIGGRAPH with more than 600 citations. He has filed more
43

CHAPTER 8. CNN PLATFORM TEAM

44

than 15 US patents with industry leader licensees such as Weta Digital.
Prior to Snap Inc., he worked as a research scientist at Adobe Research. He
received his PhD of Computer Science from Princeton University and BS
from Tsinghua University with honors.

Siddharth Puri
Sid is the co-founder of Tyroo Media Pvt Ltd and SVG Media Pvt Ltd, and
the founder of SMILE Internet Technologies,leading internet groups in India
and South East Asia. He is responsible for strategic collaboration, sales and
business team management of CNN Platform. He has 15 years of experience
in the digital media, advertising, Internet and education industries, and
also has extensive experience in strategic collaboration, sales and business
negotiation.

Dr. Lei Qi
Lei is a mathematician and an expert on machine learning/statistical learning. He serves as investment portfolio manager at Athena Capital Research,
designing and managing cutting-edge quantitative trading strategies. Lei
received his Ph.D. of Operations Research and Financial Engineering from
Princeton University, and Bachelor of Math/Physics from Tsinghua University.

Carlin Li
Carlin got her Master’s degree from King’s College London(KCL) and spent
a summer in University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill on an exchange
program. Her research interests include big data, location-based services,
etc. Prior to NewsDog and CNN Platform, she worked as a user growth
expert at Uber China, and a content analyst at ByteDance (Jinri Toutiao).

Ray Tian
Ray is an active explorer of cutting-edge technologies such as social communication model. He has created excellent user acquisition, incentive model
and social marketing for NewsDog. Ray is very experienced in KOL promotion, big data, E-commerce and content distribution. He was the founding
member of Ji Yu Zhou Tian, an E-commerce start-up. Ray received his
master’s degree of Foreign Linguistics and Applied Linguistics from Lanzhou

CHAPTER 8. CNN PLATFORM TEAM

45

University.

Tony Zhu
Tony is NewsDog’s back-end engineer leader. He received his Bachelor or
Computer Science from Harbin Institute of Technology. He has extensive
experience on the design and development of high concurrency and recommendation system architecture. Tony has studied blockchain technology for
several years, and previously served as an engineer, architect, and engineer
leader in Tencent, Douban, Umeng and Alibaba. Now, he is the major engineer in NewsDog in charge of engineering architecture design and algorithm
architecture.

Chapter 9

Advisors
Prof. Shoucheng Zhang
Prof. Zhang is the JG Jackson and CJ Wood professor of physics. He is a
member of the US National Academy of Science, the American Academy of
Arts and Sciences and a foreign member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
He discovered a new state of matter called topological insulator in which
electrons can conduct along the edge without dissipation, enabling a new
generation of electronic devices with much lower power consumption. For
his ground breaking work in topological insulators, quantum spin Hall effect,
spintronics, quantum Hall effect and high temperature superconductivity,
he received numerous international awards, including the Buckley Prize, the
Dirac Medal and Prize, the Europhysics Prize, the Physics Frontiers Prize
and the Benjamin Franklin Medal. Prof. Zhang founded Danhua Capital
in 2013 to focus investments in startups from Stanford and Silicon Valley,
with a focus on blockchain projects and AI.

Prof. Jianqing Fan
Prof. Fan is Frederick L. Moore Professor of Finance, Director of Committee
of Statistical studies, Professor of Dept. of ORFE at Princeton University.
He is also the director of Shanghai Center for Big Data Finance and Innovations. He was the former president of the Institute of Mathematical
Statistics and International Chinese Statistical Association. Prof. Fan is
co-editing Journal of Econometrics and was the co-editor of The Annals of
Statistics, Probability Theory and Related Fields and Econometrics Journal. His published work has been recognized by the 2000 COPSS Presidents’
Award, the 2007 Morningside Gold Medal of Applied Mathematics, Guggenheim Fellow, P.L. Hsu Prize, Royal Statistical Society Guy medal in silver,
and election to Academician of Academia Sinica and fellow of American Associations for Advancement of Science, Society of Financial Econometrics,

46

CHAPTER 9. ADVISORS

47

American Statistical Association, among others.

Kunal Shah
Mr. Shah is an Indian entrepreneur, founder and Ex-CEO of FreeCharge
which was acquired by Sanpdeal for $400 million. He co-founded FreeCharge
in 2010, seeing the potential of online recharging in a growing market. After FreeCharge was acquired, Shah was appointed as the new CEO of the
company. He is also ex-Chairman at IAMAI Forum, a non-profit industry
body registered under the Societies Act, 1896 and the only representative
body of Internet and Mobile Value Added Services business in India. Shah
graduated with Bachelor of Arts degree in Philosophy from Wilson College,
Mumbai.

Yahui Zhou
Mr. Zhou is the founder and Chairman of Beijing Kunlun Tech. As a successful entrepreneur, he founded one of the largest comics websites in 2000.
After that, he served as Chief Officer of Qianxiang Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd. from 2005 to 2007. Mr. Zhou is also an
experienced investor who has invested several famous companies including
Qufenqi, Inke, Dada etc. and has incubated several unicorn companies. Mr.
Zhou received his Master’s degree from Tsinghua university.

Kevin Wen
Mr. Wen is a partner at Ce Yuan Ventures and an experienced investor
of blockchain projects. Prior to joining Ce Yuan Ventures, he was the cofounder, director and president of LightInTheBox Holding Co. Ltd., responsible for the company’s marketing, product development and user experience. He is also the founder of blogdrive.com, the earliest blog service
platform in China; he served as the vice president of blogchina.com after the
merge in 2005, responsible for the company’s overall product and commercial
development.

Mickey Tian
Mr. Tian is an early adopter and long time supporter of bitcoin since 2011.
He majored in distributed systems and acquired BS/MS degree from dept.
CS&T, Tsinghua University. Mickey served as Chief Scientist in the first
bitcoin fund in China, bitfundpe.com and was an early supporter of Zerocoin
upon its incarnation since 2013, which later became Zcash. He also invested
in Bitfinex as a shareholder. Mickey helped a lot of blockchain startups and

CHAPTER 9. ADVISORS

48

advised them, including iost.io, data.eco and ddex.io. Mickey is also a serial
entrepreneur. As architect, he joined multiple startups which became or was
sold to giants later in their field such as Shenma Inc.

Prof. Winnie Peng
Prof. Peng is Associate Director of the Tanoto Center for Asian Family
Business and Entrepreneurship Studies at HKUST Business School as well
as adjunct associate professor of Department of Finance. Her research and
teaching interests include family business, entrepreneurship, private equity
and venture capital. Her articles are published in top academic journals as
well as local and international media. Prof. Peng has also published various
case studies or renowned family businesses and multinational corporations
in Asia. She teaches family business courses for MBA and EMBA students
and senior executives of global financial institutions.

Chapter 10

Risks
You acknowledge and agree that there are numerous risks associated
with purchasing CNN, holding CNN, and using CNN for participation in
the CNN Platform.
1. Uncertain Regulations and Enforcement Actions
The regulatory status of CNN and distributed ledger technology is unclear or unsettled in many jurisdictions. It is impossible to predict how, when
or whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulations or create new
regulations with respect to such technology and its applications, including
CNN and/or the CNN Platform. Regulatory actions could negatively impact CNN and/or the CNN Platform in various ways. The Foundation (or
its affiliates) may cease operations in a jurisdiction in the event that regulatory actions, or changes to law or regulation, make it illegal to operate
in such jurisdiction, or commercially undesirable to obtain the necessary
regulatory approval(s) to operate in such jurisdiction.
After consulting with a wide range of legal advisors and continuous analysis of the development and legal structure of virtual currencies, the Foundation will apply a cautious approach towards the sale of CNN. Therefore,
for the crowdsale, the Foundation may constantly adjust the sale strategy
in order to avoid relevant legal risks as much as possible. For the crowdsale,
the Foundation is working with Tzedek Law LLC, a boutique corporate law
firm in Singapore with a good reputation in the blockchain space.
2. Competitors
It is possible that alternative networks could be established that utilise
the same or similar code and protocol underlying CNN and/or the CNN
Platform and attempt to re-create similar facilities. The CNN Platform
may be required to compete with these alternative networks, which could
negatively impact CNN and/or the CNN Platform.
3. Loss of Talent
The development of the CNN Platform depends on the continued cooperation of the existing technical team and expert consultants, who are

49

CHAPTER 10. RISKS

50

highly knowledgeable and experienced in their respective sectors. The loss
of any member may adversely affect the CNN Platform or its future development.
4. Failure to develop
There is the risk that the development of the CNN Platform will not
be executed or implemented as planned, for a variety of reasons, including
without limitation the event of a decline in the prices of any digital asset,
virtual currency or CNN, unforeseen technical difficulties, and shortage of
development funds for activities.
5. Security weaknesses
Hackers or other malicious groups or organisations may attempt to interfere with CNN and/or the CNN Platform in a variety of ways, including,
but not limited to, malware attacks, denial of service attacks, consensusbased attacks, Sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. Furthermore, there is
a risk that a third party or a member of the Foundation or its affiliates may
intentionally or unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure of CNN and/or the CNN Platform, which could negatively affect
CNN and/or the CNN Platform.
6. Other risks
In addition to the aforementioned risks, there are other risks (as more
particularly set out in the Terms and Conditions) associated with your purchase, holding and use of CNN, including those that the Foundation cannot
anticipate. Such risks may further materialise as unanticipated variations
or combinations of the aforementioned risks. You should conduct full due
diligence on the Foundation, its affiliates and the CNN team, as well as understand the overall framework and vision for the CNN Platform prior to
purchasing CNN.

Bibliography
[1] V. Buterin et al., “A next-generation smart contract and decentralized application platform,” https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/
White-Paper, 2014.
[2] F. Vogelsteller and V. Buterin, “Erc-20 token standard,” https://
theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/ERC20 Token Standard, 2017.
[3] S. Nakamoto, “Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer electronic cash system,” http:
//bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf, 2008.
[4] “Steem an incentivized, blockchain-based, public content platform,”
https://steem.io/SteemWhitePaper.pdf, 2017.
[5] “Primas next generation ecosystem for valuable conte,” https://primas.
io/pdf/primas-1.3.1-en.pdf, 2017.
[6] “Yoyow—a blockchain based content rewards network,” https://yoyow.
org/files/white-paper3 en.pdf, 2017.
[7] “Locality-sensitive
hashing,”
Locality-sensitive hashing, 2017.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/

[8] M.
Green,
“Zero
knowledge
proofs:
An
illustrated
primer,”
https://blog.cryptographyengineering.com/2014/11/27/
zero-knowledge-proofs-illustrated-primer/, 2014.
[9] L. P. Sergey Brin, “The anatomy of a large-scale hypertextual web
search engine,” urlhttp://infolab.stanford.edu/pub/papers/google.pdf,
1998.
[10] L. Page, “Method for node ranking in a linked database,”
https://courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse490t/15sp/docs/
US6285999.pdf, 1998.
[11] F. Schuh and D. Larimer, “Bitshares 2.0: General overview,” https:
//bravenewcoin.com/assets/Whitepapers/bitshares-general.pdf, 2017.

51

BIBLIOGRAPHY

52

[12] M. Castro, B. Liskov et al., “Practical byzantine fault tolerance,” http:
//pmg.csail.mit.edu/papers/osdi99.pdf, pp. 173–186, 1999.
[13] “On sharding blockchains,” https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/
Sharding-FAQ/.
[14] L. C. David Vorick, “Sia: Simple decentralized storage,” https://sia.
tech/whitepaper.pdf/, 2014.
[15] “Storj a peer-to-peer cloud storage network,” https://storj.io/storj.
pdf/, 2016.
[16] D. Irvine, “Maidsafe distributed file system,” http://docs.maidsafe.net/
Whitepapers/pdf/MaidSafeDistributedFileSystem.pdf/, 2010.
[17] J.
Benet,
“Ipfs-content
addressed,
versioned,
p2p
file
system,”
https://blog.acolyer.org/2015/10/05/
ipfs-content-addressed-versioned-p2p-file-system/, 2014.
[18] B. V. David L. Salamon, G. Simonsson, B. J. F. with Stephen F. Bell,
and S. W. Ph.D., “Orchid: Enabling decentralized network formation and probabilistic micro-payments,” https://orchidprotocol.com/
whitepaper.pdf, 2017.

