Cryptocurrency Trading Platform

offering the most complete infrastructure for
investors and traders

1

This document is not an offer of securities or a collective
investment scheme. Contributors are advised to read
this document carefully in full and perform due diligence
on their own. Please read terms and conditions before
making any investment decision.

COVESTING is led by a world-class team with
backgrounds in trading, investment banking,
blockchain, AI, data, and fintech (Saxo Bank, SEB
Bank, JP Morgan, Zurich Insurance and others)
with accumulated trading experience of over 100
years.

3

LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS,
RISKS AND DISCLAIMER
IMPORTANT NOTICE: PLEASE READ THE ENTIRETY OF THE “Legal Considerations,
Risks and Disclaimer” SECTION CAREFULLY. WE RECOMMEND YOU CONSULT
A LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S) OR EXPERTS
FOR FURTHER GUIDANCE PRIOR TO PARTICIPATING IN THE COVESTING LIMITED
TOKEN SALE OUTLINED IN THIS WHITE PAPER.
Please note that this is a summary of the legal considerations, risks and disclaimers
document which can be found https://covesting.io/summary_legal_disclaimer.pdf
and which you must read in full: (i) making use of this White Paper and any and all
information available on the website(s) of COVESTING LIMITED (the “Company”) and/or
(ii) participating in the Company’s token sale outlined in this White Paper (the “Token
Sale”). Any undefined capitalised terms below shall have the meaning set out in the
“Legal Considerations, Risks and Disclaimer” section. This summary should not be
relied on in place of reading the “Legal Considerations, Risks and Disclaimer” section in
full.
The “Legal Considerations, Risks and Disclaimer” section the full version of which can be
found at https://covesting.io/legal_disclaimer.pdf applies to this White Paper and any
and all information available on the Website. The contents of the “Legal Considerations,
Risks and Disclaimer” section outlines the terms and conditions applicable to you in
connection with (i) your use of this White Paper and of any and all information available
on the Website; and/or (ii) your participation in the Token Sale, in each case in addition
to any other terms and conditions that we may publish from time to time relating to this
White Paper, the Website and the Token Sale (such terms hereinafter referred to as the
“Terms”).
The information set forth in the “Legal Considerations, Risks and Disclaimer” section
may not be exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a contractual relationship.
While we make every reasonable effort to ensure that all information: (i) in this White
Paper; and (ii) available on the Website (all the information in the White Paper and
all information available on the Website hereinafter referred to as the “Available
Information”) is accurate and up to date, such material in no way constitutes professional
advice.
The Company does not recommend purchasing Tokens for speculative investment
purposes. Tokens do not entitle you to any equity, governance, voting or similar right
or entitlement in the Company or in any of its affiliated companies. Tokens are sold as
digital assets, similar to downloadable software, digital music and the like. The Company
does not recommend that you purchase Tokens unless you have prior experience with
4

cryptographic tokens, blockchain-based software and distributed ledger technology
and unless you have taken independent professional advice.
Citizens, nationals, residents (tax or otherwise) and/or green card holders of each of: (i)
the United States of America; (ii) Singapore; (iii) South Korea; (iv) the People’s Republic
of China; or (v) any other jurisdiction which prohibits the possession, dissemination
or communication of the Available Information and/or prohibits participation in the
Token Sale or the purchase of Tokens or any such similar activity or any other Restricted
Persons are not permitted to participate in the Token Sale.
In no event shall the Company or any current or former Company Representatives be
liable for the Excluded Liability Matters.
The Company does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any
representation, warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person,
including any representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy
and completeness of any of the information set out in the Available Information.
You should carefully consider and evaluate each of the risk factors and all other
information contained in the Terms before deciding to participate in the Token Sale.

5

6

Executive
summary
1.1 The Future of Cryptocurrency Investing
Over the past few years, cryptocurrencies proved
to be the fastest growing asset class and offered
phenomenal rewards for those who decided to
invest. Long term investors, as well as day traders,
benefit from the unique opportunities offered by
the most promising market we have ever seen.
However, investments into cryptocurrencies
require time, specific knowledge, analytical skills,
as well as professional tools to be successful. The
difficulty is the main reason why most people
simply miss tremendous opportunities offered
by a booming market.
This was the case until the COVESTING was
introduced.
1.2 COVESTING
COVESTING is not a collective investment
scheme. Rather it is a platform for investors
and cryptocurrency traders who are looking
to utilize the most advanced trading tools and
technology, as well as the combined wisdom
of the community in order achieve maximum
returns in cryptocurrency markets.
In its infancy, COVESTING has experienced rapid
changes and conceptual upgrades from the
moment when the first idea of a peer-2-peer
digital asset platform was disclosed by the
founder, former Saxo Bank trader, Dmitrij Pruglo.
Technological discoveries, as well as ambitious
7

scalability opportunities have arisen which
brought COVESTING to a completely new level.
By way of it’s unique platform which operates
differently to existing traditional investment
structures, like funds, COVESTING is about
to disrupt investment management industry
and become one of the leading players on the
cryptocurrency market by introducing the most
complete infrastructure for investors and traders
which includes:
•

COVESTING peer-2-peer Asset Platform – the
essence and core of the COVESTING infrastructure.
It implements a successful peer-2-peer business
model and disrupts the traditional investment
management industry. Investors can easily browse
through hundreds of trading Models (strategies),
provided by professional cryptocurrency traders
and in effect “follow” the ones matching their
goals. All members can get a clear picture of current
and past performances of each trading Model. By
following, the platform does not allocate monies
to anyone but rather implement the person own
decision whereby the platform automatically
replicates all trading activity of a chosen Model
directly into investors’ accounts at COVESTING,
providing a unique peer-2-peer experience along
with the safety of funds.

“It’s like a thousand of traders
all working for you!”

••

Crypto Intelligence Portal – the most complete
educational resource and knowledge base built
by traders for traders; featuring latest market
news, unique content created by leading crypto
experts aimed at educating the community,
sharing trading ideas and discussing latest
market developments.
It will include Crypto trading 101, explaining the
essentials of cryptocurrency investing, as well
as video tutorials to help new investors. For
experienced traders, advanced trading tutorials,
strategies, and technical analysis from industry
professionals will be included. The Crypto
Intelligence Portal will become the largest,
community-oriented and continuously growing
knowledge resource for investors, as well as a
one-stop place to receive the latest information
from top crypto-related media outlets, live
quotes, charts and latest analysis – everything
that you may need to become successful in
cryptocurrency trading.

“We are basically creating Bloomberg for
the crypto-market, plus education, plus
community”
••

Liquidity aggregation / Algorithmic trading–
We aim to establish direct API bridging with
cryptocurrency exchanges from all over the
world. By aggregating liquidity from top
cryptocurrency exchanges, COVESTING allows
all users to benefit from trades executing at the
best possible rates. Such offerings, previously
available only for institutional clients, provides
internal liquidity with significantly reduced
pricing on all trading activities occurring on the
COVESTING Platform. Aggregated liquidity offers
unlimited opportunities for further expansion:
1. Market making and deal matching
2. Options/Binary options market making
3. Algorithmic trading strategies (arbitrage, HFT
trading.)

••

8

The COVESTING Trading Terminal – An advanced
trading platform, adapted to the needs of traders
using various strategies ranging from day trading
and spread trading, to long term investments.
Experience brought from one of the leading
investment banks – Saxo Bank, the COVESTING
team has unique knowledge on how the ultimate
trading solution should operate. Aggregated
liquidity offers COVESTING members access to
top crypto-exchanges and trade all possible
coins from one single account. The Trading

Terminal creates unique opportunities for its
users, offering an aggregated Level 2 order book
from combined quotes of multiple vendors and
provides essential features such as:
1. Advanced charting software
2. Aggregated market depth with combined
liquidity from top exchanges
3. User friendly interface with advanced
functionality
4. Advanced trading tools and algorithms such
as VWAP and Iceberg orders
5. 24/7 customer support/Live chat

1.3 Summary
Backed by a strong team of industry
professionals, COVESTING is on a clear path
to become an ultimate solution for investors
and cryptocurrency traders. It will cover every
aspect related to cryptocurrency trading, from
education, market overview and trading ideas to
the unique concept of p2p asset trading, liquidity
aggregation and ultimately the most advanced
trading station ever.
1.4 ICO Overview
Start Date

24th November 2017, 13:00 GMT

End Date

31st of December, 15:00 GMT

Token Name

COV

Minimum Contribution

0.1 ETH

Price of COV Token

Varies based on amount collected

Total limit of COV Tokens

20,000,000 COV

Further Token Issuance

No tokens to be issued after the ICO

Hard cap

25,000 ETH

Intro
2.1 Market Analysis

With the enormous development of the
blockchain technology, new opportunities are
arising in the field of investing. Crypto markets
are borderless, open 24/7, and offer huge
potential for growth. A rapidly growing number
of initial coin offerings (ICO) has led to more than

2,000 new cryptocurrencies being created and
traded on daily basis, leading to high returns for
many investors.
In order to fully realize market potential, here is
the market capitalization of the top technology
based companies listed on the Nasdaq and
NYSE, compared to the market capitalization of
cryptocurrencies:

Alphabet – $717B USD

Total Crypto Market - $200B USD

Microsoft – $645B USD

Bitcoin - $105B USD

Facebook – $516B USD

Ethereum - $30B USD

Alibaba Group – $480B USD

Ripple - $8B USD

The combined market capitalization of all
cryptocurrencies together is currently only
around $200B USD, which leaves lots of room to
expand. The overall cryptocurrency transaction

volume has grown significantly in the past few
years for the speculative purposes of gaining
capital profit or by supporting projects that are
built on decentralized platforms.

Market Cap

$200B
$150B
$100B
$50B

24h Vol

$0

0

Combined market capitalization of all cryptocurrencies. Coinmarketcap
9

There is no cryptocurrency in the world today
that is being used for the reason it was made for
more than it is being used by investors trading
it. Even Bitcoin, Ethereum and Ripple have
more transactions centred around trading and
investing than they do the actual use case of the
project or currency.
During the first half of 2017, transactions
surpassed the $325B USD mark, despite

“financial experts” once deeming blockchain and
cryptocurrency a “niche market”. This increase in
transaction volume is mainly driven by Bitcoin
and Ethereum. Bitcoin and Ethereum are both
inching closer to creating a scalable ecosystem,
interesting things are bound to happen in the
future. According to Juniper research, total
cryptocurrency transaction value may surpass
$1 Trillion USD by 2022.

Triple digit growth, amazing risk-reward ratios, and promising
global perspectives are only a few reasons why cryptocurrencies
shouldn’t be overlooked by any investor willing to diversify their
portfolio and profit from opportunities offered by a booming
market.
2.2 Investor Opportunities
After someone decides they may be ready to
invest in digital assets, there is a sticking point:
cryptocurrency trading takes place on multiple
exchanges, all of which have different rules
and regulations, and often require a lengthy
verification process. Most potential Investors are
lost at this stage. Another problem is volatility,
which can negatively affect the overall trading
result of any inexperienced private investor.
The learning curve for investing in crypto assets
is extremely steep and experienced digital
asset traders are in the best position to fully
benefit from arising opportunities offered in the
blockchain revolution.
Investors may evaluate options of trusting
money to a private crypto trader or a fund, in
order to gain profit in newly established markets.
Such decisions can be very risky due to lack of
regulations and the high possibility of fraud.

10

Only several digital asset funds have gained the
reputation necessary for backing, while private
crypto traders and newly established funds tend
to look for investors in online forums, social
networks or amongst their friends.
It takes many years of effort to build trust and
reputation in order to attract proper funding. As a
result, many successful traders and digital asset
traders are being overlooked and end up having
no access to investors capital, limiting their
opportunities and narrowing earnings potential.
Professional digital asset managers or funds
could be a smart solution for anyone, willing to
get exposure in the cryptocurrency market. But
how will retail investors find and choose the
most suitable cryptocurrency fund? How will
they guarantee the security of their investment?
Is the declared performance of a chosen asset
trader trustworthy?

2.3 Trader Problems

2.4 Problems with Traditional Asset
Management

Problems that digital asset traders must deal
with are equally challenging. Launching a
personal fund requires technical knowledge,
programming skills, legal paperwork as well as
marketing costs and other expenses.

The Traditional asset management industry has
been plagued with multiple issues including
scams and corruptions since its inception.
Unethical and illegal manipulations by asset
managers with a large sum of money at their

disposal, Ponzi schemes, and sweeping
techniques are some of the common allegations
faced by the industry. The industry has
developed deep-rooted problems including
mutual mistrust, unethical practices, scamming,
and below-the-surface deals.
Trusting even professional asset managers
in traditional markets can sometimes lead to
problematic results. Stories of asset managers
making certain trades just to increase their

11

commission and drive up the fees to their
investors are just the beginning when it comes to
the level of dishonest activity when it comes to
investing other’s money. Every year, thousands
of licensed traders are found guilty of insider
trading, fraud, or scamming hard-working
investors.

P2P Digital
Asset Platform
The COVESTING Platform is the ultimate venue
where successful digital asset traders meet new
investors, in a transparent, safe and efficient
peer-2-peer investment environment.
Investors from around the world can compare
the performance of hundreds of successful
cryptocurrency traders and mirror their trades
automatically to their account. While traders
benefit from success fees generated by profitable
trading – investors enjoy peace of mind knowing
that their funds are following a model of an
industry professional in the comfort of their own
account.
By pairing the peer-2-peer business model
and the cryptocurrency investment industry,
COVESTING offers a fantastic opportunity to
utilize the wisdom of experienced traders in
order to achieve positive trading results securely.
3.1 Peer-2-Peer Definition
A Peer-to-Peer, or P2P, Service itself is a decentralized
platform whereby two individuals interact directly
with each other, without intermediation by a thirdparty, or without the use of a business selling a
product or service. The buyer and the seller transact
directly with each other via the P2P service.
Some popular examples of P2P services are:
••

12

Open-source Software – anybody can view and/
or modify code for the software

••
••
••
••
••

BitTorrent – a popular anonymous file-sharing
platform where uploaders and downloaders
meet to swap media and software files.
Air BnB – allows property owners to lease all or
part of their property to short-term renters.
Uber – a platform for car owners to offer
transportation services to others
eBay – a marketplace for private sellers of goods
to find interested buyers.
Etsy – enables producers of crafts and other
homemade goods to sell their items directly to
the public

3.2 For Investors
The COVESTING platform allows everyday
investors to search and compare the performance
of hundreds of proven cryptocurrency traders
and replicate their trading activity automatically.
After an investor decides to follow to the most
suitable strategy - the system will automatically
synchronize all trading activity from the chosen
investing Model into their segregated account at
COVESTING, providing the convenience of peer2-peer asset trading along with the safety of
funds.
Each investor can diversify their investments
by following up to 20 different Models (traders)
at the same time. Such diversification allows
investors to be uniquely positioned to record
gains across multiple crypto trading strategies
and protect themselves against massive losses

in any single cryptocurrency. More importantly,
investors are in total control - they can start or
finish the following whenever they want.

investors. All participants can choose to publish
their real names or remain anonymous by using
a screen-name alias.

3.3 For Traders

3.4 Profit Distribution

The COVESTING platform helps investing talents
bring their trading results in front of the public
and compete with other traders in an unbiased
environment. With the COVESTING platform,
every trader can act as a digital asset trader and
grow their revenue by earning success fees. The
more successful they are, the more followers
they will acquire and the more money they’ll
make from profitable trading.

Model Traders are rewarded with 18% success
fees from all profits generated by their followers,
the platform commission is 10%, while investors
receive the remaining 72% of income, which
is available for immediate withdrawal or
reinvesting.
Platform commissions of 10% will later be used
for systematic buyback and burn programs.

Trading Models can be easily created by linking
an existing trading account at an external
cryptocurrency exchange through an API. From
this moment, all trading activity will be recorded
in the Model and the trader doesn’t need to
do anything else – just continue trading in the
comfort of his personal account.
Later, the trader will be able to decide whether
he wants to “list” his Model at the COVESTING
platform and make it visible for investors instantly
or keep it private for a while to build a solid track
record first.
The COVESTING Platform will provide such
opportunities to cryptocurrency traders:
••
••
••
••
••
••
••
••

Setup a trading Model and start performance
tracking from day one
Describe the trading strategy, expected volatility
and returns
Enable investors to follow your trading Model
through your performance
Earn success fees on all profits made by Modelfollowing accounts
Build a solid track record to acquire more
followers
Earn reputation and get reviews from previous
and existing investors
Interact in a safe environment, make new
contacts, and grow professionally as a trader
Keep a blog, post news, trading ideas and market
analysis

For security reasons, Model Traders will never
know the amount of capital which is currently
following their strategy, only the number of
13

3.5 Synergy
With the features described above, the COVESTING
Platform creates a synergized marketplace that
brings investors, and professional cryptocurrency
traders together.
All parties benefit from the COVESTING platform:
cryptocurrency traders get visibility to new
audiences and sources of additional income,
while investors get a broad range of trading
strategies they may follow with the ability to
analyze historical performance in order to make
the right decision. Our goal is to create an easyto-use platform with a win-win solution for both
investors and professional traders
3.6 COVESTING in Four Simple Steps
1. Join. Register at COVESTING by filling a simple
form.
2. Find top traders. Compare the performance
of hundreds of successful Model Traders and find
the one or many matching your goals.
3. Follow. Once you found the strategy or
strategies you wish to follow, simply click
“Follow”. You will be asked to specify the
percentage of the funds you want to allocate to
the Model. The amounts for the replicated trades
will be calculated proportionally.
4. Monitor and control. You can now sit back
and watch professional traders do the job for
you. All trades from now on will be replicated
automatically. Most importantly – you are in
control. You can manage your portfolio by
following new strategies or stop copying a trader
at any time.

3.7 Platform specifications
At COVESTING we aim to develop an easy to use,
secure and efficient solution for both investors
and traders. COVESTING will deliver the most
user-friendly, yet advanced peer-2-peer digital
asset platform. Below, we provide concept
specifications of the platform as well as a brief
explanation of the core features.
Registration
All users must be registered on the platform to carry out
any activities. Registration is a standard process through
email, or through Facebook, Google, and Twitter.
COVESTING Account and Wallet
All users of the platform will have their own unique
wallet created automatically. After registration
with COVESTING platform, each user shall have
BTC, ETH and other addresses in their Wallet. By
depositing any of these coins, it is possible to
make internal exchanges from one currency to
another. However, only COV token can be used
for following a trading strategy.
Entry fee
There is a 2% entry fee that applies every
time user deposits funds to his account. This
commission accrues to the COV Asset Contract
increasing the value backing COV tokens.
Model Traders
A Model Trader is a user who created a trading
Model (strategy) in COVESTING platform. From
that moment, tracking of all trading activity starts
and the Model becomes available for following.
Investors
The investor is a user who is following a chosen
Model in order to benefit from the profitable
trading of a Model Trader. Each investor can
follow up to 20 different trading strategies.
Marketplace
The platform allows users to search, rank, filter
and compare all of the available trading Models.
Following to a Model
When an investor finds a suitable strategy and
starts following – all trading actions of a Model
will be replicated in their personal COVESTING
14

account with a proportional amount of funds,
predefined by the investor.
Segregated Accounts
To provide security and peace of mind to all
investors – we offer secure personal accounts for
each user within the COVESTING Platform. None
of the funds go directly to Model Trader, which
avoids trust and security issues.
Unfollowing the Model
At the point when an Investor unfollows a trading
Model – funds are immediately returned to their
wallet minus success fees and commission in
case of any profit they earned.
Each user can stop following to a trading Model
whenever they like. The only occasion when
following stops automatically is when a Model
Trader decides to terminate it. Funds would
then be returned to all of the followers of the
terminated Model.
Profit Sharing
In case a trading Model resulted in profits for the
investor-follower, income distribution will look
like this:
Success Fee - 18% of all profits will be transferred
to the Model Trader’s wallet
Platform Commission - 10% of all profits and will
be automatically credited to COV Asset Contract
The remaining 72% shall be credited to the
investors wallet along with the initial investment.
Anonymous Mode
All users of COVESTING platform can choose to
publish their real names or remain anonymous by
using a screen-name alias. However, we believe
that providing real names can be beneficial,
especially for successful Model Traders.
Users Privacy
No personal user data is available to other users
or moderators working on the platform. This list
includes but is not limited to: emails, wallet IDs,
or funds available to users, as well as direct links
to accounts in social networks, even if they are
specified in the user’s form. All users can remain
completely anonymous.

Speed of Execution
At the initial launch, we will offer only manuallytraded Models. As soon as our API becomes
“bullet-proof” tested – we shall launch algorithmtrading strategies as well.

•

•

By implementing smart contracts and technology,
we will automate the digital asset trading
processes, bypass trust and insecurity issues
while making investments transparent, simple
and secure as they are supposed to be.
3.8 Architecture

•

The COVESTING digital asset platform
infrastructure includes four main elements:
•

The Investors account section, which provides
multi-currency wallets, portfolio overview and
statistics.

The Marketplace of trading Models, where each
investor can search and compare all the strategies
provided by Model Traders. From here, investors
select the most suitable trading Models and can
start following.
Traders Dashboard, which allows traders to create
a Trading Model (strategy) available for following.
It includes a trading strategy description as well
as detailed information about TOP holdings. It
also tracks performance by day, month and year,
and features a snapshot of trading statistics. The
dashboard represents detailed trading history
and allows you to export various reports.
The COVESTING trading accounts section is used
for replicating trading activity from the Models.
COVESTING will use API connections, smart
contracts, and aggregated liquidity to execute
and mirror trades, distribute requested funds and
provide detailed performance data to users.

The Marketplace of trading Models

15

Traders Dashboard
16

Investor
Asset Trader
10:30 AM

100%

Account at Covesting
Barren Waffet fund

Account at Covesting
Wallet
BTC
ETH
COV

-Portfolio
-Statistics
-Control panel

4.6 /5

Our fund is one of the best
in the industry. we provide
amazing returns as well as
capital growth

Barren Waffet fund
4.2 /5

and other

Our fund is one of the best
in the industry. we provide
amazing returns as well as
capital growth

Barren Waffet fund

Existing
(COV)
Purchase
with ETH or
BTC

4.6 /5

- Strategy builder
- Model setup
- Listing on Marketplace

Our fund is one of the best
in the industry. we provide
amazing returns as well as
capital growth

TradingModel:
Altcoin growth
strategy

Covesting
Token

2% Entry
Following started
with predifined amount
COV Asset contract
-accrues all fees
-backs COV Token value
-rewards token holders

Replicating all
trading activity

Investors personal account in
Covesting
10% from Profits
Platform
commission

Initial
investment

+
Investor

72% from
Profits

Following stopped

Profit

Success
fee 18%
Trader

Architecture of COVESTING Peer-2-Peer asset platform
17

Wallet
BTC
ETH
COV

Crypto
Intelligence
At COVESTING, we aim to produce a one-stop
solution for cryptocurrency traders and investors.
Since the infrastructure of COVESTING is being
built by investment industry professionals importance of timely market data has not been
overlooked.
Apart from a one of a kind peer-2-peer digital
asset platform, we aim to introduce the largest
resource for education, news, trade ideas and
market analysis about the cryptocurrency
market. We call it – Crypto Intelligence.
COVESTING strongly believes in the importance
of education when it comes to cryptocurrency.
There is a lot to learn when it comes to the
technology, and it changes at a pace that many
cannot keep up with. We believe it is partly our
responsibility to educate our users, as we are
offering them a vehicle to invest their hardearned money. While investing in cryptocurrency
is always a risky endeavour, there are certainly
plenty of rewards to be gained as well, and
that’s why we believe offering a large portal for
our users to grow their knowledge of the cryptoindustry is very important.
We seek to share the knowledge and best
practices with our community. Leading cryptoexperts, researchers and traders will contribute

18

to the Crypto Intelligence hub, giving COVESTING
a unique ever-growing knowledge base, suitable
for both beginners as well as professional traders.
The Crypto Intelligence Portal will essentially
include:
••
••
••
••
••
••
••

An integrated news feed from multiple
resources
Blog posts and articles from reputable
cryptocurrency traders and analysts
Trade ideas with technical analysis and strategies
from professional traders
A crypto academy, which offers education, 101
and video tutorials explaining the A to Z about
cryptocurrency and trading
The most complete glossary for crypto
terminology
A link library, the most comprehensive collection
of important cryptocurrency links and resources
Community, where investors and traders
can interact and discuss the latest market
developments and trading ideas

Ultimately, the Crypto Intelligence Portal will
become a “Bloomberg” for crypto with education
and a community-built knowledge base. The
one-stop venue for everything that cryptotraders need in order to build their knowledge
and stay informed.

Liquidity
Aggregation
Liquidity is defined as the ability to execute a
trade quickly and at a desirable price.
For such markets as FX or equity – liquidity
is not a problem anymore. However, for the
newly established cryptocurrency market it still
remains a major issue.
Liquidity aggregation provides unique benefits
such as:
••

••
••
••

19

Having ALL cryptocurrencies available on one
platform (No longer a need to open a Bitfinex +
Binance + Bittrex account because there are some
crypto-assets trading on one of these exchanges
but not listed on the other).
Always the best prices for execution – since the
aggregator will pick the best asset price from
multiple exchanges and execute accordingly.
Combined liquidity offers less slippage, thinner
spreads and ability to execute larger trades at
once.
Improved latency and reduced execution costs

••

Quotes from multiple exchanges provide the
ability to develop algorithmic trading strategies
such as cross-exchange arbitrage, and HFT
trading, allowing investors to follow to such
algorithmic strategies.

By aggregating liquidity from the leading
exchanges – COVESTING creates a huge
opportunity for market making, hedging
and offering an aggregated order book from
combined quotes of multiple exchanges.
There is currently no centralized exchange and
cryptocurrency market development is still in
its infancy– there are huge inefficiencies which
provide ample opportunities for arbitrage and
HFT. Such liquidity provides great opportunities
to establish new products such as Vanilla options
or Binary options as well as other derivatives in
the future.

Covesting
Trading Terminal
The Trading Terminal is a natural addition to
the complete COVESTING infrastructure. Having
aggregated liquidity and a strong educated
community, it becomes a necessity to introduce
a trading terminal adapted for both experienced
crypto-traders and beginners.
Currently, there is no fully-functional platform
offering aggregated liquidity for retail investors,
allowing them to execute trades based on
quotes from multiple exchanges. Also, there are
very little advanced trading tools offered, such
as algorithmic bots, VWAP, ICEBERG and direct
Level2 trading.
With the COVESTING Trading Terminal each
trader can:

20

••

Trade the widest selection of cryptocurrencies

••

Access quotes from top exchanges through a
single account (combined market depth)

••

Benefit from quick and responsive execution,
tight spreads and a deep order book

••

Access to all necessary information about crypto

••

Access to the most advanced charting software

••

Access to market sentiment, data and analysis –
similar to COT on futures

••

Earn success fees apart from trading profits by
allowing investors to copy trades, through the
p2p asset platform.

••

Build a full-scale trading career within one single
platform

••

Generate detailed financial reports which will be
aligned with regulations

Covesting
Trading Token
The COVESTING token is an ERC20 token and a
smart contract system built on the Ethereum
blockchain, and designed to be used by members
within the COVESTING platform. Following
this standard, COVESTING tokens are easily
transferable between users and platforms using
ERC20-compatible wallets and can be smoothly
integrated into exchanges.

13%
7%
5%

21

7.1 COV Emission
A maximum of 20.000.000 COVESTING tokens will
be generated, including 1.500.000 to conduct
a PreICO, and 15.000.000 to conduct a full ICO.
Another 2.500.000 will be shared between the
founders of the COVESTING platform and locked
in a smart contract for 3 months, while the rest
will be generated for advisory, bounty and PR
pools.

Public Contributors

75%

Covesting Team
pre-Contributors
PR, Bounty Advisors

7.2 COV Token Growth
Members buy COV tokens as a utility in order to
follow one or several trading Models, provided by
the cryptocurrency traders on the platform. In the
case when model following resulted in a profit
– investor will get an initial amount allocated
plus all profit converted into COV, so value of his
holdings in COV will increase. Demand for COV
correlates with the copy-trading volume at the
COVESTING platform. The more investors and
traders on the platform, the higher the value of
COV Token rises.
The acquisition of a large number of participants
on the COVESTING platform (Investors and
Model Traders) is the basis for the growth of the
COVESTING token. At the initial launch of the
COVESTING platform, we will aim to onboard

22

dozens of professional traders, so even early users
of the platform would have the ability to choose
between many suitable trading strategies. As
the platform grows, new traders will register
their Models and a variety of strategies will drive
diversification, and create healthy competition
among all Model Traders.
Successful mirror-trading in the platform will
achieve many positive outcomes: investors will
make a profit, Model Traders will be rewarded with
success fees as well as reputation points, positive
reviews, and higher rankings. Successful trading
will attract more investors to the ecosystem
and positively influence the reputation of the
COVESTING platform and the price of the COV
Token.

Financials
Besides natural demand for COV, there are two
types of commission in the COVESTING p2p
platform used to back COV value and reward COV
token holders:
••
••

Entry commission 2% - charged every time an
investor deposits funds to their account, which
allows them start following to trading Models.
10% platform commission - on all profits
realized by copy trading.

These fees will automatically accrue in the COV
Asset contract and will be used for systematic
buyback and burn programs in the future.
COVESTING intends to add additional recurring
revenue streams within the next 8-12 months,
including liquidity distribution to institutional
clients, commissions occurring from the
COVESTING Trading Terminal, Binary options
sale, and market making.
8.1 Asset Contract
The COV Asset Contract is an essential part of how
the value will be created for COV token holders.
With all commissions from the combined
infrastructure of COVESTING accrued in the Asset
Contract, it creates a sufficient pool of funds to

23

support the consistent growth in value of COV
tokens. As soon as the COVESTING platform starts
performing – we aim to distribute part of the
accrued commissions in the COV Asset Contract
towards Buy-back and Burn mechanism.
8.4 Rewarding Token Holders
We aim to allocate at least 50% of all platform
earnings to systematic Buyback and Burn programs.
This form of repayment program sets best practices
for the COV token economy, and simultaneously
serves in the best interest of COVESING token
holders. Technically speaking, we will systematically
buy COV tokens on exchanges and “Burn” them.
“Burning” means that purchased tokens will be
taken off the market, with the consequence that
the total supply of COV tokens will decrease. This
should effectively improve the value of COV over
time. We will continuously monitor the regulatory
environment closely and possibly introduce
alternative methods of value distribution according
to market guidelines.

ICO
9.1 ICO Details
The public ICO will be held on the Covesting.io
website starting on November 24th.
COVESTING aims to accept up to 25,000 ETH from
our initial token contributors. The COV smart

TOTAL COV SOLD

contract will stop accepting commitments when
the 25,000 hard cap has been reached.
Below is a table representing each COV price
increase depending on total amount of COV
tokens sold during ICO.

COV PER 1 ETH RATE / discount

[stage1]0 - 1M COV

1 ETH = 800 COV / -35%

[stage 2]1M - 1.9M COV

1 ETH = 720 COV / -28%

[stage 3]1.9M - 3.6M COV

1 ETH = 680 COV / -23%

[stage 4]3.6M - 6.8M COV

1 ETH = 640 COV / -19%

[stage 5]6.8M - 9.8M COV

1 ETH = 600 COV / -13%

[stage 6]9.8M - 15M COV

1 ETH = 520 COV

Total: 15,000,000 COV
9.2 Use of funds
All proceeds from the token sale will fund
the product launch, continued platform
development, and user acquisition:
••

••

24

40% R&D. Development team with approximately
15-20 engineers. Platform development, new
features, data-testing for HFT operations, mobile
app development etc.
25% – Marketing expenses, PR and Customer
Acquisition, presentations and region-specific

••

••

roadshows. Digital currency trading exhibitions
participations etc. There are natural network
effects built into the product around the P2P
asset trading model, which will lower the average
customer acquisition cost (CAC) substantially.
30% Initial Capex. Substantial costs largely
associated with b2b API integration from
multiple partners-exchanges. Costs of necessary
Licensing. Latency optimization. Operational
spends, employees (excl. developers), office etc.
5% Legal, compliance fees

9.1 Exchange Listing
COVESTING is actively working to list COV tokens
at the leading crypto exchanges. COV will become
traded on crypto exchanges shortly after the ICO.

☑☑

9.2 Legal

☑☑

In July, the Securities and Exchange Commission
issued a ruling that some of the “coins” offered
during recent ICOs are actually securities, and
thereby are subject to the agency’s regulations.
By offering dividends and profit-sharing such
companies failed the Howey Test, created by
the US Supreme Court for determining whether
certain transactions qualify as “investment
contracts.”

☑☑

The Howey test consists of the following:
••
••
••
••

Is it an investment of money or assets?
Is the investment of money or assets in a common
enterprise?
Is there an expectation of profits from the
investment?
Does any profit come from the efforts of a
promoter or third party?

Unlike other tokens, COV COV is a utility token
and its purpose is to facilitate services (copytrading) on the COVESTING platform. COV is not
backed by real assets (such as real estate) and
doesn’t grant their holders any dividends.
As Tim Draper mentioned in his open letter: “If the
purpose of a token is for societal transformation,
and all proceeds go to the support and
development of the token, it need not register.”
9.3 Road Map
By continuously adding features, building
a strong community and aggregating data,
COVESTING is about to become a leading
blockchain based peer-2-peer asset trading
platform for cryptocurrencies.
☑☑ 2017 Q1 – Concept design & research
☑☑ 2017 April – Analysis of traditional copytrading platforms for stocks and foreign
exchange. Features testing. Demand
research. Growth projections.
☑☑ 2017 May – Team formation. First steps
25

☑☑
☑☑
☑☑

☑☑
☑☑
☑☑
☑☑
☑☑
☑☑
☑☑

in development of architecture of the
COVESTING platform.
2017 July – Held a meet-up with 60+ private
crypto currency traders and investors. Clearly
visible demand for a p2p asset platform with
mirror-trading functionality.
2017 September – Landing page and white
paper disclosed.
2017 October 20th – Pre-ICO begins for a
limited number of contributors.
The proceeds used for adding new
development team members. CEO and COO
travel to Gibraltar to setup a COVESTING
company and acquire necessary licensing
2017 November 24th – Prototype version
of the platform released. Crypto Intelligence
portal is open for community
2017 November 24th -- Public ICO begins
2017 December – further front-end and backend development. API testing. Test mirrortrades executed. Latency test. Liquidity
aggregator setup. New features integration.
2018 January - Exchange listing of COV Token.
2018 March – Beta version launch.
2018 May – Platform improvements. Mobile
App development.
2018 July – Final (Production) Beta version
of COVESTING Cryptocurrency Trading
Platform.
2018 July – DLT license
2018 September – Official platform release
2019 and beyond – COVESTING platform
has over 5,000 active users and $50M USD+
of combined AUM. Algorithmic trading and
arbitrage bots are now available on the
platform. New features continuously added.
User acquisition globally.

Team
My name is Dmitrij Pruglo and I’m a founder
and ideologist of the COVESTING project. I have
been working in the financial sector for 11 years
and held trading-related positions in SEB Bank
and Saxo Bank. I have been involved in stocks,
derivatives and FX trading since 2001. During
this time, I executed trades using various webplatforms, trading software and algorithms.
Being an expert in the online trading industry, I
can surely state that digital asset trading services
will shortly become a “must-have” option for any
diversified investor.

I have assembled a team with a solid financial
markets background, which is motivated to make
the world of digital currency investments better.
Together, we will create a magnificent platform,
which will help many investors and traders find
each other and mutually benefit from everything
that the COVESTING platform has to offer.

Conclusion
••

••

••
••

26

We are already in development mode, and in
November 2017 we will release a MVP version
of the platform where anyone can familiarize
themselves with the interface and features.
We are in active communication with
cryptocurrency funds and private traders in order
to form an initial pool of professional Model
Traders.
We have a solid marketing strategy which will
ensure a successful launch of the platform in Q1
2018.
We know exactly what is needed for both
investors and traders. We will create synergy and

••
••

••

a mutually beneficial investment environment.
We provide simple logic behind the value creation
for the COV token. It’s easy to understand and
evaluate its future growth.
Unlike many ICO campaigns, we are not just
creating another useless cryptocurrency in an
already crowded market. We provide the ability
to become a member of the successful platform
and benefit from the token price growth.
We have an excellent, competitive team creating
a revolutionary product and will cope with any
difficulties down the road.

Disclaimer
This document is for information purposes only and is not an offer or a call to sell stocks
or securities.

COV tokens are not securities
User acknowledges, understands, and agrees that COV tokens are not securities and are
not registered with any government entity as a security, and shall not be considered as
such.

Absence of guarantees of income or profit
There is no guarantee that COV tokens will grow in value. There are no guarantees that
the price of COV coins will not decrease, including significantly, due to some unforeseen
events, or events over which the developers have no control, or because of force majeure
circumstances.

Risks associated with Ethereum
COV tokens will be issued on the Ethereum blockchain. Therefore, any failure or
malfunctioning of the Ethereum protocol may lead to the trading network of COV tokens
not working as expected.

Regulatory uncertainty
Blockchain technologies are subject to supervision and control by various regulatory
bodies around the world. COV tokens may fall under one or more requests or actions on
their part, including but not limited to restrictions imposed on the use or possession of
digital tokens such as COV coins, which may slow or limit the functionality or repurchase
of COV tokens in the future.

Risks of using new technologies
COV tokens are a new and relatively untested technology. In addition to the risks
mentioned in this document, there are certain additional risks that the team of the
COVESTING cannot foresee. These risks may manifest themselves in other forms of risk
than those specified herein.

27

LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS,
RISKS AND DISCLAIMER
IMPORTANT NOTICE: PLEASE READ THE ENTIRETY OF THIS “Legal Considerations,
Risks and Disclaimer” SECTION CAREFULLY. WE RECOMMEND YOU CONSULT
A LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S) OR EXPERTS
FOR FURTHER GUIDANCE PRIOR TO PARTICIPATING IN THE COVESTING LIMITED
TOKEN SALE OUTLINED IN THIS WHITE PAPER.
You must read the following “Legal
Considerations, Risks and Disclaimer” section
before: (i) making use of this White Paper and any
and all information available on the website(s) of
COVESTING LIMITED (the “Company”) located
at www.covesting.io/ (the “Website”); and/or
(ii) participating in the Company’s token sale
outlined in this White Paper (the “Token Sale”).
This “Legal Considerations, Risks and Disclaimer”
section applies to this White Paper and any and
all information available on the Website. The
contents of this “Legal Considerations, Risks
and Disclaimer” section outlines the terms and
conditions applicable to you in connection with
(i) your use of this White Paper and of any and all
information available on the Website; and/or (ii)
your participation in the Token Sale, in each case
in addition to any other terms and conditions
that we may publish from time to time relating
to this White Paper, the Website and the Token
Sale (such terms hereinafter referred to as the
“Terms”). This “Legal Considerations, Risks and
Disclaimer” section may be updated from time
to time and will be published as part of the
latest version of the White Paper which shall be
available on the Website. You shall be obliged to
check the latest available version of the White
Paper prior to participating in the Token Sale.
The information set forth in this “Legal
Considerations, Risks and Disclaimer” section
may not be exhaustive and does not imply any
elements of a contractual relationship. While
we make every reasonable effort to ensure that
all information: (i) in this White Paper; and (ii)
available on the Website (all the information in
the White Paper and all information available
on the Website hereinafter referred to as the
28

“Available Information”) is accurate and up
to date, such material in no way constitutes
professional advice. The Company neither
guarantees nor accepts responsibility for the
accuracy, reliability, current state (as of this
White Paper) or completeness of the Available
Information. Individuals intending to participate
in the Token Sale should seek independent
professional advice prior to acting on any of the
Available Information.
LEGAL CONSIDERTIONS
The Company has approached the Token Sale
in a responsible and sensible manner. Given
the uncertain and largely unregulated status
of distributed ledger technologies, businesses
and activities as well as cryptocurrencies and
cryptocurrency-related businesses and activities,
the Company has spent a significant amount
of time and resources to consider its business
approach and where it proposes to operate now
and in the future. The Company has worked
with Hassans International Law Firm, Gibraltar’s
leading law firm. The Gibraltar Financial Services
Commission has on 12th October 2017 published
a draft of the principled-based regulations which
relate to the use of distributed ledger technology
for storing and transmitting value belonging to
others, and which regulations come into effect
on 1st January 2018. The Company will look
to comply with all Gibraltar regulations and
regulations of other jurisdictions that it is required
to. However, due to the current uncertain state of
regulation across the world, the Company cannot
guarantee the legality of the Company’s business
platform and/or its ability to develop, structure
and licence any future Token functionality in

every jurisdiction but the Company will strive to
be responsive and compliant in the face of any
regulatory inquiry.
The Tokens are functional utility tokens designed
for the Company’s business platform. The
Tokens are not securities. In the event that you
purchase Tokens, your purchase cannot be
refunded or exchanged. The Company does not
recommend purchasing Tokens for speculative
investment purposes. Tokens do not entitle you
to any equity, governance, voting or similar right
or entitlement in the Company or in any of its
affiliated companies. Tokens are sold as digital
assets, similar to downloadable software, digital
music and the like. The Company does not
recommend that you purchase Tokens unless you
have prior experience with cryptographic tokens,
blockchain-based software and distributed
ledger technology and unless you have taken
independent professional advice.
For the convenience of our customers and those
of our affiliated companies already using the
Company’s business platform, the Available
Information will be available in a number of
languages. In the event of any conflict between
the English version of the Available Information
and any foreign language version, the English
language version will prevail.
REGIONAL RESTRICTIONS
Citizens, nationals, residents (tax or otherwise)
and/or green card holders of each of: (i) the United
States of America; (ii) Singapore; (iii) South Korea;
(iv) the People’s Republic of China; or (v) any
other jurisdiction which prohibits the possession,
dissemination or communication of the Available
Information and/or prohibits participation in the
Token Sale or the purchase of Tokens or any
such similar activity (collectively the “Restricted
Jurisdictions”) or any other Restricted Persons
are not permitted to participate in the Token Sale.
The term “Restricted Persons” refers to any firm,
company, partnership, trust, corporation, entity,
government, state or agency of a state or any
other incorporated or unincorporated body or
association, association or partnership (whether
or not having separate legal personality) that is
established and/or lawfully existing under the
29

laws of a Restricted Jurisdiction (including in
the case of United States of America, under the
federal laws of the United States of America or
under the laws of any of its States).
The Company’s COV tokens described in this
White Paper (the “Tokens”) are not intended to
constitute, and shall not constitute, securities
in any jurisdiction. This White Paper does not
constitute a prospectus or offer document of any
sort and the Available Information is not intended
to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation
for investment in securities in any jurisdiction.
The Company does not provide any opinion or
any advice to purchase, sell, or otherwise transact
with Tokens and the presentation, publication or
communication of all or any part of the Available
Information shall not form the basis of, or be
relied upon in connection with, any contract or
investment decision.
NO ADVICE
No part of the Available Information should be
considered to be business, legal, financial or tax
advice regarding the Company, the Tokens, the
Token Sale or any of the matters to which all or
any part of the Available Information relates.
You should consult your own legal, financial,
tax or other professional advisor regarding the
Available Information. You should be aware that
you may be required to bear the financial risk of
any purchase of Tokens for an indefinite period
of time.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In no event shall the Company or any current or
former employees, officers, directors, partners,
trustees, representative, agents, advisors,
contractors, or volunteers of the Company
(hereinafter the “Company Representatives”) be
liable for:
1. any loss of profits, lost savings or incidental,
indirect, special or consequential damages,
arising out of your use or inability to use the
services or products or Tokens offered by the
Company or the breach of any of these Terms
by you or by any third party;
2. any security risk such as hacker attacks, loss

3.
4.

5.

6.
7.

of password, loss of private key, or similar;
mistakes or errors in code, text, or images
involved in the Token Sale or in any of the
Available Information; or
any information contained in the Available
Information or any expectation promise
representation or warranty arising (or
purportedly arising) therefrom;
any losses resulting from the volatility in
pricing of Tokens in any countries and on any
exchange or market (regulated, unregulated,
primary, secondary or otherwise);
any losses or damages arising out of or in
connection with the purchase, use, sale or
otherwise of the Tokens; or
arising out of or in any way connected to your
failure to properly secure any private key to a
wallet containing Tokens,

to be released and discharged pursuant to this
paragraph or these Terms, or otherwise attempt
to pursue any such claim against the Company
or any Company Representative then you hereby
irrevocably and unconditionally undertake to
indemnify, and keep indemnified the Company
and all Company Representatives fully on
demand from and against:
(a)
all liabilities or losses suffered by the
Company or any Company Representative; and
(b)
all reasonable costs, charges and
reasonable expenses (including without
limitation reasonable legal costs and expenses)
reasonably and properly incurred by the
Company or any Company Representative,
in each case by reason of or in connection with
the bringing or commencement of such action or
pursuit of such claim by you.

(collectively, the “Excluded Liability
Matters”).

If any provision or part-provision of this “Legal
Considerations, Risks and Disclaimer” section
is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable,
it shall be deemed modified to the minimum
extent necessary to make it valid, legal and
enforceable. If such modification is not possible,
the relevant provision or part-provision shall be
deemed deleted. Any modification to or deletion
of a provision or part-provision under this “Legal
Considerations, Risks and Disclaimer” section
shall not affect the validity and enforceability of
the rest of this “Legal Considerations, Risks and
Disclaimer” section.

The Available Information (including the Website
and the White Paper) and the Tokens are provided
on an “as is” basis and without any warranties
of any kind, either expressed or implied. You
assume all responsibility and risk with respect
to your use of the Available Information and
purchasing of any amount of Tokens and their
use. If applicable law does not allow all or any
part of the above limitation of liability to apply to
you, the limitations will apply to you only to the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law, you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally
waive: (i) all and any claims (whether actual or
contingent and whether as an employee, office
holder, trustee or in any other capacity whatsoever
or howsoever arising) including, without
limitation, claims for or relating to the Excluded
Liability Matters, any payment or repayment of
monies, indemnity or otherwise that you may
have against the Company or against any of the
Company Representatives; and (ii) release and
discharge the Company and all of the Company
Representatives from any and all liability (of
whatsoever nature or howsoever arising) it
or they may have to you. If for any reason you
hereafter bring or commence any action or legal
proceeding in respect of any claim purported
30

NO REPRESENTATION & WARRANTIES
The Company does not make or purport to
make, and hereby disclaims, any representation,
warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever
to any entity or person, including any
representation, warranty or undertaking in
relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness
of any of the information set out in the Available
Information.
REPRESENTATION & WARRANTIES BY YOU
By howsoever accessing and/or accepting
possession or communication of all or any part
of the Available Information, you represent and
warrant (and shall be deemed to represent and
warrant) to the Company on the date of such

access or on the latest date on which you retain
possession of all or any part of the Available
Information as follows:
1. you are over 18 (eighteen) years of age;
2. you agree and acknowledge that the Tokens
do not constitute securities in any form in
any jurisdiction;
3. you agree and acknowledge that the
Available Information (including the White
Paper and the Website) does not constitute
a prospectus or offer document of any sort
and is not intended to constitute an offer of
securities in any jurisdiction or a solicitation
for investment in securities and you are not
bound to enter into any contract or binding
legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or
other form of payment is to be accepted on
the basis of the Available Information;
4. you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory
authority has examined or approved of the
Available Information, no action has been
or will be taken under the laws, regulatory
requirements or rules of any jurisdiction and
the publication, distribution or dissemination
of all or any part of the Available Information
to you does not imply that the applicable
laws, regulatory requirements or rules have
been complied with;
5. you agree and acknowledge that the
Available Information, the undertaking and/
or the completion of the Token Sale, or future
trading of the Tokens on any exchange or
market (regulated, unregulated, primary,
secondary or otherwise), shall not be
construed, interpreted or deemed by you as
an indication of the merits of the Company,
the Tokens, the Token Sale or the Available
Information;
6. the distribution or dissemination of the
Available Information any part thereof or
any copy thereof, or acceptance of the same
by you, is not prohibited or restricted by the
applicable laws, regulations or rules in your
jurisdiction, and where any restrictions in
relation to possession are applicable, you
have observed and complied with all such
restrictions at your own expense and without
liability to the Company;
7. you agree and acknowledge that in the case
where you wish to purchase any Tokens, the
Tokens are not to be construed, interpreted,
31

•
•
•
•

•
•
•
•
•

•

•

•

•

classified or treated as:
any kind of currency or commodity;
debentures, stocks or shares issued by any
person or entity (whether the Company or
otherwise);
rights, options or derivatives in respect of
such debentures, stocks or shares;
rights under a contract for differences or
under any other contract the purpose or
pretended purpose of which is to secure a
profit or avoid a loss;
units in a collective investment scheme;
units in a business trust;
derivatives of units in a business trust;
any other security or class of securities; or
any type of investment (as such term is defined
by the Financial Services (Investments and
Fiduciary Services) Act 1989-47 of Gibraltar
(as amended or re-enacted from time to
time) or as such term might be construed
under similar legislation in any other part of
the world);
you are fully aware of and understand that
you are not eligible to purchase any Tokens
or access the Available Information if you are
a citizen, national, resident (tax or otherwise)
and/or green card holder of a Restricted
Jurisdiction or if you are a Restricted Person;
you have a basic degree of understanding
of the operation, functionality, usage,
storage, transmission mechanisms and other
material characteristics of cryptocurrencies,
blockchain-based
software
systems,
cryptocurrency wallets or other related token
storage mechanisms, blockchain technology
and smart contract technology;
you are fully aware and understand that in
the case where you wish to purchase any
Tokens, there are risks associated with: (A) the
Company and its business and operations;
(B) the Tokens; (C) the Token Sale; and (D)
relying or acting on all or any part of the
Available Information;
you agree and acknowledge that the
Company is not liable for any indirect, special,
incidental, consequential or other losses
of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise
(including but not limited to loss of revenue,
income or profits, or loss of use or data, or
loss of reputation, or loss of any economic
or other opportunity of whatsoever nature

•

or howsoever arising), arising out of or
in connection with any acceptance of or
reliance on the Available Information or any
part thereof by you; and
all of the above representations and
warranties are true, complete, accurate and
not misleading from the time of your last
access to and/or possession of (as the case
may be) the Available Information.

CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS
All statements contained in the Available
Information, statements made in any press
releases or in any place accessible by the public
and oral statements that may be made by the
Company or the Company Representatives
(as the case may be), that are not statements
of historical fact, constitute “forward looking
statements”. Some of these statements can be
identified by forward-looking terms such as “aim”,
“target”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “could”, “estimate”,
“expect”, “if”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “possible”,
“probable”, “project”, “should”, “would”, “will” or
other similar terms. However, these terms are
not the exclusive means of identifying forwardlooking statements. All statements regarding
the Company’s financial position, business
strategies, plans and prospects and the future
prospects of the industry which the Company is in
are forward-looking statements. These forwardlooking statements, including but not limited
to statements as to the Company’s revenue
profitability and growth, expected revenue
profitability and growth, prospects, future plans,
other expected industry trends and other matters
discussed in the Available Information regarding
the Company are matters that are not historic
facts, but only estimations and predictions. The
Company makes no representation or warranty
on having made any predictions or estimates
or expectations on the basis of any formula,
any mathematical or scientific modelling or
forecast, or having made any due and proper
enquiries or having undertaken any independent
research or studies or otherwise. These forwardlooking statements involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors that may
cause the actual future results, performance or
achievements of the Company to be materially
32

different from any future results, performance or
achievements expected, expressed or implied by
such forward-looking statements. These factors
include, amongst others:
1. changes in political, social, economic and
stock or cryptocurrency market conditions,
and the regulatory environment in the
countries in which the Company conducts its
business and operations;
2. the risk that the Company may be unable or
execute or implement its business strategies
and future plans;
3. changes in interest rates and exchange rates
of fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies;
4. changes in the anticipated growth strategies
and expected internal growth of the
Company;
5. changes in the availability and fees payable to
the Company in connection with its business
and operations;
6. changes in the availability and salaries of
employees who are required by the Company
to operate its business and operations;
7. changes in preferences of customers of the
Company;
8. changes in competitive conditions under
which the Company operates, and the ability
of the Company to compete under such
conditions;
9. changes in the future capital needs of the
Company and the availability of financing
and capital to fund such needs;
10. war or acts of international or domestic
terrorism;
11. occurrences of catastrophic events, natural
disasters and acts of God that affect the
businesses and/or operations of the
Company;
12. other factors beyond the exclusive control of
the Company; and
13. any risk and uncertainties associated with the
Company and its business and operations,
the Tokens, the Token Sale and reliance on
all or any part of the Available Information.
All forward-looking statements made by or
attributable to the Company or Company
Representatives are expressly qualified in their
entirety by such factors. Given that risks and
uncertainties that may cause the actual future
results, performance or achievements of the

Company to be materially different from that
expected, expressed or implied by the forwardlooking statements in the Available Information,
undue reliance must not be placed on these
statements.
These forward-looking statements are applicable
only as of the later of the date of publication
of the White Paper and the latest date that the
Website has been updated. Neither the Company
nor the Company Representatives nor any other
person represents, warrants and/or undertakes
that the actual future results, performance
or achievements of the Company will be as
discussed in those forward-looking statements.
The actual results, performance or achievements
of the Company may differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements.
Nothing contained in the Available Information
is or may be relied upon as a promise,
representation or undertaking as to the future
performance or policies of the Company. Further,
the Company disclaims any responsibility to
update any of those forward-looking statements
or publicly announce any revisions to those
forward-looking statements to reflect future
developments, events or circumstances, even
if new information becomes available or other
events occur in the future.
RISK FACTORS
You should carefully consider and evaluate
each of the following risk factors and all other
information contained in these Terms before
deciding to participate in the Token Sale. To the
best of the Company’s knowledge and belief, all
risk factors which are material to you in making
an informed judgment to participate in the
Token Sale have been set out below. If any of
the following considerations, uncertainties or
material risks develops into actual events, the
business, financial position and/or results of
operations of the Company and the maintenance
and level of usage of the Tokens could be
materially and adversely affected. In such cases,
the trading price of Tokens (in the case where they
are listed on an exchange or market (regulated,
unregulated, primary, secondary or otherwise))
could decline due to any of these considerations,
33

uncertainties or material risks, and you may lose
all or part of your Tokens or the economic value
thereof.
RISKS RELATING TO PARTICIPATION IN THE
TOKEN SALE
There is no prior market for Tokens and the Token
Sale may not result in an active or liquid market
for the Tokens.
Prior to the Token Sale, there has been no public
market for the Tokens. Although the Company
may use reasonable endeavours to seek the
approval for availability of the Tokens for trading
on a cryptocurrency exchange or market, there
is no assurance that such approval will be
obtained. Furthermore, even if such approval is
granted by a cryptocurrency exchange, there is no
assurance that an active or liquid trading market
for the Tokens will develop, or if developed, will
be sustained after the Tokens have been made
available for trading on such market. There is
also no assurance that the market price of the
Tokens will not decline below the original or
issue purchase price (the “Purchase Price”).
The Purchase Price may not be indicative of the
market price of the Tokens after they have been
made available for trading on a market.
A Token is not a currency issued by any
central bank or national, supra-national or
quasi-national organisation, nor is it backed
by any hard assets or other credit nor is it a
commodity in the traditional sense of that
word. The Company is not responsible for, nor
does it pursue, the circulation and trading of
Tokens on any market. Trading of Tokens will
merely depend on the consensus on its value
between the relevant market participants. No
one is obliged to purchase any Token from any
holder of the Token, including the purchasers,
nor does anyone guarantee the liquidity or
market price of Tokens to any extent at any
time. Furthermore, Tokens may not be resold to
purchasers who are citizens, nationals, residents
(tax or otherwise) and/or green card holders of
Restricted Jurisdictions or to Restricted Persons
or to purchasers in any other jurisdiction where
the purchase of Tokens may be in violation of
applicable laws. Accordingly, the Company

cannot ensure that there will be any demand or
market for Tokens, or that the Purchase Price is
indicative of the market price of Tokens after they
have been made available for trading on any
cryptocurrency exchange or market.
Future sales or issuance of the Tokens could
materially and adversely affect the market
price of Tokens.
Any future sale or issuance of the Tokens would
increase the supply of Tokens in the market and
this may result in a downward price pressure on
the Token. The sale or distribution of a significant
number of Tokens outside of the Token Sale
(including but not limited to the sales of Tokens
undertaken after the completion of the initial
crowdsale, issuance of Tokens to persons other
than purchasers for purposes of community
initiatives, business development, academic
research, education and market expansion and
issuance of Tokens as a reward to users of the
Company’s business platform or otherwise), or
the perception that such further sales or issuance
may occur, could adversely affect the trading
price of the Tokens.
Negative publicity may materially and
adversely affect the price of the Tokens.
Negative publicity involving the Company, the
Company’s business platform, the Tokens or
any of the key personnel of the Company and/
or regulation of distributed ledger technologies,
cryptocurrencies and/or crowdsales of tokens in
any jurisdiction, may materially and adversely
affect the market perception or market price of
the Tokens, whether or not it is justified.
The Company may not be able to pay any
anticipated rewards in the future.
There is no assurance that there will be sufficient
engagement in the Company’s business
platform such that you will receive any rewards
anticipated to be distributed to active users of
the Company’s business platform. Further, even
in the event there is substantial engagement and
interactions among the users of the Company’s
business platform, there is no assurance you
personally will receive any part of the rewards.
34

This is because the ability of the Company to
pay any reward to you will depend on the future
results of operations and the future business and
financial condition of the Company, and there is
no assurance of the future results of operations
and the future business and financial condition
of the Company.
There is no assurance of any success of the
Company’s business platform or any future
Token functionality.
The value of, and demand for, the Tokens hinges
heavily on the performance of the Company’s
business platform and the continuous active
engagement of its users and success of its
contemplated business lines. There is no
assurance that the Company’s business
platform will gain or continue to gain traction.
Furthermore, there is no assurance that any
future Token functionality will be realised. While
the Company has made every effort to provide
a realistic estimate, there is also no assurance
that the cryptocurrencies raised in the Token
Sale will be sufficient for the development of
the Company’s business platform and/or for the
proper development, structuring and licensing of
the anticipated future Token functionality. For the
foregoing or any other reason, the development
of the Company’s business platform and launch
of the anticipated Token functionality may not be
completed and there is no assurance that it will
be launched at all. As such, distributed Tokens
may hold little worth or value and this would
impact its trading price.
The trading price of the Tokens may fluctuate
following the Token Sale.
The prices of cryptographic tokens in general
tend to be relatively volatile, and can fluctuate
significantly over short periods of time. The
demand for, and the corresponding market
price of, the Tokens may fluctuate significantly
and rapidly in response to, among others, the
following factors, some of which are beyond the
control of the Company:
1. new technical innovations;
2. analysts’ speculations, recommendations,
perceptions or estimates of the Token’s
market price or the Company’s financial and

3.

4.
5.
6.
7.
8.

business performance;
changes in market valuations and token
prices of entities with businesses similar
to that of the Company that may be listed
on the same cryptocurrency exchanges or
markets as the Tokens;
announcements by the Company of
significant events, for example partnerships,
sponsorships or new product developments;
fluctuations in market prices and
trading volume of cryptocurrencies on
cryptocurrency exchanges or markets;
additions or departures of key personnel of
the Company;
success or failure of the Company’s
management in implementing business and
growth strategies; and/or
changes in conditions affecting the
blockchain or financial technology industry,
the general economic conditions or market
sentiments, or other events or factors.

The funds raised in the Token Sale are
exposed to risks of theft.
The Company will make every effort to ensure
that the funds received from the Token Sale
will be securely held in a wallet, with access
thereto by private keys held by reputable and
trusted parties. Further, the Company may
make every effort to ensure that the funds
received by it from Token Sale will be securely
held through the implementation of security
measures. Notwithstanding such security
measures, there is no assurance that there will
be no theft of the cryptocurrencies as a result of
hacks, sophisticated cyber-attacks, distributed
denials of service or errors, vulnerabilities or
defects on the Token Sale website, in the smart
contract(s) on which the wallet and the Token
Sale relies, on the Ethereum blockchain or any
other blockchain, or otherwise. Such events
may include, for example, flaws in programming
or source code leading to exploitation or abuse
thereof. In such event, even if the Token Sale
is completed, the Company may not be able
to receive the cryptocurrencies raised and the
Company may not be able to use such funds
for the development of the Company’s business
platform and/or for launching any future Token
functionality. In such case, the launch of the
35

Company’s business platform and the structuring
and licensing of any future Token functionality
might be temporarily or permanently curtailed.
As such, distributed Tokens may hold little worth
or value and this would impact their trading
price.
RISKS RELATING TO THE COMPANY
The Company’s business platform.
Any events or circumstances which adversely
affect the Company or any of its successor
or affiliated operating entities may have a
corresponding adverse effect on the Company’s
business platform and/or on any future Token
functionality, including but not limited to the
development, structuring and launch of the
Company’s business platform and of any future
Token functionality. Such adverse effects would
correspondingly have an impact on the utility,
liquidity, and the trading price of the Tokens.
The Company may be materially and
adversely affected if it fails to effectively
manage its operations as its business
develops and evolves, which would have a
direct impact on its ability to maintain or
operate the Company’s business platform
and/or develop, structure and/or licence any
future Token functionality.
The financial technology and cryptocurrency
industries in which the Company competes
have grown rapidly over the past few years
and continue to evolve in response to new
technological advances, changing business
models, shifting regulations and other factors. As
a result of this constantly changing environment,
the Company may face operational difficulties in
adjusting to the changes, and the sustainability of
the Company will depend on its ability to manage
its operations, ensure that it hires qualified and
competent employees, and provides proper
training for its personnel. As its business evolves,
the Company must also expand and adapt
its operational infrastructure. The Company’s
business will in part rely on its blockchain-based
software systems, cryptocurrency wallets or other
related token storage mechanisms, blockchain
technology and smart contract technology. All

of these systems, tools, and skillsets represent
complex, costly, and rapidly changing technical
infrastructure. In order to demonstrate continued
ability to effectively manage technical support
infrastructure for the Company’s business
platform, the Company will need to continue
to upgrade and improve its data systems and
other operational systems, procedures, and
controls. These upgrades and improvements
will require a dedication of resources and are
likely to be complex and increasingly rely on
hosted computer services from third parties
that the Company does not or will not control.
If the Company is unable to adapt its systems
and organisation in a timely, efficient, and costeffective manner to accommodate changing
circumstances, its business, financial condition
and/or results of operations may be adversely
affected. If the third parties whom the Company
relies on are subject to a security breach or
otherwise suffer disruptions that impact the
services the Company uses, the integrity and
availability of its internal information could
be compromised, which may consequently
cause the loss of confidential or proprietary
information and/or economic loss. The loss of
financial, labour or other resources, and any
other adverse effect on the Company’s business,
financial condition and/or operations, would
have a direct adverse effect on the Company’s
ability to maintain or operate the Company’s
business platform and/or to develop, structure
and/or license the anticipated future Token
functionality. Any adverse effects affecting the
Company business or technology are likely to
also adversely impact the utility, liquidity, and
trading price of the Tokens.

which the Company or the Company’s business
platform relies, or on the Ethereum or any
other blockchain. Such events may include, for
example, flaws in programming or source code
leading to exploitation or abuse thereof. The
Company may not be able to detect such hacks,
cyber-attacks, distributed denials of service errors
vulnerabilities or defects in a timely manner, and
may not have sufficient resources to efficiently
cope with multiple service incidents happening
simultaneously or in rapid succession.

The Company may experience system
failures, unplanned interruptions in its
network or services, hardware or software
defects, security breaches or other causes
that could adversely affect the Company’s
infrastructure
network,
and/or
the
Company’s business platform.

The Company may in the future be
dependent in part on the location and data
centre facilities of third parties.

The Company is not able to anticipate when
there would be occurrences of hacks, cyberattacks, distributed denials of service or errors,
vulnerabilities or defects in: the Company’s
business platform, in the smart contracts on
36

The Company’s network or services, which would
include the Company’s business platform and, if
successfully structured, developed, licensed and
launched, the future Token functionality, could
be disrupted by numerous events, including
natural disasters, equipment breakdown,
network connectivity downtime, power losses,
or even intentional disruptions of its services,
such as disruptions caused by software viruses or
attacks by unauthorized users, some of which are
beyond the Company’s control. There can be no
assurance that cyber-attacks, such as distributed
denials of service, will not be attempted in the
future or that the Company’s security measures
will be effective. The Company may be prone
to attacks on its infrastructure intended to steal
information about its technology, financial
data or user information or take other actions
that would be damaging to the Company and/
or holders of the Tokens. Any significant breach
of the Company’s security measures or other
disruptions resulting in a compromise of the
usability, stability, and security of the Company’s
business platform may adversely affect the utility,
liquidity and/or trading price of the Tokens.

The Company’s future infrastructure network
may be established in whole or in part through
servers which it owns and/or houses at the
location facilities of third parties, and/or servers
that it rents at data centre facilities of third
parties. If the Company is unable to renew its
data facility leases on commercially reasonable
terms or at all, the Company may be required to
transfer its servers to a new data centre facility,

and may incur significant costs and possible
service interruption in connection with the
relocation. These facilities are also vulnerable
to damage or interruption from, among others,
natural disasters, arson, terrorist attacks, power
losses, and telecommunication failures.
Additionally, the third-party providers of such
facilities may suffer a breach of security as a
result of third-party action, employee error,
malfeasance or otherwise, and a third party
may obtain unauthorised access to the data in
such servers. The Company and the providers of
such facilities may be unable to anticipate these
techniques or to implement adequate preventive
measures.
General global market and economic
conditions may have an adverse impact
on the Company’s operating performance,
results of operations and/or cash flows.
The Company could continue to be affected by
general global economic and market conditions.
Challenging economic conditions worldwide
have from time to time, contributed, and may
continue to contribute, to slowdowns in the
information technology industry at large.
Weakness in the economy could have a negative
effect on the Company’s business, operations
and financial condition, including decreases in
revenue and operating cash flows, and inability
to attract future equity and/or debt financing on
commercially reasonable terms. Additionally,
in a down-cycle economic environment, the
Company may experience the negative effects of a
slowdown in trading and usage of the Company’s
business platform and may delay or cancel the
development, structuring, licensing and/or
launch of the anticipated Token functionality.
Suppliers on which the Company relies for
servers, bandwidth, location and other services
could also be negatively impacted by economic
conditions that, in turn, could have a negative
impact on the Company’s operations or
expenses. There can be no assurance, therefore,
that current economic conditions or worsening
economic conditions or a prolonged or recurring
recession will not have a significant, adverse
impact on the Company’s business, financial
37

condition and results of operations, and hence,
the Company’s business platform and/or the
ability to develop, structure, license and/or
launch any future Token functionality. Any such
circumstances would then correspondingly
negatively impact the utility, liquidity, and/or
trading price of the Tokens.
The Company or the Tokens may be affected
by newly implemented regulations.
Distributed ledger technologies, businesses
and activities as well as cryptocurrencies
and cryptocurrency-related businesses and
activities are generally unregulated worldwide,
but numerous regulatory authorities across
jurisdictions have been outspoken about
considering the implementation of regulatory
regimes which govern distributed ledger
technologies, businesses and activities as well
as cryptocurrencies and cryptocurrency-related
businesses and activities. The Company or the
Tokens may be affected by newly implemented
regulations relating to distributed ledger
technologies, businesses and activities as well
as cryptocurrencies and cryptocurrency-related
businesses and activities, including having to
take measures to comply with such regulations,
or having to deal with queries, notices, requests
or enforcement actions by regulatory authorities,
which may come at a substantial cost and
may also require substantial modifications to
the Company’s business platform and/or the
anticipated Token functionality. This may impact
the appeal or practicality or functionality of
the Company’s business platform and/or the
anticipated Token functionality for users and
result in decreased usage of and demand for the
Company’s business platform and the Tokens.
Further, should the costs (financial or otherwise)
of complying with such newly implemented
regulations exceed a certain threshold,
maintaining the Company’s business platform
and/or developing, structuring, licensing and/
or launching the future Token functionality
may no longer be commercially viable, and
the Company may opt to discontinue the
Company’s business platform, the anticipated
future Token functionality, and/or the Tokens.
Further, it is difficult to predict how or whether
governments or regulatory authorities may

implement any changes to laws and regulations
affecting distributed ledger technology and
its applications, including the Company’s
business platform, the anticipated future Token
functionality, and/or the Tokens.
The Company may also have to cease operations
in a jurisdiction that makes it illegal to operate
in such jurisdiction, or make it commercially
unviable or undesirable to obtain the necessary
regulatory approval(s) to operate in such
jurisdiction. In scenarios such as the foregoing,
the utility, liquidity, and/or trading price of
Tokens will be adversely affected and/or Tokens
may cease to be traded.
There may be unanticipated risks arising
from the Tokens.
Cryptographic tokens such as the Tokens are
a relatively new and dynamic technology. In
addition to the risks included in the above
discussion of risk factors, there are other risks
associated with your purchase, holding, and use
of the Tokens, including those that the Company
cannot anticipate. Such risks may further appear
as unanticipated variations or combinations of
the risks discussed above.
PRIVACY POLICY
By purchasing Tokens, you agree to your
personal data, (i.e., your e-mail address, name,
address and other details personal to you) being
processed by the Company for its business
purposes or the purposes of building, promoting,
and communicating (about) the Company’s
business platform and the Tokens. The Company
agrees to keep your email address and other
personal data private and not share it with the
public (e.g., by including it on any external lists or
selling to any third parties).
DISCLAIMER
The presentation of the Available Information
is solely for informational purposes. Anyone
interested in purchasing Tokens and participating
in the Token Sale should consider the various
risks prior to making any kind of decision
in respect of the Token Sale. The Available
38

Information does not comprise any advice by the
Company or by the Company Representatives,
or any recommendation to any recipient of
the Available Information, by the virtue of any
participation in the Token Sale or otherwise.
The Available Information does not necessarily
identify, or claim to identify, all the risk factors
connected with the Company, the Company’s
business platform, the Tokens, the Token Sale,
any future Token functionality or the Available
Information. All the participants must make their
own independent evaluation, after making such
investigations as they consider essential, of the
merits of participating in the Token Sale and
after taking their own independent professional
advice. Any participant in the Token Sale should
check with and rely upon their own investment,
accounting, legal and tax representatives and
consultants in respect of such matters concerning
the Company, the Company’s business platform,
the Tokens, the Token Sale, any future Token
functionality and the Available Information
and to assess separately the financial risks,
consequences and appropriateness of the
purchase of Tokens, or if in any doubt about
the facts set out in the Available Information.
A purchase of Tokens comprises considerable
risk and might involve extraordinary risks that
may lead to a loss of all or a significant portion
of monies or monetary value utilised to acquire
Tokens. Participants in the Token Sale are urged
to completely understand, be aware of and
accept the characteristics of the Company, the
Company’s business platform, the Tokens, the
Token Sale, any future Token functionality and
the Available Information. If you are not prepared
to accept any or all of these Terms or the risks
set out in these Terms then you are urged not
to participate in the Token Sale. No guarantee
or assurance is given by the Company or by the
Company Representatives that the Company’s
proposals, objectives and/or outcomes set out
in the Available Information will be achieved
in whole or in part. You are urged to consider
whether participation in the Token Sale is
suitable for you having regard to your personal
and financial circumstances and your financial
resources.

RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND
DISSEMINATION OF THE AVAILABLE
INFORMATION
The distribution or dissemination howsoever of
all or any part of the Available Information may
be prohibited or restricted by the laws, regulatory
requirements and rules of certain jurisdictions. In
the case where any such restriction applies, you
are responsible for informing yourself in respect of
the same and for observing any such restrictions
which are applicable to your possession and/or
dissemination of all or any part of the Available
Information at your own expense and without
liability to the Company.
Persons to whom a copy of all or any part of
the Available Information has been distributed
or disseminated, provided access to or who
otherwise have all or any part of the Available
Information in their possession shall not circulate
it to any other persons, reproduce or otherwise
distribute any information contained herein for
any purpose whatsoever nor permit or cause the
same to occur.
NO OFFER OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION
This White Paper does not constitute a
prospectus or offer document of any sort and is
not intended to constitute an offer of securities
or a solicitation for investment in securities in

39

any jurisdiction. No person is bound to enter
into any contract or binding legal commitment
and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment
is to be accepted on the basis of all or any part
of the Available Information. Any agreement in
relation to any sale and purchase of Tokens is to
be governed by the terms and conditions of such
agreement and no other document. In the event
of any inconsistencies between the terms and
conditions of that agreement and the Available
Information, those terms and conditions shall
prevail.
You are not eligible to purchase any Tokens
in the Token Sale if you are a citizen, resident
(tax or otherwise) or green card holder of a
Restricted Jurisdiction or you are a Restricted
Person. No regulatory authority has examined
or approved of any of the Available Information.
No such action has been or will be taken under
the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of
any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or
dissemination of the Available Information does
not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory
requirements or rules have been complied with.

40

