Crowdvilla White Paper
Version: 0.9.8.4
Last update: 10 Aug 2018

Seller

Token Name

Crowdvilla Ltd

Crowdvilla Token

Project

Token Ticker

Crowdvilla.io

CRV and CROWD

Sponsor

Sale Dates on GBX Grid

ICOMAIN (Broctagon Technologies Limited)

Pre: 6 - 31 August 2018
Public: 3 - 28 September 2018

Powered By

2

Table of Contents
Disclaimer

3

Introduction
Mission
Token Point System

5
5
5

Market Opportunities
Market Size

6
6

Benefits to the Community
Shifting Power to the Community Through Decentralization
Non-Profit Organisation: Transparency & Value
Platform Scalability and Growth

8
8
9
9

The Crowdvilla Model

10

Token Sales
Token Sale Platform
Token Sale Distribution

11
11
12

Asset Acquisition
Life Cycle of Asset Acquisition
Principles of Property Selection
Property Acquisition Methods

13
13
14
16

Operational Infrastructure
Property Booking System

17
17

Community Interactions
Key Players in the Crowdvilla Ecosystem
Points Based Economy

18
18
19

Crowdvilla’s Token and Point

20

Point Generation Mechanics
Zet Mechanics, Bonus Multipliers, Distribution of Points
Examples of Point Generation and Lock-Up Periods, Self Sustaining Model
Points Stabilizer, Ancillary VIP Token (REI Token)
Future Refinement of Token Mechanics

21
21
22
23
24

Initial Token Sale
Token Generation Rate
Soft Cap and Goal, Duration, Bonus Tokens
Spillover, Points Special Generation Event, REI Giveaway
Allocation Budget

25
26
26
27
27

Token Sale Summary

28

Target Markets

29

Visual Concept

30

Technology
Token Sale Platform
Smart Contract Source Code
Point Generation Smart Contract

35
35
35
36

Roadmap

37

Key Risks & Mitigations

38

Legal Structure
External Audit & Audit Committee
Annual (or more frequent) reporting
Securities Regulations

39
39
39
40

Key Fact Sheet

41

Team, Advisors, Partners & Associations

42

Contact

49

3

Disclaimer
All information and materials contained in this document are provided for informational purposes only and are subject to change at any time. REITECH Pte Ltd ("REIDAO") may, on
behalf of Crowdvilla Ltd (A Non-Profit Organisation) (“Crowdvilla”) add information to, remove or amend any information and/or material contained in this document at any time
and in its sole discretion with notice. This document and all information contained herein is not directed at or intended for use by any person resident or located in any jurisdiction
where (1) the distribution of such information is contrary to the laws of such jurisdiction; or (2) such distribution is prohibited without obtaining the necessary licenses or
authorizations by REIDAO or Crowdvilla and such licenses or authorizations have not been obtained.

Products and services described herein may not be eligible for sale or available to residents of certain countries or certain categories of purchasers. Please consult the applicable
terms and conditions such as sales restrictions or key specific notes for further information once the final documents may be available. No information or materials contained herein
should be construed as a solicitation, offer or recommendation, to buy or sell any products or services, regardless if those products and services are viewed by purchasers themselves
as investable or non-investable assets, to execute any transactions or to conclude any legal act of any kind whatsoever. The materials should not be regarded by recipients as a
substitute for the exercise of their own judgment. Any opinions are subject to change with notice and may differ or be contrary to opinions expressed in another context as a result of
using different assumptions and criteria.

No purchasing or other decisions should be made solely based on the contents or information found in this document. When making a decision about purchases, purchasers should
seek the advice of a legal or other relevant professional advisor or qualified expert. Purchasers have the utmost duty to conduct their own research that products and services
described herein are not deemed as securities, investment or other financial instruments with respect to all jurisdictions relevant to their purchasing decisions.

REIDAO or Crowdvilla does not guarantee that an active secondary market will necessarily be developed for the Crowdvilla Tokens. As a new entity as well as the issuer of the
tokens, REIDAO and Crowdvilla does not have operating history prior to this project.

REIDAO or Crowdvilla does not provide advice of investment, legal or tax nature and nothing herein should be construed as being financial, legal, tax or other advice. REIDAO or
Crowdvilla does not represent that any products and services discussed herein are suitable for any purchaser who may or may not wish to purchase.

This document may contain statements that constitute "forward-looking statements". While these forward-looking statements may represent judgment and future expectations of
REIDAO or Crowdvilla, a number of risks, uncertainties and other important factors could cause actual developments and results to differ materially from those judgement and future
expectations. REIDAO or Crowdvilla will give its update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, whenever
appropriate.

This document may contain third-party content or links or reference to third-party websites. These content and links are provided solely for your convenience and information.
REIDAO or Crowdvilla has no control over, does not assume any responsibility for and does not make any warranties or representations as to, any third-party content or websites,
including but not limited to, the accuracy, subject matter, quality or timeliness.

REIDAO or Crowdvilla, or if any, the applicable third-party owner, retains all right, title and interest (including copyrights, trademarks, patents, as well as any other intellectual
property or other right) in all information and content (including all text, data, graphics and logos) in this document. Individual pages and/or sections of this document may be printed
for personal or internal use only, and provided that such printouts retain all applicable copyright or other proprietary notices, including this disclaimer.

REIDAO or Crowdvilla has taken all reasonable care to ensure that the facts stated in this document are true and accurate in all material respects, and that there are no other facts
the omission of which would make misleading any statement in the document, whether of facts or opinion. REIDAO or Crowdvilla accepts responsibility accordingly.

GBX Limited is not responsible for the content or accuracy of the Whitepaper or the conduct of the Token Sale in any way, and that neither Admission nor the approval of the
Whitepaper pursuant to the Token Sale Rules constitutes a warranty or representation by GBX Limited as to the competence of REIDAO or Crowdvilla, its service providers or any
other party connected with the Project, the Token or the Token Sale, the adequacy of information contained in the Whitepaper or the suitability of the Project or the Token for any
purpose; and GBX Limited will not be liable for any false, inaccurate, inappropriate or incomplete information contained in the Whitepaper.

4

Risk Factors
Regulatory Risks
“Token” as crypto-asset is currently an unregulated instrument, as such a high degree of uncertainty exists on how this instrument
might be treated in the future. Crowdvilla does not give any warranty that the current regulatory regime will not change and that
Crowdvilla tokens will remain unaffected by any regulatory changes in the future.

Crowdvilla and its affiliates are not regulated under any regulatory body in Singapore. Specifically Crowdvilla and its affiliates are not
registered with MAS in Singapore as financial institutions, financial advisors, or any other regulated activities under the Securities and
Futures Act, Financial Advisors Act, and other related regulations.

Crowdvilla does not have any fiduciary duties towards token holders as a non-regulated entity. While Crowdvilla will strive to serve in
the best interest of the token holders, there might be cases where other key stakeholders’ interest might not be aligned with the token
holders’ interest, in which case Crowdvilla is permitted to make a decision against the interest of the token holders. This means that
token holders have limited rights of recourse against Crowdvilla in the event of disputes.

Technology and Third Parties Risks
As “token” is by nature recorded on a blockchain, which is in itself a still very nascent technology, substantial risks exist just by owning
Crowdvilla tokens. Crowdvilla does not make any reliability claim regarding the underlying blockchain technology that Crowdvilla token
will be created on as such things are beyond Crowdvilla’s control.

The manner of which “token” will be created, transferred, and kept, will also likely involved third parties, such as wallets (software or
hardware), and exchanges. Crowdvilla does not represent or assure that it can prevent external factors from having a direct or indirect
impact to token holders.

Crowdvilla is not responsible for any risk involving third parties, before, during and after the token sale, such as incompatibility of
wallets, third-party fraud or security breach, which may incur some or all losses of the tokens purchased.

5

Introduction
Mission
Crowdvilla aims to provide true sharing of its global portfolio of hotels and holiday properties on the
blockchain. Based on the concept of the common good, Crowdvilla’s community pool their resources to
acquire properties together for their shared use. Our introduction video is here:
https://youtu.be/YRyLdOaQFx4
The portfolio would ideally occupy the casual luxury segment that has broad appeal to internationally-mobile
businesses and holiday travellers.
Crowdvilla will operate as a non-profit organisation (NPO) that combines blockchain technology and real
estate utility tokenization to provide attractive key features to its community and users.

Token-Point System
The Crowdvilla platform uses a Token-Point System with the following native digital assets:

Feature
Official Name
Symbol (Ticker)

Token
Crowdvilla Token (CRV Token)
(“CRV”)

Point
Crowdpoint Token (CROWD Token)
(“CROWD”)

Each Crowdvilla Token (CRV) denotes a share of time-value1 for the use of all properties in the Crowdvilla
portfolio. CRV holders earn Crowdpoint Tokens (CROWD) in perpetuity (i.e. on an ongoing basis for as long
as the portfolio exists). CROWD Tokens are used to book stays in the properties. The number of CROWD
Tokens generated is proportional to the number of CRV Tokens held and the length of the holding period.

_________________________________________

1

Time-value is the sum of all daily rental values within the Crowdvilla portfolio over a time-horizon of choice.

6

Market Opportunities
Market Size

(Source: World Travel & Tourism Council 2017 Report2)

Crowdvilla operates in the accommodation segment of the travel and tourism industry (T&T), which is a
behemoth of the global economy. According to the World Travel & Tourism Council2 (WTTC), the T&T sector
had a global GDP impact of US$7.6 trillion in 2016, of which about one-third (US$2.3 trillion) was its direct
contribution. The World Bank3 data shows that international tourism receipts increased by around 30% from
US$1.1 trillion in 2010 to US$1.4 trillion in 2016.

The T&T sector’s global GDP impact was larger than those of other sectors such as chemicals, automotive
manufacturing, agriculture, mining, and banking. Most of the T&T sector’s GDP contributions came from
sub-sectors such as accommodation, catering, entertainment, and transportation. GDP from T&T is
estimated to grow at 4.0% per annum between 2017-2027, above the 2.7% average expected for the total
global economy.

_________________________________________

2

"World Summary - World Travel and Tourism Council."
https://www.wttc.org/-/media/files/reports/benchmark-reports/regional-reports-2017/world.pdf. Accessed 19 Jan. 2018.
3

"World Development Indicators - World Bank DataBank."
http://databank.worldbank.org/data/reports.aspx?source=2&series=ST.INT.RCPT.CD&country=. Accessed 19 Jan. 2018.

7

USD

(Source: Hotel Industry Report - SUEVIO4)

The growth in the T&T sector has had a positive effect on the accommodation segment. SUEVIO4 estimated
that annual global hotel revenues have grown by around 30% from US$419 billion in 2010 to US$550
billion in 2016, equivalent to a growth rate of 4.6% per annum.

Key growth drivers of the T&T accommodation segment going forward include:

● Changing Demographics - The increasing number of millennials worldwide are changing the T&T landscape. According
to the Boston Consulting Group5, millennials are more likely to travel for leisure than other age groups, and they are also
more likely to have travel apps on their smartphones. Goldman Sachs6 calls millennials “one of the largest generations in
history”, and Pew Research7 shares that millennials have overtaken baby boomers in terms of population size in the US
since 2015. Many millennials prioritize experience-based consumption and express personal values over brands; they
prefer access to products through sharing instead of direct ownership.

● Healthy Global Economic Growth - According to the World Bank8, the estimated global GDP growth in 2017 is 3.0%, the
highest since 2011. Global GDP growth is forecast to edge up to 3.1% in 2018. Emerging and developing economies are,
on average, forecast to grow at around 4.5% in 2018. Powerhouses China and India are forecast to grow at 6.4% and
6.7% respectively, and China is already the world’s largest source of international tourists.

● Technology - Technological advancements continue to lower the costs of travel for a great majority as the
transparency of travel-related marketplaces increases, and the fuel-efficiency levels of aircrafts and other
vehicles improve, leading to lower costs for transport providers.
_________________________________________

4

"Hotel Industry Report - SUEVIO."
https://www.suevio.com/hotel-industry-report. Accessed 19 Jan. 2018.
5

"Traveling with Millennials - BCG."
https://www.bcg.com/documents/file129974.pdf. Accessed 19 Jan. 2018.
6

"Millennials Infographic - Goldman Sachs."
http://www.goldmansachs.com/our-thinking/pages/millennials/. Accessed 19 Jan. 2018.
7

"Millennials overtake Baby Boomers as America's largest generation ...." 25 Apr. 2016
http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/04/25/millennials-overtake-baby-boomers/. Accessed 19 Jan. 2018.
8

"Global Economic Prospects - World Bank Group."
http://www.worldbank.org/en/publication/global-economic-prospects. Accessed 19 Jan. 2018.

8

Benefits to the Community
Shifting Power to the Community Through Decentralization
Crowdvilla provides a hassle-free, branded travel accommodation experience that is operated by
professional vendors (at least initially before a truly capable and decentralized community is in place). This
solves the problem of quality inconsistency that plagues many semi-decentralised property-sharing
platforms. Crowdvilla does not compete with the existing landlord-tenant business model. Instead,
Crowdvilla represents a paradigm shift from the centralized, landlord-tenant business model to a
decentralized, blockchain-enabled, community asset model.

Crowdvilla’s decentralized model strives to create these benefits:

Secure, Efficient & Transparent

Freedom & Control

Fairness & Equity

Secure & simple
bookings

Free to own as many
tokens as you can afford

True sharing

Know what you get

Decentralized

all units on blockchain

no middleman to trade

One rule for all
(smart contract)

not renting

9

Non-Profit Organisation: Transparency & Value
Crowdvilla will operate as a company limited by guarantee - a non-profit organisation (“NPO”) that is
allowed to conduct commercial activities in Singapore (where it is based). The NPO structure allows
Crowdvilla to provide its community with:
● Public Reporting - as an NPO, Crowdvilla is a public entity with public reporting obligations. Public
reporting facilitates community-based monitoring, and makes Crowdvilla accountable for all financial
and management decisions.
● Value For Money - all products and services offered through Crowdvilla can be delivered to the
community at cost prices. End-users can enjoy better value for their pooled contributions, unlike in
the traditional hotel business model that is built around profits for shareholders.

Platform Scalability and Growth
The blockchain-based platform is scalable to allow Crowdvilla to rapidly add new properties and manage
any increase in token holders. Adding new properties and user identities simply requires the creation of new
tokens and adding new transactions to the blockchain.

Organic growth of the portfolio is possible by using excess reserves built up over time to buy new
properties and to increase the total time-value of the entire portfolio. Appreciation in the value of assets in
portfolio can offer opportunities to optimise the portfolio further to increase the volume and value of rental
units available within the portfolio.

10

The Crowdvilla Model
Overview
The Crowdvilla Model comprises real estate utility tokenization, which involves the community pooling of
resources during a Token Sale and the subsequent acquisition of properties for shared use, and the
Crowdvilla Economy that revolves around the use of CROWD in its operations.

Asset
Tokenization

1
Token
Sales

2
Asset
Acquisition

3
Operational Infrastructure
Community Interactions

Crowdvilla
Economy

11

Token Sales
Token Sale Platform (GBX Grid)
The Token Sale platform allows for Token buyers to register and get whitelisted to contribute ETH to
Crowdvilla as part of the pooling of resources. Approved contributors will receive newly generated
Crowdvilla Tokens (“CRV”). Debut tokens from the Initial Token Sale will be priced as discussed in the “Initial
Token Sale” section.

12

Token Sale Distribution
The Initial Token Sale for Crowdvilla (See “Initial Token Sale” section for more details) will herald the debut
of the Crowdvilla Tokens. Future Token Sales will be conducted to fund more purchases of properties to
broaden Crowdvilla’s mission for a community of true property sharers. During each Token Sale, a portion of
the Crowdvilla Tokens will be distributed to REIDAO, the technology partner that provides key technology
services to Crowdvilla.

The table below shows the proposed distribution of the Crowdvilla Tokens to the Crowdvilla community
(token holders) and REIDAO during the Initial Token Sale and Future Token Sales:

Token Sale

Crowdvilla Community

REIDAO

Total

Initial Token Sale
(% Distribution)

80%

20%

100%

Future Token Sales
(% Distribution)

95%

5%

100%

13

Asset Acquisition
Crowdvilla’s resident asset manager (Pacific Star Development) will be responsible for all decisions to
acquire properties with the funds raised from the Token Sales. The portfolio will include houses, apartments,
apartment blocks, and hotels.

The diagram below lists the processes which Crowdvilla undertakes to acquire the properties.

Life Cycle of Asset Acquisition

A. Screen & Shortlist: Asset manager and advisors follow the Principles of Property Selection guidelines
(found in the section below) to screen and shortlist properties after initial viewings.

B. Deal Execution: The team with the intention to acquire relevant properties enters the sale process on an
exclusive bilateral basis or via an auction. This process includes exercising due diligence (technical,
structural, financial, commercial, regulatory and legal), initial terms negotiations, price valuations and the
submission of price offers.

C. Final Execution (Negotiation): The purchase price and final terms in the sales and purchase agreement
(SPA), including relevant indemnities, guarantees and other items, are negotiated and finalised before the
SPA is signed.

D. Acquire Asset: Once all relevant requirements are satisfied, the asset manager authorises payments to
acquire the property.

14

Principles of Property Selection
Below are the guidelines to property selection that will ensure value to the Crowdvilla community:

● Local Regulations - every market has its own regulations for hotels or residential leasing. Some
markets may not allow outright foreign real estate investments. The asset manager will determine the
most viable operational model for each market.

● High Risk Jurisdictions - markets which are significantly exposed to terrorist organizations or are at
high risk of violent conflicts are excluded from any selections. This list of viable jurisdictions will be
cross-checked with various watchlists such as the United Nations Sanctions List9, the Watchlist On
Children and Armed Conflict10, and the European Union Sanctions List11.

● Natural Disasters - Countries along the Ring of Fire12 are some of the hottest tourist destinations but
they are exposed to volcanoes and earthquakes. For example, the Indonesian island of Bali, which has
doubled its annual tourist arrivals from 2.7 million to 5.4 million13 since 2011 has seen threats of
volcanic eruptions14 that can have catastrophic effect on the tourism industry.

Losses from destruction of properties by natural disasters will be mitigated by property insurance
contracts. Robust due diligence during asset acquisition ensures the properties are insurable and can
possibly withstand the impacts of natural disasters.

_________________________________________

9

"Narrative Summaries of Reasons for Listing | United Nations Security ...."
https://www.un.org/sc/suborg/en/sanctions/1267/aq_sanctions_list/summaries. Accessed 19 Jan. 2018.
10

"Countries – Watchlist - Watchlist on Children and Armed Conflict."
http://watchlist.org/countries/. Accessed 19 Jan. 2018.
11

"European Union Restrictive measures (sanctions)." 4 Aug. 2017,
https://eeas.europa.eu/sites/eeas/files/restrictive_measures-2017-08-04.pdf. Accessed 19 Jan. 2018.
12

"Ring of Fire - Wikipedia."
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ring_of_Fire. Accessed 19 Jan. 2018.
13

"Statistics - Dinas Pariwisata."
http://www.disparda.baliprov.go.id/en/Statistics2. Accessed 19 Jan. 2018.
14

"Indonesia volcano: Mount Agung eruption closes Bali's ... - CNN.com." 27 Nov. 2017,
http://www.cnn.com/2017/11/26/asia/mount-agung-eruption-bali-indonesia/index.html. Accessed 19 Jan. 2018.

15

● Land Registration System and Restrictions of Use - many countries currently adopt the Torrens title
system (in which the State grants the landowner an indefeasible right to the land), which is favorable
for Crowdvilla, particularly in cases where structures need to be built from the ground up.
Even with the rights to the land, the asset manager will need to thoroughly understand any use
limitations or urban planning restrictions that are applicable to the properties. This will require advice
from local real estate consultants.

● Capital Appreciation and Rental Yields - high potential capital appreciation and rental yield may
indicate a robust and growing real estate market, thus ensuring that the property will not become
redundant during its operational years. The asset manager may need to work with local real estate
consultants to determine the number of properties and prices to pay for different types of properties in
each market.

● Tenure Restrictions - for any leasehold properties, the lease must be long enough to recover the
capital and cost of capital for purchasing the property over its lifespan based on, but not limited to,
discounted cash flow analysis.

All properties that fit these considerations will be acquired fully in cash without any leverage, i.e. no
construction loans, payment loans or mortgages since leverage can amplify the downsides to cash flows
due to potential economic, political and other risks. Lack of leverage reduces the number of properties that
can be acquired.

16

Property Acquisition Methods
A. Standard Case
Crowdvilla provides ETH/Fiat as payment currency for legal ownership of a property from the seller.

B. Token Swap
Crowdvilla uses Tokens as payment currency for legal ownership of a property from the seller.

CRV Tokens

C. Synthetic Purchase
Crowdvilla uses Tokens as payment currency for property rights assigned by the owner (not legal
ownership). The owner may buy back the property rights at the market value of the property.

CRV Tokens

17

Operational Infrastructure
Property Booking System
The Property Booking System (“PBS”) provided by REIDAO will automate various functions including
online bookings, inventory optimization (bedstock allocation and dynamic pricing of stays), and
record-keeping (of financial and operational data for reporting and management purposes).

● Managers - an operations manager will oversee the overall operations while an accounts manager will perform
financial and commercial analysis of the properties and strategies to improve occupancy rates. Over time, Crowdvilla
will broaden its managerial roles to meet the needs of its growing operations. For instance, there may be a need for a
community manager who communicates updates to the community or a customer service manager to manage any
disputes.

● Third-Party Vendors - professionally contracted vendors will perform actual ground operations (housekeeping,
maintenance, customer support and concierge services) in line with Crowdvilla’s vision of targeting the casual luxury
segment. In the future, individuals with verifiable skills (selected by Token holders based on “Proof of Reputation”) can
replace these vendors on flexible assignments in a fully decentralised manner.

18

Community Interactions
Key Players in the Crowdvilla Ecosystem
The table below shows the different stakeholders in the Crowdvilla ecosystem:

Stakeholders

Interactions
● Acquires and operates hotels and holiday properties.

Crowdvilla

● Pays vendors, other costs and taxes.
● Supports community efforts.

REIDAO

Token Holders

Public

Vendors

● Provides technology platforms for token sale, asset tokenization and
operational infrastructure.
● Earn CROWD on the CRV held to book for stays.
● Trade CRV and CROWD to desired amounts held for their needs
● Book for stays and pay with fiat (which will be used to buy the
necessary CROWD) for their bookings.

● Provide ground operations services.

19

Points-Based Economy
Token Holders and Crowdvilla receive generated Crowdpoint Tokens (CROWD) from Crowdvilla Tokens
(CRV).
The table below shows the distribution of the generated CROWD points:

Stakeholders

Allocation of CROWD Generated

CRV Token Holders

30%

Crowdvilla NPO

50%

Crowdvilla Operation Partners

15%

REIDAO - Technology Partner

5%

Total

100%

Stays in Crowdvilla properties are priced in CROWD and can only be booked with CROWD. CROWD are
burned after the stays are completed.

Booking Stays

Trading on Exchanges

send
CROWD
to App

User

receive booking
confirmation

App

(CROWD burned after stay)

User

Exchange

20

Crowdvilla’s Token and Point
Token Details
The table below summarises the key features of the two native digital assets, Crowdvilla Token (CRV) and
Crowdpoint Token (CROWD).
Feature

Token

Point

Crowdvilla Token

Crowdpoint Token

(“CRV”)

(“CROWD”)

crvtoken.eth

crowdpoint.eth

Real Estate Utility Generator Token

Utility Token

Purpose

Enables generation of CROWD. Reflects the
owner’s share of time-value of Crowdvilla
properties

Enables booking of Crowdvilla properties and
services

Lifespan

In perpetuity

Single use. CROWD are burned after use.

Initial Supply

Depends on initial token sale

Depends on quantity of Crowdvilla tokens

Future Supply

Depends on the portfolio size

Generated in perpetuity by CRV owners

Crowdvilla asset value net of liabilities
divided by the number of Tokens outstanding

Extrapolated from rental prices in CROWD
and fiat market price

8 decimal places

8 decimal places

Logo
Official Name
Symbol (Ticker)
Contract Address
Type

Fundamental Value

Divisibility

Real World Link
The fundamental value of CRV and CROWD are derived from real world values. The value of CRV is linked
to the total value of the portfolio of properties because CRV token holders will have the utility rights on the
underlying properties within Crowdvilla’s portfolio. The value of CROWD is linked to the market price of the
daily rental of the properties because we the price listed on Crowdvilla’s platform will be in CROWD which
will create a two-way soft peg between CROWD price and daily rental rate. For example: If the price of a
room is 1 CROWD per night, and the price of similar room in the market (on other platforms) is at USD 100
per night, then there will be a soft-peg created between those values.

21

Point Generation Mechanics
Zero Ether Transaction (ZET) Mechanics

Token holders will earn CROWD on the CRV held by performing a Zero ETH Transaction (ZET). CRV holders
can choose to lock-up their CRV for a 1-month, 3-month or 6-month period. During the lock-up period,
CRV cannot be tradable but will generate CROWD. Once the lock-up period has elapsed, the CRV become
tradable again. Token owners can repeat the ZET to earn more CROWD.

Bonus Multipliers
The generation rates of CROWD are subject to bonus multipliers that reward CRV holders for longer lock-up
periods. These bonus multipliers are detailed in the table of examples below.

Distribution of Points
50% of the CROWD generated will be distributed immediately once the ZET is triggered and the CRV are
locked-up. The balance 50% of CROWD will be distributed in monthly instalment(s) such that the last
instalment falls on the last day of the lock-up period.

22

Examples of CROWD Generation and Lock-Up Periods
Option

Choice A

Choice B

Choice C

1 month

3 months

6 months

1,000 CRV

1,000 CRV

1,000 CRV

1,000 CROWD

1,000 CROWD

1,000 CROWD

1 month

3 months

6 months

1,000 CROWD

3,000 CROWD

6,000 CROWD

1x

1.25x

1.5x

1,000 CROWD

3,750 CROWD

9,000 CROWD

Crowdvilla NPO Allocation (50%)

500 CROWD

1,875 CROWD

4,500 CROWD

Crowdvilla Operation Partner (15%)

150 CROWD

562.5 CROWD

1,350 CROWD

REIDAO - Technology Partner (5%)

50 CROWD

187.5 CROWD

450 CROWD

Token Holder’s Allocation (30%)

300 CROWD

1,125 CROWD

2,700 CROWD

Distribution (Day 1)

150 CROWD

562.5 CROWD

1,350 CROWD

Distribution (Month 1)

150 CROWD

187.5 CROWD

225 CROWD

Distribution (Month 2)

-

187.5 CROWD

225 CROWD

Distribution (Month 3)

-

187.5 CROWD

225 CROWD

Distribution (Month 4)

-

-

225 CROWD

Distribution (Month 5)

-

-

225 CROWD

Distribution (Month 6)

-

-

225 CROWD

Lock Up Period
Tokens Locked (CRV)
Base Monthly CROWD Generation Rate*
No of Month(s)
Base Point Generated
Multiplier Rate
Total Generated Points

Note: This table aims to show the different mechanisms of the point generation with different lock-up periods.
* This is the base rate of CROWD generation.

Self-Sustaining Model
Crowdvilla operates a self-sustaining model that does not require further infusions from CRV holders to pay
for expenses. CROWD tokens generated from CRV Tokens held by partners may be converted into fiat to
pay for operational costs such as salaries, taxes, and other operational expenses (housekeeping,
maintenance, concierge services). Excess fiat or CROWD after expenses will be used to invest in upgrades.
Ground Operations
Utilities
services and resources
to operate properties

Taxes

(CROWD may be converted to fiat if necessary)

Staff Costs
Etc

23

Points Stabilizers
The generation rate of CROWD can vary on different dates on which a ZET is performed to ensure a fair
marketplace for the CROWD. Smart Contracts allow platform administrators to change inputs that influence
the base generation rate for CROWD, Bonus Multipliers, and distribution periods of CROWD. These inputs
are subject to supply-demand stabilization algorithms to manage volatility in the value of CROWD, taking
into account:
● The expected total CROWD to be generated on a day to cover advance booking needs
● The velocity of circulation of CROWD within the Crowdvilla economy

Ancillary VIP Token (REI Token)
REIDAO, the platform builder of Crowdvilla, will generate VIP Tokens known as REI Tokens. Although REI
tokens are not native to Crowdvilla, holders of REI can earn rebates on the CROWD used to book for their
hotel stays. Percentage of rebates are subject to the number of REI they hold, as shown in the table below.

Membership Tier

REI in Lock-Up

CROWD Rebate

Tier 1

1,000 REI

70%

Tier 2

100 REI

30%

Tier 3

1REI

10%

Please see https://reidao.io/reitoken.pdf for more details.

24

Future​ ​Refinement​ of Platform Parameters
Crowdvilla will make future refinement of the platform parameters as required. Crowdvilla will monitor,
review and optimize its overall cost base for the community’s benefit. Its obligations to public reporting
facilitates transparency on this agenda. The CROWD retained or monetized by Crowdvilla will ultimately still
contribute to the reference value of the asset tokens, thus benefiting CRV holders.

Polling for Decisions
As the Tokens are utility tokens, they do not come with voting rights that are similar to equity shares. The
latter are bona fide securities, which the Tokens are not. However, to drive the decentralisation agenda,
Crowdvilla will run a non-binding polling mechanism with Token holders (in a manner of carbon-vote like
mechanism) as consultation for considerations in key decisions such as purchase of properties for the
community, appointments of operational vendors and other material decisions.

25

Initial Token Sale
Overview
The Initial Token Sale to pool contributions from the community to kickstart Crowdvilla’s portfolio is the first
official engagement between the community and Crowdvilla. The Token sale will be compliant with
applicable laws in Singapore and other markets such as Hong Kong, Japan, Thailand, and Germany.

The Initial Token Sale offers one-off sweeteners​: Token Bonus, Special One-off Points Generation Event,
and Special One-off REI Giveaway (discussed further in later sections).

The diagram below shows a one-time special case for the Initial Token Sale, in which REIDAO will issue REI
for free to participants:

Crowdvilla will use ETH as the main cryptocurrency for the Token Sale. The minimum participation amount
for the token sale will be 1 ETH. Every participant will receive a base rate of 4,000 CRV, 4,000 CROWD and
5 REI tokens in return for each ETH contributed. All tokens are locked up until the end of the token sale.

26

Basic Token ​Generation​ ​Rate for Initial Token Sale
During the Initial Token Sale, 1 ETH Contributed = 4,000 CRV (before bonuses) + 4,000 CROWD (before
bonuses) + 5 REI. The price of the ETH is as per market rate.

Soft Cap and Goal
In the Initial Token Sale, the Soft Cap is 10,000 ETH, meaning, contributions will be returned if amount of
total proceeds is less than the Soft Cap amount. During this sale, the Goal is 50,000 ETH, meaning the last
contribution to hit or cross the Goal amount will stop the sale process immediately. The last contribution will
be accepted in whole, so there is a possibility for spillover above the Goal.

Duration of the Pre Sale and Public Token Sale
The Pre Sale duration is 6-31 August 2018 and the Public Sale duration is 3-28 September 2018. The Initial
Token Sales will be held on https://grid.gbx.gi/.

Bonus Tokens
Pre sale contributors will be eligible to receive a 30% bonus on top of the Basic Token Generation Rate. The
Pre sale duration is 6-31 August 2018.

Contributors who contribute in 3-16 September 2018 of the Public Token Sale will be eligible to receive a
20% bonus on top of the Basic Token Generation Rate. Eg: For 1 ETH, the contributor will receive 4,800
CRV instead of 4,000 CRV. Contributors who contribute in 17-28 September of the Public Token Sale, will
not be eligible for any bonus Tokens.

27

Special One-off Points ​Generation​ ​Event
By the end of the Initial Token Sale, participants will get the same number of Crowdpoint tokens (CROWD)
for the Crowdvilla Tokens (CRV) they receive. This is a one-off event​, intended to create a market buffer for
CROWD availability.

​Special One-off REI​ Giveaway
As a one-off gesture of appreciation for early supporters in the Initial Token Sale to help kickstart
Crowdvilla, REIDAO will give away free REI tokens to all participants based on their contribution amounts in
ETH. For every ETH contributed, REIDAO will allocate 5​ ​REI​ to the contributor.
For more information on REI, see www.reidao.io/reitoken.pdf

Allocation Budget
The Initial Token Sale is focused towards asset acquisitions. There is no lock up period for these allocations.
As mentioned under the Token Sale Distribution section, REIDAO will be allocated 20% of total Tokens
generated with respect to the Initial Token Sale. The amount of tokens will only be determined after the total
amount of Tokens generated for participants is known. The tokens for REIDAO will be used for marketing,
development, operations, advisory, key management, audits, maintenance and other related expenses.

Below lists the distribution of the utilisation of the ETH raised.

28

Token Sale Summary
Crowdvilla Ltd
UEN: 201810279G

Seller

Address: 9, Temasek Boulevard, #04-03, Suntec Tower Two, Singapore 038989
Website

Project Summary

Ticker

https://crowdvilla.io
Crowdvilla is launching an initial token sale to acquire and operate holiday properties for its
community to share.
CRV
200,000,000 CRV Tokens for 50,000 ETH in initial public token sale

Initial Token Total Supply of
CRV

40,000,000 CRV Tokens in Bonuses
Total: 240,000,000 CRV Tokens

Token Price per CRV

1 CRV = 0.00025 ETH, exclusive of transaction fees.
Minimum purchase amount for initial public token sale is 4000 CRV = 1 ETH.

Initial Token Sale Date

Pre Sale 3-31 August 2018. Public Sale 6-28 September 2018.

Accepted Payment

ETH transfer to smart contract address stated on https://crowdvilla.io

Distribution Date

~ October 2018. Official date to be announced.

Blocked Countries

Australia, Malaysia

Use of Contributions

Token Distribution

29

Target Markets for Operations
Target Markets
Crowdvilla will target mainly properties in Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia and Thailand from the proceeds of the
token sale. These locations are generally popular with the Asia Pacific travellers for whom, the initial
marketing of spare capacity of the properties (fiat-paying public) will be a focus.

30

HOLIDAY HOMES

Disclaimer: This is one of the shortlisted property in Bali, Indonesia, which, if
purchased, would be made available for token holders. This is not a
representation of the average standard of properties under Crowdvilla’s
portfolio. Crowdvilla aims to purchase a variety of properties with different
levels of luxury.

31

Disclaimer: This is one of the shortlisted property in Bali, Indonesia, which, if
purchased, would be made available for token holders. This is not a
representation of the average standard of properties under Crowdvilla’s
portfolio. Crowdvilla aims to purchase a variety of properties with different
levels of luxury.

32

Disclaimer: This is one of the shortlisted property in Bali, Indonesia, which,
if purchased, would be made available for token holders. This is not a
representation of the average standard of properties under Crowdvilla’s
portfolio. Crowdvilla aims to purchase a variety of properties with different
levels of luxury.

33

Disclaimer: This is one of the shortlisted property in Bali, Indonesia, which,
if purchased, would be made available for token holders. This is not a
representation of the average standard of properties under Crowdvilla’s
portfolio. Crowdvilla aims to purchase a variety of properties with different
levels of luxury.

34

Disclaimer: This is one of the shortlisted property in Bali, Indonesia, which,
if purchased, would be made available for token holders. This is not a
representation of the average standard of properties under Crowdvilla’s
portfolio. Crowdvilla aims to purchase a variety of properties with different
levels of luxury.

35

Technology
Crowdvilla is developed initially on the Ethereum blockchain, with utilization of its Smart Contracts and the
ERC20 token standard. This section contains the flowcharts for the various Smart Contracts that are used by
Crowdvilla and explains how the Token Sale interacts with Smart Contracts and the Token Sale Platform.

Nonetheless, Crowdvilla and REIDAO are in principle network-agnostic and may transfer to other networks
subject to scalability requirements. Should this happen we will do a snapshot of the current token holder
addresses, and will allocate the same number of tokens on the new chain.

Token Sale Platform (GBX Grid)
The Token Sale will be done through GBX Grid.

Smart Contract Source Code
Crowdvilla smart contracts are developed with Solidity version 0.4.18. They will be deployed on Ethereum
mainnet (public network). The source code is available at https://github.com/REIDAO/crowdvilla-token-sale

36

Point Generation Smart Contract
As mentioned before, Crowdvilla Token (CRV) holders can activate a ZET (Zero Ether Transaction) to
generate Crowdpoint tokens (CROWD) from their CRV. The CROWD Generation Smart Contract flowchart
is shown below:

37

Roadmap

38

Key Risks & Mitigations
In addition to a variety of issues discussed above, the following table outlines other risks to be considered:

Risks

Mitigants

Legacy Claims

Historical claims related to the property will likely be limited to previous owner
as Crowdvilla only conducts purchases of un-mortgaged properties. If
necessary, further indemnities and guarantees would be secured in the SPA
during the acquisition process.

Reversal of synthetic
asset acquisitions

To buy back full rights to the property, the legal asset owner must deliver to
Crowdvilla sufficient Tokens with value equal to fair value of the property (plus
if any, exit penalties and costs). Those Tokens will be extinguished and would
not dilute other Token holders.

Volatility in Price of
CROWD in Fiat

Clear pricing in CROWD for each room will create a two-way softpeg
between CROWD and the market value of each room in fiat, reducing the
volatility of CROWD.

commence

39

Legal Structure
Crowdvilla is based and regulated (as a Non-Profit Organisation) in Singapore, which has a structurally
stronger regulatory enforcement regime than traditional offshore locations. Crowdvilla has the sole mandate
of facilitating the utilization of shared holiday properties within its portfolio.
commence

The Crowdvilla NPO is the legal vehicle to own and maintain the properties under the portfolio. As an NPO
there will be no shareholder who will benefit directly from Crowdvilla. All surpluses will be retained directly
by the NPO, and used to expand its asset footprint across its global network for the benefit of its community.

There is no way to create a fully decentralized platform with community-owned assets at this point. Using
an NPO structure is a close approximation to such a decentralized utopia. Operating an NPO in a highly
regulated jurisdiction such as Singapore also demonstrates Crowdvilla’s willingness to meet legal obligations
demanded by a country with a reputation for incorruptibility and just governance.

External Audit & Audit Committee
The NPO will be subject to external audit on its financial and overall operational activities. An Audit
Committee will also be in place to oversee decisions made by the board of directors and the executive
director.

Annual (or more frequent) reporting
As highlighted by the US National Council of Nonprofits, “annual reports can be used to highlight a
nonprofit’s mission and impact”. This is a valuable principle for Crowdvilla. Crowdvilla will consult other
NPOs to set up a framework for its reporting activities. The reports will be made available online as and
when they are available.

40

Securities Regulations
Crowdvilla has obtained legal opinions in several jurisdictions (Singapore, Hong Kong, Japan, Thailand, and
Germany) that the CRV and CROWD Tokens have low risks of being classified as securities. Part of the
reasoning is that the Tokens do not confer any legal ownership rights to the underlying real estate, and are
purely enabling the use of the properties. These opinions may provide some comfort to participants who
wish to contribute to the project.

Timeshare is not a regulated financial activity in Singapore. Therefore, neither Crowdvilla nor its affiliates are
currently regulated or subject to the supervision of any regulatory body in Singapore. In particular,
Crowdvilla and its affiliates are not registered with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) as any type
of regulated financial institution of financial advisor and are not subject to the standards imposed upon such
persons under the Securities and Futures Act, Financial Advisors Act, and other related regulatory
instruments.

CRV and CROWD Tokens are a “medium of exchange” of Crowdvilla only. They are not intended to be
regulated financial products of any kind.

41

Key Fact Sheet
Crowdvilla Ltd
Seller

UEN: 201810279G
Address: 9, Temasek Boulevard, #04-03, Suntec Tower Two, Singapore 038989

Website

https://crowdvilla.io

Organisation’s Member(s)

Reitech Pte Ltd (REIDAO)

Key Stakeholders

Darvin Kurniawan, Hendrik Tanjaya Tan, David Chandra, Neo Kok Beng

Asset Management Partner

Pacific Star Development (Award-winning property developer in ASEAN countries and
SGX-listed company)

Smart Contract Auditor

New Alchemy

Monthly Progress Updates

https://crowdvilla.io/category/progress-updates/

Technical Repository

https://github.com/reidao

Communication Channel

Email: connect@crowdvilla.io
Telegram: https://t.me/reidao

42

Team

Neo Kok Beng
Co-Founder, Chairman
Neo Kok Beng is an award-winning technology entrepreneur and venture catalyst, specializing in the technology
commercialization of research and inventions from universities and research institutes into high-growth and highly
scalable companies.
His innovative “global-oriented ventures” have won numerous international and local awards, including the
President’s Design Award (2014), NUS Promising Startups (2013) and the US Government for Innovation Initiative
(2012).
He is currently an adjunct associate professor at NUS and is Faculty for Innovations at Harvard, Stanford and
Tsinghua Universities. He has successfully licensed products to international companies, and has achieved more
than USD100 million valuations for his portfolio.
He has built up a portfolio of highly-scalable and global companies with deep-science in the areas of Biomedical,
Financial and Space technologies – through a unique acceleration program that is “GlobalBusiness & World-Class”
in approach.
He is currently the Co-Founder and Chairman of REIDAO Pte Ltd, as well as the Co-Founder/Director of AWAK
Technologies, a technology spin-off from UCLA that is developing the platform technology for sorbent-based
dialysis generation and the 1st world peritoneal-based automated wearable artificial kidney.
He has catalysed several high-tech ventures in the MedTech, FinTech, SpaceTech and Consumer Lifestyle
industries.
He was previously involved in an non-executive role with a failed 3D printer start-up called Pirate3D. Uncertainty in
the supply-chain and manufacturing process and development ultimately contributed to its demise.

Darvin Kurniawan
Co-Founder, CEO
Darvin is the CEO of REIDAO and Crowdvilla. He is a successful serial entrepreneur with more than 10 years of
experience in multiple countries with iLodge.sg and Studi Rusia to name a few. A graduate from the National
University of Singapore, he is known as “the idea and execution guy”. Darvin is a big supporter of social
entrepreneurship and is also passionate about Blue Ocean Strategy. He strives to include BOS thinking in his daily
decision-making process. (BOS has helped to create Nintendo Wii, and Air Asia, among other great things.)
Darvin has been invited to be on panels of many blockchain and real estate events, including Malaysia Property
Show 2018, Property & Strata Conference 2018, Travel Tech Con 2018 and many more.
As an early member of ACCESS and SGTECH, Darvin is on the committee for blockchain rulings with the Monetary
Authority of Singapore as well as a participant on the ISO committee for Spring Singapore. Darvin is a noteworthy
contributor to the Singapore blockchain space.

43

Team

David Chandra
Co-Founder, COO
David is the Co-Founder and COO of REIDAO and Crowdvilla. With 10 years of experience in the real estate
industry, David taps on his knowledge to come up with new ideas and solutions that add value to the way people
live.
David has also co-founded IZEMU, a Indonesia-based design house that specialises in solid wood furniture and
everyday lifestyle products.
David is a graduate of the National University of Singapore, with a Bachelor of Computing, E-Commerce.

Hendrik Tanjaya Tan
Co-Founder, CTO
Hendrik is the Co-Founder and CTO of REIDAO and Crowdvilla. Before co-founding Crowdvilla, Hendrik held
various consulting roles in the telecommunications industry with Nokia, Alcatel-Lucent, TechMahindra, Singtel, and
Accenture.
He has acquired years of experience working with teams from EMEA and APAC, with major engagements in
Singapore, Sydney, Jakarta, Riyadh, and London. He is an expert in leadership, software development, project
management, infrastructure, technical consultancy on both small and large projects.
With a Bachelor of Computing from the National University of Singapore, Hendrik is well equipped with the
technological knowledge and experience to develop the technical teams and infrastructure for Crowdvilla to
support a global presence.

44

Team

TAN Wee Liang Prof.
Advisor (Legal)
Professor Tan is a full-time faculty member and Associate Professor of Strategic Management at the Lee Kong
Chian School of Business, Singapore Management University.
Professor Tan is a prolific researcher and writer, with over 200 journal articles and books published. His areas of
expertise include Entrepreneurship, Corporate Management, Small and Medium-sized Enterprises, Corporate
Governance, Family Businesses, and Strategic Alliances.
Besides research and writing, Professor Tan has been invited to many talks and conducted multiple panels.

Vanessa Koh
Chief of Product
Vanessa Koh is a Techpreneur and Start-up Specialist who partners with C-Suite Executives to engineer the best
customer-centric products and deliver multimillion dollar revenues.
Vanessa has started 4 tech start-ups since 2010. She has worked in the capacities of CEO, CTO, and CMO, and is
experienced in growing a team of 2 to 30 within 12 months. She recruits and mentors the brightest talents and
works with partners around South East Asia for SAAS Infrastructure, Software and Web Applications
Development, Enterprise Resource Planning Systems, Smart Contract, Blockchain, Public Relations in Tech, Internet
Marketing, Blockchain and Crypto Communities. Her past clients include Accenture, Spring Singapore, and
hundreds of Small and Medium Enterprises.
Vanessa believes that continuous self-learning, small and quick iterative improvements, and hands-on execution
are the driving forces to grow start-ups fast. She applies lean start-up and game theory concepts in her work.
Vanessa holds a Bachelor of Computer Science in Game Design from the University of Wollongong.

45

Advisors
Darren Chua
Asset Management Advisor
VP, Pacific Star Development
Darren Chua is the Vice-President (Legal) of Pacific Star Development. He is also a Co-Founder of Fairway
Resources, a private investment holding company based in Singapore with projects and investments across the
ASEAN region.
A graduate from the National University of Singapore Double Degree Programme with degrees in Law and in
Business Administration, Darren began his career practicing law in Singapore. He was previously a corporate
lawyer specializing in Mergers & Acquisitions and Corporate Finance in two leading Singapore law firms. His areas
of expertise include corporate structuring, business strategy and project management.
Darren has been and continues to be involved in a wide range of projects across industries, ranging from property
development, real estate advice, legal work, commodities, business consultancy, to trading and financial technology.
A firm believer in utilizing a holistic approach to create value for all stakeholders in his projects (both commercially
and socially), Darren continually seeks to inject creativity, zeal and fun into his work. He also enjoys networking and
learning from people across all industries and backgrounds.

Paul Chen
Real Estate Advisor, Asia
Director, RealFoundations
Paul Chen is a Lead Managing Consultant with RealFoundations with 20+ years of real estate experience in North
America and Asia. Paul has worked with some of the largest real estate investors, developers, and operators in Asia
and the Middle East. He has helped real estate companies to improve operating platforms and to enhance
performance through optimizing business processes, organizational capabilities, and technology accelerators. Over
the past few years, Paul has worked with real estate companies to develop data models and forward-looking
analytics
capabilities
to
increase
transparency
and
enhance
performance.
Paul is active with industry organizations and is a frequent presenter at real estate conferences. Paul has
contributed to the APREA Best Practices Handbook by writing a “how to” implementation guide, and has
presented at the APREA Best Practices Awards. He is also a Vice-Chairman of the China Real Estate Chamber of
Commerce, Hong Kong Chapter, an organization devoted to bridging business opportunities among Greater China
real
estate
businesses.
Paul has an undergraduate degree in Economics from UC Berkeley and received his MBA from the University of
North Carolina. He is also fluent in both Mandarin and Cantonese.

46

Advisors
Achim Jedelsky
Real Estate Advisor, Europe
Head of Processes/IT, Daimler Real Estate
Achim worked as an architect and project manager in Germany and the UK, and completed an MBA at Vlerick
Business School in Belgium before joining Daimler Real Estate in Berlin where he is responsible for IT and
processes. In 2016, he initiated the Daimler Blockchain Group and started the Berlin Chapter of the International
Blockchain
Real
Estate
Association
(IBREA).
A speaker at MIPIM Cannes and Blockchain Expo Berlin, he promotes innovation in real estate with a focus on
blockchain technology. As a founding member of the Bundesverband Blockchain (German Blockchain Association),
he supports the inclusion of blockchain and distributed ledger technologies (DTL) in the political agenda.
Achim is a corporate digital innovator and blockchain enthusiast who uses his experience in agile management to
improve processes and the collaboration between experts of various kind. Most recently he is focussing on
innovating the Real Estate industry by using the advantages of blockchain technology.

John Dean Markunas
Real Estate Advisor, America
Leader, Land Titling Working Group, Government Blockchain Association
John Dean Markunas is the Principal Consultant for Power of Chain (PoC) Consultancy, which provides
due-diligence services and on-the-ground research identifying and promoting strategic growth opportunities for
companies entering the global real estate industry markets with Blockchain.
John troubleshoots the problems that users are likely to have at some point in their experience on the new
Blockchain related applications and platforms.
John has a reputation for successfully partnering with clients and helping transform their business, leveraging
consulting services to reduce costs and risk, and improving the quality of product and service performance.
John has a B. S. degree in Business Administration from Florida State University. He also holds an M.B.A. in Finance
and Marketing from the University of San Francisco, CA. He has authored numerous articles on the Latin American
and Brazilian system of real estate conveyance and the use of title insurance in Central and Latin America. He is
fluent in Spanish and Portuguese.

47

Advisors
Federico Folcia
Short Term Accommodation Advisor
CEO, Roomorama. MD, Powerhouse Venture
Federico Folcia is MD and founder of Powerhouse Venture, a Singapore based innovation firm helping start ups and
brick & mortar companies leverage technology to improve their bottom line and overall efficiency.
Prior to Powerhouse Venture he was the CEO and co-founder of Roomorama, a New York based B2B hospitality
company that grew to more than a million travelers worldwide. He is well equipped with the knowledge and
experience of navigating the short-term accommodation industry.
Federico has also worked for Bloomberg LP and Brunswick Group both in New York and London.

Chris
Crypto Advisor
Co-Founder, MMCrypto
Chris graduated in economics at top of his class. His biggest strength are growth accounting and the strict value
driven evaluation of ICOs. A well documented and track record supports that.

Anup
Crypto Advisor
Co-Founder, MMCrypto
Anup is a Mechanical Engineering student and a blockchain enthusiast. He’s very interested in the tech aspect of
projects and analyzes them based on their functionality, scalability, and everyday use. He is motivated to shed light
on the applicability of projects and see them go a long way.

Kero
Crypto Advisor
Co-Founder, MMCrypto
Kero’s greatest interest is the strategic evaluation of ICOs and the professional investment in good projects. He
combines his academically acquired skills in international and national business law with his analytical skills in the
ICO area.

48

Partners & Associations

49

Contact
Crowdvilla Website: https://crowdvilla.io/
For more updates, subscribe to our website and blog at https://crowdvilla.io/blog.
For more questions, visit https://crowdvilla.io/faq to view our complete list of FAQ.

Please feel free to connect with us:
https://reddit.com/r/crowdvilla
https://t.me/reidao
https://medium.com/@crowdvilla
https://github.com/reidao
https://www.facebook.com/crowdvillaio/
https://twitter.com/crowdvillaio
https://www.instagram.com/crowdvillaio/
connect@crowdvilla.io

Crowdvilla Ltd has no information to disclose under paragraph 2.4(a) of the Whitepaper Guidelines.
The GBX Market is not a ‘regulated market’ as defined under the Directive on Markets in Financial Instruments 2004/39/EC.

