White Paper
January 2018

CryptoPing White Paper, January 2018

2

Contents
Abstract

3

Problem

4

Solution

5

Project

6

Future

7

Token and Subscription

8

Contacts

9

CryptoPing White Paper, January 2018

3

Abstract
Cryptocurrency markets are so vibrant and eventful nowadays that it’s hard to keep track
of what’s going on with every single coin. Crypto traders pour large amounts of effort and
time into interpreting charts in different ways, reading forums and Twitter feeds and
gathering information about coins from other sources in attempts to predict market trends
and make profitable trades. Crypto markets are volatile, making the task even harder.
Shilling and other forms of disinformation (like spreading FUD — fear, uncertainty,
disorder), or even just false promises from coin developers quite often stop traders on their
quest for profit.

CryptoPing White Paper, January 2018

4

Problem
In 2017, a sharp surge of new crypto traders is boosting trading volumes and rates of
almost every alternative cryptocurrency (altcoins) and Bitcoin itself. That also makes prices
of some altcoins more volatile than before, while constantly growing Bitcoin price keeps
increasing traders’ stress levels. Bitcoin is losing its share in total crypto market
capitalization despite of its increasing value. Market capitalizations of some altcoins has
already exceeded hundreds of millions of dollars, and that’s only the beginning.
It’s impossible to factor in all the trends, events and subtleties that shape markets. Making
a good trade can be difficult even for experienced traders, let alone newcomers. New
traders don’t recognize market trends and can’t make good trading decisions. For people
who just have started to trade cryptocurrencies, the “what to buy” problem is important
now more than ever.

CryptoPing White Paper, January 2018

5

Solution
CryptoPing offers a solution — an assistant bot that can hint that market situation changes
and it might be a good time to buy a certain crypto asset. Bot employs market watching
and analysis algorithms that are already tested and verified in practice. Users can easily
sign up and activate the bot and start to get signals from exchanges right away. Being
experienced or new trader, no user gets any advantage over other bot users, because all
users receive all signals at the time. It’s up to traders to weigh the market in signals’
context and make all trading decisions by themselves.
To cover most of the devices and platforms and deliver signals on time we’ve decided to
use messengers. Everyone uses them anyway, so the solution to signal delivery platform
is already there: the bot looks to users just like another chat contact. The bot has all
necessary commands to manage notifications, and the interface is friendly enough even
for people who have no prior experience with bots or trading.
Bot signals look simple yet have just right amount of information, despite of complex inner
works of the service itself. Users receive signal messages that include:
— coin ticker;
— link to an exchange that produced the signal;
— trading volume difference for the last hour;
— change to the coin rate to BTC;
— amount of signals on the coin for the last 7 days;
— coin market capitalization value in USD.
This information proved to be sufficient to decide at a glance whether to look into a
signaled coin. All further analysis has to be performed by traders and the result will depend
on their experience, interests and goals.
Additionally we’re building a platform for social trading, that will be useful to both new and
experienced traders. Pro traders will be able to publish their trading results by signals
daily, and new traders will be able to follow pros and copy their trades for a small
subscription fee.

CryptoPing White Paper, January 2018

6

Project
Project core has several parts that are responsible for:
— market data being assembled individually by coin;
— situation and trend analysis by coin;
— looking for similar coin behavior in the past;
— making decisions on signal initiation;
— generating signals and tracking their results;
— sending signals to users;
— analyzing signal quality and providing feedback for decision-making system.
The Telegram bot is a separate part of the project, integrated with the core. Slack and
Discord bot are available. Being able to switch between signal delivery platforms is equally
important for users and us, the team, because recent messenger bans by governments in
different countries raise all kinds of concerns.
We have plans to release a standalone application that will receive bot signals much like
messenger apps. The application will be integrated with the system core more closely,
allowing us to develop automatic trading functionality that will be a lot less vulnerable to
hacking than existing server-based trading apps.

CryptoPing White Paper, January 2018

7

Future
Early bot adopters have already discovered the quality and utility of bot signals. There are
about one thousand of altcoins out there, nobody can track everything, and the bot works
just right: there are numerous cases when it sent signals right before a coin pump or even
long before that.
At the moment CryptoPing is just a bot that helps with tracking price movements and coin
pumps on several exchanges. We want it to evolve into a platform where every beginner in
crypto markets can get necessary information and community support, and start trading
quickly.
When we say “support” we mean online tutorials, following experienced traders that secure
from most of risky trades, and market situation coverage that is actually on point.
We also have plans to develop an auto-trading app that will be released only after system
algorithms are meticulously re-tested and optimized. We want auto-trading to work in fireand-forget mode, and are looking forward to delivering steady profits to our users.
We are concerned that users without deep enough technical knowledge provide third-party
trading services with API keys from their accounts on exchanges. When third-party
services get hacked, the perpetrators gain access to users’ API keys and start trading to
their benefit using accounts of others, while regular users just lose assets. We will not
store any keys on CryptoPing servers, thus accessing them by hacking our systems will be
impossible. All API keys will be stored on users’ devices only and won’t be transmitted to
CryptoPing services at all.

CryptoPing White Paper, January 2018

8

Token and Subscription
Name

CryptoPing

Ticker

PING

Initial supply

10,000,000

Platform

Waves

We have chosen Waves platform for a reason. A lot of CryptoPing users are either new to
crypto markets or to trading in general, and we want our token to work on a simple
platform that is easy to understand and use, while Waves are very welcoming towards new
people in crypto community. We believe that it’s more important to grow the community
than to race technologies and win blockchain coolness competitions.
Subscriptions will be paid in PING tokens. We will burn 75% of subscription fees during 6
months after subscription is introduced, and 25% of fees for a year after that.

CryptoPing White Paper, January 2018

Contacts
Website

http://cryptoping.tech

Twitter

@cryptoping

E-mail

admin@cryptoping.tech

9

