Curriculum Vitae
Always Be with You

CVH

Ⅰ The Reason Why Curriculum Vitae was Developed
The first step that the employers will take is to make selection from piles of resumes
especially when a multinational enterprise conducts a job interview, thousands of
hundreds of resumes will be piled up on the office desk, which makes it difficult for
personnel department to carefully select the most suitable person for the job and
make wrong judgments easily, resulting in an invisible loss of the enterprise. What’s
worse, someone, usually the job-hopper who switch jobs very frequently and those
who have criminal records, who wants to get the job by tampering their resumes. If
personnel department made wrong decisions to let these people in, they will do great
harm to the company in the future.
As a distributed ledger technology, blockchain can guarantee the authenticity, queryability, tamper-resistance and non-forgery of resumes due to its public query-ability,
tamper-resistance and non-forgery.
Blockchain will redefine recruitment industry for its simple and perfect design in the
future. Blockchain and recruitment industry can cooperate well because blockchain
and recruitment industry correspond to each other with a high degree in many ways.

Curriculum Vitae that depends on its authenticity will develop fast, play an
important role in the whole recruitment industry and eventually topple the whole
traditional recruitment industry.
Ⅱ Recruitment Marketplace
The prospect of recruitment industry: This is an industry is a long life green sector. Just
like eating and marriage, almost everyone need a job after their graduation therefore it
is a marketplace that can exist forever. Certainly, the need for recruitment industry will
grow steadily and the key now is the pattern of competition. Popular recruitment
platforms in China now are embarking on a program of reform in their ways and trying
to apply new patterns in their platforms. Therefore, there is huge demand in
recruitment industry in this period. Recruitment platforms have their possibilities to
get their shares in huge market, which increasingly requires personalized recruitment
services.
The problem of resource: So far, the most important core resource is resume. However,
there is no mature sns in China like LinkedIn or Facebook in America. There is nothing
that can replace resume as a core resource.
Core issue: The talented person websites are working notably on precise matching of
enterprises, jobs and persons, which are very difficult to informatization.
With rapid development of the application of Internet, the Internet has already rooted
itself deep into people’s everyday life. Undoubtedly, online recruitment will remain its
mainstream position in recruitment industry with the fast development of the Internet
in the future.
1. Subdivision of recruitment market will be the main direction in the future. With the
development increasingly doubled its market share, it has to continually face up to
the traditional disadvantages which need to be solved at once but unfortunately
failed. Subdivision of recruitment market can perfectly solve the problem that how
to allow the applicants to find more targeted information for themselves and by
what means can the enterprises find out the talented they want more precisely
according to their characteristics of different industries.
2. Innovation is the only way out. The experience of success due to innovation can be
applied to all industries, of course, including online recruitment industry. It is
because a lack of innovation in online recruitment industry that many giants in
recruitment industry collapsed. The patterns of online recruitment desperately
need innovation and achieve a breakthrough. The innovation is not only simply
focus on the product and technology but also profit pattern.
Ⅲ The Bottleneck of Recruitment Industry
1. A lack of confidentiality of resumes so anyone can download the resumes, which
can easily lead to personal information disclosure.
2. Too many forged resumes can lead to misjudgment of employers, resulting in
potential harm to the employers.
3. The employers have to spend lots of time and money in the preparation of
recruitment.

4. The applicants have to spend lots of time in finding jobs.
Ⅳ The Solution
1. To achieve the goal of the authenticity, query-ability, tamper-resistance and unforged of applicants’ resumes.
2. To achieve the goal of the authenticity, query-ability, tamper-resistance and unforged of employers’ information.
3. To achieve the goal of the symmetry of the application and recruitment
information, which allows the employers hire the best applicants in the shortest
time.
4. To achieve the goal of the symmetry of the application and recruitment
information, which allows the applicants find the most suitable jobs in the shortest
time.
In the system of Curriculum Vitae, it will be not only a platform for recruitment but a
intellectualized system, which can solve all the difficult problems that employers and
applicants are facing now.
Ⅴ Why Ethereum?
1. Ethereum
The concept was put forward by Vitalik Buterin, an intelligent boy between 2013 and
2014 with the purpose of developing a decentralized and next generation
cryptocurrency application platform. It began to develop by ICO in 2014. The whole
Ethereum system is made up of open source code, whose core is a public blockchain
platform based on its unique cryptocurrency, ETH. Ethereum provides its virtual
machine for decentralization, which allows a third-party developer to impel a smart
contract based on Ethereum conveniently. Ethereum virtual machine allows the thirdparty developer to reuse the core system of blockchain, defined by Ethereum, fast and
conveniently and focus itself on the application of blockchain. As a result of this, R & D
and application of distributed applications increasingly find favor in more and more
individuals’, teams’ and companies’ eyes, which makes the ecosystem of Ethereum, like
all flowers in boom, prosper with different apps developed.
Compared with most of other blockchain technology, Ethereum has the following
characteristics:
Smart contract: The contracted program, developed by the third-party developers, can
be stored on the node of Ethereum and run on every node. When it runs a program on
a specific node, the executor of program must pay to the miners or the owners of the
located node.
Uncle Block: Uncles are orphaned blocks that contribute to the security of the main
chain, but are not considered the canonical "truth" for that particular chain height.
Due to advances in blockchain research, it was shown that significantly lower block
times were possible and perhaps beneficial given the current connectivity of the
internet. One of the potential risks of a low block time is a higher rate of orphaned
blocks (competing mined blocks that do not make it into the main chain). To counter

this, a GHOST protocol is used which pays for these valid blocks, adding to the security
of the main chain. Instead of the main chain being "longest", it is instead "heaviest".
Proof-of-stake: The improvement of Proof of Work, which can save massive computing
resources when conducting a mining activity and avoid the centralization of Internet
caused by ASIC.
Ⅵ The System of Curriculum Vitae
1. The Structure of System
According to the bottleneck and disadvantages above-mentioned, we developed
our own blockchain system, Curriculum Vitae, which is based on Ethereum and
combines with the advantages of blockchain.
Curriculum Vitae is made up of three parts, namely, CVH coin, which circulates in
Curriculum Vitae system and based on ERC20 contract, the recruitment platform
system of Curriculum Vitae and points exchange system

Recruitment
platform
system

CVH coin

Point
exchange
system

2. CVH coin
CVH coin, which is developed on the basis of ERC20, can be easily listed on every
important cryptocurrency exchange platforms around the world. CVH coin will be
the token that circulates in Curriculum Vitae system, in order to perfect the
circulation of capital for the automatic generation of resumes and recruitment
platform. With the development and perfect of Curriculum Vitae, its ecosystem will
be increasingly abundant therefore CVH coin, the original CVH system token, will
be more and more useful.
The
employer

CVH
platform

CVH will appreciate
with the recharge
of point

Recharge
CVH

global
cryptocurrenc
y exchange
platform

View the
CV

circulation
of CVH

3. Recruitment platform of Curriculum Vitae
It is very convenient for the delivery of CV and the recruitment to establish a
recruitment platform. All information of CV remains confidential unless the
permission of the owner of CV. All employers’ information will be identified
carefully by our staffs guarantee the authenticity of employers’ information.
4. Point exchange system
The purpose of building a point exchange system in recruitment platform is the
embodiment of CVH coin’s value and its circulation in the platform so a value chain
can be constructed.

Ⅶ The Profit Patten

Ⅷ Partnership of Curriculum Vitae
1. Staffing
The core team of Curriculum Vitae is made up of partners who are consistent with one
goal, a group of high-efficient organizers, built in blockchain smart contract. The
members of partnership, based on the consensus of the application of blockchain of
Curriculum Vitae in the future, have consistent recognition of the operation and
development concept towards the company.
2. Main task
The partners of Curriculum Vitae are the founders, the executors and guarantors of
CVH coin’s smart contract. Built on the basis of blockchain, the smart contract was
designed to foresee the operation in the future and the achievements that can be
shared by Coparticipants. The members of partnership will provide effective and
strategical guidance and guarantee that CVH coin has sufficient practicability and
prospectiveness.
The partners, the administration of the company, are responsible for the current and
future interest of those holders who invest CVH coin and guarantee a healthy
operation of the system of CVH coin. We will provide outstanding UE for our customers
and investors. Our goal is to provide an open, fair and transparent government way.
3. The character of partnership
The partnership of Curriculum Vitae, built on openness, effective supervision and
transparence, is an innovative management. When the partnership was designed, the
essence of blockchain has already been applied in the operation of the company and
toppled traditional thinking of management and operation. The solution of partnership
combines directly with smart contract. It will convert traditional legal contracts, written
in the text, into blockchain language and put an end to the non-execution of legal
contracts. One-click voting chain makes partnership system an equitable, transparent
and natural smart execution order, instead of an empty resolution. There are decisionmaking and supervision in such area as strategic instruction, risk management
supervision, executive levels succession and other basic missions. Partnership system is
also the maintainer that keeps the token smart system working normally. To find out
problems, expose problems, review flaws and optimize mechanism, partnership

system fulfills the supervision responsibility though risk-foresight and mechanismimprovement. In future, through blockchain, the corporation will authorize the combat
power to the front in form of a smart agreement, represent all the token owners to
comprehensively supervise on the spot, manage the resume chains on multi platforms,
publish the breaking and unique information, lend an ear to the participants and take
actions accordingly to continuously optimize management, take good advantage of the
social media and address the transparence, communicate frankly to facilitate
effectively the operation of it, take effective publishing controls and programs to
guarantee reliable public reports.
Ⅸ The issuance and Supply of CVH Coin
Total CVH coin issuance is 1.9billion.
Early investors: 5% of CVH coin for early investors.
Founding team: 5% of CVH coin for core developers and founding team.
Strategic partners: 10% of CVH coin for strategic partners.
CVH platform: 50% of CVH coin for the circulation in the platform.
Reserved fund for development: 10% of CVH coin for development.
International ICO: 20% of CVH coin for ICO.

curriculum
vitae

global
cryptocurrency
exchange
platform

recruitment
platform

Roadmap
Ⅹ Introduction of Team

Technical Director: Andrew
University of Avignon
Master of Computer Science
Senior Software engineer

Technical Adviser: Bo Sun
Postdoctor of information
security
The expert in the application
of blockchain

Marketing Adviser：Jerry Stokes Freeze
Strategic Marketing Consultant.

Marketing Adviser：Heinrich Sebastian
Former CareerBuilder Digital Marketing recruitment
specialist.

Adviser：Peter Lee
former marketing specialist of APAC
in 918JobBank and a skilled blockchain investor.

Adviser：Wei Lau
a cutting-edge blockchain marketing expert and
experienced blockchain investor,who determinds to be
a blockchain promoter in China

Ⅺ Disclaimer
The token economy is relatively new and incredibly innovative. Tokens could be
impacted by regulatory actions, including restrictions on ownership, use, or
possession. There is no guarantee or expectation that CVH tokens purchased will
increase in value, provide a return, or will have sufficient adoption and liquidity to
enable exchange for other assets. Owning CVH tokens does not constitute a share of,
equity of, or ownership of the Curriculum Vitae platform. This document does not
constitute a prospectus of any sort, and is not an Initial Public Offering or Share/Equity
offering. The tokens involved with Curriculum Vitae do not in any way involve any form
of ordinary shares in Curriculum Vitae, and no dividends are guaranteed on CVH
tokens. Fiat currency is not accepted in the CVH coin crowdsale. Ethereum is an
experimental technology and all possible future risks cannot be enumerated here. CVH
coin is not responsible for any losses that may occur. Please exercise caution with all
cryptographic assets and do not invest money that you cannot afford to lose.

