CONTENTS
01
REAL-PRODUCT
02 BASED PLATFORM
CYCLEAN
03 CRYPTOCURRENCY
CYCLEAN
04 ECOSYSTEM
PRODUCT
05 INTRODUCTION
PLATFORM
06 EXPANSION
APPENDIX
07
INTRODUCING
CYCLEAN

Problem of recent ICO landscape
Solution and Suggenstion
Expected Synergy
Our Experienced Partner

CyClean ICO
Marketing
Cryptocurrency Identity
Core Developers

How to get CyClean Coin. Green Emission
CyClean Airdrop & Donation & Partnership
Smart Rental Service
Token Economy

CyClean Indoor Bicycle
CyClean Wearable Band
CyClean Bicycle
CyClean Motorbike
CyClean Car
CyClean ESS sunlight unit
Roadmap
Product Line
Service Scope
CyClean Franchise
Towards Full Platform
Carbon Credit / Carbon Offset / Carbon Project

WHITE PAPER
ENG VER

JOIN THE CLEAN CYCLE

INTRODUCING CYCLEAN
We all share a universal ecosystem and numerous mutual problems within such ecosystem. It seems like it is underneath the carpet but it is growing rapidly every day and
deepening more intensely than we think. Surely, anyone has heard about the environmental problems at least once and there have been many efforts to combat such imminent problem. But we can confidently say those are not enough and more innovative
approach is required that can permeate through B2C and B2B markets. We mainly
focused on problems of exhaust fumes and energy production which are two major
problems of environmental issues and additionally, we are promoting green sports as a
minor subject of our CyClean Platform.

Renowned MIT studies (Fabio et al. “Air pollution and early deaths in the United
States. Part I: Quantifying the impact of major sectors in 2005", and Pease, "Traffic
pollution kills 5,000 a year in UK, says study") indicate that annually there are 53,000
deaths in US and 5,000 deaths in UK due to exhaust fumes alone. Also, there are
approximately 1.2 billion vehicles on roads worldwide and by 2035, the number will
increase to 2 billion. Also, motorbikes are heavily used in South East Asia and Japan
which are also major contributors of exhaust fumes.
Exhaust fumes not only endangers humanity’s health with toxic particles but also
endangers our ecosystem with greenhouse components (such as nitrogen, water vapor,
and carbon dioxide). Carbon monoxide is a colorless, tasteless component harmful to
human health which binds to the hemoglobin in our blood and causes symptoms of
carbon monoxide poisoning which includes lightheadedness, confusion, dizziness, and
headache when exposed extensively. Also, Hydrocarbons have dangerous long-term
effect to human health because it could cause cancer or impact bone marrow. According
to Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) in United States, benzene could be
the cause of leukemia. The list goes on with Sulfur dioxide, Soot, and Oxides of Nitrogen.
Also, it has been clear that previous ways of producing energy are not sustainable
to our ecosystem. Although the voice is unanimous, the solution for environmental
problems is in slow motion due to the constant demand of energy expenditure. We
believe more incentives and innovative designs are necessary to accelerate the green
1

INTRODUCING CYCLEAN
movement.
A study done by the American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine tracked
146,397 people, 77 percent of them children younger than 2 who had infections treated
in hospitals and clinics in Utah due to air pollution. Our young children are vulnerable to
the threat of air pollution.
Another study by Lancet Planetary Health found that the risk of bone fractures
among people over the age of 65 increased steadily as levels of air pollution ― specifically,
particulate matter smaller than 2.5 micrometers, or PM 2.5 ― went up. Rates were
almost 5 percent higher in areas with the highest concentrations of PM 2.5 than in those
with the lowest.
Solution to the problems described above are quite straightforward and agreeable,
if only acted with strength and speed: using clean energy and electric vehicles and
guiding the users to continue to use it, eventually replacing petroleum vehicles and
energy productions. Replacing petroleum vehicles with electric vehicles is not only good
for our cause but also economic for its users. The maintenance fee and management
effort become much smaller. Since bicycles and motorbikes are focused on short distance travel, its performance is more than capable for its prospective users. But we
believe just selling electrical bicycle and motorbike is not enough motivation for the
mass to transition to clean vehicles. Therefore, we suggest CyClean platform which
reinforces the clean cycle by benefiting the users for using the CyClean products.
Within our platform, users will be able to rent CyClean vehicles and products and get
emission (sort of mining) of CyClean coin by using such CyClean products. Later on,
CyClean coin will also support A/S and parts purchase service. This way of emission is
more advantageous than previous ways of mining cryptocurrency because it does not
waste enormous amount of electricity and it promotes long term usages of CyClean
products which eventually generates significant contribution to combat environmental
problems. With the gathered resource, CyClean platform will continue to expand and
strengthen the clean cycle. We will expand the electric motorbike sales to South East
Asian countries where the usages of motorcycles are extremely high. Here, we have
partnership with an organization that has long term sales experience at Asia region and
can provide price advantages and network advantages at sales business.

2

INTRODUCING CYCLEAN

예측*

Sourced from National Geographic Article, the trend is already very wide and
powerful. Sweden’s Volvo Car Group will only produce electrified models ― hybrids and
fully battery powered ― by 2019. Jaguar Land Rover will follow suit in 2020. VW has
pledged to become the world leader in electric vehicles by 2025. Even James Bond could
be driving an all-electric Aston Martin as soon as 2019. Governments are joining in.
Norway will ban the sale of fossil fuel-burning cars and vans in 2025. Governments in
the U.K., the Netherlands, and France have promised the same by 2040. Germany, home
of Volkswagen, Mercedes-Benz and Porsche, is talking about a similar ban. China just
announced it too will ban the sales of gasoline and diesel vehicles―though it has yet to
set a timetable. China is the world’s biggest car market, selling 20 million vehicles a
year. It already has more than 40 different electric vehicles available, most made by
Chinese companies. Because CyClean coin will be rewarded by CyClean products, the
valuation of CyClean coin will not solely depend on psychology of the mass crowd or
swindling international situations. The value of CyClean coin will grow alongside with an
actually functioning business. Contributors will be a tangible part of our clean cycle,
experiencing or witnessing the ecosystem with the utility of CyClean coins. Investors
will be able to observe and be assured that CyClean coins are being used as one of the
representative utility coins, and will also be able to use CyClean coins to rent CyClean
products if the user is within the service region.
3

REAL-PRODUCT BASED PLATFORM
ICO stands for Initial Coin Offering. It is rising as one of the most effective way of
participating to a crowdsale for various reasons. Firstly, it does not require tedious
procedure that prevents generic public from participating. With the announced cryptocurrency, anyone from the world can participate after a specific joining procedure at his
or her home. Secondly, because the participation encompasses global scale, it could
draw large amount of capital in a comparatively short period. This allows companies
with visions to plan a platform-scale crowdsale which makes enormous movement possible for entrepreneurs smaller than dinosaur corporations. Also, general public can
have an easy access to participate to a crowdsale that is happening in a distant area.
Thirdly, unlike stocks or derivative products, cryptocurrencies allow Satoshi unit participation and exchange based on market price thus the entrance level is lower and the
flexibility is larger for the general public. Lastly, cryptocurrencies are based on blockchain technology that is being called as the second internet or the internet of money so
the possession of cryptocurrency is not just about value but also about functionality. To
fulfill these advantages, we intend to present CyClean coin as a utility coin based on real
products.
For CyClean ICO, we tried to keep up to the highest standard of cryptocurrency market,
by abiding to KYC joining procedure, whitelist monitoring, not accepting ICO-banned
countries’ citizens, and clearly stating our terms of use and privacy policy. Also, to clear
possible concerns, we declare that CyClean ICO is based on an actual Singapore firm
called CyClean PTE. LTD. This firm will also serve as the technical consortium of various
companies joining to manufacture CyClean self-driving electric car in the future
although the consortium itself is not directly linked to our ICO. We are already in motion
for researching various related technologies and certifications. Details about R&D will
be shared at later sections.

4

REAL-PRODUCT BASED PLATFORM
- Problem of Recent ICO Landscape
For recent years, many ICOs collected giant amount of fund without providing real product or service at the time of ICOs. In another word, the coin they sold suggested future
profit based on an idea or a concept that would be fulfilled after 1 or 2 years after the
ICO, and as a result, 80~95% of the ICOs closed are being categorized as failure by communities and experts at crypto community such as Medium or coin forums (probably
due to the lack of responsibility to present tangible products after spending the fund).
This is because, unless registered and announced to be one, cryptocurrencies are
not appropriate to be an asset or securities (at least for current functionality which is
still at developmental phase). We are not pointing fingers or naming certain coins, but
we believe several ICOs are not fulfilling the responsibility compared to their size of
funds and confident claimer of visions.
We criticize that ICOs should have a meaningful and tangible foundation from the beginning of ICO and build up from there. Or else be sure to position itself as securities and be
under the watch of appropriate law for participator protection. We want to be a model
case for utility coin ICO therefore we base our blockchain platform on real products and
functioning services. One of the major reasons for blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies’ rapid growth was because it could safely store one’s value without being
concerned to be hacked (as long as conditions like 51% distribution are maintained).
Nevertheless, that was only the starting point. The true potentials of blockchain technology are yet to be revealed and demonstrated. We believe one of the potentials that
has become a reality is smart contract and this feature is quite fitting with rental services.
The management of rental properties and services can be revolutionized with smart
contract features. For example, with smart contract feature and augmentation, CyClean
motorbike could lock itself when the rental fee is not paid on time. But we are not just
aiming to adopt blockchain technology on rental service. We have a bigger goal of combating environmental problems in an effective and permanent way, and rental service
based on smart contract and green emission are the key for fulfilling such goal.
We aim to do beta-test during the main ICO and open service rafter the ICO as a model
case utility coin.

5

REAL-PRODUCT BASED PLATFORM
- Solution and Suggestion
There are reasons why several leading ICOs are held by long-experienced corporations
that have direct relation to the subject of such ICOs. The experience, built-in infrastructure, and resources saved for establishing an infrastructure varies significantly compared to a venture. Therefore, the market is revealing more appropriate cases to contributors as the initial phase of ICO market is passing by. When starting from a tangible
standpoint, an organization is not only experienced at such field but also capable of
integrating blockchain technology with the targeted field of business, accompanied with
top class full stack developers and blockchain developers.
Thus there is a lesser chance that an ICO project would raise question about why it
would even need blockchain technology and accompanied ICO procedure at the first
place. As stated, if the project content and blockchain does not have direct link or relation, it would mean the published coins have rather the property of asset or securities
than functionality of blockchain. Under universal business principles, one of the hardest
part of having a successful business is solidifying a good start, and fortunately we are
not new in the business field we
are aiming for. We do not need to worry about so called Death Valley of Ventures. Our
core partner is an experienced sales operator that has decades of sales experience and
has international branch on US, Japan, China, and Vietnam. Also, partners within
CyClean platform are pioneers at researching self-driving technology and electric cars.
Because we have the key of distribution and sales, we are not limited or bounded to a
specific product but we can include any top-quality products to be augmented as
CyClean product.
With the core developers of CyClean team and the development team underneath them,
we simply have to integrate blockchain technology on top of our experienced insights
and infrastructure and even that step will enter completion phase during the main ICO.

- Expected Synergy
Smart contract is a condition triggered, enforceable electronic contract, based on
the blockchain network that can encompass cryptocurrency payment and potentially
other execution of automated action. Like lines of code within a program, there could be
numerous possibility for smart contract feature. Because of blockchain technology, now
total strangers can trust each other and trade values without needing third party’s
guarantee. Furthermore, because of smart contract feature, now total strangers can
make a detailed deal with each other without needing third party’s guarantee.
6

REAL-PRODUCT BASED PLATFORM
The advantages of smart contract are quite significant to almost all kinds of business.
The most outstanding advantages are 1) Accuracy of Agreed Terms, 2) Transparency of
Ledger, 3) Clear Communication, 4) Speed Accounting, 5) Security, 6) Efficiency of Process, 7) Paper Free Feature, 8) Storage & Backup, 9) Savings, and 10) Trust. The central
point is that, smart contract makes digital and distant contract realistically possible
which was only possible by paper and personal signing before. Robust blockchain system
enforces terms to be executed once the condition are fulfilled.
Based on such innovative feature, we can enable smart rental system. As briefly mentioned above, traditional ways of managing rental infrastructure are quite tedious and
troublesome. As a result, there are numerous unsolved cases in rental business. For
example, many customers forget to pay the rental fee on time yet continues to use the
rental product without returning or paying. This may seem like a mundane incident but
these kinds of circumstances deter the management of rental system quite significantly
when accumulated. Now with smart contract, we can simply automate to lock the vehicle
or product for its functionality when rental fee is delayed over the defined threshold.
With this in mind, it is clear that electric vehicles are even more fitting to smart contract
rental service because it is easier to augment electric vehicles for automatic locking
feature than oil-base and mechanical vehicles. Fortunately, eco-friendly CyClean products are quite fitting for being computerized and being combined with wireless network.
Since there are very rare cases where smart contract features are actually being
used commercially and successfully, we believe this approach will have meaningful
contribution to the cryptocurrency market itself. Additionally, in the future, we plant to
accept CyClean coin as service fees for CyClean product A/S services and parts purchases. Enabling such comprehensive product and service scope will also be helpful for
maintaining stabilized market for CyClean coin.

- Our Experienced Partner
Since we have a long-experienced sales operator group as our core partner (NEW
EMOTION INC.), we are able to cover wide range of products such as in-door health bicycle, electric bicycle, electric motorbikes, ESS sunlight panel, and even self-driving electric car (research phase for now). Also, we are able to treat various product models
within each product category and we have international branches to easily expand our
platform scope as well. For this reason, we are able to change the design or the specification of our CyClean products in the future to better support our users.
7

REAL-PRODUCT BASED PLATFORM
Also, there are numerous possibilities to expand our product line itself. We simply have
to augment the product with our low level chipset, wireless network, smart CyClean
emission APIs, and some mechanical procedure. We believe as we expand CyClean platform, we would not have to solely depend on increasing the quantity of our product lines.
We believe several competent producers will become inspired and envisioned for joining
the clean cycle of CyClean.
Actually, we already have some lined up for discussion for addition of models or product
category to our platform. Our business model is immediately applicable to any manufacturers with good product, infrastructure, and sincere shared goal for green revolution.
Of course, this will assume that our platform has already been launched on such country
with legal entity. Also, because we have global market experience and competent partners, we are able to expand the physical territory of CyClean smoothly as well. Having
both blockchain platform (software based) and tangible sales operation and furthermore,
having combination of those two are a powerful business model. There is even more. Our
core partner group is not new to blockchain business: in fact, they have the most innovative and powerful blockchain platform that has been revolutionizing South Korea for
several months. Our core partner group owns a payment system platform called JPAY
platform which has solved 1) fluctuating price problem, and 2) confirmation delay time of
cryptocurrencies. With 2 layered coin system, JPAY platform is aggressively expanding
its member stores for several months without any risks
or problems. Also they are launching JPAY card which enables holders of cryptocurrency
such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, JPAY, Dash, etc to spend those assets in real time ALL across
South Korea anywhere with card reader machine, without entrepreneurial risks thanks
to the 2 layered system.
To learn more please visit jpayplatform.com / Whitepaper in several languages
are available. Below image represents the overall structure of JPAY platform. CyClean is
not just partnered but actually integrated with JPAY platform.

8

CYCLEAN CRYPTOCURRENCY
Because we are based on Ethereum platform, there comes a lot of advantages, for
example the smart contract feature and Ethereum compatible features (for future partnership, wallet compatibility, coin exchange enlisting procedure, and scanning availability). Although improving technology and innovation for blockchain technology itself is
important, more imminent problem is demonstrating an operating blockchain platform
to the market and its contributors. Based on our in-dept research, we believe there
aren’t many blockchain platforms that implemented smart contract feature in a tangible
and commercial way, providing a working model for the market. We intend to be one of
the model cases who has implemented blockchain technology and smart contract feature to a commercial and global level. To do so, we utilize Ethereum platform for our
CyClean coin. Additionally, we would like to line out the schedules and identity of our
ICO here. The schedule can be calibrated due to internal or external situations. For the
most recent and accurate information, please refer to the website.
As we utilize smart contract feature based on blockchian, we briefly explain here about
smart contract. A smart contract is a computer algorithm designed to conclude and
maintain self-executing contracts in a blockchain environment. These contracts are
written in the form of code that exists in a distributed registry ― a blockchain that is
maintained and managed by a network of computers to exchange assets without resorting to intermediaries . Also smart contracts allow you to perform reliable and confidential transactions without the involvement of external intermediaries in front of banks or
banks and government agencies. In addition, such transactions are traceable, transparent and irreversible. Smart contracts not only contain information about the obligations
of the parties and sanctions for their violation, but also automatically ensure the fulfillment of all the terms of the contract.

- CyClean ICO
Here, we elaborate on our ICO procedure which is important for CyClean platform to
launch with scale and locomotion. Because we are utility coin based on real products
and we already have at least one cryptocurrency exchange (Kocostock) that is going to
list CyClean (CCL) coin, we have our hard cap set as quite high. Although it is not the
largest hard cap among ICOs, it is still quite high. Accordingly, our soft cap is quite bold
as well. The caps are for both Pre ICO and main ICO. We are conducting 3 phased Pre ICO
for procedural analysis, recap, and platform & ICO updates to prepare and build up for
the core fight at main ICO. It is one of our strategic approaches to ensure we win the
final battle.

10

CYCLEAN CRYPTOCURRENCY
To voluntarily ensure the highest international standard for cryptocurrency and
ICOs, we have implemented KYC and whitelist procedure. Also, we are barring ICO
banned countries’ citizens for legal safety although we are allowing them to at least join
to our website so they can have CyClean wallet. Also, we had legal advices to prepare
appropriate privacy policy and Term of Use documents so that the participants of
CyClean ICO would be notified fairly of their legal stance and conditions.
It is crucial to join early on and get approved by CyClean staffs to become whitelist
member because only approved whitelist members can participate to our Pre ICOs and
Main ICO. As the identification approval process is done by human efforts, it takes time
to get approved after joining thus it is recommended to join early on for successful
participation.
Below is information about CyClean coin:
Soft Cap : able to launch business / Mid Cap : launch on at least 3 countries / Hard Cap : launch on at least 5 countries

Soft Cap

3,000 ETH

Mid Cap

50,000 ETH

Hard Cap 106,000 ETH

Name

Symbol

Platform

Total Issue

Price

CyClean Coin

CCL

Ethereum

4,000,000,000

1CCL = 0.0001 ETH

Smart contract address:
contract :0x749f35ff65932e68267dd82f6cd85eea735d700e
The token net uses moveFunction for movement between CyClean wallets in order to
save gas transaction fees. But for exchange listing or sending to other ether wallet, the
token share will actually show movement on Ether scan. Otherwise, asset movements
between CyClean wallets will not be revealed to Ether scan although will have real transaction history in related wallets.
* The github address is included in the Appendix.
*Below is our schedule for CyClean ICO. It is subject to potential modification so please
refer to the website for the most recent and accurate information. The whitepaper may
be behind the website in terms of version control.
Send ETH

Period

Bonus

2018.04.06 - 04.09

1st Pre ICO

+300%

2018.04.27 - 05.15

2nd Pre ICO

+230%

2018.06.01 - 06.18

3rd Pre ICO

+100%

2018.06.27

11

Main ICO

Fixed Price

CYCLEAN CRYPTOCURRENCY
Below is our information for the distribution of CyClean platform. As we have
already initiated real business within the ICO period, we need major portion of total coin
supply for various projects and partnerships. We can declare that we have so much
possibility for partnership with not only entrepreneurs but also NGOs and environmental
organizations & campaigns because our vision is directly connected to the imminent
problem of entire globe. Also, CyClean platform is quite compatible for any competent
green products thus it could be described as augmentation-ready. If we do not reach
soft cap, we will still pursuit platform business because we are not just about raising
value with ICO or cryptocurrency but are about tangible and physical business expanding globally. Nevertheless, we are not worried about not reaching soft cap because we
are already getting heated attention from many potential partners. Along with real
products, we have so much to show.

10%
Company Possession
(Market stability / Emergency Fund)

30%
Pre ICO + Main ICO

22.5%
Platform Development,
Energy Business Entry

12.5%
Developer Distribution, Airdrop, Promotion

25%
To be mined

| Total Coin Sale - PreICO + Main ICO: 30% (approx. 1.2 billion)
Through ICO, we intend to distribute CyClean coins to many participants across
the world for resource gaining on our platform and spreading out the CyClean market
over the global crypto market.
| To be mined – 25% (approx. 1 billion)
As it will be explained at later sections, CyClean coins can be mined just by using
CyClean products. This innovative way of mining enforces long term usages of CyClean
products which results in major contribution for combating exhaust fumes and promoting clean energy and green sports. As number of CyClean coins increase, the proportion
of distribution will be smaller because daily amount of emission is fixed. Nevertheless,
that would also mean valuation of CyClean coin itself.
12

CYCLEAN CRYPTOCURRENCY
Therefore there will be interesting
dynamics on green emission profitability. A point to note is that users never lose
because all they are doing is using the functionality of CyClean products rather than
investing fiat or goods.
| Developer Distribution, Airdrop, Promotion – 12.5% (approx. 0.6 billion)
Because developers and advisors have significant contributions to our platform and
project, as well as for future CyClean businesses, this portion is distributed to the core
people of CyClean. Additionally, this portion will be used for potential airdrops and
planned promotions.
| Platform Development, Energy Business Entry – 22.5 % (arppox. 0.8 billion)
Although we will include ESS sunlight panel and our most important goal is fighting
exhaust fumes, we are not going to neglect the importance of clean energy revolution.
Therefore, we will expand CyClean energy product line as well with this portion’s
resource, and we will commence aggressive projects for energy sector. Before Main ICO,
we will be able announce our current partnership with next-generation energy-centered
project.
| Company Possession (Market stability / Emergency Fund) – 10% (approx. 0.4 billion)
Until CyClean becomes almost infallible for its scale and market, we need careful and
cautious management of the market and the platform. Therefore having this portion will
definitely serve our platform well as strategic backup.

13

CYCLEAN CRYPTOCURRENCY
Following table states our financial plan. The sales amount would be applied to whatever
fund we raise through CyClean ICO. Of course, we are hoping and expecting to sold-out
all ICO amount in order to fully execute our corporate budget plans. But even if we cannot
reach the most optimal situation, we are not limited to ICO budget alone because we are
based on real business infrastructure and we can still pursue traditional VC or capital
investment based on our on-going valuation.

Sales
Cost of Sales(+investment)

71.9

Gross Profit on Sales

28.1

Selling and Administrative Expense

10.9

Operating Profit (loss)

7.2

Financial Return

0.3

Financial Cost

0.3

Other Revenue

0.9

Other Costs

17.8

Net income(loss) before income tax expenses

-9.7

Continued Operating Income Tax Expenses

-1.0

Operating Profit (loss)
Net income (loss)

0.0
-8.6

Other Comprehensive income

0.8

Items that can be
reclassified to profit or loss (other comprehensive income after tax)

0.8

Gain on valuation of available for-sale financial assets

0.8

Items not reclassified to
profit or loss (other comprehensive income after tax)

0.0

Re-measure elements of defined benefit plans

0.0

Total comprehensive income

14

100.0

-7.9

CYCLEAN CRYPTOCURRENCY
Business Plan (as objective format)
Above budget plan is mainly focused to following objectives. As it is the first year, we
mainly focus on investment and expansion of established business rather than going for
small profit and rushing into market.
● Expanding CyClean products to South Korea, Vietnam, Hong Kong, Singapore,
United Kingdom, and potentially China
● Investment of self-driving electric car
● PR and Marketing for CyClean
● Plug-in partnership with electric vehicle manufacturers to make their models
CyClean integrated
● Plug-in partnership with insurance companies to formulate package deal for
motivating insurance customers’ daily exercise to promote healthy life with
reward system
● Expand franchise globally and deep the brand identity with unique service
points, marketing it as communal green emission space. One of the slogans can
say ‘become healthy and be rewarded for it’.

15

CYCLEAN CRYPTOCURRENCY
- Marketing
For the success of CyClean ICO, we are both eager to invest on online marketing and
offline marketing. The publishing point of this whitepaper triggers threshold for CyClean
teams to engage more actively on marketing schemes. We are operating various online
marketing tactics such as social media posting and maintenance which can constantly
deliver messages of CyClean to the general public. In our website, one can find all of our
social channels to stay tuned with on-going CyClean processes. We treat following social
channels. (Links are at Appendix)

Additionally we are also conducting display ads for online community where the main
topics for cryptocurrency and blockchian are evident. For the whole online marketing,
we are aiming major countries where ICO investments are active and retargeting appropriate users in order to perform effective marketing actions. We did not overlook the
importance of offline marketing as well. Because we are well connected with TOP advisors of cryptocurrency landscape, and because they trust us and want to share our message to the world, we are invited to many prestigious offline roadshows or pitch talks or
summits. Within our allowed budget, we are sending agents to go spread the message to
citizens of various countries. Although offline marketing may reach smaller crowd than
online crowd at the moment itself, it has powerful influence over people and over industry opinions because a real person, most of the time founder or core director, visits the
place with real presence so the outcome is quite as powerful as the online marketing.

- Cryptocurrency Identity
CyClean coin intends to be the leading cryptocurrency in the world, and mining is one of
the crucial identity of cryptocurrency. Therefore if the mining procedure for CyClean is
not sustainable to our nature, we would be contradicting ourselves. Fortunately, we
have one of the most innovative way of mining.
Because we are environmental friendly platform and cryptocurrency, we did not
adapt the traditional PoW mining mechanism that requires tremendous amount of electricity. PoS or PoE are improved method but we believe there could be more intriguing
method that integrates user experience design with mining procedure.
16

CYCLEAN CRYPTOCURRENCY
Instead, we pre-mined all CyClean coins in advance and guarantee rewards daily to users
of CyClean products based on CyClean usages. It could be considered as sort of Proof of
Work yet not wasting electricity for competition but promoting good usages of electricity
to combat exhaust fumes. By riding CyClean vehicles over certain distances, its users will
get CyClean coin. Of course, CyClean products are not limited to just vehicles but also
encompasses all green sports and clean energy products.
The ratio is not fixed as we are certain that the total number
of CyClean products mining CyClean coins will constantly increase and we need a dynamic formula for distributing daily
emission rewards to all of the CyClean participants.
Of course, there will be weight differences for green emission
between different CyClean products. We will elaborate further
about emission at allocated section later. Following diagram
summarizes CyClean platform in a straight forward manner
although it may not include all details of the platform.
*Shows that the enforcing cycle of CyClean Platform conceptually. One person need not
more than one vehicle in normal cases; but owning many CyClean products enable rental
profit because both ow ner and rental user gets green emission. Reveals the power of
Circular token economy. More products become available with SHARED ECONOMY.

*Shows CyClean platform overall diagram
where different products are connected to
central server based on their unique id and
category id. The sever handles different
products flexibly but enforces abuse filtering

17

CYCLEAN CRYPTOCURRENCY
- Core Developers
With CyClean Platform, we intend to not only save our ecosystem but also the health of
living entities within such ecosystem. To do so, we work with the best core team who has
corporate experience and discipline. They know how to lead a team and how to operate in
a corporate schedule and pipeline. We would like to introduce our core members who are
chairman, CTO, director, or team leader. Also, we were gratefully recognized by several
top advisors who are renowned figures in blockchain and cryptocurrency society. Since
they have good eyes and good reasons to join, their presence and actual contribution are
also significant factor to notice. As mentioned, our core partner is not a venture but a
corporation and since top advisors have reputation to protect and nurture, surely there
are connections one could recognize as advantages. Also, since our core partner owns a
cryptocurrency exchange itself, we are guaranteed to be enlisted to at least one exchange.
But because we are confident we can prove CyClean’s worth to the global market, we plan
on enlisting to more than one cryptocurrency market. While introducing our core members and renowned top advisors, we would like to also briefly elaborate on expected synergy by such figures.

COOZ KOMEI TOKITA
(Korean Name: Won Kim)

DAVID YOUNG (DAE YOUNG KIM)

BO-GYOUNG, KIM

MANAGEMENT.

CTO.

JPAY Platform & CyClean Platform Founder & Planner
JNU Group Chairman / JNU Global CEO
Vietnam's TOP100 most anticipated
company Award and General Secretary Award
2015 Korea’s CEO Grand Prize
“Compassion Managment and Creative Innovation Sector”
Yale D&N CEO
Singer

Episode Games. CEO.
RocketOz CEO.
Tatter&Company(Google EXIT) Software Engineer
BBSoft CEO.
Backend Side Guru
Professional Management of Developers
Blockchain Programmer

BYEONG-GIL, KIM

COO

Blockchain Engineer.

Tokita Investment Group Inc.
K.K CEO
KOCOSTOCK Korea CEO
JBTC Founder
Aliksir Founder
Cross Commerce Inc. CEO
Crypto Valley Association Member
Next Generation Research and Holdings LLC Dictator
Cryptos Fund IR
Ionic Lattice Partners LLC Dictator

Episode Games, COO.
Com2uS Co-founder, Acting General Manager.

MYUNG-JUN, NOH

JAE-WON, LEE

KYUNG MOOK, CHA

TAE-KWAN, YOON

Joseph Nam

Blockchain Engineer.

Graphic Designer.

Full Stack Developer.

Web Developer.

Strategy Planner.

Episode Games
Software Engineer.
PASCO Games. CEO.
LG Electronics Researcher.
Info Bank Researcher.
HS Telian Researcher.

Episode Games, Rocket Oz,
Nine4u Graphic Designer

RunSetup CTO.
Flaskon CEO.
Tatter&Company
(Google EXIT) Project Manager
Nexon Developer

NEW EMOTION INC.
Web Deisgn,
Front end development

KAIST M.S Master.
Novelist(16).
ACM DIS

18

"TransPoint: Real-Time Remote
Lecturing via Adaptive Transparency"
Honorable Mention

CYCLEAN CRYPTOCURRENCY
- World Top Class Advisors

SIMON CHOI

NIKOLAY SHKILEV

JILLIAN GODSIL

JASON HUNG

Advisory - Internation Law.

Advisory - Strategy.

Advisory - PR.

Advisory - Business & Investor Relation.

International Lawer
+25 years of experience over international trade,
investment, finance, M&A
England & Wales, Hong Kong, China law expert
Perking, London, and Hong Kong Law School Graduated
Advisor over 10+ ICOs

Top 10 in People of Blockchain
TOP ICOBench Advisor
Tech guru
20 years of experience in large-scale transaction
projects Founder and CEO of Private Business Club
"Enterprise of the Year" award in the Kremlin
Co-Founder "Top ICO advisors"
Advisor over +30 ICOs

Global PR companies in Sydney, Singapore,
London and Dublin PRO of Iona Technologies
(NASDAQ listed)
Former European Parliamentary candidate
Journalist with CryptoCoin.News
DublinCityFM speaker
Analyst with JP Morgan
Named a Crypto Queen by In Zero Conferences
One of the 50 most influential global women in blockchain

China Animation Media Production Ltd CTO
iSoftSonte AVP
EY Senior Manager Oracle Managing Consulting
ICOBench TOP expert Advisor over +25 ICOs Treascovery,
Chidopi and TimeBox, EXSmart Co-founder

IAN SCARFFE

ERIC WONG

MARTHYN TING

CHANGHEE KWON

Advisory - Investor Relation.

Advisor - China Business Representative

Advisory - Global Market & Business.

Advisory - 4th Industrial Revolution Policy Making

Founder of Binkplus
Prcocess Manager COO
ICOBench TOP5 advisor
Advisor +50 ICOs
Leader in Bitcoin, Blockchain, Crypto industries
Insight into Millions of Customers

KCK Garment Factory Ltd. IT Manager
Automated Systems (HK) Ltd. PM
Wolf Lingerie Ltd IT Manager
Unisys HK (China) Ltd - Network Consultant
AT&T Solutions Senior Association
HKTDC - Senior Programmer

Dream Prestidge Holdings CEO
Knowledge link international Regional Director
Asia Pacific Economic Leadership Association
Singapore Chairman
James cook university MBA
Lions Club Singapore President

Coporation Smart City Chairman
Hanse University Professor
4th revolution mid-size company association ombudsman
SOS Fund Senate
World People's Safety Forum Chairman
GeongGi Big Data Competition judge

YEONSOO CHOO

NIKOLAY ZVEZDIN

MOFASSAIR HOSSAIN

ALI KASSAB

Advisory - 4th Industrial Revolution Deployment

Adviosry - Investor Relation

Advisory - Marketing & PR.

Advisor - Investor Relation

Corporation Smart City Institute Director
Sunrise Group Chairman
Dream Park Culture Foundation Director
MBC Academy Department Head
114.com CEO
BoRyung Group Honorary Director
BekDoo InfoTech Research Head
CAMP ASIA Commissioner

Envinary Group CIO
8 potential LBOs worth of
USD 22 billion of companies in 7 countires
Advised top executives of private equity portfolio
resulting in EBITDA increase of ~60%
participated in assurance of the largest banks in
Tajikistan winner of CFA Research Challenge in Turkey
CFA Candidate Level I

Perhalic CEO & Founder Chartered Management
Accountant Advised over 15 ICOs
TOP 20 Blockchain people - ICOBench member of
Israeli blockchain association And
vGlobal Blockchain Advisory Professionals

NOIA Network Network advisor
Whyral Chairman
Centurion & Co Chairman
UK INFO CEO
WOW PAY ME CEO
AKA Partners Founder
MBME CEO
Sky Telemcom Group Founder
Vocalcom CEO

19

CYCLEAN CRYPTOCURRENCY

AMARPREET SINGH

JIN HYO KIM

BOGDAN FIEDUR

HO JUN, CHANG

Advisory - Business.

Advisory - R&D.

Advisory - Technical.

Advisory - Lawyer.

Global Blockchain Foundation Senior Advisor
Microsoft APOC Operation Manager
World Bank - Infrastructure and
Economic Consulting
Singapore National University MBA
ICOBench TOP advisor and expert
Advisor over +20 ICOs

Yonsei. Integrated Technology Ph.D.
LG Display.
Dogugonggan Co.,Ltd.
IEEE Member.

Senior Ethereum Developer
bitJob and Blockchainexperts.io Co-Founder and President
Blockchain Expert
20 years of experience in IT
Advisor over +10 ICOs

La Business Major at Seoul Univ.
Hanyang Law School
Law firm YooHan Purme
GangNam Police Whitecollar Investigation Consultant
Korea Contents Develop Department Consultant
Law firm SamYool

20

CYCLEAN ECOSYSTEM
- How to get CyClean coin: Green Emission
CyClean products being sold and rented have several advantageous features. It is c
tance, its owners and rental users will get CyClean coin green-emission-ed, such as
XX.YYYY CCL per Meter. Also, if it is a clean energy production unit such CyClean
ESS sunlight panel, owners and rental users will get CyClean coins green-emission-ed
based on Meters produced. We are also considering electric marine transportation or
wearable products to be part of CyClean products. As long as it is a competitive and
green product, any good manufacturers can become part of CyClean platform. Even for
each product category, we are not placing limitation on models. The total amount of
daily reward is fixed and will be divided by the number of users who have traveled more
than a kilometer with CyClean vehicles or produced more than 1 Watts. Therefore daily
emission per person will be dynamic. Nevertheless, the amount of CyClean coins
rewarded will be proportional to the distance traveled in Meters or Wattsunit so the
motivation to use CyClean product in long-term is still solid and strong. As described in
ICO specification, 30% of total supply for CyClean coins (1,200,000,000 CCL) will be
mined by CyClean green emission. As stated, the principle is simple. The more usage of
CyClean products, the more reward is given; and more of exhaust fumes will be replaced
and more promotions will be reinforced for clean energy and green sports. And this
simple principle will continue to large scale and long term transformations for green
revolution. For clarify purpose, we are also demonstrating how a certain product is
augmented into a CyClean product. This will also allow any interested green product
producers to consider their future partnership with CyClean platform.

1) First we start with a complete and competitive and green electric vehicle or greenproduct such as indoor bike or wearable band

21

CYCLEAN ECOSYSTEM

2) Based on official B2B contract and transparent partnership, we get the product supplied then we upgrade the product with a chip that can connect to CyClean server and
track meters traveled (or watts)

3) Now the product is good to go with wireless stream connected with centralized
CyClean server
We believe this unique mining feature will reinforce the on-going cycle of CyClean platform and push it to grow constantly with more products and more users. People will
actually use the vehicle for its original purpose plus for CyClean mining. So our platform
is not only about sales or rentals, but also about supporting actual usage of our product,
which eventually combats exhaust fumes in a realistic way. On the business side, we can
expect carbon dedication as well in the future when the platform grows into a global
scale. As it is well known, carbon credit and carbon project encompasses nation-wide
scale so the vision is quite enormous.
22

CYCLEAN ECOSYSTEM
For fair and appropriate mining, registration process will take place for CyClean product
owners and rental users. Once they process simple steps to connect their CyClean productsto the centralized CyClean server, their CyClean wallets will correspond to their
usages of CyClean products, thus mining naturally.
Following are weight differences for the green emission for each of different CyClean
products which we can reveal at this moment. Update will follow for later whitepapers
for newer models within each product category or for new product category such as ESS
sunlight panel.
*PX indicates variable / The daily emission divided into total amount of PX then multiplied
by each product’s usage (Meters, Watts) with its weight multiplying factor.
*To be put it easily, more usage with more emission weight emissions more CyClean coins.
*Both owner and rental users can emission coin at the same time (Shared Economy)
-CyClean Wearable Band – 15PX.
-CyClean Indoor Bike – 150PX
-CyClean Indoor Bike Rental – 10PX
-CyClean Electric Motorbike – 375 PX
-CyClean Electric Motorbike Rental – 25 PX
-CyClean Normal Bicycle - 225 PX
-CyClean Normal Bicycle Rental - 22.5PX
-CyClean Electric Bicycle - 375 PX
-CyClean Electric Bicycle Rental - 37.5 PX

- CyClean Airdrop & Donation & Partnership
CyClean is not just a stand-alone platform or product. As its vision encompasses the
whole globe and whole organism within it, its compatibility is large as well. Many partners or campaigns can be joined and become part of CyClean because green revolution
and health is few of the things we all can mutually share and work together, either as
supporter or active partner. To do so, we propose that we would do airdrop for effective
marketing and spreading of CyClean’s messages, donation for renowned green NGOs
with legitimate agendas, and partnership with entrepreneurs or active enforcers of
green revolution.

23

CYCLEAN ECOSYSTEM
Airdrop is an effective strategy because it has big marketing and promotion effect and it
could generate correlation between two different cryptocurrency communities. For the
conditions of airdrop or specific target of airdrop, we shall announce later when we have
concrete plans on expected synergy for our social channels. Please stay tuned.
Donation would not only have symbolic meaning for CyClean platform but also give
functional benefit to renowned NGOs because CyClean coins allow access to green products through rental. The potential to utilize such synergy is large enough for NGOs or
green organizations to plan their own projects. Also, this beneficial connection will allow
bi-directional promotion for each party. Lastly, partnership may also involve CyClean
platform. This case also includes various paths such as supporting other green-visionary
ICOs or blockchain platform or actually including certain projects within CyClean’s scope
for bigger synergy. But we will focus mainly on airdrop and promotion during ICO for
focused force, and will distribute more execution plans on donation and partnership
once the ICO is over. Then, CyClean will have more value and reputation along with a
volatile market access so such donation or partnership action will have more impact.

- Smart Rental Service
CyClean vehicles will be rented with CyClean coins after CyClean ICO. Also, small-scale
rental service and mining enabled services are already in operation for beta-test purpose yet fully being commercial and available. The initial rental service region will be
limited to South Korea. Unlike cryptocurrency which still has comparatively free flow for
legal restriction and activity, rental service requires legal entity and appropriate registering and managing for each country regions.
Therefore we intend to take step by step protocol when expanding CyClean rental services. Every country we aim to expand will be both our new business opportunity and
our chance to enlarge CyClean coin market. There are total 2 phases for CyClean rental
service in terms of technical structure and they will be implemented based on sequential
order. The first phase, technical wise, will be available during the ICO, and the second
phase will be available after the full scale launch of CyClean platform and when we are
ready to expand globally. Of course, fiat currency can be used to rent CyClean products.
CyClean coin rental is one of the possible channels.

24

CYCLEAN ECOSYSTEM
The overall mechanism should be clear.
1. [Rental Request reaches CyClean rental service net ] -if confirmed proceed to
next step
2. [smart contract opens ]
3. [CyClean coin Payment ]
4. [ smart contract formulated and closed ]
5. [rental phase proceeds]
6. [CyClean product is delivered or picked up]
7. [Manage the rental service according to smart contract]
For most of CyClean products, we will be able to augment CyClean products to have
automatic locking feature. When the rental fee is not paid for more than 2 months,
CyClean products with augmentation will lock itself until the demanded amount is paid.
We would like to also line out the possibility that for CyClean rental, there could be
auctioning for CyClean rental products if the demand becomes significantly higher than
available supply. Yet after winning the rental slot with CyClean coins, the monthly fee
will be paid in constant value, not by CyClean coins amount but its equivalent fiat currency price as rental monthly fee.
Following briefly describes how CyClean rental system will be implemented.
Phase 1_
Rental service through web rental page: users will access cycleanrental.com and equest
for a rental. After the confirmation by rental service team, the smart contract opens
and they can send CyClean coin to appropriate CyClean address. Once confirmed, they
are granted access to the rented vehicle via delivery or pick up. Delivery shall be
charged in fiat currency of such servicing country. Users will be able to see the contract
status at the rental page. They will have to pay monthly CyClean coin fee or enable automatic payment on their wallets if they prefer. But this will require careful decision as
CyClean coin’s price will change and it would be different amount to pay at the monthly
payment date.
Phase 2_
User uses mobile app to directly access to the CyClean vehicle. (NFC communication
OR GPS based auto-matching with QR code registration). The smart contract goes
through the CyClean vehicle and rental service is completed through that procedure,
connecting user’s CyClean account and wallet with such rental service and rental product. Users can see the contract status at the rental page and mobile app.
25

CYCLEAN ECOSYSTEM
- Token Economy
Purchase
CCL Emission Ticket

Rent CyClean
Products

Pay or get discount
From CyClean Franchise
CyClean coin
can be emissioned
just by using
CyClean products

NOT only exchnage but
also real economy is
integrated for expenditure

More products more competition
and more contribution to
ecosystem

VALUATION
is Real for CyClean

Get discount from CyClean partners
(such as insurance)

Pay to real economy
Through JPAY CPG system
(JPAY CARD)

In order to make the cycle of CyClean permanent and continuously enforcing, it would
be important to layout the full token economy for CyClean. Although the first expenditure for CyClean is rental for another CyClean product, it is not the only way to spend
CyClean. Because CyClean will continue forming partnership with companies that have
competitive products and services and have clear vision for itself, its expenditure will
have variety. Also, because CyClean will be connected to Carbon Offset and Carbon
project in a very effective and aggressive way, CyClean will be connected to large scale
of funds for effectively offsetting million tons of Carbon that is warming up the globe
and is needed maximum precaution as possible before it is too late.
The following describes how CyClean coin can flow through its economy. To acquire
CyClean coins, there mainly three ways. Use CyClean products to naturally get CyClean
coins by green emission, purchase CyClean through listed exchanges, or participate to
ICO to get advantageous amount of CyClean ahead. Because CyClean is based on physical and real products, and its vision is clear with highly demanding market, several
exchanges will be happy to list us. Also, the introduction and recommendation of TOP
advisors can serve as accelerating effect for exchange listings. They have words with
credibility and only recommends strongest projects to exchanges due to their reputation to protect.

26

CYCLEAN ECOSYSTEM
Now only exchanges but also through real economy, CyClean will flow naturally and
widely. First, CyClean coin can be used to purchase CCL Emission Ticket. It is like a tax or
donation to the central green emission system to maintain the right to get green emission for using CyClean products. Secondly, it can be used to rent CyClean products. A
customer may want variety of products to use and this will lead to more green product
usages. Also, one person do not need to use 10 vehicles but can rent it out to get owner
green emission. In case of rentals, both owners and rental users get green emission
with different ratio.
Thirdly, CyClean can be used to get discount from our global franchise. Our franchise
will have variety of service such as green emission gym or green health food cafe that
can benefit users in many ways. Fourthly, also discounts from insurance company can
be possible. Because CyClean promotes green sports and human health in a very effective manner with reward system, many insurance companies will be interested in plugging in CyClean to their health program. Healthier customers mean huge profit for
insurance companies.
Lastly, thanks to the partnership with JPAY platform, CyClean can be charged to JPAY
debit card which can be spent on any card reader machine. Initially, the card will have
local servicing regions such as South Korea or Japan. But once it has master card function attached, the expenditure scope will become global. Therefore as described, the
reward system for CyClean is real. People will strongly want to get CyClean for various
reasons and this will boost the value of CyClean.
ROI : As the token economy system describes, the cash out flow and enlargement of the market is clear and
intuitive. With more partnership and more products, the total market cap of CyClean can have tangible and
physical growth which is rare to observe in cryptocurrency market. Thus it is also one of our advantages.
Following diagram summarizes the return of investment based on arguments we provided so far.
(a) after listing, because of marketing based on
real products with global partnership, 1.5X ROI expected
(b) more listing on mid to large scale exchanges, present
working business to the public and expand spenditure
2.0X ROI expected
(c) Expand partnership with manfacturers and insurance
companies, NGOs and green organizations to expand
platform. CyClean is good plug-in platform.
3.5X ROI expected.
(d) The full cycle becomes active. People are strongly
incentized to get green emission because there will
be activated expenditure and market flow for CyClean.

a

b

c

d

Alive ecosystem. At least 4.0X ROI expected

The grayline indicates realistic dynamics for cryptocurrency market:
although there will be ups and downs, immediately operating platform with real products will have storng resilience

27

PRODUCT - INDOOR BIKE

- CyClean Indoor Bike
One of the ways to promote indoor exercises is to enable cycling domestically and
enable green emission on its work performance. Although it will not physically move, its
cycling rotations can be tracked and reported to our server. And of course, humans can
speed up only so much thus the average rate of cycling will be possible for filtering. Our
current model encompasses IMBIKE which allows gaming integrated with cycling. The
faster you work out, the game character inside the game travels faster as well. Also,
standard manager app is provided for normal usage.
The following model is targeted for all age and all customers who enjoy cycling and
indoor work out. This product can be a great item for CyClean franchise or for the existing gyms hoping to become CyClean franchised (of course this case would require more
than including few CyClean indoor bikes).
*Because we are not limited to specific model, thus please be noted that in the future,
the specific model or design could change due to business reasons or for market reasons.

28

PRODUCT - INDOOR BIKE
Wireless internet such as
Wifi, LTE, etc.

Buletooth

Z-BIKE

Mobile App

Exercise details

The product connects to smartphone via Bluetooth then the smartphone communicates
wirelessly with the network.

Movable handle allows dynamic exercise game with smartphone game apps.
(Left, Right movement and pull, push movement possible for several gaming apps)

cycling tracking mechanism enabled.

29

PRODUCT - INDOOR BIKE

Several games are offered for fun exercising!

PRODUCT NAME

CYCLEAN HEALTH BIKE

BOX PACKAGING

W:580mm x L:280mm x H:750mm / 23.5kg

FINISHED PRODUCT

W:730mm x L:540mm x H:1,400mm / 21kg

COLOR

HEALTHBIKE 1.0(Z-BIKE) - Blue, White
HEALTHBIKE 2.0(IMBIKE) - Red_Black, Yellow_Black, White_Gray

MATERIAL
Etc

Steel Pipe / PP / Silicone
Marginal weight : 120kg / Manufacturer : (주)지오아이티 /
Country of manufacture : CHINA OEM

Several designs are available / The right side shows product specification currently
servicing on South Korea.

30

PRODUCT - HEATLH BAND
- CyClean Wearable Band
What if one can mine with one’s own body? With CyClean, it becomes possible. The more
you exercise, the more CyClean coins are mined. Of course, the mining weight is smallest for wearable bands but user do not need to do nothing other than passionately exercise with wearable band to mine CyClean coins. Get healthy and get rewarded for it! Like
indoors bikes, we believe there will be no boundaries for age or gender or social background for working out with bare body. The wearable band will have a very affordable
price line as well.
*Because we are not limited to specific model, thus please be noted that in the future,
the specific model or design could change due to business reasons or for market reasons.

31

PRODUCT - E-BIKE
- CyClean Bicycle
CyClean bicycles will be one of the most powerful way to promote health and green
revolution. We will both consider electric bike and normal bike if it is part of a large
enough shared economy system. Bicycle is also a medium where age, gender, and social
profile does not get narrow for user base.
While moving to short range or enjoying short stroll through the park or river side, why
not get rewarded and earn profit for doing so?
*Because we are not limited to specific model, thus please be noted that in the future,
the specific model or design could change due to business reasons or for market reasons.
*Following images are not finalized as CyClean product.

32

PRODUCT - E-MOTORBIKE
- CyClean Motorbike
Electric motorbikes are also effective medium for short range travel, enabling quite
competitive speed and functionality. For electric motorbikes, there are several models
that can be effective to certain age or purpose. For example, following model is more
compatible for silver age who requires aid for movement or for movement measure for
an island tourism (3 wheeled). The other 2 wheeled electric motorbike would be more
compatible for short to middle range road travel and for delivery services.
*Because we are not limited to specific model, thus please be noted that in the future,
the specific model or design could change due to business reasons or for market reasons.
*Following images are not finalized as CyClean product.

DC Motor

BLDC Motor

( Low Price Electric Scooter ) Brushless Direct Current

33

POWER

POWER

UPHILLING

UPHILLING

H E AT DA N G E R

H E AT DA N G E R

S PA R K

S PA R K

L I F E S PA N

L I F E S PA N

PRODUCT - E-MOTORBIKE

* Two-wheeled competitive models are in reviewing/preparation phase as well

* Outline tracing of CyClean Electric Bicycle candidate
34

PRODUCT - CAR
- CyClean Car
Certainly, CyClean self-driving car will be able to serve the widest range of customers
since it will be standard 4 wheeled car. But we are also considering various models to be
part of CyClean electric car. As clearly stated, we are currently researching CyClean
self-driving electric car with very competitive partners.The following companies have
joined CyClean R&D and more will join very soon for such objective with great vision.
When CyClean car is complete and launched to the market, it will provide one of the
strongest mining capabilities thus it will be like ASIC metaphorically when mining
CyClean coins.
(Our core partners who have joined CyClean so far for CyClean car R&D)
Current R & D Objectives
Design

Technology

License

1. Inclusive Design

1. Electric car ABS tech

1. Electtic Car Safety Test
and Confirmation

2. Progressive Design

2. Automatic Break Control System (AEB)

3. Future Liffestyle for
Vehicle Design

3. Lane Departure Warning System (LDWS)

2. Get certificate for selfdriving car

4. Autonomous cruise control System (ACC)
5. TJA : Traffic Fam Assistance
6. Lane Keeping Assistant System (LKAS)
7. Deep Learning Based Fully Autonomous Driving Module

R&D Schedule (Could be modified)
2018 2Q - 4Q
ACC R&D

Service Design Develop (2)

LDWS R&D

Self-Driving & Safe-Driving Algorithm R&D

Develop Service Design (1)

Self-Driving Vehicle certificate

Feature / System Design

Monitoring System_ Vehicle R&D

Electric Car Body Design

Design decision & CMF R&D

UX / UI Design

Manufacturing Scheduling & Preparation

Product Pipeline Design & Develop
AEB R&D
4 Wheel Steer Robot Power-train R&D
Self-driving Car Augmentation

35

2019 1Q - 4Q

PRODUCT - ESS SOLAR PANEL
- CyClean ESS energy unit
ESS sunlight panel is the first phase we implement for promoting clean energy in a
modular approach. User will be able to produce electricity for themselves while also
enabling to get rewarded for Watts.
Therefore the benefit expands to 3 channels:
1) saving earth by using clean energy
2) getting free electricity by natural resource or at least deducting electricity cost, and
3) getting profit by mining CyClean coins.
Modular approach is one of the most encourage methodology to spread clean energy as
large scale, centralized clean energy replacement and innovation would take a lot of
time and resource. But any household choose to install a domestic ESS sunlight panel to
produce one’s own electricity. And CyClean is willing to reward this courageous choice.
*Because we are not limited to specific model, thus please be noted that in the future,
the specific model or design could change due to business reasons or for market reasons.
* CyClean product’s image and specification will be revealed soon when we have clearance on opening up the product to public domain.

36

PLATFORM EXPANSION

- Roadmap
* Bold items mean it is already complet.
2018 Quarter 2
- Completion of Pre ICO, Main ICO
- Platform Soft Launch
- Deployment of business
- Connect well established

2019 Quarter 1
- Expansion of platform to
Southeast Asia
- Get involved in government
backed programs

Manufacturers
- Initiate Self-driving car researc
2018 Quarter 3
- Exchange Listing
- Mining Deployment
- Prepare CyClean Franchise
- Discover paths to energy business
- Connect to big partners for
tangible growth of CyClean

2018 Quarter 4
- Full platform + business launch
- Develop a legal entity abroad
- Get licensed for Vietnam Sales
- Get network on China
- Get expansion on energy sector

37

2019 Quarter 2
- Partnership with NGOs and
Governments
- Connect Carbon Offset,
Carbon Project
- Involve government policy to
subsidize CyClean

PLATFORM EXPANSION
CyClean has a busy year ahead. First objective to be completed is the successful completion of CyClean ICO. Since CyClean encourages both human health via green sports
and the health of our ecosystem with innovative green emission, anyone in the world
can share CyClean’s agenda. Therefore as we reveal more tangible business and strong
execution plans, ICO race will be completed with a success. During the ICO, the commercial business for CyClean Rental service (cycleanrental.com) is already operating in
South Korea as a beta service in small scale. This is a strategy to build up CyClean business momentum as soon as the operation of ICO and to be able to operate larger scale
of business right after main ICO.
Next, the platform launch will be a tremendous milestone for the CyClean team. Quarter
2 of this year looks to be jam-packed with good news. Since the platform is based on
real products, we just have to show with good packaging. Then, we have exchange listing(s) and mining in quarter 3. Mining is probably what everyone should be excited
about. Once CyClean coins become mineable, then people will know the power of
CyClean motivation with green emission. The small scale rental service will expand to
full scale rental service as well at this phase. Quarter 4 is when the full platform is to be
launched. All CyClean products will be connected to CyClean central server for full green
emission network. As described above, we will always be cautious for abusing in order
to protect fair green emission. Fortunately, each product have specific range of functionality so it is easy to track and evaluate.
In 2019, CyClean will focus on expanding its platform to Southeast Asia, and potentially,
maybe more regions. Partnerships with NGOs and governments are expected to happen
in quarter 2 of next year based on CyClean’s global outreach and influence. As mentioned, the roadmap reveals how CyClean could many partners and many country
regions. Human health and green revolution are not specific to certain culture or region.
EVERYONE needs them, and we will propagate such important goals with agility.

38

PLATFORM EXPANSION
- Product Line
As announced, we do not need to put boundaries on product line or product model or
product sales regions as long as they are competitive and compatible for our core partner’s rental and sales operating business, assuming mutual green vision at the center.
Therefore not only after the main ICO but also continuously, we will evaluate and consider multiple models within each product and also stretch out our product line as well.
CyClean self-driving electric car research has also similar purpose as well for this matter
because we believe 4 wheeled vehicles are the most dominant proportion in the world to
be replaced to combat exhaust fumes. Because CyClean is not just about brand or
symbol but it actually augments the product and the experience of its users, it can
become a framework for many willing partners. Users can not only enjoy good product
but also be rewarded for saving their health and shared ecosystem. Therefore the benefit will be mutual. As CyClean platform expands its physical territory, the rapidly growing influence and scale will be immediately reflected to CyClean market and valuation
for CyClena as well. Of course, if purchasers or rental users can get more than just
utility of certain product, the product sales or rental demand will be boosted and motivated as well. Even we ourselves expect the endless possibility of what components
would fill up the global movement of CyClean.

39

PLATFORM EXPANSION
- CyClean Franchise
Although CyClean platform is mainly about combating exhaust fumes and replacing
petroleum based vehicles, we already invested significant portion on promoting green
sports as well by including indoor health bike and wearable band within CyClean platform.
And this means it is not just about having another theme or seeking minor synergy
between platform agendas. Because different green products-especially green sports
and green health matters- can be sold in package as service or spacial brand, we have
abundant chance for CyClean brand itself as well. Imagine a place such as a gym augmented with CyClean platform. In the future, as long as we can find maintainable profit
line, we can expand CyClean coins’ expenditure to purchase certain health product or
well being food within such CyClean gym. In this very possible business model, gym
members can work out very hard and spend their earned CyClean coins to purchase
protein drink or delicious salads right at the CyClean cafe inside the gym. We are
already having conversations about realizing this business model. Nevertheless, we
shall announce only what is confirmed with certainty, thus news about CyClean Franchise will be updated in the newer version of CyClean whitepaper at the near future.

CyClean Franchise
Well-being and Green Sports theme
Complex entertainment emission space.
- Indoor Bike
- Health Band
- Exercise combined with games
- Healthy Foods
- Healthy Space Theme
Not only Korea, but also HK, China,
and Singapore will be territory
with our partner’s help.

40

PLATFORM EXPANSION
- Service Scope
CyClean vehicles will require parts replacement and AS service as well, and it would be
natural to provide these services with CyClean coins. Because our core partner is an
experienced sales operator with complex business experiences and tactics already in its
assets, we will be able to find appropriate pipeline to include parts purchase and AS
service for CyClean coins as well in the future. Of course this service assumes completion of the full platform launch of CyClean.

- Towards Full Platform
CyClean platform not only aims for combating exhaust fumes or promoting green sports
but also promotes clean energy, replacing unsustainable way of energy production with
modular deployment strategy. One of such strategies is ESS sunlight panel augmented
as CyClean product, rewarding users for producing energy by themselves in a sustainable way. But as it is with the CyClean franchise, our current scope for clean energy
promotion is only at the beginning phase.
For energy sector, we have specifically allocated part of CyClean total supply as investment budget. Also, such budget is not sitting ideal or waiting for uncertain opportunities to come. We are actively discussing partnership with a large scale partner for this
matter and we will announce our direction for expanding clean energy promotion once
we have legal certainty for this matter. Two of possible candidates are as following: 1)
magnetic field battery, and 2) vertical wind tower generator.
Example sourced from Odin Tower (Korea Energy).
*This is not the specific model we are looking on but only a reference.

41

PLATFORM EXPANSION
- Carbon Credit / Carbon Offset / Carbon Project
According to Carbon Fund, a carbon credit is an instrument that represents ownership
of one metric tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent that can be traded, sold, retired, etc. If
a company is regulated under a cap-and-trade system, they most likely have an allowance of credits they can use toward their cap. If they use fewer emissions (credits) than
they are allocated, they can trade, sell, hold, or do whatever they like with the credit. If
it is sold, it is their allowance of emissions being sold to someone else. (Likewise, if they
use more than they have allocated, they must purchase a credit to be in compliance). So
a credit becomes tradable, like an offset, because of a very real reduction in emissions,
but often times the reduction is from an activity you may not have thought of, like
changing a business practice, flying less, turning off equipment at night, and so on. A
carbon offset, on the other hand, is also a very real reduction of carbon dioxide emissions, and results in the generation of a carbon credit, but from a project with clear
boundaries, title, project documents and a verification plan. Carbon offsets generate
reductions outside the ‘four walls’ of a company in most cases. Projects like building a
wind farm, supporting truck stop electrification projects, planting trees or preserving
forests are very common carbon offset projects. These reductions occur outside the
companies’ four walls but more importantly, outside any regulatory requirement. They
are in addition to what is being mandated.
Also the Carbon Fund adds, a carbon offset derived from a third-party certified project
usually generates a carbon credit. But a carbon credit need not be from a carbon offset
project. Because carbon dioxide is a global impact gas, meaning it does not affect us
locally through increased smog or acid rain, both offsets and credits have the exact
same reduction in carbon dioxide emissions and have the exact same benefit to the
planet in terms of climate change. Therefore based on this information, we can propose
that we mainly aim to contribute with carbon offset by effectively replacing oil based
vehicles. Our final goal would be to become a carbon project and be recognized for our
Carbon Offset contribution. Although it may sound grandiose, as you well may have
read the whitepaper, we have a very intuitive model for improving carbon status of the
entire earth.

42

PLATFORM EXPANSION
And our business model will have tangible quantity measures to be tracked and become
evidence and verification for our specific carbon status contribution. Because the green
emission tracks the amount of green vehicles’ usages, we are able to present our contribution very clearly as long as we do anonymous filtering of the data when presented for
privacy matters. Also, because we motivate users with reward system and we will
expand aggressively in a global scale, our contribution will not stay small or still. Additionally, once we achieve recognizable influence on the global community, we believe
many government subsidies and green funds would be willing to support us. Therefore
at that moment, we will not only reward users for contributing to the green revolution
but also be rewarded ourselves for generating such healthy cycle. We dream and expect
for this moment to come, and surely, when such achievement happens, it will be directly
reflected to CyClean platform and CyClean market.

Join us. Save yourself and our ecosystem.
Become part of the Clean Cycle.
43

APPENDIX
URL for partnered stock exchange, Kocostock:
https://kocostock.com/
White paper distribution source:
https://cyclean.io

CYCLEAN PTE LTD

Please refer to the Condition & Terms at website to get informed about our legal position in terms of CyClean, CyClean
Platform, and CyClean ICO. Any unmentioned information or unintentional mismatch of information are overruled by our
Condition & Terms.

Office Numbe – +65 6394 9172
cs@cyclean.io
(Please refer to the website and email if you have questions about CyClean ICO. The number is mainly for B2B consultation.)

github : https://github.com/cycleanio/cyclean.git
CyClean website: https://cyclean.io
Join CyClean: https://cyclean.io/join_en
Guide on Signing up and KYC: https://medium.com/@gost241gost241/how-to-participate-to-cyclean-ico-69dbc2a30d43
Social Media Links:
https://cycleanio.blogspot.kr
https://t.me/cycleancoin
https://t.me/cycleangroup
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSqePnrFanWrjncuDo_lqUw
https://www.facebook.com/cyclean.official
https://www.instagram.com/cycleancoin
https://twitter.com/cycleancoin
https://www.pinterest.com/cycleancoin
https://www.reddit.com/user/cycleancoin
https://cycleancoin.tumblr.com
https://www.linkedin.com/company/cycleancoin
https://plus.google.com/u/2/102697979511855351265
http://steemit.com/@cycleancoin
https://medium.com/cyclean-coin

44

REAL-PRODUCT BASED PLATFORM

GAME

E-Commerce

JPAY
Members
Store

Crypto
Exchange

Public Private
B.C
B.C
Rental
payment

JPAY
Machine

JPAY
Kiosk

9

Koco’s
Zone

MVNO
biz

Disclaimer
PLEASE NOTE THAT ANY ACQUISITION AND USE OF CLCLEAN COIN (“TOKENS”) IS BY NATURE SPECULATIVE
AND INTRINSICALLY CARRIES SIGNIFICANT FINANCIAL RISKS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE POSSIBLE
LOSS OF ALL VALUE INVESTED IN TOKENS. PRIOR TO PURCHASE, CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE POTENTIAL
RISKS AND, TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY, CONSULT A LAWYER, ACCOUNTANT, AND/OR TAX PROFESSIONAL OR
OTHER ADVISORS TO EVALUATE THE RISK ENTAILED. DO NOT OVERCOMMIT. WE MAKE NO PROMISES NOR
WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER OF POSSIBLE GAINS OR RETURNS, IN CASH OR IN ANY OTHER FORM. YOU CAN
POTENTIALLY LOSE ALL YOUR CONTRIBUTION. WE ALSO DO NOT GUARANTEE IN ANY WAY THE SUCCESS OR
FULL EXECUTION OF OUR APPLICATION OF PROJECT. TOKENS ARE UTILITY TOKEN TIED TO OUR APPLICATION.
THEY ARE NOT, AND SHALL NOT BE USED IN ANY WAY AS, EQUITY, ASSETS, BONDS, SECURITIES, DEBENTURE,
COLLECTIVE INVESMENT SCHEME, DERIVATIVES OR ANY OTHER FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS. YOU UNDERSTAND
AND AGREE THAT THE PURCHASE OF TOKENS IS NOT MEANT TO GENERATE ANY PROFIT, INTEREST, GAIN,
DIVIDEND NOR EVEN TO MAINTAIN THE SUBSTANCE OF YOUR CONTRIBUTION. YOUR PURCHASE OF TOKENS IS
HEREBY ONLY INTENDED TO ALLOW US TO DEVELOP THE APPLICATION OF OUR PROJECT IN VIEW OF EXECUTING ITS VISION AS MENTIONED IN THIS WHITE PAPER. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE TOKEN IS NOT
A SECURITY AND DOES IN NO WAY MAKE YOU A SHAREHOLDER OF OUR COMPANY. NOR DOES IT GIVE YOU
ANY RIGHT ASSOCIATED TO THE SHAREHOLDING OR THE MANAGEMENT OF ANY COMPANY, INCLUDING THE
APPLICATION OF OUR PROJECT, OR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES OR SUBSIDARIES. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE
THAT WE DO NOT OWE ANY DEBT TOWARDS YOU WITH RESPECT TO TOKENS AND WILL HAVE NO OBLIGATION
TO BUY YOU BACK ANY TOKENS YOU PURCHASED OR TO REFUND YOU IN ANY WAY, NOR TO ENSURE YOU ANY
ADVANTAGE OR DISCOUNT WHATSOEVER IN RELATION TO, OR IN EXCHANGE OF, TOKENS YOU PURCHASED.
YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR SEEKING LEGAL, BUSINESS, TAX, REGULATORY, ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL ADVICE IN THE JURISDICTIONS RELEVANT FOR YOU WHEN PURCHASING TOKENS. YOU SHOULD
NOT INTERPRET THE CONTENTS OF THIS WHITE PAPER AS LEGAL, BUSINESS, TAX, ACCOUNTING, INVESTMENT
OR OTHER ADVICE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE TOKEN SALE IS NOT AN EQUITY, ASSETS,
BONDS, SECURITIES, DEBENTURE, COLLECTIVE INVESMENT SCHEME, DERIVATIVES OR ANY OTHER FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS OR A SALE OF DERIVATIVES WHATSOEVER. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE TOKEN
SALE IS NOT DONE UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF ANY REGULATOR. THESE TERMS DO NOT REPRESENT A
PROSPECTUS FOR THE ISSUANCE OF AN EQUITY, ASSETS, BONDS, SECURITIES, DEBENTURE, COLLECTIVE
INVESMENT SCHEME, DERIVATIVES OR ANY OTHER FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND
AGREE THAT NEITHER THIS WHITEPAPER, NOR ANY OF THE TOKENS, HAVE BEEN OR WILL BE REGISTERED OR
FILED UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF ANY JURISDICTION OR APROVED, RECOMMENDED
OR DISAPPROVED BY ANY SECURITIES OR OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY NOR HAS ANY SUCH AUTHORITY
CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS WHITE PAPER AND TOKENS. When
making an investment decision, you should either conduct your own research and analysis or seek advice
from an expert to make a calculated decision. Token does not offer Investment Advice or Brokering Services.
Company provides Information only and offers further support during working process. This Website is
constituted and accepted by the information solely on the website, otherwise this must be declared. Company
creates equal opportunities to citizens, residents, representatives of companies across the world except for
those from the United States of America, Hong Kong, Singapore, China and Korea for legitimate warranty,
details of which shall be referred to the Terms and Conditions of Sale. Otherwise, any legal issues, loss or
damage without limitation (including indirect or direct) arising whatsoever from limited legal knowledge must
be liable for their own consequence. Accordingly, Company will not be liable, whether in contract, even in
force majeure, for damages, costs or other failures arising from your investment. We reserve the right to
refuse any complaint(s) in the event of lack of knowledge. You should identify any information you find on
Website that you want to rely on, whether this is used for investment decisions or otherwise. Any action taken
even after legal warning will be solely placed responsible of the actor and not on CyClean’s platform or
Tokens.

45

