DACC White Paper
Decentralized Accessible Content Chain
Version 0.3.2, June​ 12th​, 2018
Abstract

Decentralized Accessible Content Chain (DACC) is a platform that will revolutionize the digital
content and media industry. DACC will establish a public blockchain that features ownership
and access management at the infrastructure level in digital media industry. A decentralized file
system that contains intrinsic identity and access management (IAM) will be implemented to
give users and content creators methods to securely initiate, store, and manage access
permissions to their data and IP. IAM ensures that only authenticated users can access the
resources they are authorized to use, and resource owners will have full control over the user
authentication and authorization process. Content creators, curators, and consumers will all be
properly and fairly incentivated to build a community that places content creators at the center
stage.
In addition to this underlying infrastructure, a full suite of developer tools will also be created
which will allow any user or entity to easily build and develop content-related decentralized
applications (DAPP’s) for any digital media platform on top of DACC. DACC Foundation will also
set aside a special fund, aka, community development fund via DACC labs, to incubate
developer community to create innovative Dapps on DACC platform. DACC will revolutionize
the digital media economy by innovative technology, distributed global community and special
token model and reward system, which finally empower real creators in digital media industry.
Copyright © 2018 DACC Development Team

Version History
●
●
●
●
●

Version 0.1 - January 31, 2018
Version 0.2 - February 9, 2018
Version 0.3 - April 30, 2018
Version 0.3.1 - May 31, 2018
Version 0.3.2 - ​June 11, 2018

1

1. Background
5
1.1.Overview
5
1.2 Digital Media Industry Challenges
5
1.3 DACC IAM-Based Solutions
7
1.4 DACC Competitive Advantages
8
1.4.1 Infrastructural Innovations Based on IAM System
8
1.4.2 Unique Consensus Algorithms - Scalable with High Volume Transactions
with Low Latency
8
1.4.3 World-Class Distributed Global Community and Autonomous Governance 9
1.4.4 Concrete Use Cases to Deliver Real Value to Digital Media Industry
9
1.4.5 An Innovative Incentive Token Scheme
10
2. DACC IAM-Based BlockChain Platform
2.1 DACC Overall Architecture
2.2 DACC IAM File System
2.2.1 File Partition and Permission Map
2.2.2 Compatibility between Decentralized and Centralized Storage
2.2.3 IAM based Modular open to other blockchains
2.3 DACC IAM Based Public Blockchain
2.3.1 Consensus Algorithms
2.3.2 DACC Virtual Machine
2.3.3 Block Structure
2.3.4 Block Contents with Smart Contract
2.3.5 Block Creation
2.3.6 Public Chain Security
2.3.7 Technical Comparison between Major Blockchain Platforms
2.4 DACC Developer Tools
2.4.1 DAPP Development Structure
2.4.2 DACC Standard Libraries for developers
2.4.3 Token economy templates and GUI tools (to users, particularly content
creators)
2.4.4 DACC Chain Service for developers

10
10
11
12
12
13
13
13
14
15
15
16
17
17
18
18
19

3. DACC Ecosystem
3.1 DACC Labs and DACC Audio Dapp
3.1.1 Benefits of a Audio Content DAPP
3.1.2 DACC Audio Content DAPP
3.1.3​ Participants in the DACC Platform

20
20
20
21
22

20
20

2

3.1.4 Proof of Recommendation (PoR)
Rewards for Content Creation
Promoter Cooperation
3.1.5. Content Creation, Pricing and Curation
Copyright Protection
Deposit Requirements
Content Pricing
Content Curation
3.2 DACC Multimedia Ecosystem with Vinci Partnership
3.3 DACC Ecosystem Based on Global​ Crypto Community

23
24
24
25
25
26
26
27
27
28

4. The DACC Foundation and Governance
4.1 The DACC Foundation
4.2 DACC Governance

28
29
29

5. DACC Token
5.1 DACC Token
5.2 Initial Token Issuance and Allocation
5.3 DACC Token Additional Issuance

30
30
30
31

6. DACC Project Roadmap
6.1 DACC Technical Project Roadmap
6.2 DACC Community and Ecosystem Roadmap

32
32
33

7. DACC Core Team Members

34

8. Key Advisors and Strategic​ Participants

35

9. Institutional ​Participants

39

10. Disclaimer

40

11. Risk Factors

3

1. Background
1.1.Overview
The advancement of internet and network technology over the past decade has allowed for the
rapid rise and global proliferation of digital content industry, mainly in three categories, IP data,
user and network data. How platforms protect copyright and IP data remains a pointed topic of
debate, with content creators pointing to annual content piracy revenue losses of US$12.5
billion1 for the US music industry alone and US$31.8 billion2 for the global online TV and movie
industries. On the user data arena, we have over 5.1 billion use mobile phones, over 4.0 billion
use the internet, and over 3.1 billion use social media3. How content and media platforms share
user data has become a topic with recent scandals at companies like Facebook, where over 87
million users had their data unknowingly exposed to third parties. How platforms charge for user
data has always been an issue, as highlighted by the ongoing struggle for content creators to
claim more streaming revenues from centralized platforms such as Facebook and Google. We
have seen regulatory bodies take measures against these issues, such as the EU’s recent
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) to address personal data privacy. However, these
measures ignore the fundamental problem that exists in today’s data-driven world - data that is
owned and maintained by centralized interests will always be subject to security risks,
non-transparent sharing and access grants, as well as unfair monetization by their custodians.
Due to this unbalanced incentives between content creators, publishers, curators and
consumers, the core component in this ecosystem, the content creators, lack the incentive to
create high quality content that contribute to the proliferation of the community. We believe that
data ownership and access management should be removed to the greatest extent possible
from centralized interests and given back to their respective owners and creators.
Over the last decade, we have witnessed exponential growth in cryptocurrencies and
blockchain-based new economy. Bitcoin price soared from US$0.003 to US$20,000, with each
price crash leading to a quick recovery and a new all-time high. Hundreds of cryptocurrencies
reached market caps of more than US$1M. The underlining blockchain technology was an even
larger source of innovations, leading to Ethereum, smart contracts, token’s, and a broader new
economy built upon decentralized applications. it is expected to transform all the major
industries of modern society, including finance, communications, energy, military, etc. In fact,
the blockchain technology is so disruptive that it is widely recognized as web 3.0 -- the internet
of value.
The blockchain technology is the very first technology innovation in human history to
revolutionize relations of production. The centralized model of relations of production worked
well for bringing human beings from African savannas to the modern society of 21st century,
thanks to its high efficiency of organization. However, it also largely sacrificed individuals’
freedom and rights of wealth. That is why there are billionaires as well as struggling workers and
​Simon Kemp, We Are Social, ​Digital in 2018: World’s Internet Users Pass the 4 Billion Mark​ (January 2018)
Stephen E. Siwek, Institute for Policy Innovation, ​The True Cost of Sound Recording Piracy to the U.S.Economy​ (August 2017)
3
Simon Murray, ​Digital TV Research​ (January 2018)
1
2

4

farmers in every country today. The issue is much worse for digital world. Large corporations
like Google and Facebook are able to scale very quickly by growing users and charge for user
data with only minimum earned interests shared back to content creators.
At the core of relations of production are people’s ownerships and accesses to means of
production and value of production. Highly civilized society requires deep and broad
collaborations between multiple parties, ownership of the work and access to the produced
value are keys to relations of production in modern society. This is even more so for digital
world. Therefore, to revolutionize relations of production with decentralized internet and
blockchain technology, the most significant and urgent problem to solve is ownership, access,
and identity management.
Social media, content authoring platforms, and the internet’s open platform have together
created the digital content industry. From the audio content we listen to, the video content we
watch, the content we upload and download everyday, the digital content industry has
witnessed an enormous growth in its scale and depth. ​However, the rapid development of the
digital media trend has inevitably brought more challenges to the industry. A Matthew Effect has
gradually emerged, and the vertical monopoly of large and centralized companies within the
industry has made it virtually impossible for independent, aspiring, and lesser known content
creators and artists to display their talents and charge others for the use of their IP. Highly
centralized content management methods have encouraged platforms to cater only to well
known professional content generators, which has curtailed the vast potential of content
generation from undiscovered amateur creators.
More important problems in digital media industry exist too, especially for user privacy. There is
a huge conflict between users’ privacy and advertisement. Also, the content creators and
followers need to clarify all the rights of access of network data. Other problems such as unclear
data ownership and information asymmetry continue to plague the industry.
Not only is the industrial infrastructure backwards, it also lacks an effective IP protection system.
The scope and speed of information dissemination in today’s digital world is growing rapidly,
and transmission costs are converging to zero. This has duly served to spread both original
content and pirated content.
DACC is the world's first decentralized IAM content chain.​ DACC will revolutionize the digital
content industry and will fundamentally solve the issues of data ownership and access control
through the combination of blockchain infrastructure and IAM technology.​ IAM is a system for
securely initiating, storing and managing user identities and data access permissions. IAM
provides for proper authentication (ensure users are who they claim to be) and authorization
(ensures users have access only the data and resources they are entitled to). ​DACC provides a
complete decentralized IAM file system, IAM public blockchain, IAM chain services, and a
complete set of development tools to build any content-based platform or DAPP in DACC’s
ecosystem.
DACC identifies IAM as the key issue to solve because of two reasons:
1. The blockchain technology revolutionize relations of production of modern society.

5

2. The key issue of relations of production is people’s ownership of means of production as
well as access to the produced wealth, In another word, identity and access
management.
DACC protects users' privacy by recording file access logs into blockchain. DACC avoids
content copy-and-redistribution through two methods:
1. De-duplication of files in DACC File System. Whenever DACC File System discovers
files with the same content hash value but different root source, it sends alerts to all file
owners, and it's up to the owners whether to appeal for the content or IP being copied.
2. Whenever content consumers discover similar contents with different root source, they
can choose to report to DACC Admin Committee. Successful report rewards the user
who reports.

1.2 Digital Media Industry Challenges
Centralized content platforms and media companies like Facebook and Yahoo have failed us.
Under their watch, three key problems have proliferated: personal data theft, IP piracy, and
monopolization of monetization. DACC fundamentally solves each of these issued by integrating
IAM concepts and technology into the infrastructure, block structure, and token economy of the
DACC platform.
Personal Data Theft
As the digital trend grows, data becomes more valuable. Centralized content platforms and
media companies recognize this, and for years they have built their business models around
obtaining as much data as possible on any and all users. While this has served these
companies (and their profits) well, this has also made these companies into targets for hackers.
System breaches and personal data theft has become increasingly common among today’s
centralized corporates.
Facebook has been embroiled in a public controversy where 87 million of its users had their
data inappropriately obtained by Cambridge Analytica, a third party political consulting, data
mining, and data brokerage firm. Cambridge Analytica allegedly used this data to influence voter
opinion during the US presidential elections. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has been brought
to testimony in front of both the US Congress and EU Parliament in April and May 2018.
However, Facebook has thus far avoided major fines or sanctions stemming from its data
scandal.
Equifax is one of the largest consumer credit reporting agencies in the US and keeps records on
all US citizens’ credit history by obtaining transaction and banking data from financial institutions
that lend or issue credit (i.e. banks and credit card companies). During May-July 2017 hackers
accessed personal data of 146 million Equifax customers. This data included Social Security
numbers, driver’s license numbers, credit card numbers, birth dates, addresses, and more.
There were reports of inside executives selling company stock before news of the breach was
released, and ultimately the company CEO had to step down.

6

Uber had a combination of names, email addresses, phone numbers, and driver’s license
numbers of 57 million customers and drivers stolen by hackers in October 2016. According to
reports, hackers obtained login credentials to Uber’s Amazon Web Services account and gained
access to its data. To make matters worse, Uber was found to have known about the breach but
instead of reporting it to authorities Uber decided to pay the hackers $100,000 to delete the
stolen data and keep the breach incident a secret.
Yahoo was found to have had the names, birth dates, phone numbers, passwords, security
questions/answers, and backup email addresses used to reset lost passwords stolen by
hackers in 2013. Investigators determined that virtually all of Yahoo’s 3 billion users were
affected. Afterwards, copies of the stolen data were reported to be shopped for $300,000 per
copy to known espionage and spamming groups.

Network Data Abusement
Especially in social media industry, the unclear permission of different network data cause a lot
of problems too. The users have limited control of their own network data, the platform leverage
these data heavily, and the content creators or organizers have limited access to utilize these
network data too. This cause unbalanced economic model and unclear conflict between the
participants in digital media industry.
IP Piracy
One of the most challenging issues when dealing with digital content is how to detect and
ensure the original source of any data or IP. Lack of copyright protection affects not only the
reputation and earnings of the content industry, but also disincentivizes the creation of new
content.

Monopolization of Monetization
The digital media industry has seen tremendous growth with the advancement of digital
technology and platforms. Digital media is reaching more people in more formats and in more
channels than ever before. However, while content creators and consumers have benefitted
from broader exposure and access, the main beneficiaries of the digital audio trend have been
the centralized platforms that control and distribute content. These centralized platforms
typically have business models where content rights aggregators (i.e. music labels) take 55% of
revenues, content distributors (i.e. platforms like Spotify, Youtube, etc.) take 40% or more of
revenues, and content creators are left with less than 5% of total revenues generated.
Growth in the digital media industry has been realized in spite of creators, and for this growth to
be sustained all parties, from creators to consumers and all actors supporting content
distribution and technology infrastructures, must be fairly and properly incentivized. These
incentives are needed to develop and reward creativity, and without such incentives the digital
content market will fail to reach its full potential. Only the top fraction of artists and creators with

7

industry leverage will be able to support their endeavors, and the vast majority of potential
content IP from lesser known content generators will never be published.

1.3 DACC IAM Based Solutions
The current centralized model is backwards. DACC’s IAM based platform will put data
permissions and access management back into the hands of right participants in the digital
media industry. DACC’s public chain will feature IAM at the infrastructure level,utilize IAM with
data storage, and embed IAM into block creation. By treating the access to content, user,
network data as a transaction, DACC’s platform allows for greater user sovereignty and control
over their own creative content and their public social profile, reputation, and network data.
Users can control access to their data, and users can determine how they charge users for the
use of their data.
As long as centralized companies and data platforms exist there will continue to be data
breaches. DACC solves this issue by integrating IAM elements throughout its decentralized
infrastructure. Within each transaction, within each block, and within the file and storage system,
DACC uses IAM to protect data and allow for data access control at a granular level. Users
directly control who has permission to access their personal data, network data or content IP.
Data access permissions are treated as transactions in DACC and immutably stored on DACC’s
public chain. Data access is also treated as a transaction that is also immutably stored on
DACC’s public chain so that any access by any user can always be traced and verified.
DACC will utilize machine learning methods in data processing and community governance
committee to identify IP, user data and network data. Whether any uploaded content data is
determined as genuinely original will depend if the uploaded content is the only copy and if there
is any dispute involving the content. DAPPs on DACC come with templates that allow for
systems with special DACC nodes and arbitrators to verify and determine if copyright abuse has
occured.
Not only DACC will provide IAM based blockchain service in digital media industry, but also it
will innovate the coordinate economic model in digital media by building a global community and
token economy. DACC will revolutionize the digital media in the near future.

1.4 DACC Competitive Advantages
DACC is a platform that will revolutionize the digital media industry. DACC will establish a public
blockchain that features data ownership and access management at the infrastructure level. A
full suite of developer tools will also be created, making it easy to build on top of DACC and
develop content-related decentralized applications (DAPP’s) for all users and use cases.

8

1.4.1 Infrastructural Innovations Based on IAM System
DACC will be designed with the following core technical elements in mind:
● A decentralized file system that contains intrinsic identity and access management (IAM)
and a scalable public blockchain used as a ledger for recording transactions
● Smart contract capabilities, including the ability to issue new tokens (launch ICO’s) and
the ability to build any content-related decentralized application that requires strong IAM
（​We will have a special agency to verify whether the coin created by the user is a
securities token. If it is a securities token, we do not recognize its validity.）
● Developer tools with abstracted token economy templates for both creative c​ontent and
social network data.
● Modular decentralized file system with strong IAM controls that can be called by other
blockchain services
● Token Economy Template and GUI tools for both creative content and social network
data.

1.4.2 Unique Consensus Algorithms - Scalable with High Volume Transactions
with Low Latency
●
●
●

DACC file system identifies and delegates different accesses of creators, distributors,
organizers, and consumers.
DPOS+VRF used as consensus algorithm on public chain to ensure the scalability and
high volume transactions with low latency
DACC tokens used for transaction fees and storage fees, block producers and storage
providers are rewarded with DACC tokens

1.4.3 World-Class Global Community
The DACC team comprises of industrial veterans from media, technology, and social media
platforms with a combined of 50+ years of experience and building a user community with over
20M user base. We aim to bring technological innovations in blockchains, combining our
experience in building community, first to the content media industry.
● Experienced team that enables rapid community formation. The team has brought about
the formation of 3AM blockchain community, one of the largest blockchain community in
Asia-Pacific regions with 10M user base. The team also created one of the most popular
blockchain group, 499-block community, with 100,000 followers.
● Global crypto community of 200,000+ users with organic growth of 50,000 users per
week, in major English speaking countries including USA, Europe, as well as Korea,
Japan and China.

1.4.4 Concrete Use Cases to Deliver Real Value to Digital Media Industry
While blockchain technology show promises across many industries, and bitcoin has been the
main implementation of blockchain application so far. However, we believe DACC can bring
immediate value to the blockchain ecosystem and multimedia content and media industry where
9

content creators face urgent challenges in creating meaningful and high quality audio and media
contents.
● First wave adopters of DACC protocols will be the digital media companies in blockchain
industry. DACC will help media company build their own DAPPs on DACC blockchain
and help solve immediate issues such as securing original content creation,
anti-plagiarism and protections of user data.
● Multimedia industry especially audio industry will be among the first wave adoption as
well. As mentioned earlier, audio content creators will see immediate revenue generation
and curators will directly benefit from curating and discovering quality content. DACC will
partnership with Vinci Smart Headphone to develop its audio ecosystem.
● We believe innovation is the essential part of DACC development. DACC Labs will
develop its own DAPPs which has innovate features and economic model. DACC first
Dapp will be it’s audio Dapp, also developing its second crypto media Dapp.

1.4.5 An Innovative Incentive Token Scheme
●

In the traditional digital media industry, publishers took a significant amount of profits
which deters the motivation of content creators. The highlight of the DACC protocols is to
the tackle the imbalance between creators, curators, referrers, consumers and
developers.

●

In DACC community, DACC Token incentives will be mostly rewarded to block
producers, infrastructure maintainers and ecosystem developers,

●

DACC aims to place content creators back to the center of the stage and eliminate the
intermediaries that cause unnecessary friction of content creation. DACC will empower
the content creators in the long run.

10

2. DACC IAM-Based BlockChain Platform
2.1 DACC Overall Architecture

Figure 1. DACC core architecture and components

DACC platform is world’s first IAM based platform which includes 3 parts, a distributed file
system with built-in IAM, DACC public chain and DACC development tools. DACC will focus on
developing a modular based decentralized file system with IAM, this can be plugged in other
public chains too. DACC public chain also features strong IAM controls, with DPOS/VRF
Consensus to ensure scalability. Additionally, DACC will provide development tools for different
parties of digital media industry, including content creators who have limited development
resources, developers who are building their own DAPPs in digital media industry and other
blockchains who need IAM system.

2.2 DACC IAM File System

11

Figure 2. DACC’s decentralized file system and IAM elements for data control

DACC’s IAM file system is the most fundamental infrastructure and innovation of DACC
architecture. It includes file sharing system, permission maps, migration engine from centralized
storage to decentralized storage. More importantly, the whole system is modular and
independent from the rest of DACC architecture, so any other public chain that needs modern
decentralized storage with IAM capabilities can easily implement DACC file system.

2.2.1 File Partition and Permission Map
DACC allows users to upload data in any format. Data must also be uploaded with a form of
permission map. This map defines access permissions and delegations and enables IAM on
uploaded content. Permission maps can be modified and updated at any time by content
creators.

12

Figure 3. DACC FS handling file download request

Figure 4. DACC Permission Map Example

13

Data access requests are also straightforward and only require the requestor’s public key as
identifier and the address of the requested content itself. Once these inputs are authenticated
by the file system and authorized by the content owner via permission map, an access response
is generated and the requested content is delivered to the requestor.
Content and data are stored on DACC’s distributed file system. All files will be split into
partitions, and each partition will have a corresponding permission map. Partitions will be
allocated across different servers, and file replicas will be stored to prevent data loss.
Below we present our concept of Proof of File Control. To establish our proof, some rules must
be set.
1. Data provided by a supplier is stored on the supplier’s node and not on another user’s
node.
2. Suppliers cannot commit to store more data than they are physically able to store.
3. No outsourcing of data storage is allowed.
The next step is to validate that the number of data copies that users claim to store is consistent
with the actual number of data copies users actually store.

2.2.2 Compatibility between Decentralized and Centralized Storage
DACC supports data storage over a distributed network such as IPFS, as well as centralized
cloud storage solution such as AWS. We anticipate that the data storage will become a long
term investment for tons of terabytes of data. Participation in storage providers will require a
significant amount of financial investment. In the meanwhile, we believe in the power of
community and encourage participation of all content creators, content consumers and partners.
Therefore we provide compatibility of individual storage providers who can contribute hundreds
of GB (gigabyte) storage, as well as data center who can contribute PB (petabyte) storage.
The Proof of Storage Control will be represented by Proof of Storage. The process of
determining Proof of Storage requires three stages:
● Files will be divided into smaller chunks together with permission map, digitally signed by
the data owners with token incentives. Such request will be published on the DACC file
system.
● Storage providers will see those requests and accept storage request together with
Token incentives.
● Such Token will be locked in an escrow account and be distributed to the storage
provider upon completion of storage with Proof of Storage over a period of time.

2.2.3 IAM based Modular open to other blockchains
DACC IAM file system will be designed following a modular design philosophy. The IAM
features including the permission map will be visible from other blockchains via secure protocols
with API. DAPPs built on DACC, or even DAPPs on other blockchains will be able to directly call

14

API and fetch information on DACC permission map and file system, encouraging data
transactions and liquidity of digital asses on DACC community.

2.3 DACC IAM Based Public Blockchain
DACC will develop its own public blockchain with an infrastructure and features in mind to
support easy DAPP development for content-based platforms.

2.3.1 Consensus Algorithms
DACC’s consensus algorithms feature different participants’ proof of the access of content, user
and network data. The access includes ownership, usership, and etc. This proof can be
transferred to stake, which can get the different benefits of the platform.
Three parameters must be considered when designing technical network system:
decentralization, security, and scalability. Only two of these three parameters can be fully
prioritized, and different systems will choose different priorities based on their specific needs.
Content based chains and applications require security and scalability to ensure full intellectual
property protection and a smooth user experience even as the number of users greatly
increases.
Current cryptocurrency and blockchain solutions in the market are not robust and fast enough to
support large scale communities. For example, Bitcoin and Ethereum support transaction
speeds of 7 and 20 transactions per second, respectively. Other popular cryptocurrencies such
as Bitcoin Cash (60 per second) and Litecoin (56 per second) are not much faster4.
DPOS is one of the few consensus algorithms that has been shown to provide high
performance and scalability with small sacrifices to decentralization. This consensus method is
also slightly centralized in that ultimately only a select committee of block producers (or
“witnesses”) are allowed to produce blocks on the chain and earn associated transaction fees.
However, through these witnesses greater performance and scalability can be achieved.
DACC will leverage learnings from other DPOS protocols that focus on facilitating and
expediting blockchain transactions, such as Graphene5. The technology behind Graphene has
been demonstrated to support up to 10,000 transactions per second with some straightforward
optimizations in server capacity and communication protocols. With this transaction speed, the
DACC can easily support up to 315 billion transactions per year. If we assume 10 ratings per
user per day, DPOS can enable the DACC to support up to 86 million daily active users
(DAU’s).
Regarding forks and their handling and mitigation, DPOS-based blockchains are generally
resistant to forks as block producers are incentivized to cooperate rather than compete to
produce blocks. Through DPOS, the rate which blocks are produced and added to any chain or
4
5

Raul Amoros, ​Transactions Speeds: How Do Cryptocurrencies Stack Up To Visa or PayPal?​ (January 2018)
Graphene Technical Documentation (​http://docs.bitshares.org/​)

15

fork chain is dependent on how many block producers working on the same chain or fork. In
other words, any particular fork with more producers working on it will have blocks added to it
faster relative to other forks. And in situations where any fork occurs, the network is designed
such that consensus will always choose the fork or chain with the most number of blocks (i.e.
the “longest” chain). Additionally, any block producers found to be producing blocks on different
forks at the same time will be removed by the Management Team.
To further improve DACC’s public chain integrity, verifiable random functions (VRF) will also be
used in conjunction with DACC’s DPOS consensus. Using VRF, a publicly verifiable
randomness will be generated to choose validators. Via VRF, a fair and secure mechanism can
be established to choose who will be proposing next block. In return, block validators will be
properly awarded with DACC tokens for their work in proposing blocks. With VRF and block
signatures, fast consensus (sub 1 second) can be achieved among block producers and
transactions can be confirmed in an immutable manner.

2.3.2 DACC Virtual Machine
DACC’s platform software can be abstracted as a network that facilitates the communication of
validated transactions between network and user accounts. In this way, any software language
or virtual machine can be compatible with DACC as long as they can be integrated with DACC’s
platform software API.
Validation of transactions involves two parts: validating if a transaction conforms to internal
standards, and validating if a transaction has the necessary prerequisites such as sufficient
transaction inputs. After a transaction is validated, then DACC application or blockchain states
can be updated. DACC’s software will encourage parallel computing opportunities to the
greatest extent possible by clearly defining blockchain state access rights for the validation of
transactions and for the actual updating of application and blockchain states. Through this,
DACC’s platform can process transactions more efficiently.
DACC virtual machine will support Ethereum VM, but will mainly support WASM (web
assembly), a more efficient system than EVM. WASM also supports JIT compilation, allowing
developers to write C/C++, java code that can be run on DACC VM.

2.3.3 Block Structure

16

Figure 5. DACC block structure and core content components

2.3.4 Block Contents with Smart Contract
All blocks and transactions contained on DACC’s public chain will include at least a part of the
hash of the previous block header. This is meant to preclude the false duplication of any block
or transaction on any fork. This also serves as a record of a block producer’s DPOS on any fork.
The header for each block will also contain a Merkle tree root which summarizes all transaction
data contained in the block. Merkle tree roots are derived through a series of hashing starting
from the “bottom” or leaf nodes of the tree and all the way back up to the Merkle root. If any
single detail of any transaction in the block is changed, then the Merkle root for the blocked is
changed as well. Merkle roots provide a quick and easy method to verify if any transaction is
included in any given block. Through this verification, the Merkle root can be used to protect the
integrity of the transaction data within each block.
Merkle trees can be downloaded one branch at a time, and the integrity of the downloaded
branch can be quickly checked and verified. This partial branch checking can be done even if
other branches of the Merkle tree are still not complete. This aspect of Merkle trees and DACC
blocks opens up the feature of Simplified Payment Verification (SPV). SPV is a method of
verifying if particular transactions are included in a set of transactions within a block without the
requirement of downloading the entire set of transactions within a block.
Permission Transactions

17

As with all blockchains, blocks on DACC’s platform will store transactions. However, DACC’s
blocks will be specifically designed to store transactions revolving around permission and
access to content. By treating the access to content and data as a transaction, DACC’s platform
allows for greater user sovereignty and control over their own creative content and their public
social profile, reputation, and network data.
Transactions on DACC’s platform will generally fall into two categories: creative content
transactions and social network data transactions. Creative content transactions relate to
content IP. These transactions will allow for the transfer permission assignments to users and
will also keep logs and statistics on content access by users. Content creators can charge other
users DACC Tokens for accessing their contents as they deems appropriate, it can be over a
period of time or over a permanent period. Access logs can be analyzed to understand
consumer behavior and quantify content quality. Social network data transactions relate to
personal data and information. These transactions will allow for the delegation of access
permission to users and entities of the data owners’ choosing.
Smart contract can be built to facilitate permission transactions through developer toolkits. More
details can be found in a later chapter.

2.3.5 Block Creation
DACC’s platform software will initially designate a block production time of 10 seconds. Platform
usage will be monitored and this block production time may be adjusted accordingly. Block
producer will be allowed to produce blocks every 10 seconds, and each block may only be
produced by one block producer. In the event that a block producer misses or skips their block
production time, then the DACC platform will require the block producer to wait another 10
seconds before producing the next block. If certain block producers continually miss block
production times or become inactive for an extended period of time, they will be voted out of
their witness status and will be prevented from producing blocks again for a certain period of
time.
DACC blocks will be produced in intervals of 6N blocks, where N represents the number of
block producers and each block producer produces 6 blocks per interval. Prior to each interval,
N block producers are selected by vote among DACC’s token holders. The order in which the N
block producers produce blocks will be determined fairly through random order generation.

2.3.6 Public Chain Security
DACC implements formal verifications (FV) to ensure security over DACC blockchains. Although
bugs are inevitable, we are planning to implement a systematically exhaustive approach to build
a mathematical model with codes to consistently improve blockchain security. Security is a
paramount matter to DACC community. With recent glitches found on Ethereum platform where
smart contract owners introduced bugs that can be exploited and led to overflow of float
numbers. DACC blockchain is set to protect the digital assets of all participants.

18

Furthermore, we are also going to set aside bounty program that encourages developer
community to build and improve DACC blockchain project. Developers will be rewarded with
bugs found and software improvement implementation under the developer community fund.

2.3.7 Technical Comparison between Major Blockchain Platforms
Our goal is for DACC to be the best blockchain infrastructure for all digital media platforms that
require solid IAM solutions in addition to scalability, decentralization, and tools to facilitate easy
development of DAPP’s. DACC’s software compares favorably to the leading decentralized
platforms in the market.

Ethereum

EOS

Filecoin

Stellar

DACC

Medium

Strong

n/a

Weak

Strong

n/a

n/a

Weak

n/a

Strong

Scalability

Weak

Strong

Strong

Strong

Strong

Decentralization

Strong

Medium

Strong

Medium

Medium

Developer Friendly

Strong

Strong

Weak

Medium

Strong

IAM at Chain Level
IAM at File Level

Figure 6. DACC comparison of features vs. leading blockchain platforms

DACC is the first blockchain project that brings IAM at both chain and file level, providing direct
IAM from user identity to file access. Filecoin initially tackles the access management issues but
offer only weak IAM at file level. Premier blockchain projects such as Ethereum and EOS
focused on something else, a more universal blockchain platform that is built for
general-purpose blockchain applications, rather than managing user data on chain, or at
storage level. We find such a niche will create true value for managing user data and contents
with permission map.
Scalability has been discussed extensively elsewhere within the blockchain community, while
the DPOS + VRF consensus mechanism is one of most promising technologies that aim to bring
scalability with limited compromise over decentralization. In such case, DACC, along with EOS,
filecoin, and stellar demonstrate better scalability than the POW mechanism that Ethereum
currently employs.
As mentioned earlier, DACC does not over-emphasize decentralization for the sake of
decentralization. DACC values real value creations and protection of user data/contents using
blockchain technology.

2.4 DACC Developer Tools

19

A full suite of developer tools will be created to allow end users, companies, and research
groups to easily create content-based DAPP’s for a variety of purposes including, but not limited
to, audio content, video content, token curated registries, etc.
DACC’s DAPP development framework will abstract the process of DAPP creation with simple
and easy to use modular tools and functions. Fully customizable token economy templates will
be included so that any token fee, incentive, and reward system can be created and
implemented to suit the needs of the content application and ecosystem being created. DACC’s
wallet application can be seamlessly integrated into any DAPP built on DACC’s public chain to
provide a simple and easy solution for token transfer and storage with and DACC DAPP.

2.4.1 DAPP Development Structure

Figure 7. DACC tools and templates to assist with the development of DAPP’s

DACC’s platform will come with a full suite of developer tools designed to abstract and simplify
the process of building content related DAPP’s. Developers may opt to use standard templates
provided by DACC to quickly create DAPP’s and token economies for more basic use cases.
Developers may also choose to use DACC’s standard library, wallet, and chain service tool kits
to build on top of standard templates or create new DAPP’s from scratch.
DACC’s standard library will include modules for IAM and storage as well as containers for
DAPP’s. DACC’s wallet toolkit will allow developers to integrate DACC with existing payment
20

gateways, cold storage wallets, and exchanges. DACC’s chain service will allow for features
such as chain information scanners and layer 2 protocols to be implemented in DACC DAPP’s.

2.4.2 DACC Standard Libraries for developers
DACC offers a full suite of libraries that enable developers to build on top of the DACC IAM file
system.
Data/File creation
This happens when a new file/chunk of a data is requested to be store on the DACC IAM
system.
Developer toolkits that allow file owners to digitally sign the content with private key.
Permission Update
Libraries that allows permission map to be created when file/data is uploaded, updated
thereafter.
Permission update api that supports permission map updates post transactions.
Access Request
This library supports parties to request access to certain files. This library also supports various
rules and types of requests. The request takes inputs of requestor’s public key and other
information such as price, gas fee, etc.
Access Response
Access response takes care of boolean decisions whether access is granted or not, upon file
owner’s discretion.
DACC DAPP container
DACC container provides environment where DAPP is run on DACC virtual machine.

2.4.3 Token economy templates and GUI tools (to users, particularly content
creators)
Token economy templates and GUI tools allow users, particularly file owners, or content
creators, to quickly submit their original content onto the DACC IAM file system, enabling such
content for liquidity and transactions through secure transactions.
This part of technology will be completed by DACC development team and offered to the
community as the basic toolkit for the user-facing community.

2.4.4 DACC Chain Service for developers
DACC chain services is built with onchain ABI engine that allows interaction with DACC
blockchains.
Public APIs will also be available for scanning and fetch information on DACC block chains.
Layer 2 connectors allows DACC chain information exchange between DACC and other
blockchains and incumbent cloud systems and apps.
21

3. DACC Ecosystem
DACC’s public chain integrates IAM and content permission controls at the infrastructure level.
This makes DACC the ideal blockchain solution for any and all types of content based DAPP’s,
especially where personal data and IP are important assets. From token curated registries to
social network platforms, DACC’s software allows content creators and owners full control over
how their data is accessed, shared, and charge for the use of their data.
Below highlight one example of how DACC can be used to build a content-based DAPP with
considerations for participants, content creation and storage, and token economy and
incentives. We outline this use case in the framework of an audio content DAPP built on the
DACC platform.

3.1 DACC Labs and DACC Audio Dapp
DACC will build up DACC labs to innovate in digital media and blockchain industry. This will set
good examples for developers in crypto industry, social media and multimedia industry. Based
on the former experience, DACC Labs will launch its audio DAPP firstly.

3.1.1 Benefits of a Audio Content DAPP
Data and statistics highlight the trending growth in the audio and music content industries,
driven by demand for digital and streaming content in particular. However, for growth to be
sustained all parties, including music artists and content creators, must benefit. Content creators
need greater security with respect to their copyrights and need greater incentives to reward and
develop their creativity. Existing digital content platforms significantly lack incentives for content
creators. Platforms such as Spotify, SoundCloud, and iTunes utilize centralized distribution
models which often add several layers of conflicting interests between content creators and their
content consumers. In doing so, these platforms reduce transparency and keep content creators
far removed from their customers and incentives. The limitation of data in the hands of
centralized platforms also greatly impacts the ability of smart audio devices and audio AI
assistants to improve. While devices like Echo and Airpods have shown the market a glimpse of
the potential from these devices, much of that potential still remains untouched. Audio AI is in
need of much more data to improve the intelligence of voice AI assistants and create more
natural and useful audio interactions for users.
The solution to these problems is a decentralized audio content community and platform which
is based on blockchain technology and uses consensus algorithms to properly incentivize and
reward all parties - from content consumers and creators, to data storage providers and
blockchain validators. There will be no middle man, music conglomerate, or centralized content
platform to take incentives and profits out of the market. With DACC’s IAM technology, users
and content creators can be assured that their data will not be stolen or misused, and that their
data can only be accessed by the people and parties they choose.
22

An audio DAPP would create an open, transparent, and secure ecosystem where audio content
and all rewards and incentives that come from content creation, curation, storage, distribution,
and exchange remain within the ecosystem for the benefit of all. Furthermore, this DAPP could
be designed to connect all decentralized audio content with smart audio devices and drive the
market for next generation audio content, devices, and interactions.

Figure 8. The gap between streaming content value and revenues (Source: IFPI)

3.1.2 DACC Audio Content DAPP
The goal of an audio content DAPP would be to establish a transparent, secure, decentralized,
and incentives driven framework for the open creation and exchange of audio content. The
DAPP will aim to provide a fair and transparent platform with a self-governing ecosystem and
where audio content value is determined by community consensus. This will be achieved by
using blockchain technology to record and reward value-added actions by platform actors.
These actions include audio content creation, content curation, validating transactions, providing
data storage, and more.

23

Figure 9. System architecture examples of an audio content DAPP built on DACC infrastructure

3.1.3 Participants in the DACC Platform
Content Creators and Content Consumers
Artists, singers, podcasters, bloggers, and other individuals or groups who provide audio
content within the DAPP ecosystem. Users who listen and subscribe to music, podcasts, blogs,
and other audio content in their daily lives. Users also have the power to curate, rate, and
review content in the DAPP and through their collective actions decide which creators become
more popular.
Management Team
The DACC Development Team will elect within the DACC Development Team an experienced
team to help manage the DAPP community (“Management Team”). The Management Team will
decide on the adjusting of system parameters, which may include transaction fees, ratings and
reviews, user authorizations, and creation of new nodes. The Management Team will regularly
conduct community comments on their feedback on the DACC platform.

3.1.4 Proof of Recommendation (PoR)
We propose to use Proof of Recommendation (PoR) to quantitatively measure the value of
exchange within the DAPP and actively reward both content creators and content consumers for
performing value-added actions. We note that content here can mean both audio content and
reviews posted by other users. PoR works in two ways. First, when content consumers become
content curators and rate/review audio content, the content curator is rewarded through PoR.
This serves to incentivize consumers to continue rating content so that good content can be
filtered for the benefit of the entire platform. Second, content creators receive rewards as a
function of the PoR generated on their content. This serves to incentivize content creators to

24

continue making good content to earn PoR and benefit all platform users with a selection of
higher quality content.
The formula for Proof of Recommendations can be generally expressed as:

Rewards are calculated based on the quota consumed for curation. DT is factored in to reward
users with higher token balances. Furthermore, to incentivize users to discover, try, and curate
new content, a variable is added which increases the rewards earned for curating new and
lesser known content.
Each user will receive a curation quota that is set once a day at a specified time. This quota is
based on the following formula:

The quota formula is designed such that users who are inactive and go for days without rating
or reviewing content will see declining increases in their daily quota. Meanwhile, users who
frequently provide ratings and reviews will be able to use more quota over time and thus have
more influence in the DAPP. The formula is also designed to take users’ PoR into account and
provide higher quotas for users with higher PoR.
Whenever a user posts a rating or review, a certain amount of their quota is consumed. This
consumed amount is based on the following formula:

25

The consumption formula is designed such that providing many ratings and reviews in a short
period of time is expensive, so as to discourage spamming. Users can continue to provide
ratings and reviews so long as their daily quota remains positive.

Rewards for Content Creation
The amount of DACC tokens received by content creators is also correlated to the total
contented created on that day. The more the total content created by the community, the tokens
received by the creators will be multiplied by the factor brought by the community coefficient. In
addition, the more curated and well known a creator’s content is, the more rewards they receive
for receiving subsequent ratings and reviews.

Promotor Cooperation
Audio content creators can also set up cooperation mechanisms which allow other users to earn
a share of DACC tokens paid from purchased content. Users can help to promote and market
content through a trackable, user-specific referral link whereby any token generated by the
referral link are split between the content creator and the user as per the rules of the promoter
cooperation policy.

26

Figure 10. Example profit sharing scheme and respective payouts

3.1.5. Content Creation, Pricing and Curation
All users are eligible to create and provide audio content to the DAPP community. Content can
be in the form of song files, song albums and playlists, internet radio stations, podcasts, and
more. Creators are encouraged to provide high quality content as this can help creators earn
DACC tokens through purchases or earn DACC tokens rewards from obtaining positive user
ratings and reviews. These rewards and earnings all go directly to content creators, and there
are no platform, listing, or distribution fees charged by third party interests.

Copyright Protection
In order to address copyright protection and maintenance, all content ownership information will
be recorded and time stamped into the blockchain when content is created and posted. This
ownership information will be publicly available on the blockchain, thus allowing all users to
trace any content back to its original creator. The copyright itself will take the form of a private
key that is generated when content is created and can only be accessed by the original content
creator. The private key (copyright) owner has full ownership over the content they create, and
can also decide how their content will be used and distributed. Private key owners also have the
right to transfer and/or distribute their content copyright to other users, although content creation
will always be attributed to the original content owner as recorded on the blockchain.

27

Deposit Requirements
As a safeguard to deter creators from providing fraudulent content to the public, creators will be
required to place a deposit by way of DACC Tokens each time they post content. This deposit
acts as validity of posted content and ensures that content creators assume responsibility in
asserting ownership of their posted content and IP. ​After a creator’s posted content has
received 80% of purchases and reviews, and no complaints of plagiarism have been received
within one month after the publication of the content, the deposit will be returned to the creator.
And if a plagiarism complaint is received after one month of publication, we will set up a
commission of inquiry to verify the matter. If it does constitute plagiarism, we will cancel
creators’ exclusive qualifications. The amount of initial deposit required may be reduced for
creators who demonstrate a history​ of posting authentic content and have received threshold
number of good reviews from consumers. In any case where content fraud is found, such as if a
creator violates the content copyright or otherwise violates the terms of use of the DAPP, the
creator will face a penalty which includes confiscation of their deposit as well as potential
access restrictions. All decisions with respect to content deposits, including initial amount
required, criteria to have deposits returned, and thresholds to reduce or waive future deposit
requirements will be determined by the Management Team. An appropriate balance must be
maintained such that deposit requirements are high enough to deter fraud and copyright abuse,
but not high enough to significantly deter creators from posting content.
Arbitration
Forums for arbitration will be provided to allow consumers to request refunds if discrepancies
are found between the content information advertised by creators and the actual content
purchased by consumers. A consumer can submit a refund request to the Management Team
together with the record of transaction. The consumer and the content creator will then enter
into arbitration. The Management Team will investigate by comparing the marketing information
and actual content provided before deciding on the arbitration. If meaningful discrepancy is
indeed found, the paid DT for the content will be taken from the creator’s DT balance and
returned to the consumer. The creator will also have their deposit confiscated and may lose
access to some or all features of the DAPP.
Content Pricing
The audio content DAPP will put pricing directly in the control of content creators and out of the
hands of large corporates, digital platforms, and other third parties. Creators have complete
discretion on how to price their content, how to charge for their content, and how to share the
revenue for their content if desired. Free market forces and supply and demand will help to
guide creators towards the optimal price for their content. In addition, the DAPP will provide
tools such as content ranking charts with filters for price, type, genre, purchases, reviews, and
more to further assist creators in determining the best pricing for their content.
Pricing options for creators will generally fall under three categories: ​Free Content, One-Time
Payment, Subscription.

28

Content Curation
Content curation plays a crucial role in the DAPP token economy. In any industry, platform, or
situation, having more data and information is always beneficial. Curation, ratings, and reviews
are forms of information that bring many benefits to the DAPP community, such as:
●

Filters out low quality content and creators, and promotes good content and creators.

●

Helps consumers make more informed decisions when selecting which content to
purchase.

●

Provides a leading indicator on which content, music genre, artist, podcast, etc. are
popular among consumers, and allows creators to adjust their content and pricing
accordingly if desired.

●

Aids with price discovery for all content, and if incentivized properly, can also aid with
price discovery for lesser known content and creators. This is particularly important for
indie artists, new podcasters, etc. who are just starting out and producing new content.

The more users curate data within the DAPP, the more these benefits will be realized by all
parties. Therefore it becomes imperative to create a platform that encourages and incentivizes
as much curation as possible. The DAPP incentive system will rewards users for curating and
which also rewards creators for receiving good ratings and reviews.

3.2 DACC Multimedia Ecosystem with Vinci Partnership
Through strategic partnership with Vinci Smart Headphones, which is the first headphone with
on-device artificial intelligence. Since its creation, Vinci has established a worldwide technology
and fashion brand with its ecosystem partners, ranging from such as Spotify, SoundCloud,
Baidu Music, and KKbox, to media partners such as MidemLab. Also, DACC core members also
participated establishing the Vinci brand worldwide and won media acclamation in technology
media such as Forbes, USA today, Engadget and Cnet. Through collaboration with Vinci, DACC
team is equipment with experience that bring DACC blockchain technology to the worldwide
developers and users.

29

Figure 11. Strategic partnership with Vinci Smart Headphones to develop multimedia ecosystem

3.3 DACC Ecosystem Based on Global Distributed Crypto
Community
DACC will leverage its community impact in crypto industry to expand its ecosystem starting
from crypto medias, community and other content creators.
Core members of the DACC team have been building artificial intelligence technology, social
media platforms and a global community in the past 12 years. Cumulatively, the team comprised
of core members with total of up to 50 years of community experience with a user community
with over 20M user base. We aim to bring technological innovations in blockchains, combining
our experience in building community, first to the content media industry.
The DACC team has demonstrated consistent track record of building community. The team
has brought about the formation of 3AM blockchain community, one of the largest blockchain
community in Asia-Pacific regions with 10M user base in 5 months. The team also created one
of the most popular blockchain group, 499-block community, with 100,000 followers.
Global crypto community of 200,000+ users with organic growth of 50,000 users per week, in
major English speaking countries including USA, Europe, as well as Korea, Japan and China.
With leading community support, DACC ecosystem will build up its own ecosystem from digital
media that close to its crypto community.

30

4. The DACC Foundation and Governance
4.1 The DACC Foundation
The DACC Foundation​ Pte. Ltd​. ​(“​DACC Foundation​”)​ is intended to be an exempt private
company limited by shares that maintains and facilitates the democratic governance of the
DACC for all members.
The DACC Foundation will consist of 3 Directors. These Directors will be scrutinized and
selected strictly upon their merits and reputation within their respective industries. Key decision
making with respect to the operations and applications of the DACC will be determined by
majority vote of the DACC Foundation only. The DACC Foundation will operate upon 3
immutable guiding principles:
●

Impartiality.​ Directors will act and vote independently, with only the best interests of the
operations, applications, and members of the DACC in mind.

●

Directors will be paid a nominal salary with respect to their work with the DACC
Foundation. Outside of this, Directors shall not be allowed to partake in any profit making
activities in relation to their responsibilities with the DACC Foundation.

The mandate of the DACC Foundation will include:
●
●
●
●

Open and transparent governance of all DACC tokens issued and distributed
Support for and advancement of the technologies related to the blockchain
implementation within the DACC
Ensuring the protection of users data and privacy
All matters related to ecosystem membership

4.2 DACC Governance
The DACC Foundation will be registered as a separate legal entity with its own governance
framework. This governance framework, as well as the DACC Foundation itself, will be advised
by leading industry professionals and will implement best practices from other industry
established foundations. Additional measures will be put in place to adequately respond to
changes in industry regulations and requirements.

DACC blockchain will also adopt a series of development templates in the future:
● Token template
● DACC Foundation token issuance template
● DACC improvement plans template
31

5. DACC Token
5.1 DACC Token
DACC token is the currency for all transactions, gas fees and reward to block validators and
storage providers: (“​DACC Token​”). Additionally, a special allocation of DACC Tokens will be
used to develop the community (10%), DACC software development, system maintenance and
security development (15%), also reward the special contributors and advisors (10%). See
below for a detailed allocation table. The price of the DACC Token is 1 ETH for 200,000 DACC
Tokens.
DACC Token holders will not be granted any shares and management rights over the DACC
platform, DACC Foundation and/or any subsequent company being set up. DACC Token
holders will not be entitled to any dividends or income from the DACC Foundation or the DACC
platform as a result of holding the DACC Tokens.

5.2 Initial Token Issuance and Allocation
The DACC Foundation proposes to generate and issue DACC Tokens soon after the
incorporation of the DACC Foundation. Upon issuance and prior to the completion of the DACC
platform, DACC Tokens will be issued as tokens based on the ERC20 Ethereum Token
Standard.
The initial issuance of DACC Tokens will consist of 30 billion tokens. The hard-cap of the Token
Sale Sale is 30,829ETH.The allocation of this initial issuance is summarized in the following
table.

Allocation

Vesting
Period

Release Schedule
*After listing on exchange

Angel Round Participants

10%

6 months

40% no lock-up; /30/30% after 3/6
months

Pre-Sale Round Participants

12%

3 months

50% no lock-up; 50% after 3 months

Open Round Participants

8%

3 months

90% no lock-up; 10% after 3 months

DACC Development Team

15%

2+ years

20% every 6 months

DACC Advisors

10%

2+ years

20% every 6 months

DACC Community and Global
Partnership

10%

32

DACC Foundation
*Reserved for platform
Total at Crowd-Sale Close

35%
30,000,000,000 DACC Tokens
Figure 1. Proposed initial allocation of DACC Tokens

The proceeds raised from the initial issuance of DACC Tokens are intended be used for the
following purposes:
●
●
●

To fund the research, development, and establishment of the DACC
To hire and retain the talent and expertise required to build the DACC
To cover the marketing and operating expenses related to the expansion and growth of
the DACC

5.3 DACC Token Additional Issuance
DACC will hold the right to issue a certain amount, less than 5% of the total tokens each year, to
develop DACC ecosystem and improve liquidity of DACC Token. Approval of such additional
issuance will be subject to the governance regulations described in section 4.2.

33

6. DACC Project Roadmap
6.1 DACC Technical Project Roadmap

34

6.2 DACC Community and Ecosystem Roadmap

35

7. DACC Core Team Members
The DACC Development Team comprises of talents from the world’s top universities and
institutions.

36

8. Key Advisors and Strategic Participants

Jeffrey Wernick
Advisor
Entrepreneur, Private Investor.
Bitcoin investor since 2009

● 40 years of investment experience
including Uber and Airbnb
● In addition to DACC, also on QTUM
advisory board
● Began career trading options/
futures while at the University of
Chicago. Later worked at Salomon
Brothers
● As investor, his focus expanded to
the sharing economy, biomedical,
and blockchain technologies

Jared Polites
Advisor
Head of Marketing at Crypto
Media Group
● Has been involved in over 40
projects blockchain projects to date
as an ICO advisor
● These Projects have raised over USD
300M

Walter Komarek
Advisor
Co-founder INK, Angel
Investor, President and
Managing Partner at
Forbesfone
● Being a respected figure in the
European telecom market, Walter
Komarek is CEO at Angel Investment
and a President and Managing
Partner at Forbesfone (the largest
Maltese telecom company). Walter
Komarek is engaged in telecom,
new technologies and blockchain
startups.
● Having graduated from the
University of Salzburg, Walter
Komarek has proficient expertise in
business strategy and business
development.

Zhao Dong
Investor
Founder of DFund
● Majored in Software Engineering
from Dalian Jiaotong University
● Chairman of Galaxy Investment Co
Ltd, the largest Bitcoin OTC trading
platform in China
● Early blockchain investor, used to
operate one of the largest bitcoin
mines in China
● 10 years of experience in software
development, and was founder and
CTO of Ink Weather

Andy Tian
Advisor
CEO and Co-Founder of Asia
Innovations Group

Philippe Bouaziz
Advisor
Founder of Prodware Group

● Co-Founded AIG, whose flagship
product Uplive is the highest
monetizing mobile live video
platform across APAC and Middle
East

● Philippe is known as one of the
leading tech personas in Europe
and Israel, sitting on numerous
advisory boards for engineering and
business schools

● Previously GM of Zynga China and
also led Google’s mobile business in
China

● Founded Prodware Group in 1989.
Global IT solutions company (EPA:
ALPRO) which has served 17,500
customers in 75 countries

● Head of the Gifto project and
successfully launched the Gifto ICO

Oliver Li
Advisor
Partner of Draper Dragon
Fund
● Over 10 years of VC experience with
companies such as Sino-Century,
Withub VC, and South River Capital
● Placed successful investments in
software, semiconductor, gaming
sectors, such as Jiaoda Withub (HK
8205), Hyron Software (Shenzhen
002195), Actions Semiconductor
(Nasdaq ACTS), and Wind (financial
data service company)

​Luca Nichetto

Advisor
Founder and CEO
of Nichetto Studio
● World renown art and industrial
designer who has won international
prizes, including the Gran Design
Award, the Good Design Award, the
IF Product Design Award, and the
Elle Designer of the Year Award
● Art director for numerous design
brands, exhibitions and
competitions in Europe, the US, and
Japan

37

Matthew Cheng
Advisor
Founder and Managing
Partner of Cherubic Ventures

Justin Sun
Investor
Founder of TRON

Omer Ozden
Advisor
Legal Counsel at ZhenFund
and DFund

● VC expert and founder of Cherubic
Ventures, whose portfolio includes
Coinbase, Flexport, Virgin
Hyperloop One, Wish, Ring, TianGe
Interactive, LiuliShuo, and Pinkoi

● Founded and successfully launched
the TRON (TRX) platform and ICO

● International securities lawyer with
20 years experience VCPE, IPO’s,
M&A, fund formation, and
securities regulation

● Founding member at Tian Ge
Interactive (1980:HK), China's
largest live social video platform
● Selected to China's "Top 40 under
40" list from 2013-2016 by Cyzon

David Zhu
Investor & Advisor
Cofounder of 3am Block
Community & DACC
Foundation Partner
● Serial Entrepreneur in the Social
Media and Social Networks space
● Pioneer in the China mobile
messaging space and founder of
companies such as Tongxue.com
● Founder of Vinci Smart
Headphones, world’s first
standalone headphones with
built-in AI
● Founding Partner of Roark Fund
which has invested in over 20
blockchain projects

● Founder and CEO of PEIWO, an app
aspiring to become China's
Snapchat and has recorded more
than 4 billion chats to date
● Was named a Davos Global Shaper
in 2014 and was also formerly the
representative of Ripple in China

● Has worked with NetEase, Alibaba,
Baidu, New Oriental, Suntech,
E-Long and their investors,
including SoftBank, Goldman Sachs,
DragonTech, Warburg Pincus and
Merrill Lynch
● Previously a Partner at Baker &
McKenzie LLP and led the China
securities transactional team on PE
financings, IPOs and securities
compliance

​Jia Tian
Investor & Advisor
Chief Scientist at BitFund.PE
and Metropolis VC

● AI industry veteran and former
Senior Developer at Baidu and
Alibaba
● Currently serves as the Chief
Scientist at BitFund.PE, a bitcoin
fund which was founded by Xiaolai
Li and has been dedicated to
supporting the bitcoin community
since 2013
● Mr. Tian is also an advisor to
multiple blockchain tech startups
such as IOST, DATA, Hydro, and
more

​Haobo Ma

Investor
AELF CEO & Founder

● CEO & Founder of AELF, a
decentralized cloud computing
blockchain network. AELF currently
has a market cap of over USD 250M
● CEO & Founder of Hoopox which
develops blockchain as a service
solutions
● CTO & Co-Founder of GemPay,
China's first Bitcoin payment
company
● Member of Blockchain Expert
Committee of China Electronic
Association, and a member of
Blockchain Professional Committee
of China Computer Society

Yu Hong
Investor
Founder of 3AM Community
Founder of KFund
Founder of QYGAME
● Founder of 3AM Community, the
largest blockchain community on
wechat
● Launched KFUND, a professional
investment agency focused on
exploring global blockchain
innovation opportunities
● Established Beijing Qingyun
Interactive Technology Co., and has
launched a number of S-level page
tour products
● Elected as one of the top ten
figures of Zhongguancun in 2012

​Roy Li
Investor & Advisor
RuffChain CEO

● Fudan University Master Tutor
● Former Director of Technology for
Nokia (North America), responsible
for the development of OVI
development platform and
Symbian operating system
● Provides security consulting
services for companies such as
Symantec and VeriSign
● Has provided end-to-end consulting
for ICO projects such as TNB, RNT,
RCT, AIDOC, PST, RED, RUFF

38

Li Quan
Investor & Advisor
DFund Partner

Kevin Xu
Advisor
Founder of BlockVC

Huang He
Investor
Co-Founder and CEO
of MailTime

● Well known investor in the the digital
currency sector and provides
end-to-end investment banking
services for blockchain and ICO
projects

● Previously worked at DragonMind
Group, a venture capital, private
equity, and M&A firm in Beijing

● Serial entrepreneur and founder of
2 mobile communication
companies - TalkBox and MailTime,
which recently came out of Y
Combinator (W16)

● Has advised many blockchain and ICO
projects, including TNB, QASH, AELF,
Cybermiles, LLT, MobileCoin,
Beechat, and more

Grace Fan
Advisor
Brink Asset CEO
● Graduated from the department of
Business Management, University of
British Columbia
● BD Director of RuffChain
● Internet serial entrepreneur with
years of experience of sales and
marketing
● IoT enthusiast, in charge of several
IoT operations projects

● Held positions at Credit Suisse and
Wecash focused on data science
and machine learning
● Chairman of Blockchain Investment
Academy (BIA)

Wenxing Ge
Investor & Advisor
DFund Partner
● Well known investor in digital
currency

● Creator of the top podcaster in
China with over 2 million views
daily
● Co-founded and launched
successful ICO for MDT
(Measurable Data Token)

Ray Wu
Investor
Managing Partner at Skychee
‘Ventures
● Former and partner at Cybernaut
Capital Management
● Former Managing Director of HP’s
new business ventures.
● Veteran at Cisco Systems, and
held several senior positions
leading investment, M&A, and
internal incubation
● Dual M.B.A. degree from Berkeley
and Columbia

Kathy Chen
Advisor
Former CEO of Twitter
Greater China

Dou Wang
Investor
Founder of JIC Capital

● Currently works as Area Vice
President at IT and cloud company
Citrix

● Blockchain Robot inventor.

● Previously General Manager of the
SMS&P Greater China Team and
General Manager of Cloud and
Enterprise Product Group at
Microsoft

● Invested more than 100
blockchain projects all over the
world with high returns.

● Global Community operations
expert.

● Previously General Manager of
Eastern China Region at Cisco

39

9. Institutional Participants
The DACC is proud to have the support of the venture capital and blockchain investment
communities.

40

10. Disclaimer
DACC Foundation does not make, and hereby disclaims, any representation or warranty with
respect to or DACC Tokens (such as merchantability or fitness for particular purposes), except
those expressly specified in this White Paper. Each participant’s decision to participate in the
DACC Token sale and purchase any DACC Token shall be made based on his/her own
knowledge of the DACC platform and DACC Tokens and the information disclosed in this White
Paper. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, each participant will, upon the launch
of the platform, accept DACC Tokens on an “as is” basis, irrespective of the technical
specifications, parameters, performance or function thereof. This Whitepaper may be amended
from time to time and the Foundation and Distributor shall be under no obligation to inform you
of such amendment. You should read carefully this Whitepaper, and any amended version
thereto, including the final version of this Whitepaper, as may be published at http://dacc.co.

DACC Foundation hereby expressly disclaims its liability and refuse to be liable for the following
liabilities:
(1) any person’s purchase of DACC Tokens in violation of any anti-money laundering,
counter-terrorism financing or other regulatory requirements that are imposed in any jurisdiction;
(2) any claims or breach of intellectual property rights as a result of any content shared by the
content provider on the DACC platform;
(3) any person’s purchase of DACC Tokens in violation of any representation, warranty,
obligation, covenant or other provision under this White Paper, which results in the failure of
paying and withdrawing DACC Tokens;
(3) termination of the DACC Token crowdsale for any reason;

41

(4) failure or termination of the DACC platform’s development which results in the failure to
deliver DACC Tokens;
(5) delay or rescheduling of the DACC platform’s development and resulting failure to meet any
published schedules;
(6) any error, flaw, defect or other issues in the source code of the DACC platform;
(7) any malfunction, breakdown, collapse, rollback or hard forking of the original public chain the
DACC platform replies on;
(9) utilization of the proceeds raised through the DACC Token sale;
(10) failure to promptly and completely disclose any information relating to the development of
the DACC platform;
(11) any participant’s divulgence, loss or destruction of the private key to his/her wallet for
cryptocurrency or cryptographic (in particular the private key to the DACC Token wallet);
(12) any default, breach, infringement, breakdown, collapse, service suspension or interruption,
fraud, mishandling, misconduct, malpractice, negligence, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or
winding-up of any third-party crowdfunding DACC platform or exchange for DACC Token;
(13) any difference, conflict or contradiction between this White Paper and the agreement
between any participant and any third party crowdfunding portal;
(14) trading or speculation of DACC Tokens by any person;
(15) listing or delisting of DACC Tokens on or from any exchange;
(16) DACC Tokens being classified or treated by any government, quasi-government, authority
or public body as a type of currency, securities, commercial paper, negotiable instrument,
investment instrument or otherwise that results in it being banned, regulated or subject to
certain legal restrictions;
(17) any damage, loss, claim, liability, punishment, cost or other adverse impact that is caused
by, associated with, in connection with, incidental to or relevant to the risk factors disclosed in
this White Paper.
This is a conceptual white paper describing our proposed DACC. This whitepaper may be
amended or replaced at any time. There are no obligations to update this whitepaper or to
provide recipients with access to any information beyond what is provided in this whitepaper.
Readers are notified as follows:
Not available to all persons.​ The DACC platform and DACC Tokens are not available to all
persons. Participation may be subject to certain restrictions and requirements, including the
need to provide certain information and documents.
No offer of regulated products in any jurisdiction.​ DACC Tokens are not intended to
constitute securities or any other regulated product in any jurisdiction. This whitepaper does not
constitute a prospectus nor offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer
or solicitation of securities or any regulated product in any jurisdiction. This whitepaper has not
been reviewed by any regulatory authority in any jurisdiction.

42

No advice.​ This whitepaper does not constitute advice in relation to whether you should
participate in the DACC platform or acquire any DACC Tokens. Nor should this whitepaper be
relied upon with any contract or purchasing decision in relation to the DACC platform and DACC
Tokens.
No representations or warranties.​ No representations or warranties are made as to the
accuracy or completeness of the information, statements, opinions, or other matters described
in this document or otherwise communicated in connection with the DACC Project. Without
limitation, no representation or warranty is given as to the achievement or reasonableness of
any forward-looking or conceptual statements. Nothing in this document is or should be relied
upon as a promise or representation as to the future. To the fullest extent permitted under
applicable law, all liability for any loss or damage whatsoever, whether foreseeable or not,
arising from or in connection with any person acting on this White Paper or any aspect of it,
notwithstanding any negligence, default, or lack of care, is disclaimed. To the extent liability may
be restricted but not fully disclaimed, it is restricted to the maximum extent permitted by
applicable law.
English version prevails.​ This whitepaper is provided in an official English version. Any
translation is for reference purposes only and is not certified by any person. If there is any
inconsistency between a translation and the English version of this White Paper, then the
English version prevails.
The DACC Development Team and DACC Foundation will strive to make the DACC Project as
successful as possible. However, digital assets and platforms involve risk, and success is not
guaranteed. Prospective DACC users and DACC Token holders must assess their risks and
their ability to bear those risks. In addition, all necessary professional advice, including in
relation to tax and accounting treatment, must be taken prior to participating in the DACC
platform.
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES
The offer and sale of this token has not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the “Securities Act”), or under the laws of certain states as this token should not
be taken as securities. This token may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred, pledged or
hypothecated except as permitted under the act and applicable state laws pursuant to an
effective registration statement or an exemption therefrom.
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF CANADA
Unless permitted under legislation, the holder of this token must not trade the token before the
date that the issuer becomes a reporting issuer in any province or territory of Canada.
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF CHINA
The tokens are not being offered or sold and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly,
within the People’s Republic of China (for such purposes, not including the Hong Kong and
Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan), except as permitted by the laws and
regulations of the People’s Republic of China.
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED KINGDOM

43

In the United Kingdom this document is being distributed only to, and is directed only at,: (i)
investment professionals (within the meaning of article 19(5) of The Financial Services and
Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 as amended (the ‘‘FPO’’)); (ii) persons or
entities of a kind described in article 49 of the FPO; (iii) certified sophisticated investors (within
the meaning of article 50(1) of the FPO); and (iv) other persons to whom it may otherwise
lawfully be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as ‘‘Relevant Persons’’).
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF OTHER COUNTRIES
All participants must ensure that they are permitted by the laws of their countries to purchase
DACC Tokens. DACC Foundation will only ensure that the DACC platform is legal and
compliant with the law of the issuing country but will not ensure all other countries adopt or use
similar laws, especially in the event that the participant use other methods to avoid relevant laws
or intentionally hide from any relevant legislations. DACC Foundation will not be liable for this.
This document has not been approved by an authorised person. Any information to which this
document relates is available only to a relevant person. This document is only for relevant
persons and non relevant persons shall not take any action based on this document nor should
he/she/they rely on it. It is a condition of you receiving and retaining this document that you
warrant to the DACC Foundation, its directors, and its officers that you are a relevant person.
DACC Foundation’s social media and email platform are places where we encourage
interaction, discussion, organization and participation between users of the community, in fact
anyone interested in the product of DACC Foundation.
Whilst we make reasonable efforts to monitor participation to ensure that discussions are
related to products that are made available in the community, there may be situations where we
are not in a position to monitor all statements, comments and views made by every user. We
ask that you’re respectful in your comments. We reserve the right to remove anything we deem
to be abusive or personal attacks, material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, threatening,
harassing, abusive, slanderous, hateful or embarrassing to any other entity or persons, third
party advertising, chain letters or ‘spams’. Please be aware that anything posted may potentially
be read by thousands (or hundreds of thousands) even years from now. Therefore, users
should exercise cautions when posting on any of our social media sites.
We also reserve the right to terminate involvement by users who post such content.
The views and opinions expressed on any social media sites of ours do not necessarily
represent those of DACC Foundation. Therefore, we cannot be held responsible for the
accuracy or reliability of information posted by external parties. Any information posted on any
of our social media platforms should not be considered as financial, legal, accounting or other
professional advice.
For your safety, never include your phone number, email, address or other personal information
in a post. Your comments are visible to all.
Certain information set forth in our website and other documents may contain “forward-looking
information”, including “future oriented financial information” and “financial outlook”, under any

44

applicable laws and regulations (collectively referred to herein as forward-looking statements).
Except for statements of historical fact, information contained herein constitutes forward-looking
statements and includes, but is not limited to, the (i) projected financial performance of DACC
Token; (ii) completion of, and the use of proceeds from, the sale of DACC Token being offered
during the token sale; (iii) the expected development of the business, projects and joint
ventures; (iv) execution of DACC Token’s vision and growth strategy, including with respect to
future M&A activity and global growth; (v) sources and availability of third-party financing for
DACC Foundation’s projects; (vi) completion of the platform’s projects that are currently
underway, in development or otherwise under consideration; (vii) renewal of the platform’s
current customer, supplier and other material agreements; and (viii) future liquidity, working
capital, and capital requirements. Forward-looking statements are provided to allow potential
participants the opportunity to understand management’s beliefs and opinions in respect of the
future so that they may use such beliefs and opinions as one factor in evaluating an investment.
These statements are not guarantees of future performance and undue reliance should not be
placed on them. Such forward-looking statements necessarily involve known and unknown risks
and uncertainties, which may cause actual performance and financial results in future periods to
differ materially from any projections of future performance or result expressed or implied by
such forward-looking statements. For further explanation of the risk involved in the DACC
platform’s community please consult the documents as issued by DACC Foundation.
Although forward-looking statements contained in this presentation are based upon what
management of DACC Foundation believes are reasonable assumptions, there can be no
assurance that forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future
events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. The DACC platform
undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements if circumstances or
management’s estimates or opinions should change except as required by applicable securities
laws. The reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.

11. Risk Factors
There are a number of risks involved in this DACC Token sale, as well as the future
development, maintenance and running of DACC platform. Some of these risks are beyond the
control of the DACC Foundation and the DACC Foundation’s liability is limited as set out in the
Disclaimers. Each participant should comprehend, consider and evaluate carefully the risks
described below in addition to any other available information before committing to the DACC
Project.
Each participant should pay particular attention to the fact that the DACC platform does not
have any specific physical presence. In addition, the legal and regulatory position of DACC
platform may vary depending on the facts and circumstances. They may therefore fall within the
purview of one or more jurisdictions, at least to some extent, and the legal and regulatory
implications may therefore be unexpected.
Participation in the DACC Project shall be taken as an action after careful and prudent analysis
and evaluation, and will be deemed as the relevant participant having been fully informed,
advised and willing to bear all of the risks associated with it.

45

1. AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF THE DACC PROJECT
At the date of this White Paper, the DACC Foundation is still seeking legal advice on a number
of matters including but not limited to the governance structure, operational plan and the DACC
Token sale process. Pending such advice, some or all aspects of the the White Paper and other
materials may need to be amended from time to time and the DACC Foundation and distributor
shall be under no obligation to inform you of such amendment. You should read carefully this
White Paper, and any amended version thereto, including the final version of this White Paper,
as may be published at http://dacc.co, as announced on the DACC website. The participant
should be aware of the risks associated with any possible changes, which may have adverse
effects on the utility and legitimacy of DACC Token.
2.

LIMITED AVAILABILITY OF SUFFICIENT INFORMATION

The DACC Platform is still at an early development phase as of the date of these White Paper.
Its governance structure, fees, purpose, consensus mechanism, algorithm, code, infrastructure
design and other technical specifications and parameters may be updated and changed
frequently without notice. While the White Paper contains the key information currently available
in relation to DACC Platform, it is subject to adjustments and updates from time to time, as
announced on the Website. Participants will not have full access to all the information relevant
to DACC. Nevertheless, given the nature of the DACC platform, it is anticipated that significant
milestones and progress reports will be announced on the Website, together with Subscription
options as applicable.
3.
IMMEDIATE USE OF TOKEN SALE PROCEEDS AND NO REFUND POLICY
Initially the DACC Foundation will operate with limited funding and will therefore rely heavily on
the DACC Token sale proceeds raised in the DACC Project in order to develop the DACC
platform and the operation of the DACC Foundation. By participating in the DACC Foundation
you acknowledge that the DACC Foundation shall be entitled to utilize the proceeds raised
immediately and, in the event that the development of the DACC platform is terminated for
whatever reason, you will not be entitled to refund of the part of the proceeds that were spent
already by the DACC Foundation.
4.
REGULATORY MEASURES
Cryptographic tokens may be overseen by the legal and regulatory authorities of a number of
jurisdictions globally. The DACC Foundation may receive notices, queries, warnings, requests
or rulings from one or more authorities upon short notice, or may even be ordered to suspend or
terminate any action in connection with the DACC Project as a whole without prior notice.
Furthermore, many aspects of DACC Token also involve untested areas of law and regulation,
and could be subject to new laws or regulations. Therefore, their legal and regulatory outcome
in all relevant jurisdictions is not possible to predict. The planning, development, marketing,
promotion, execution or otherwise of DACC platform or the DACC Project may be seriously
affected, hindered, postponed or terminated as a result of such new laws and/or regulations.
Since regulatory policies can change with or without prior notice, any existing regulatory
permissions for or tolerance of DACC Token or the DACC Project in any jurisdiction may be
withdrawn without warning. DACC Token could be deemed from time to time as a virtual
commodity, a digital asset or even as money, securities or currency in various jurisdictions and

46

therefore could be prohibited from being sold, purchased, traded, distributed or held in certain
jurisdictions pursuant to local regulations. In turn, the DACC platform could be deemed to be a
regulated or restricted product. There is no guarantee that DACC Token and DACC platform
can maintain any particular legal or regulatory status in any particular jurisdiction at any time.
5.

CRYPTOGRAPHIC PROTECTIONS

Cryptography is evolving and there can be no guarantee of security at all times. Advancement in
cryptography technologies and techniques, including but not limited to code cracking, the
development of artificial intelligence and/or quantum computers, could be identified as risks to
all cryptography-based and/or blockchain based systems including DACC Token and DACC
platform. When such technologies and/or techniques are applied to DACC Token and DACC
platform, adverse outcomes such as theft, loss, disappearance, destruction, devaluation or
compromising of DACC Token may result. The security of DACC Token and DACC platform
cannot be guaranteed as the future of cryptography or security innovations is unpredictable.
6.
ABANDONMENT OR DEVELOPMENT FAILURE
Due to the technically complex nature of the DACC platform, the DACC Foundation could face
difficulties from time to time that may be unforeseeable and/or unresolvable. Accordingly, the
development of DACC platform could fail, terminate or be delayed at any time for any reason
(including but not limited to a lack of funds). Development failure or termination may render
DACC Token not transferable, of reduced or no utility whatsoever, and/or obsolete.
7.
THEFT OF TOKEN SALE PROCEEDS
There may be attempts to steal the DACC Token Sale proceeds. Such theft or attempted theft
may impact the ability of the DACC Foundation to fund the development or maintenance of
DACC Token and DACC platform. While the DACC Foundation will endeavour to adopt industry
best practices to keep the Token Sale proceeds safe (including but not limited to the use of cold
storage and multi-signature authentications), successful cyber thefts may still occur.
8.
FLAW IN THE SOURCE CODE
While the DACC Foundation adopts quality assurance procedures to help ensure the source
codes as accurately as possible reflect their intended operation, the flawlessness of the source
codes cannot be guaranteed. They may contain bugs, defects, inconsistencies, flaws or errors,
which may disable some functionality, create vulnerabilities or cause instability. Such flaws may
compromise the predictability, usability, stability, and/or security of the DACC Token and DACC
platform. Open source codes rely on transparency to promote community-sourced identification
and solution of problems within the code.
9.
UNPERMISSIONED, DECENTRALIZED AND AUTONOMOUS LEDGER
The DACC platform is being developed to serve various distributed ledger systems including but
not limited to Ethereum, which are unpermissioned protocols that could be accessed and used
by anyone. In addition to the use of decentralized ledgers, the DACC Foundation intends to
make use of supporting technologies that also operate on decentralized ledgers. The utility and
integrity of the DACC platform relies on the stability, security and popularity of these
decentralized ledgers. DACC platform is envisaged to be an open, decentralized community
and its composition can include users, supporters, developers, DACC Token holders and other

47

participants worldwide who may or may not be connected with the DACC Foundation in any
manner. Given the diversity of the underlying technologies, the DACC platform is intended to be
decentralized and autonomous in nature as far as its maintenance, governance and evolution
are concerned.
10.
COMPROMISED SECURITY
The DACC platform relies on open source software and unpermissioned decentralised
distributed ledgers including but not limited to Ethereum. Accordingly, anyone may intentionally
or unintentionally compromise the core infrastructural elements of DACC platform and its
underlying technologies. This may consequently result in the loss of any digital tokens held on
the DACC Token wallet and may cause the utility of DACC Token to fall.
11.
DISTRIBUTED DENIAL OF SERVICE” ATTACKS
As an open source project, DACC platform is connected to a number of public and
unpermissioned systems and therefore may suffer cyber-attacks, including “distributed denial of
service” at any time. These attacks may temporarily or permanently impair, stagnate or paralyze
the network of the DACC platform system. This may result in delays to the recording of
transactions or inclusion of transactions in the blocks of the relevant blockchain. In severe
cases, DACC platform may also become unusable for an extensive and undefined period of
time
12.

INADEQUACY OF PROCESSING POWER

The ramp up of the DACC platform may be accompanied by sharp increases in transaction
numbers and demand for processing power. If the demand for processing power outgrows that
forecasted, the network of the DACC platform could be destabilized and/or stagnated. This may
create opportunities for fraudulent activities including but not limited to false or unauthorized
transactions (such as “double-spending”) to arise. All these may adversely impact the usability,
stability and security of the DACC platform.
13.

UNAUTHORIZED CLAIM OF DACC Token

DACC Token can be claimed in bad faith by any person who successfully gains access to the
holder’s wallet, email or if applicable, the participants account they have registered on the
Website. This can be as a result of deciphering or cracking the holder’s password or private key,
phishing scams and/or other hacking techniques. Subsequently, these DACC Tokens may be
sent to anyone and such remittance is not revocable or reversible. It is recommended that all
DACC Token holders should take appropriate security measures to safeguard their wallets
(including but not limited to the use of two-factor authentication). Each DACC Token holder is
responsible for the security of their wallet, email and Verification Account on the Website at all
times.
14.

LOSS OF PRIVATE KEY

The loss or destruction of a private key will permanently and irreversibly deny the holder access
to their DACC Token. DACC Token are controlled only by the validation of both the relevant
unique public and private keys through the local or online wallet. While it is recommended that

48

all DACC Token holders protect and securely store their private keys, each holder is responsible
for safeguarding the private keys applicable to their own wallets.
15.
FORKING
DACC Token is developed on the Ethereum blockchain, which is an open source protocol. Once
released to the open source community, anyone may develop a patch or upgrade for the source
code of Ethereum without prior permission by anyone else. The acceptance of patches or
upgrades by a significant, but not necessarily overwhelming percentage of the Ethereum
holders could result in a “fork” in the Ethereum blockchain.
The temporary or permanent existence of forked blockchains could adversely impact the
operation of DACC platform and the utility of DACC Tokens. Such a fork can undermine the
sustainability of DACC platform ecosystem, and may destroy or frustrate the DACC platform.
While a fork in the blockchain could possibly be rectified by community-led efforts to re-merge
the two separate branches, success is not guaranteed and could take an undetermined amount
of time to achieve.
16.
POPULARITY
The utility of DACC Token is dependent on the popularity of the DACC platform. DACC Token
may not be popular, prevalent or widely distributed after the Token Launch. DACC Token may
remain marginalized in the long run, appealing to only a minimal fraction of users. Also, it may
be the case that speculators could end up being key drivers of DACC Token demand. An
absence of active users or low level of utilization may negatively affect the long-term
development and future of the DACC platform, and reduce or obviate the utility of DACC Token.
17.
MARKET LIQUIDITY
After the DACC Token Launch, the DACC Foundation is not responsible for the subsequent
circulation and trading (if any) of DACC Token. DACC Token is not money, legal tender or
currency, fiat or otherwise, issued by any individual, entity, central bank or national,
supra-national or quasi-national organization, nor is it backed by any type or quantity of assets,
property or credits, nor does it represent any entitlement to any distributions of profits,
dividends, or any other returns or payments of any kind. The utility of DACC Token is solely
based on the views expressed by buyers and sellers. There is no obligation of the DACC
Foundation nor anyone else to redeem, repurchase or acquire any DACC Token from any
DACC Token holder. There is no guarantee or assurance that there may be a market where
holders may readily trade DACC Token.
18.
PRICE VOLATILITY
The circulation of DACC Token is not the responsibility of the DACC Foundation, and the DACC
Foundation will not support or otherwise facilitate the secondary trading of DACC Token. As a
result, DACC Tokens may not circulate freely or widely, and may not be listed on any secondary
markets.
Many cryptographic tokens have volatile prices. Even if DACC Token do circulate on secondary
markets, large fluctuations in price over short timeframes may occur. Such fluctuations could
result from market dynamics (including but not limited to speculations), regulatory changes,
technical advancements, exchange availabilities and other factors that impact the equilibrium
between token supply and demand.

49

19.
DACC FOUNDATION’S EXPOSURE TO CRYPTOGRAPHIC TOKENS
After the completion of this DACC Token Sale, the DACC Foundation expects that a certain
portion of the proceeds may be converted into and/or held in other cryptocurrencies or
cryptographic utility tokens. The DACC Foundation expects to convert an appropriate proportion
of cryptographic utility tokens received into fiat currencies at the sole and absolute discretion of
the directors of the DACC Foundation. For the avoidance of doubt, no DACC Token holder has
any right, title or interest in any such fiat currencies and/or cryptographic tokens.
20.
CONFLICT OF INTERESTS
As the initial supplier and architect of the DACC platform, the DACC Foundation has substantial
influence in the set-up, governance and initial operations of the DACC Foundation. The DACC
Foundation may undertake its activities, and exercise applicable rights, powers and remedies,
even if this involves an actual or perceived conflict of duty, or any person has a personal interest
in their exercise.
21.
POTENTIAL CONCENTRATED OWNERSHIP OF DACC TOKENS
Immediately after the completion of the DACC Project, a number of individuals, including but not
limited to the directors, advisors and early backers of the DACC Foundation, may directly or
indirectly own significant proportion of total available DACC Tokens. These significant DACC
Token holders may, acting alone or in concert, not necessarily make decisions that are in the
best interests of the other DACC Token holders or the wider DACC platform community as a
whole.
22.

POTENTIAL COMPETITORS

The DACC platform’s underlying infrastructural systems will utilise public decentralized ledger
which are open source in nature. Therefore, anyone can copy, replicate, change, enhance,
reproduce, re-engineer, modify, reprogram or otherwise utilize the source code and/or
underlying protocol of the DACC platform. While the DACC Foundation is proceeding with
various filings for patent and trademark protection for various components of DACC platform
and will defend its intellectual property rights, should a breach of such intellectual property rights
take place. The DACC Foundation cannot guarantee the prevention of competitors from
entering the market with similar technology. Should this happen, such competitors may
consequently compete with or even outperform the DACC platform, and may render the DACC
platform obsolete. There have been and will continue to be a number of competing
blockchain-based platforms that dedicate significant human, information technology and
financial resources to the creation and deployment of various decentralized applications and/or
smart contracts.
23.

THIRD PARTY DEVELOPERS AND SUPPLIERS

By virtue of its decentralized factor, DACC platform will aggregate systems and contents from
third parties. These will be provided by third parties, including users of the DACC community, or
shall be from other decentralized ledger projects or open source technologies. Some or all of
these third-party applications, programs or services may connect into or be set up on DACC
platform which are beyond the DACC Foundation’s restriction, vetting, authorization or control.
The DACC Foundation neither intends nor has the capabilities to act as an authority to

50

scrutinize to any extent any applications, programs or services to be developed on, connected
to or otherwise associated with the DACC platform.
24.
POTENTIAL MISUSE OF DACC PLATFORM ITS TECHNOLOGIES AND BRAND
Services or programs which may be banned, restricted or deemed immoral in certain
jurisdictions, such as gambling, betting, sweepstake, pornography, terrorism, hate crime and
otherwise, could take advantage of the unpermissioned nature of DACC platform to develop,
promote, market or operate. Regulators of a number of jurisdictions may accordingly take
administrative or judicial actions against such programs, applications, services or even the
relevant developers or users thereof. Any penal action, sanction, crackdown or other regulatory
effort made by any government, quasi-government, authority or public body (including but not
limited to any regulatory body of any jurisdiction) may significantly deter existing or potential
users away from using DACC platform or holding DACC Token. In such circumstances, the
prospects and viability of DACC platform may be negatively impacted. There is no guarantee
that the DACC platform will be free from all inappropriate, illegal or immoral use at any time.
25.
PRIVACY AND DATA RETENTION ISSUES
As a part of the DACC Token Sale, the verification processes and the subsequent operation of
the DACC platform, the DACC Foundation may collect personal information from Participants.
The collection of such information is subject to applicable laws and regulations. All information
collected will be used for purposes of Token Sale and operations of the DACC platform, thus it
may be transferred to contractor, service providers and consultants worldwide as appointed by
the DACC Foundation. Apart from external compromises, the DACC Foundation and its
appointed entities may also suffer from internal security breach whereby their employees may
misappropriate, misplace or lose personal information of participants. The DACC Foundation
may be required to expend significant financial resources to alleviate problems caused by any
breaches or losses, settle fines and resolve inquiries from regulatory or government authorities.
Any information breaches or losses will also damage the DACC Foundation’s reputations,
thereby harming its long-term prospects.
26.
GENERAL RISKS RELATING TO THE USE OF THE INTERNET OR OTHER
ELECTRONIC MEDIUM
Without limiting the foregoing risks, any communication or transaction via or information
(including any document) transmitted via the internet or other electronic medium involves risks
and by participating in the DACC Project or utilizing the DACC platform, you acknowledge that
you understand and accept the following risks:
•
We and/or Third Parties may use such authentication technologies as we deem
appropriate. No authentication, verification or computer security technology is completely secure
or safe. You agree to bear all risks of unauthorized access/use, hacking or identity theft.
•
The internet or other electronic media (including without limitation electronic devices,
services of third party telecom service providers such as mobile phones or other handheld
trading devices or interactive voice response systems) are an inherently unreliable form of
communication.
•
Any information (including any document) transmitted, or communication or transactions
made, over the internet or through other electronic media (including electronic devices, services
of third party telecom service providers such as mobile phones or other handheld trading

51

devices or interactive voice response systems) may be subject to interruption, transmission
blackout, delayed transmission due to data volume, internet traffic, market volatility or incorrect
data transmission (including incorrect price quotation) or stoppage
•
As a result of such unreliability:
o
there may be time-lags, delays, failures or loss of data or loss of confidentiality in the
transmission of data and receipt of communications; and
o
while the DACC Foundation may believe certain data to be reliable, there may be no
independent basis for it to verify or contradict the accuracy or completeness of such data.
This is not an exhaustive list of all the consequences arising from such unreliability.
•
Participants are solely responsible for preventing anything which may be harmful to any
equipment that they use in connection with DACC Token or the DACC platform (including any
computer virus, malicious program or harmful component) from affecting any such equipment,
regardless of whether it originated in connection with DACC Token or the DACC platform.
27.
TAX MATTERS RELATING TO DACC FOUNDATION’S OPERATIONS
Tax laws and regulations are highly complex and subject to interpretation. Consequently, the
Foundation is subject to changes in tax laws, treaties and regulations. DACC Foundation’s
income tax expense is based upon its interpretation of the tax laws in effect at the time when the
expense was incurred. A change in these tax laws, treaties or regulations, or in the
interpretation thereof, which is beyond the Foundation’s control, could result in a materially
higher tax expense, which in turn may limit the financial resources available to the Foundation.
Also, as the DACC Foundation actively solicits interests for the DACC Project in multiple
jurisdictions, such solicitations may lead to increased tax exposures for the DACC Foundation.
In addition, the DACC Foundation’s tax payments may be subject to review or investigation by
tax authorities from time to time. If any tax authority successfully challenges the DACC
Foundation’s operational structure, or if the DACC Foundation loses a material tax dispute, or
any tax challenge of the DACC Foundation’s tax payments is successful, the DACC
Foundation’s tax liabilities could increase substantially and the DACC Foundation’s financial
resources could be adversely impaired.
28.
TAX MATTERS RELATING TO PARTICIPATION IN THE DACC Project
Participation in the DACC Project may have tax reporting implications and liabilities for
participants from certain jurisdictions. Such liabilities shall be borne by the participants alone
and all participants are advised to consult their tax advisors prior to participating in the DACC
Project.
29.
PERSONAL CONNECTIONS WITH PARTICULAR JURISDICTIONS
Residents, tax residents or persons having a relevant connection with certain jurisdictions are
excluded from the DACC Token Sale. Changes in a participant’s place of domicile or the
applicable law may result in a participant violating legal or regulatory requirements of the
applicable jurisdiction.
Purchasers are responsible for ensuring that the delivery, holding, use or exchange of DACC
Token is, and remains lawful despite changes to applicable laws, residence and circumstances.
30.
INCOMPLETE INFORMATION REGARDING THE DACC PLATFORM
Participants will not have full access to all the information relevant to DACC Token and/or DACC

52

platform. The DACC Foundation is not required to update participants on the progress of DACC
platform.
31.
FURTHER DACC TOKEN SALES AND DEVELOPMENT AND SALE OF ADDITIONAL
TOKENS
The DACC Foundation may, from time to time, and without prior notice or consultation, sell
additional DACC Token outside of the DACC Token Sale from DACC Token’s reserve. Further,
the DACC Foundation may develop and sell additional DACC Token in respect of the DACC
platform, or otherwise raise funding for the DACC platform through any other means it deems
necessary. Purchasers will not necessarily receive notice of the sale of additional DACC Token
or of any other tokens or fundraising means.
32.
BREACH OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
The DACC Foundation and DACC platform will endeavour to monitor the content shared by
content providers and users to avoid any breach of intellectual property rights. There is no
guarantee that the content on the DACC platform will not be subject to any claims or will not
breach any intellectual property rights.

53

