A C S E E
D

DACSEE
Global Decentralized
Ride-Sharing Platform
Serving & Empowering Everyone

WHITE PAPER
Version 1.7

D

A C S E E

D

A C S E E

Contents
02

Abstract

03

Introduction

04

Industry Challenges

05

DACSEE Approach

07

Fulfilling Market Needs

09

System Elements

14

Implementation

17

DACSEE Token

18

The ICO

20

Roadmap

Abstract
The DACSEE platform is a decentralized ride-sharing platform that empowers drivers to create their own
autonomous ride-hailing service, take control of their data, and grow their own businesses. As well as pay their
initial driver start-up fees in the form of a cryptocurrency token on the Ethereum blockchain, while processing
fares from passengers with the same token or any other traditional fiat method. DACSEE’s unique social
design allows it to expand virally without assistance or control from any corporate entity. The peer-to-peer
payment methods, growth system, and drivers’ ability to grow their own network of drivers and passengers
allow DACSEE to spread and grow rapidly in new markets around the world, disrupting the current monopolistic
competitors.

*Disclaimer:​ No part of this document presents or describes any investment vehicle, or possible security, in any
jurisdiction. Any DACSEE products or information is designed solely to explain the technology being developed and the
process of public release. Contributions are made at your own risk and discretion and earn you no rights to any company
shares or anything of a similar nature

1

Introduction
Ride-hailing has existed since the dawn of the
vehicle, when early fuel stations were scarce and
travelers would have to pool their resources and
share seats to reach their destination together. In
modern times, this need has been further serviced
with GPS-powered applications that match travelers
and drivers in real-time, creating entire economies
1
that had never existed in such a way​[ ]​.
While modern ride-hailing applications have created
new solutions to the basic human need for traveling,
their proliferation has also resulted in a market
controlled by unsustainable, power-grabbing
corporations that disenfranchise the riders and
passengers, and take an enormous and regularly
2
increasing​[ ]​fees from both sides of every
transaction.
DACSEE returns the power and control to the people,
utilizing the newest trends and

1
2

technology in decentralization and cryptocurrency to
create a self-regulating and self-expanding
ride-sharing network that requires no central
authority and therefore no middleman fees. This
peer-to-peer system pairs the sharing economy with
the ride-hailing economy, empowering drivers to
create their own incomes in a number of new ways,
while expanding virally into markets that have to date
been inaccessible to centrally-run ride-hailing
services.
At the core of the DACSEE project is an
Ethereum-based token that allows for the
decentralization of payment, driver deposits and
many of the other empowering features of the
platform. Utility of the token grows in proportion to
the expansion of the platform and the initial sale of
the tokens will fund the development and growth
initiatives of the project.

Harvard Business School - Uber Changing How the World Moves - ​http://www.hbs.edu/faculty/Pages/item.aspx?num=50102
Forbes - New Uber Price Rising -- ​http://fortune.com/2017/05/20/uber-new-pricing-angry-drivers

2

Industry Challenges
Unsustainable Costs
Every emerging market experiences growing pains –
and the ride-hailing apps sector is no different.
Today it is run by a handful of giant companies that
receive excessive funding from venture capitalists
3
and even governments​[ ]​ which they use to subsidize
fare prices, artificially deflate passenger's costs, and
ultimately create unsustainable bubbles that
4
seriously harm the drivers after the inevitable pop​[ ]

Ride-Hailing Gap
The ride-hailing movement has left traditional taxi
businesses struggling, as they are unable to
compete with the massive subsidies of venture
5
capitalist-funded platforms​[ ]​. Taxis exist in many
forms around the world, from cars to powered carts
– and there is currently no opportunity for them to
join the ride-hailing movement. They are left with
only being able to be undercut by it.

Driver Costs
Drivers face a significant upfront investment cost
when they purchase a new compliant vehicle for the
app, and these costs are increasingly difficult to
recoup once the subsidies stop. The market has now
become oversaturated with drivers who are left with
greatly reduced income, and must scurry frantically
for any fares available in a market overrun with
competition.

Government Friction
Governments have been a large point of friction for
ride-hailing apps as they try to enter new countries.
Companies have been plagued by complications
with taxes – with the corporations refusing to pay
their fair share. DACSEE has a complete compliance
plan designed for each country it is pursuing which
includes a crypto-wallet that is filled by a smart
contract to use next-generation technology that
automates the collection of taxes from the rides that
take place on the platform. These plans allow
DACSEE to become a major player in new markets
very quickly, minimizing common governmental
friction points.

3

Grab Funding from Large Public Entities – https://www.reuters.com/article/us-grab-funding/uber-rival-grab
raising-2-billion-from-softbank-chinas-didi-wsj-idUSKBN19Z1K5

4

BBC Secrets of Silicon Valley: Ridesharing – ​http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b0916ghz

5

The Washington Post -- Subsidising Prices in Ridesharing –
​https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-switch/wp/2016/08/23/ubers-controversial-strategy-to-finally-defeat-lyft/?utm_term=.a42282695c26

3

DACSEE Approach
The current problems of today’s ride-hailing giants
can be reversed by returning the power back to the
individuals and offering a network structure that
allows for growth and a natural and sustainable
business flow. DACSEE provides the tools for the
individuals to take charge of their part in the
marketplace, and by them doing so the platform and
economy grows as well.

While there must be a team developing the software,
the network itself is designed in an open and
sustainable fashion where it needs no central
company for its core operations. The growth
elements built-in to the DACSEE platform will help
incentivize participants to do their own grassroots
marketing and development, allowing the platform to
grow rapidly, yet organically.

Open Source technology is a cornerstone of the
6
DACSEE operation, allowing the public to audit​[ ]​,
review, and extend the codebase for the application
as well as its lower layers.
Going open source also allows for the platform to
exist without any single point of control or weakness,
while allowing the public to take the DACSEE
application in any direction in the future, as markets
expand and future technologies become available.
The DACSEE Foundation maintains a public GitHub
Organization account where all libraries and source
code for the DACSEE project are held.
DACSEE’s hybrid-decentralized operating structure
allows them to operate in a market run by corporate
competitors while still maintaining a streamlined and
community-owned design.
DACSEE has been – and will continue to be –
developed by the highly capable Malaysian company
development team who have successfully taken the
concept from an idea to several iterations of
functional products..

6

Through these key design decisions, the DACSEE
platform brings a new ethos to the ride-sharing
economy while solving many of the glaring issues
that have arisen from the current system of
centralized, corporate control of all parties. The
growth of the DACSEE platform does not contribute
to the bottom line of a profit-seeking company, but
instead supports the overall value inherent in the
system itself, both via better driver income and
reduced passenger fares.

Tech Republic -- Key Open Source Security Benefits – ​http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/it-security/key-open-source-security-benefits

4

DACSEE Token Allocation
DACSEE Total Token Supply​ = 3,000,000,000
DACSEE Reserved Tokens ​= 840,000,000
DACSEE Driver Token Demand​ = 100 * n
DACSEE Token Total Price​ = A + P + I / 2,160,000,000
DACSEE Market Capitalisation​ = PPT * 2,160,000,000
N = Number of Drivers A = Angel Round Token Amount
I = ICO Token Amount PPT = Price Per Token

P = Pre-ICO Token Amount

5

Fulfilling Market Needs
With DACSEE this opportunity is
accelerated by the removal of
service fees that can exceed 30%.

Having evolved from the natural system of car
sharing, the ride-sharing model has uncovered many
secondary benefits for society and the planet – in
addition to creating a more efficient travel
experience throughout major cities and provides
economic opportunities for all types of drivers.

Environmentally Cleaner
As the worldwide trend toward decentralized
services and greater efficiency continues, fewer cars
may need to be made, decreasing the amount of
metals and plastics that must be extracted or
created from the earth – a process that has many
7
harmful effects​[ ]​. This lowers humanity’s global
footprint considerably and helps the world move
towards a cleaner and more sustainable path. In
addition, with every car removed from the road due
to the sharing of rides much less pollution is
released into the atmosphere, reducing greenhouse
gases and global warming.

Economic Opportunity
With modern advances in network and information
technology the sharing economy continues to creep
into every micro-facet of society, opening up new
opportunities for increased sharing and income
streams from everyday assets. This is particularly
true in the ride-sharing economy, as anyone is able to
earn income from their personal vehicle as they
please. With DACSEE this opportunity is accelerated
8
by the r​ emoval of service fees​ that can exceed 30%​[ ]​.
These business opportunities were previously only
available to incorporated and bonded taxi
companies, creating a very high barrier to entry. Now
this level of business is accessible to anyone with a
smartphone and a safe modern vehicle, which
significantly increases the global opportunity.

Decreased Traffic Congestion
Every individual that doesn’t drive removes another
car from the road. Ride-sharing drivers play a major

7

MIT.edu -- Environmental Effects of Mining -- ​http://web.mit.edu/12.000/www/m2016/finalwebsite/problems/mining.html

8

Forbes -- Uber Tests Taking Even More From Drivers With 30% Commission -https://www.forbes.com/sites/ellenhuet/2015/05/18/uber-new-uberx-tiered-commission-30-percent

6

part in the reduction of total cars on the road – by as
9
much as 75%​[ ]​. This reduction decreases traffic
congestion in cities around the world and allows for
a much safer and fluid transportation system overall.
Additionally, full-time ride-sharing drivers are known
to be safer than the average driver as they have
many times more hours behind the wheel, since it is
their full-time profession10. This uses the natural
economic force of specialization to make cities safer
and decrease overall traffic waiting times.

Saving Lives
Even with technological advances in vehicle safety
features, vehicle accidents are still the leading cause
of death for younger people in many parts of the
11
world​[ ]​. Having fewer drivers on the road and
increasing the percentage of specialized safer
operators can have an immensely favourable impact
on the amount of accidents that happen,.helping to
ensure the safety of local communities.

Less Parking Space Required
Parking lots can account for up to 14% of land in
12
developed areas​[ ]​ and have become a staple in the

9

10

11

12

13
14
15

landscapes of cities and suburbs of the western
13
world​[ ]​. This creates a massive impact on the
ecology of the planet, as it decreases the amount of
carbon-removing plants, absorbs more sunlight into
the earth and reflects more heat back into the
atmosphere. Fewer unused cars lowers the need for
parking lots, allowing new city plans to come to life.
Civil engineers and safety planners are already
planning for the impact and opportunities being
brought by ride-sharing and eventually autonomous
14
vehicles​[ ]​.

Stepping Stone to an
Autonomous Future
Transportation and autonomy technologies are
advancing rapidly, and are being tested and
15
discussed quite publicly​[ ]​:An increasing amount of
industry experts are expecting widespread adoption
16
of autonomous vehicles within 10 years​[ ]​ which will
have significant impacts on the ride-sharing
economy. DACSEE is prepared for these
advancements, having already undergone planning
phases for allowing its system to empower future
users to earn 100% of their own commission from
their own autonomous vehicle(s) to fight the
attempted corporate takeover that is being planned
17
by the current incumbents​[ ]​.

Mercury News -- Study: Uber, Lyft Carpool Services could reduce traffic by 75% -http://www.mercurynews.com/2017/01/03/study-uber-lyft-carpool-services-could-reduce-traffic-by-75-percent
Uber and Lyft drivers are safer than the average American driver, according to new report
http://www.latimes.com/business/technology/la-fi-tn-ride-hailing-safety-20160526-snap-story.html
WHO World Health Organisation - Road Traffic Injuries ​http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs358/en/
Mentalfloss - How Much Land in LA is Dedicated to Parking Spaces? http://mentalfloss.com/article/77143/how-much-land-los-angeles-dedicated-parking-spaces
NY Times - Paved, But Still Alive - ​http://www.nytimes.com/2012/01/08/arts/design/taking-parking-lots-seriously-as-public-spaces.html?mcubz=1
SD State EDU - Future of Transportation Infrastructure - ​http://newscenter.sdsu.edu/sdsu_newscenter/news_story.aspx?sid=76535
Wired - As Uber Flails, Its Self-Driving Tech Rolls On - ​https://www.wired.com/story/uber-crisis-self-driving-pittsburgh/

16

BusinessInsider - Elon Musk 10 Year Prediction http://www.businessinsider.my/elon-musk-predicts-most-cars-will-be-driverless-in-10-years-2017-2/?r=USandIR=T

17

Bloomberg - Uber’s First Self-Driving Fleet Arrives in Pittsburgh https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2016-08-18/uber-s-first-self-driving-fleet-arrives-in-pittsburgh-this-month-is06r7on

7

System Elements
Decentralized Expansion Through Circle of Friends
Participation Bonus Pool and Driver Verification
We make driving viral and keep you safe with blockchain ledgers and smart contracts
Many ride-hailing networks, such as Uber, Grab and
Lyft, utilize the concept of “alphas” or “mentors,”
where current drivers receive a one-time
recommendation bonus for registering their peers as
drivers. This system aims to create an atmosphere
of accountability among drivers and to increase
safety for the passengers.
DACSEE achieves both accountability and security by
verifying its drivers through a novel program called
the Circle of Friends Participation Bonus Pool
system. The system lets current drivers create a
network of other drivers and passengers who will be
awarded passive bonuses for various types of
participation over time.

By recommending, verifying and assisting new
drivers onto the platform, DACSEE drivers can create
an income-producing community network allowing
them to earn passive bonuses from the Circle of
Friends (COF) Pool.
Ride-hailing companies such as Grab or Uber collect
fees from drivers for every ride they assign. These
fees can be up to 30% of the cost of the ride19.
DACSEE takes a very different approach. Instead of
taking these fees from the drivers, the DACSEE
platform will consolidate the fees into a pool; the
Circle of Friends Participation Bonus Pool. The
DACSEE platform then gives out bonuses from the
COF Pool weighted on 5 criteria:

Existing drivers must validate the documents of all
drivers they recommend for participation on the
platform. In addition, before they are allowed to
register the new drivers into their community the
current drivers must assist the candidates through a
background check by local authorities. In this way
the system becomes self-sustaining. This similar
mechanism has been tested successfully in its
18
previous commercial apps​[ ]​ to spread virally
without incurring significant marketing costs.

● Circle of Friends pool /
community network size
● Number of ides within the
participants in Circle of
Friends
● Seniority in the platform
● Community ratings

The DACSEE platform is built to be sustainable long
term. The circle of Friends Participation Bonus Pool
allows drivers to build their own community network.

18

● Proof-Of-Stake –
Withholding period of the
bonuses

Malaysian Startup Symple Application – http://symple.my/

​Uber Tests Taking Even More From Its Drivers With 30% Commission
https://www.forbes.com/sites/ellenhuet/2015/05/18/uber-new-uberx-tiered-commission-30-percent/#89c820743f61
19

8

This creates a sustainable system that continually
pays a bonus to drivers during their off-hours or upon
meeting the minimum number of actions. A system
of this type uses micro-transactions and is currently
not feasible for a decentralized network utilizing
blockchain, as it would be cost20
prohibitive​[ ].​DACSEE accomplishes this feat by

utilizing the customized and scalable framework in
its server backend to handle the micro-transactions
required for the high volume of account balancing.
The bonuses received are handled in each driver’s
bonus wallet which can then be transferred to the
cash wallet and withdrawn from at regular intervals.

Figure 1: ​Application v2.0 Circle of Friends Participation
Pool Bonus Distribution
We use smart contracts and tokens to reward building the network and keeping it quality

Figure 1 (above) illustrates the flow of fees and bonuses distribution in the C.O.F. Pool.

20

Malaysian Startup Symple Application – http://symple.my/

9

A. Decentralized Ride
Monitoring Network
One of the key security features provided by the
decentralized DACSEE network is the monitoring of
rides for emergency notices and driver validation.
Each driver in the core app polls the network for
nearby cars at random and does a verification check
between the stored verification credentials hash and
the core server.

This allows all drivers on DACSEE to go into
business for themselves, as entrepreneurs that are
growing not only their own network, but the overall
DACSEE network as well – and gaining recurring
bonuses in the process.
Blockchain Strategy: ​We will refine this process via APIs
that handle the tokens initially to learn what best works in
the market. After developing a model that limits abuse
and solves demand and sustainability we will add
smart-contracts on-chain directly to give drivers true
lasting security about their passive income.

Blockchain Strategy: ​Key data is stored ​on-chain​ to
allow for the possibility of an evidence log in jurisdictions
that accept blockchain ledger transactions as evidence.

They can have the confidence
that they are building a business
with long-term value.

B. Saved Drivers List
Passengers will be able to save lists of their favorite
or most trusted drivers, allowing them to select and
book their favorite drivers for scheduled or
last-minute rides. This creates a network of trust for
each individual, which can be further expanded as
drivers recommend other trusted drivers to their
passengers if they are not able to assist them at that
time.
Blockchain Strategy: R
​ eputation and feedback are of
21
utmost importance in online networks​[ ]​, as it encourages
deeper engagement and trust within the app for users, and
motivates drivers to build reliable income streams. Drivers
Reputation goes on-chain (encrypted) to allow us to use it
for our Driver network incentives and app interactions.

C. Sustainable Passive Bonus
Income
We intend for drivers on the DACSEE platform to
build and grow their own fleet of new drivers. As they
verify and recruit drivers to the DACSEE network, the
new driver is then added to the original driver’s COF
network, collectively increasing the drivers’ bonuses
from the C
​ OF​ P
​ ool​.

21

D. Transferable and
Inheritable Taxi Businesses
As drivers expand their enterprises as described
above, they can have the confidence that they are
building a business with long-term value. All
participants, payments, and databases will be
transferable to other verified drivers on the network
– including friends, family, and colleagues.
For example, when a DACSEE driver retires, he can
hand his ride-sharing business to one of his
colleagues, creating a valuable source of income for
this new driver who is excited to join DACSEE. We
expect this type of legacy and income potential to be
particularly attractive in developing countries.
Blockchain Strategy: ​In addition, this transfer option
would allow drivers to sell their businesses to outside
interested parties who undergo similar verification to a
newly registered driver. This will eventually transition into
an on-chain smart contract function.

Need for Reputation in Online Networks –
https://www.techwyse.com/blog/searchengine-optimization/importance-online-reputation-management-orm

10

Figure 2: ​Application v2.0 Technical Flow
We have a functioning app, 30,000 drivers, and a series of dedicated Ethereum sidechains

Figure 2 (above) depicts the technical flow of the application as it handles all requests, payments and
extraneous information being processed by passengers, drivers, the local exchange(s) and the DACSEE team.
The backend consists of an API engine that is continually pulling and pushing data from the secured
MongoDB.
The front end consists of two separate but cross compatible applications that were built from the ground up by
the core team for the iOS and Android mobile operating systems.

11

Figure 3: ​Application v2.0 Payment Processing Flow
We use the DASCEE Coin to settle payments, reward drivers with oil/car service, and automate
network rewards

Figure 3 (above) depicts the flow of payments throughout the DACSEE network. For every fare that is collected
by the driver, 5 percent enters the DACSEE marketing and operations to continue expansion and operations
and another 15 percent is placed in the C.O.F. Pool, which will also then pays for other peers in the P2P system,
such as driver verifiers and node and security monitoring providers. This example of mere 20 percent offers
major cost benefits when compared to competing ride-hailing systems and returns all revenues back to the
community.

12

Implementation
(We have big plans but have been delivering on them consistently)

Phase 1

Working Prototype - Initial Application - Ethereum Token Integration &
Implementation

DONE:​ We’ve delivered on our prototype, launched an alpha token, and have a system for token interaction

The DACSEE ride-sharing platform has several
phases to its initial public release. These stages
occur in parallel with the funding rounds, which
provide capital that is immediately used for
development.
Phase 1 of the implementation involves the initial
working system prototype, which takes version 1 of
the software and begins to integrate the
next-generation token payment features. The iOS
and Android mobile applications of the fiat version
have been completed and are available for testing.
We intend for these to be made completely
open-source on the DACSEE Foundation Github after
the funding rounds have completed.

We plan for the Ethereum payment gateways and
exchange integration to power the test payments
made at this stage. Here APIs and cross-system
operability will be initialized, setting the stage for the
future releases to offer complete functionality of the
fare payment and COF bonus systems.
This initial release will lay the foundation for future
public releases, which will iterate quickly as DACSEE
scales to many global markets. The initial features
should be completed by the core development team
before the end of the sale periods, allowing rollout to
begin and the next recruitment steps to be underway
as the funds are collected in parallel.

13

Phase 2
Driver and Passenger Recruitment Drive - Updated App Implementation Marketing
IN PROGRESS: We’re recruiting hundreds of Drivers per day and are running a soft beta in Malaysia

The next rollout phase involves DACSEE’s pre-launch
recruitment offerings. Before the network goes live,
all interested drivers and passengers can refer
others to the platform and claim them in their Circle
Of Friends network. This creates a large user pool for
the network before it has even been launched. Third
party integration for local currency conversion is an
ongoing negotiation with local country partners in
order to allow the local transfer of DACSEE tokens
through the application itself.
This phase will be marketed through contracts with
select marketing agencies throughout Asia as well
as other cities around the world.

We’ve already experienced the beginning of this as
drivers have been recommending drivers and
creating a social phenomenon which turned a $200
group lunch into 30,000 drivers within a matter of
weeks.
We plan for an updated version of the application to
be released in conjunction with this phase along with
many tests to solidify these parts of the system. The
functionality of the COF system, the bonus wallets,
and the DACSEE token wallets and various levels of
third party integration are currently being built and
tested in anticipation of this phase.

14

Phase 3
3​rd​ Party – On and off-boarding Integration – Live Software Launch - Driver Fare &
Participation Bonus
Sidechains for no gas cost, a mainnet bridge, and individual country tokens programmed to follow regulations

Phase 3 of implementation allows for DACSEE
drivers and passengers to begin using the exchange
to receive their bonuses from their COF Network
within the application. This is an important phase as
it facilitates the entire process and is the beginning
of the DACSEE platform being able to provide
networking functionality for all participating
community members. The transfer of tokens locally
with the peer-to-peer wallet would still be available,
but once drivers and other income earners are able
to sell their tokens to the global markets through the
application’s integrated online exchange, the speed
and efficiency of this entire process is greatly
increased.

This period of great excitement will be accompanied
by its own marketing initiatives, with large public
announcements of the direct income that the users
of the platform are receiving, encouraging new users
and DACSEE system entrepreneurs onto the
platform. We are partnering with several marketing
groups in target markets amplifying the message of
DACSEE, its vision, and the direct income being
generated by all the empowered individuals using the
new platform. This phase will occur after the end of
the funding rounds once the DACSEE tokens have
been listed on the exchange, and will contribute to
the growth in value of the entire network’s utility and
benefit for society as a whole.

15

DACSEE Token
Immutable, decentralized, and interoperable

DACSEE’s token is the decentralized Ethereum
ERC20 token that drivers will use it to participate in
the driving ecosystem in a cryptographicallysecured, immutable fashion. It will be distributed to
all token sale contributors automatically through the
Ethereum network and will be accessible to all users
online through the DACSEE Wallet App and in the
Google Play Store and Apple App Store. Like all
ERC20-compliant tokens, DACSEE token may be
stored and transferred only with an Ethereum private
key and can be used across platforms in many
wallets compatible with Ethereum.
DACSEE token is a utility token that enables
frictionless transactions of services on the platform.
Participants must have a minimum amount of
DACSEE token before special offerings or bonuses
can be unlocked.

Foundation Reserves
From the 3 billion DACSEE tokens to be created, 840
million will be held by the non-profit DACSEE
Foundation. The foundation will hold these tokens in
a time-locked escrow account to allow for price
stabilization and will receive them at predetermined
intervals as it pays out DACSEE developer bonuses
and funds long-term marketing, expansion, and
outreach efforts.

A portion of the reserve will be going to the marketing
partners in strategic markets as the platform rolls out
globally. In addition to launch markets Thailand and
Malaysia, markets Indonesia, India and Indo-China
have very active yet underserved ride-hailing
economies and large populations of unbanked
residents. These advantageous conditions, as well as
DACEE’s internal connections with blueprints for
rollout in those countries, present ideal opportunities
for launching DACSEE.
The DACSEE Foundation will thrive financially
through the widespread success and adoption of the
DACSEE platform on an international level. To
stimulate this expansion of the network the
Foundation will launch initiatives ranging from
promotional driver deposit coverage programs to
direct marketing and advertising campaigns in
targeted areas. As a major holder of the token, the
Foundation’s long-term success depends on its
active participation in the expansion of the token, so
that the high return may fund further outreach and
extend continuous bonuses to all participants of the
platform.

16

DACSEE ICO
KYC/AML Required, See: Terms of Token Sales

A total of 3 billion DACSEE tokens will initially be
pre-mined on the Ethereum network, on July 25th,
2018, with 18 decimal places of divisibility and the
total token amount being fixed permanently. There
are to be three official token-based funding rounds
for this project, after which time no further DACSEE
tokens will be available for purchase at initial sale
prices, meaning DACSEE tokens may be purchased
only at exchanges in the future and at future market
rates.

Angel Round
The first round is for all Angel contributors, who will
receive the largest bonus on all DACSEE tokens that
they purchase, a bonus of 50%. The Angel round
begins on October 17th, 2017 and ends on November
16th, 2017.
This is the initial round of funding, and involves
utilizing the DACSEE team’s large international
network of investors, as well as new investors who
decide to utilize the dacsee.io Angel web portal to
contribute at this early stage, for the added bonuses.
This round is expected to give a large financial boost
to the project, and gather early minimum market price
estimates for the DACSEE tokens, to secure a
financial base for the future rounds.

Pre ICO
The Pre-ICO round is the second round of funding,
with its own set of bonuses for these early
contributors. This round is broken into three phases,
with the first phase offering a 30% bonus on

purchased tokens, the second phase offering a 20%
bonus and the third & final stage offering a 10%
bonus. The first phase begins on the 1st of
December, 2017, and the following phases
immediately follow it on a monthly basis, with the
third phase completing this round on February 28th,
2018.
A portion of the overall tokens will be claimed during
this round, in preparation for the main ICO round.
These tokens will be available through the same web
portal at dacsee.io, which will be updated at the end
of the Angel round, and changed to a page that
explicitly lays out all relevant purchase and
transaction information for the Pre-ICO round.

ICO
As the main and final round for the DACSEE project,
the ICO round will be the most advertised and
anticipated token sale round, in terms of the general
public. No added bonus will be available for this
round, but it will be the final chance for any interested
parties to join into the funding and initial financial
opportunities available for the DACSEE ride-hailing
platform. The round will sell the remaining tokens
from the 1st of December, 2017, until May 31st, 2018,
and will have the lowest minimum contribution, at
$20 USD value worth of cryptocurrency. As with
previous rounds, the main dacsee.io website will be
updated to clearly explain all processes involved, for
contributing either Bitcoin or Ethereum in this round.
All remaining tokens will be sold in this round, and
many layers of the

17

software and project will be available for public use, 20 DACSEE token are to be listed on integrated
as they have been funded by the previous rounds.
cryptocurrency exchanges, following the initial
token-based funding rounds. DACSEE token is an
Tokens will be offered for purchase or claim during
ERC20-compliant Ethereum token, meaning there will
the Angel, Pre-ICOs and general ICO round. There is
be no additional technical hurdles to overcome for
no added bonus in the ICO round, but further
any Ethereum-compatible cryptocurrency exchanges,
application development will be available for use and
in the process of listing this token. Verification of the
testing and additional public marketing outreach will
token information and relevant team members will
be conducted – so contributors’ risks are greatly
occur for this token to be added to the various
minimised by this round. This final round will end on
exchanges, and the preliminary steps are underway
July 23rd, 2018 and all DACSEE ICO tokens will be
for this process to complete successfully.
distributed to all contributors of all rounds by a date
no later than July 30th, 2018, exactly two weeks after
the conclusion of the DACSEE contribution period.

Token Distribution

18

Roadmap

19

A C S E E
D

© Copyright 2018 DACSEE. All rights reserverd.

D

A C S E E

D

A C S E E

