Whitepaper
Monitor. Trade. Invest. Spend.

1

Table of contents
Introduction

3

The Darico Ecosystem

Main problems of investing in cryptocurrency

5

The Darico Solution

7

The Darico Ecosystem - Monitor. Trade. Invest. Spend.

Roadmap

10

Overview of the Darico Ecosystem Roadmap

Darico Wallet

13

Competitor Wallets
The Darico Wallet (Gnius)

Darico Terminal

16

The Beating Heart of Darico (Nyus)

Darico Debit Card

19

A practical solution to the problem of illiquidity (DePay)

Darico Exchange

22

The Darico Exchange & the listing of DEC (DarEX)

Darico Index Fund

26

Darico Liquidity Pool

28

Darico Ecosystem Coins (DEC)

30

Utility Tokens
DEC Tokens
Sale Model
Use of Darico Ecosystem Coin Proceeds of Sale

The Darico Team

35

Darico
The Management Team & Advisers

Token Sale Summary

45

Corporate Governance

49

Corporate Governance Principles
Internal corporate governance controls, policies & procedures

Disclosures & Legal

52

Risk factors

To get involved with crypto, get involved with Darico!
2

56

Introduction

3

Introduction

The Darico Ecosystem
The Darico Ecosystem has been designed specifically for people to be able to monitor, trade,
invest and spend their various types of cryptocurrencies fast, effectively and with ease. The
Ecosystem is providing professional-standard and user-friendly investment tools, which enable
them to make informed cryptocurrency investment decisions. Holders of Darico Ecosystem Coins
will receive access to the entire Darico Ecosystem (the “Darico Ecosystem”) including:
●
●
●
●
●
●

the Darico Wallet, Gnius (further details on page 13);
the Darico Terminal, Nyus (further details on page 16);
the Darico Debit Card, DePay (further details on page 19);
the Darico Cryptocurrency Exchange, DarEX (further details on page 22);
the Darico Index Fund, CHawk (further details on page 26); and
The Darico Liquidity Pool (further details on page 28).

Darico aims to use up to 50% of the proceeds obtained from the sale of Darico Ecosystem Coins
during the Public Sale Period to purchase Gold, BTC and ETH in the following proportions: 35%
gold, 55% BTC and 10% ETH (the “Liquidity Pool”). See further details on page 32.

4

Main problems of
investing in
cryptocurrency

5

Main problems of investing in cryptocurrency

A multitude of options
As of January 2018, CoinMarketCap displayed
nearly 1,400 cryptocurrencies which could be
exchanged and traded for crypto and fiat
currencies.
Which exchange of more than 130* should be
used? Which are the most secure? Given that
66% of transactions are crypto to fiat and vice
versa, can you restore your investments to fiat
currency easily? Which wallet should you use
to hold your newly bought coins? To anyone
who has not spent the past few years
following the crypto economy, these are basic
questions to which it is very difficult to find an
answer.
The sheer volume of cryptocurrencies,
wallets, exchanges and other products and
services aimed at helping people manage
their crypto holdings is actually having the
opposite effect. In fact, it has led to confusion
and leaves people feeling overwhelmed and
unsure where best to turn for reliable
information, effective and secure wallets as
well as good value, speedy exchanges.

We will become the number one trusted
source of cryptocurrency tools through our
easy to use and comprehensive platform. By
making cryptocurrencies easier to understand
and the market easier to navigate we will
increase people’s confidence and drive up the
rate of cryptocurrency adoption.
To achieve this, it’s vital that people are not
only able to invest and trade but that they are
able to use their crypto holdings for everyday
transactions, which is why the Darico Debit
Card is such an important part of the
Ecosystem. This link to the everyday will be
crucial in helping cryptocurrencies become a
genuine substitute for the fiat currencies we
are so used to.
As the pace of progress accelerates, so do
the risks associated with cryptocurrencies.
None are guaranteed winners but all holders
want to know that, at the very least, they have
the best information and tools available to
them before they make their decisions.
The Darico Ecosystem will give crypto
investors those tools, all available in one
place.

Darico - the place to turn
What is required is a single solution that gives
people all the tools they need to monitor,
trade, invest and spend their crypto holdings,
exactly what the Darico Ecosystem is
designed to provide.

6

*University of Cambridge Judge Business
School.

The Darico Solution

7

The Darico Solution

The Darico Ecosystem - Monitor. Trade. Invest. Spend
The Darico Ecosystem will enable crypto investors to thrive by providing them with access to
trusted sources of information and to all of the tools they need to make informed investment
decisions and to integrate cryptocurrencies into their everyday lives.
As the technology and services in the Ecosystem develop, so will the Darico community, whose
views and opinions will be shared and responded to. By simultaneously building a toolset and a
community, we’re creating a thriving Ecosystem which will develop according to the needs of its
users.
Darico Ecosystem Coins will enable holders to access the wide range of services available within
the Ecosystem. In turn, payment in DEC will encourage further adoption of the coins and the
continuous development of the Ecosystem services.
Overview
An overview of the Darico Ecosystem is set out below. Further details on all of these parts of the
Darico Ecosystem are set out further down this whitepaper.
Darico Wallet
A secure, 2FA multi-coin (ERC20, BTC and more) wallet suitable for all crypto investors will be the
first Ecosystem product to be launched and will also include the integration of a Debit Card. The
Darico Wallet will be available at www.darico.io/wallet from mid March 2018. It will be subscription
based for DEC holders and there will be mobile and desktop versions of the Darico Wallet
available.
(For further details see page 17)
Darico Terminal
A subscription-based hub for crypto investment information, news and analysis. Darico’s vision is
to become the crypto world’s version of Bloomberg or Reuters, providing the accurate, trusted
and timely information investors need to make informed investment decisions. The Terminal will
be at the heart of the Darico Ecosystem with a desktop version available delivering market news,
information and analysis straight to the user. This will be the second product to be launched.
(For further details see page 20)

8

The Darico Solution

Darico Debit Card
Bringing liquidity to cryptocurrency investment, the Debit Card will be linked with the Darico
Wallet to enable the use of DEC and other cryptocurrencies for everyday transactions. We are in
advanced discussions with payment solution providers and our aim is to issue debit cards that
have as wide an international acceptance as possible.
(For further details see page 23)
Darico Exchange
A regulated cryptocurrency exchange to be set up in Gibraltar where it will apply for a licence to
operate as a Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) Provider. Gibraltar operates a robust
regulatory regime that will ensure the Exchange is operated to the highest standards.
(For further details see page 25)
Darico Index Fund
This will be a fully regulated cryptocurrency fund for private investors that will hold a diversified
portfolio of 10 highly liquid cryptocurrencies. Consideration is being given to several jurisdictions
that offer investment fund regulation.
(For further details see page 30)
Darico Liquidity Pool
In order to ensure stability in valuation Darico will establish a “Liquidity Fund”. Up to 50% of the
proceeds obtained from the sale of Darico Ecosystem Coins during the Public Sale Period will be
used to purchase Gold, BTC and ETH for the fund. These assets will be held in the following
proportions: 35% gold, 55% BTC and 10% ETH (the “Liquidity Pool”). The substantial reserves held
in the Liquidity Pool will contribute greatly to increasing the sustainability of the Darico Ecosystem.
The Liquidity fund will contribute to strengthening and growing the ecosystem through the
progressive development of new applications that will add value to the users of the ecosystem.
This pool will also allow for the development of Darico’s own Blockchain which will commence in
in the first quarter of 2019.
(For further details see page 32)

9

Roadmap

10

Roadmap
We are moving quickly and confidently through our key milestones.
The sale of the Darico Ecosystem Coin was launched on 30th January 2018. The Darico
Wallet has been available in Alpha Version at www.darico.io/wallet in mid March 2018 for
use by DEC holders on a monthly subscription basis.
By Q2 of 2018, we aim to have launched the Darico Terminal, a source of cryptocurrency
information that will emulate the dominance of Bloomberg and Reuters in the traditional
financial markets.
In Q3 of 2018 we will launch the Darico Debit Card. This will be an exciting new feature
which will enable Darico Ecosystem Coin-holders to spend their cryptocurrencies for
everyday fiat transactions.
In Q4 of 2018 we will launch the Darico Exchange, a centralized cryptocurrency exchange
that will be established and regulated in Gibraltar. The Darico Exchange will encourage the
use of DEC as its house token through bonuses and discounts on trading fees within the
Darico Exchange. Later, Darcio Exchange will slowly transform into a decentralized
exchange once the liquidity in the Cryptocurrency market increases.
The comprehensive collection of tools within the ecosystem will be completed with the
development of the Darico Blockchain. By moving away from the ERC20 token the
Ecosystem will no longer be subject to Ether (ETH) transaction fees, and will be able to
enjoy improved speed and scalability. These benefits will be passed on to users through
enhancements of the ecosystem and the creation of a community for users. The
Comprehensive toolbox provided by Darico will, after the introduction of the Darico
Blockchain, include a complete set of tools that enable users to Monitor, Trade, Invest and
Spend faster and at a lower cost.
Darico will move away from the current reliance of the Ethereum ERC-20 token and across
to our own Darico Blockchain in Q1 2019 and Q2 2019. The investment in the Darico
blockchain will both result in ongoing savings for users and for the ecosystem as a whole.
The development will therefore be funded from the Liquidity Pool.

11

The launch of the Darico Index Fund in Q1 of 2019 will allow DEC holders access to a
regulated, diversified, managed and monitored cryptocurrency portfolio that is structured
and split into three risk levels to accommodate the varying risk appetites of users.

Overview of the Darico Ecosystem
Roadmap
Q4 2016

DARICO CONCEPT CREATED

Q2 - Q4 2017

DARICO ECOSYSTEM DEVELOPMENT

Q3 2017

DARICO AG INCORPORATED IN ZUG,
SWITZERLAND

Q4 2017

PRE-ICO LAUNCH BY DARICO AG RAISED US$ 2M

Q4 2017

DARICO LIMITED INCORPORATED IN
GIBRALTAR

Q1 2018
(30 Jan)

Q1 2018
(March)

12

LAUNCH OF DEC TOKEN SALE
DARICO WALLET LAUNCH

Q2 2018

DARICO TERMINAL LAUNCH

Q3 2018

DARICO DEBIT CARD LAUNCH

Q4 2018

DARICO EXCHANGE LAUNCH

Q1 2019

DARICO INDEX FUND LAUNCH

Q1 2019

DARICO BLOCKCHAIN TESTNET

Q2 2019

DARICO BLOCKCHAIN MAINNET

Darico Wallet

13

Darico Wallet

Competitor wallets
As of 2017, it was estimated that there were well over 5.8 million ‘active’ wallets (1). Several have
been reviewed below, in order to compare the different functionality on offer.

Lykke

Jaxx

Mycelium

Blockchain

Coinomi

Bread

Bitgo by
Coinbase

Coin Space

Ease of use
Range of features

Security

Interface

Coin Bank

Monero

14
(1)

https://www.jbs.cam.ac.uk/fileadmin/user_upload/research/centres/alternative-finance/downloads/2017-global-cryptocurrency-benchmarking-study.pdf

Darico Wallet

The Darico Wallet (Gnius)
The Darico development team is building a sophisticated software wallet with a range of
functionalities that, even though easy to understand even for first time users, should satisfy the
needs of even the most sophisticated users. The wallet’s functionalities are outlined in this
section.
Security comes first
The Darico wallet will be a multi-functional, multi-token application for secure sending, receiving
and storage of DEC and other coins.
The wallet has been designed to provide high levels of security, including 2FA access and backup
capabilities via the provision of seed information. In addition to this we are also providing a login
feature that allows users to add an extra layer of security. This also enables added convenience
through integration of all of the Darico Ecosystem components.
For those who still want more security The Darico Wallet allows users to integrate with a hardware
wallet. This allows users to have their funds safe in a cold storage that is considered the highest
level of security.

A place to buy and sell
In addition to its primary role of providing secure coin storage, the Darico Wallet roadmap includes
providing a place to buy and sell. The wallet will allow users to exchange between fiat and crypto.
Users will also be able to easily top up their wallet with different types of cryptocurrencies.
As a part of the seamless integration with fiat currencies the Darico Wallet will introduce a debit
card integration. This will create a long awaited link between cryptocurrency assets stored online
and day to day purchases that we all need to make.

Portfolio Management
The wallet also provides easy access to useful market information for the user through the wallet’s
performance monitoring and portfolio management tools. It enables users to easily track the value
of their coins, both individually and as part of their whole portfolio of currencies. A pie chart will
divide the portfolio into segments showing the weight of each cryptocurrency held in the portfolio,
which will make diversification of the portfolio easier. The information is presented conveniently in
graphs that make it easy to get an instant understanding of portfolio movements, percentage
change and net gain or loss in the portfolio in order to be able to take quick action where needed.

15

Darico Terminal

16

Darico Terminal

The Beating Heart of Darico (Nyus)
At the heart of the Darico Ecosystem is the Darico Terminal, an easy access hub that gives users
all the information they need to invest with confidence. The Darico Terminal will be available to all
Darico Ecosystem Coin-holders who, for a monthly subscription fee, will be able to access news,
analysis and charts about the cryptocurrency markets and the latest ICOs. We aim to provide a
source of cryptocurrency information that will emulate the dominance of Bloomberg and Reuters
in the traditional financial markets.
Delivery & functionality
The Darico Terminal is currently in the late stages of development and will be launched in Q2 of
2018. The Darico Terminal is in our opinion one of the most exciting and promising parts of the
Darico Ecosystem.
Providing timely, accurate and trusted information, and seamlessly integrated with the Darico
Wallet and the Darico Exchange, the Darico Terminal will be a powerful tool that enable users to
store their coins, monitor their portfolios, and quickly place their trades in a volatile market here
every minute counts.
News
Via the Darico Terminal, users will be able to stay up to date on the latest information about
cryptocurrencies, the businesses behind them, regulatory bodies, government announcements
and news from the world’s major exchanges. The terminal will allow the user to effortlessly
monitor the latest and most relevant news from a wide range of trusted sources of their choice.
The ability to access timely market and ICO news will give our users the edge they need to
succeed in the crypto market.
Cryptocurrency Analysis
The Darico Terminal will provide access to third party expert analysis on tokens that currently are
traded in the market to help users make informed investment decisions. The analysts selected as
contributors on the platform they will put different cryptocurrencies under the spotlight, weighing
them up against market conditions and the latest news.
The selected analysts will examine the substance backing each token, including examining their
leadership teams’ backgrounds, qualifications and previous achievements. They will also look at
the particular coin’s market dynamics, competitors and users, and generally seeking to explain the
factors that drive their value.

17

Darico Terminal

ICO Analysis
Independent professional contributors will also look behind the marketing façades of upcoming
ICOs in search of the factors which may determine the eventual success or failure of their projects.
Users will benefit from in depth analysis of the teams behind the projects, the markets in which
they are planning to operate, regulatory factors, governance and business dynamics. In the
crowded and fast-moving crypto world, The independent analysis provided by the Darico Terminal
will give users the edge they need to be successful in the markets.
Charting System
Users of the Darico Terminal will be able to access a charting system along with technical analysis
that will help them plot their own investment course.
Integration with the Darico Exchange
The Darico Terminal will integrate with the Darico Exchange once it is operational. This will
provide users with an immediately accessible pathway to the crypto markets. In addition to
enabling users to trade the Darico Exchange will play a key role in increasing the trading volume
of Darico Ecosystem Coins in the crypto markets.
Watchlists & monitoring
We plan to seamlessly link the Darico Terminal to the Darico Wallet and the Darico Exchange. This
will provide users with easy access to their watchlists and enable them to track their own coins,
receive custom news feeds and analysis based on their actual portfolios within the Terminal, and
act on the available information by trading the right assets quickly when the time is right.
Diversified investments
The users will be able to access the Index Fund (CHawk) via the Darico Terminal where they can
convert their DEC into any one of the three available risk factors levels. This will enable the users
to effectively distribute their investment exposure according to their preferred Risk/Reward trade
off. In general terms the risk factor tiers will work as follows:
Absolute Alpha = Highest risk/Highest potential return
Dynamic Beta = Medium risk/Medium potential return
Active Beta = Low risk/Lower potential return
This integration will enable users to benefit from the growing cryptocurrency market while
managing the risk at the level of risk/reward that is comfortable to them.

18

Darico Debit Card

19

Darico Debit Card

A practical solution to the problem of illiquidity (DePay)
The Darico Debit Card will play a key role in solving the issue of illiquidity, which has troubled
cryptocurrencies since their inception. Through the Darico Ecosystem Coin-holders will finally be
able to use cryptocurrencies for everyday fiat transactions by using the Darico Debit Card. The
Debit Card solution linked with the Darico Wallet will instantly exchange cryptocurrency for fiat
currency to enable the use of DEC and other cryptocurrencies as payment for purchases priced in
fiat currencies. If the user has a portfolio of different currencies he will at any time be able to
switch to the desired cryptocurrency to spend from.
Delivery
The Darico Debit Card will be available in Q3 of 2018.
A means of storage
The Darico Debit Card will enable holders to use cryptocurrencies for everyday fiat transactions.
Holders will be able to store their DEC and other tokens in their Darico Wallet to enable the use of
their Debit Card. This solution provides a means of storage and a method of payment, and so
ensures that their DEC and other tokens are available to spend at all times. Whilst your DEC and
other tokens remains safe in your Darico Wallet, the Debit Card will be on hand to provide instant
access to the holder’s cryptocurrency portfolio.
A method of purchase
As with fiat currency debit cards, the Darico Debit Card will act as a method of payment which
holders can use anywhere. This means their DEC and other token holdings will be converted to
fiat on the spot to facilitate the purchase of goods and services.
As a result, the Debit Card will play an important role in integrating the use of DEC and other
tokens into the holder’s daily life.

Buy
DEC

Use Dec
to access
Wallet

Store multi-crypto
in the Darico
Wallet
Link Darico Wallet
to the Debit Card

Initiate
payments
and start
spending!

20

Convert
crypto to
fiat on the
spot

Darico Exchange

21

Darico Exchange

The Darico Exchange & the listing of DEC (DarEX)
The Darico Exchange (the “Exchange”) will offer individuals, institutions, professional investors and
traders the ability to trade, deposit and withdraw a variety of top-ranked cryptocurrencies.
Users will also be able to transfer fiat funds in and out between the Exchange and bank accounts
or payment cards in the name of account holders. This will allow cross-trading between
cryptocurrencies and GBP, EUR, USD and, potentially, other fiat currencies.
Darico Ecosystem Coins will be listed on the Exchange which will give Darico Ecosystem
Coin-holders a stable secondary market for their DEC.
With liquidity in the cryptocurrency market gradually increasing we believe that by 2020 it will be
time to implement a decentralized exchange structure. This will allow complete freedom in trading
and enable the community to freely trade any cryptocurrency that is deemed valuable.
The Illiquidity Challenge
The illiquidity of cryptocurrencies is a major challenge facing investors today. It leaves them open
to greater risk as a result of not being able to easily convert their crypto assets into fiat currency.
The process of withdrawing gains from trading platforms or converting them to fiat is often
complicated. The service is often not available or, when it is available, the conversion process can
take several days to complete. We will solve this issue by having fiat wallets integrated into our
Exchange platform to allow users to make conversions from crypto to fiat and vice versa.
Price volatility can cause cryptocurrencies to lose significant value in a matter of minutes,
increasing the importance of easy conversion. At present, the wide Bid/Ask spread that
characterises many cryptocurrencies, makes it virtually impossible to sell them rapidly, in time to
ensure the sale price remains unaffected.
Another issue is the ability of an investor or small group of investors to drive the price up or down,
either by making large orders or seeking to convert enormous amounts to fiat, especially in lower
market cap coins. A practice that is known as ‘Pump and Dump’.
This aspect of illiquidity is not only a source of volatility, but can also lead to a significant loss of
value during exceptionally volatile periods.

22

Darico Exchange

(Lack of) Regulation of cryptocurrency exchanges
The above issues are compounded by the fact that the vast majority of cryptocurrency exchanges
are completely unregulated. There are many cryptocurrency exchanges out there, both good and
bad, but the truth is that it is often impossible to tell the difference and to know who you are
dealing with.
Darico will address this fundamental issue by setting up an Exchange in Gibraltar. Gibraltar leads
the way in the regulation of blockchain businesses. In October 2017, it was the first jurisdiction to
introduce a comprehensive framework to regulate all blockchain businesses operating from the
territory, including cryptocurrency exchanges.
Darico Ecosystem Coin-holders will have the protection of knowing that the Exchange must
adhere to strict regulatory principles and laws and that they will be actively supervised by the
Gibraltar Financial Services Commission (“GFSC” – www.gfsc.gi). Gibraltar regulation of the
Exchange will ensure a degree of consumer protection that is not available on unregulated
exchanges.
Overcoming illiquidity
The Exchange will list DEC, and will therefore ensure that Darico Ecosystem Coin-holders have
access to trading and exchange facilities that enable them to interact with cryptocurrency markets
and ensuring liquidity for Darico Ecosystem Coin-holders. The illiquidity of cryptocurrencies is a
major obstacle to their wider adoption, slowing uptake by new investors who fear they may not be
able to turn their crypto assets back into fiat currency. The Exchange will mitigate this risk.
The Exchange will use DEC as a bridging currency to be paired with all featured currencies in
order to ensure a market exists between all the different currency pairs in the exchange. As the
trading volume goes up this will increase the demand for DEC and therefore drive up it’s value. It
will also help improving the liquidity of DEC as there will be an increasing number of assets which
will all be tradeable in DEC.
.

23

Darico Exchange

Accessible and usable
The Exchange platform will be integrated into the Darico Terminal, providing an easy-to-access
and easy-to-use trading interface suitable for investors of all experience levels, including first time
traders.
Revenue generating
As an important part of the Darico Ecosystem, the Exchange will generate revenues for Darico
through the receipt of trading fees and commissions. Darico Ecosystem Coin-holders will receive
special discounts on trading fees and commissions if they pay in DEC.
Regulation of the Darico Exchange
We will get a Gibraltar DLT Provider licence to regulate the Exchange and protect its users.
The GFSC regulates licensable activity in Gibraltar. The new law overseeing DLT businesses, the
Financial Services (Distributed Ledger Technology Providers) Regulations 2017 (the “DLT
Regulations”),1 came into force on 1st January 2018 and allows for a multitude of DLT businesses
to be regulated if:
They carry on by way of business, in or from Gibraltar, the use of distributed ledger
technology for storing or transmitting value belonging to others.
The GFSC’s regulatory objectives are focused around2:
●
●
●
●
●
●

The promotion of market confidence.
The reduction of systemic risk.
The promotion of public awareness.
The protection of the good reputation of Gibraltar.
The protection of consumers.
The reduction of financial crime.

1

The Financial Services (Distributed Ledger Technology Providers) Regulations 2017
(http://www.gibraltarlaws.gov.gi/articles/2017s204.pdf) together with a Bill for an Act to amend the Financial
Services (Investment and Fiduciary Services) Act.
2

HM Government of Gibraltar, Ministry for Commerce, Gibraltar Finance, consultation paper on proposals for a
DLT Regulatory Framework, May 2017
(http://www.gibraltarfinance.gi/downloads/20170508-dlt-consultation-published-version.pdf?dc_%3D1494312876).

24

Darico Exchange

Gibraltar has an engaging and forward-thinking regulatory regime and we maintain strong
relations with them. The nine key regulatory principles Gibraltar-licensed firms must adhere to are
ones which existing financial services firms will be very familiar with. The law requires DLT firms
to:
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.

Conduct their business with honesty and integrity.
Pay due regard to the interests and needs of each and all of its customers, and
communicate with them in a way that is fair, clear and not misleading.
Maintain adequate financial and non-financial resources.
Manage and control their business effectively, and conduct their business with due skill,
care and diligence; including having proper regard to risks to its business and customers.
Have effective arrangements in place for the protection of customer assets and money
when they are responsible for them.
Have effective corporate governance arrangements.
Ensure that all of their systems and security access protocols are maintained to appropriate
high standards.
Have systems in place to prevent, detect and disclose financial crime risks such as money
laundering and terrorist financing.
Be resilient and have contingency arrangements for the orderly and solvent winding down
of its business.

Darico will be in full compliance with the above nine regulatory principles in its operation of the
Exchange. We will also comply with the guidance notes issued by the GFSC which can be viewed
at www.gfsc.gi/dlt.

25

Darico Index Fund

26

Darico Index Fund

Darico Index Fund (CHawk)
The Darico Index Fund (the “Fund”) will be a
fully regulated cryptocurrency fund with
contributors investing in a diversified portfolio
of 10 highly liquid cryptocurrencies.
DEC-holders will have access to a regulated,
diversified, managed and monitored
cryptocurrency portfolio. Various jurisdictions
where regulated investment funds can be set
up are being considered to establish the
Fund.

from the Darico Terminal and its analysts to
make informed investment decisions.

Contributors in the Fund will either be able to
contribute in DEC, other specific
cryptocurrencies or in fiat. Those who
subscribe to units in the Fund in DEC will
enjoy discounted subscription and
redemption fees. In this way, the Fund will
play an important role in supporting Darico
Ecosystem Coins and in maintaining their
liquidity.

Asset analysis and trading plans

Delivery
We aim to launch the Fund by Q1 of 2019.
A representative fund
The Fund will be a cryptocurrency index fund
holding a range of highly liquid
cryptocurrencies. The currencies will be
selected and weighed within the Fund
according to a combination of factors,
including their risk profiles and liquidity status.
Among other things, we will use the
information

27

Regular reviews
The Fund will undertake weekly rebalancing
to ensure optimal performance and risk
minimisation, with a full analysis and
redistribution being conducted on a quarterly
basis to ensure the maintenance of a robust
and profitable portfolio.

A solid analysis of the cryptocurrency markets
and individual crypto assets will be
undertaken to ensure appropriate use of the
Fund’s resources. Only after fulfilling a range
of performance criteria will a particular
currency be selected for investment by the
Fund. The rationale for selecting given assets
will be shared with the Darico community to
ensure the Fund investment process remains
transparent.
Once a decision has been made to purchase
a particular cryptocurrency, an investment
plan will be created in order to provide a
roadmap and benchmark for performance
against the asset’s forecast movement.
A trading plan for the whole portfolio will be
shared with the Darico community and a
complete analysis will be carried out every
quarter.

Darico Liquidity Pool

28

Darico Liquidity Pool

Darico Liquidity Pool
Darico aims to use up to 50% of the proceeds obtained from the sale of Darico Ecosystem Coins
during the Public Sale Period to purchase Gold, BTC and ETH in the following proportions: 35%
gold, 55% BTC and 10% ETH These assets will be kept in reserve to ensure DEC stability (the
“Liquidity Pool”). Upon reaching the hard cap of selling the 72,000,000 DEC on offer during the
Public Sale Period, Darico aims to keep 50% of the proceeds in the Liquidity Pool.

Darico Ecosystem Coins will not be redeemable for the assets contained in the Liquidity Pool and
these assets will belong to Darico as a means to reduce volatility of the Darico Ecosystem Coin.
The goal is to keep the reserves in the Liquidity pool as high as possible for the benefit and
stability of the Darico Ecosystem as a whole. No funds from the Liquidity Pool will be spent until
2019.
The Liquidity Pool will be used to sustain and enhance the ecosystem as a whole. This will allow
Darico to introduce new DApps to ecosystem while paving the way for Darico’s Blockchain to be
developed. Liquidity Pool is a critical factor to the ecosystem as it provides a layer of sustainability
for DEC.

29

Darico Ecosystem Coins
(DEC)

30

Darico Ecosystem Coins (DEC)

Overview
The function of the Darico Ecosystem will be supported by DEC, the Darico Ecosystem Coin.
DEC is an ERC-20 compliant token issued on the Ethereum blockchain. It is designed to give the
holders access to the products and services available in the Darico Ecosystem. As the Darico
Ecosystem gains users the demand for DEC will grow. As people will need it to pay for services
such as the use of the Darico Terminal, Debit Card and Wallet,
Once the Darico Blockchain is released all of the DEC (ERC-20) holders will receive the new DEC
coin which will be used to fuel the Darico Blockchain, and thereby bringing all of the ecosystem
components together. DEC will be the native token used in the Blockchain and will be used to
facilitate all of the operations conducted on the network.

Utility Tokens
The Darico Ecosystem Coin (DEC) is a utility token.
DEC are intended to be used in the Darico Ecosystem to:
●
●
●
●
●
●
●

31

Pay subscription fees to access Darico Wallet services
Pay subscription fees to access Darico Terminal service
Link Darico Wallet to the Darico Debit Card so that payment in fiat can be made.
Pay discounted trading fees and commissions of the Darico Exchange and to receive any
bonuses and rewards offered by the Exchange to DEC holders.
Subscribe to units in the Darico Index Fund and to receive discounts on subscription and
redemption fees and, potentially, certain bonuses and rewards.
The Darico Blockchain, once developed, will be fueled by DEC through transaction fees
and subscriptions and other fees.
Bonuses and rewards will be available for DEC holders operating on the Darico Blockchain
as extra incentives for using DEC.

Darico Ecosystem Coins (DEC)

DEC Tokens
DEC is an ERC-20 utility token that holders can use to access the products and services available
within the Darico Ecosystem. The value of the DEC token will be driven by its use and the number
of people utilizing it and thereby increasing the demand for the token. Once the Darico Blockchain
is released, DEC will be transformed from ERC-20 to the native coin of the Darico Blockchain. All
DEC (ERC20) holders will receive the new DEC (Native Token) once they register their ETH
Address on the website. Each DEC holder will receive the same amount of the new DEC token as
the user previously had of the ERC20 version of the token. Following this the old DEC tokens will
become inactive and unusable in the DEC ecosystem.
Darico Ecosystem Coin circulation
The total DEC circulation will be limited to 120,000,000 DEC with 60% (72,000,000 DEC), being
made available during the Public Sale Period.
The DEC will be distributed as follows:
Public Sale Period = 60% (72,000,000 DEC)
Team = 15% (18,000,000 DEC)
Reserve = 15% (18,000,000 DEC)
Advisers, Bounty, Partners and Others = 10% (12,000,000 DEC)

Advisers,
Bounty, Partners
and Others

Token Distribution (%)

10%

Public Sale
15%

Reserve
60%
15%

Team

32

Darico Ecosystem Coins (DEC)

Sale Model
The sale of DEC will have two stages:
●

●

A limited private sale for persons who took part in a pre-ICO before the commencement of
the Public Sale Period. Contributors at this stage may receive bonuses and discounts all in
DEC. The allocation of DEC will, however, take place after the Public Sale Period.
A public sale taking place between 30th January 2018 and 30th July 2018 (the Public Sale
Period).

DEC Distribution
There is a total DEC supply of 120 million. DEC shall be distributed as set out below.

Percentage
allocation

33

Token Holders

60%

Public sale contributors

15%

Darico team

15%

Darico to be held in
reserve

10%

Advisory, bounty,
partners and others

Intended use

As purchasers may
determine

To pay the Darico team for
their work

Intended to be used as
necessary for further
development of the
Darico Ecosystem.

To pay various parties for
their work and input

Amount of
DEC

72,000,000

18,000,000

18,000,000

12,000,000

Darico Ecosystem Coins (DEC)

Use of Darico Ecosystem Coin proceeds of sale
The proceeds from the DEC sale will be used to build and develop the Darico Ecosystem. Based
upon reaching our hard cap of 72,000,000 DEC sold during the Public Sale Period, we estimate
they will be allocated in the following proportions:
●
●
●
●

Development (HR, Technical, Security, etc.) - 32.5%
Legal and regulatory - 5%
Marketing - 12.5%
Liquidity Pool - 50%
Development

32.5%

Liquidity Pool
50%

5%
12.5%

Legal and
regulatory
Marketing

The DEC proceeds of sale will be securely stored by Darico in accordance with strict security
procedures. We will spend the proceeds to develop the Darico Ecosystem as set out in this
whitepaper. We may invest any unused proceeds from time to time, as we see fit. We may also
sell or exchange the proceeds for fiat currency and/or digital assets. Any unsold DEC after the
completion of the ICO will be burned and taken out of circulation to preserve and maintain the
value of DEC.

34

The Darico Team

35

Darico

Darico is more than just an idea, it is a global business which was initially incorporated in
Zug, Switzerland as Darico AG and which has already raised more than US$ 2 million in
pre-ICO funding. Our vision is to build resilience into the project by establishing different
elements of the Ecosystem in different jurisdictions. This geographic decentralisation
means that each part will be able to operate as a stand-alone business, sheltered from any
adverse events that could affect other elements of the Ecosystem.
For the DEC token sale and moving forward, the operating entity will be Darico Limited, a
Gibraltar company, The DEC token sale will be conducted in full compliance with Gibraltar
law.
Gibraltar is recognised as a crypto-friendly jurisdiction with tough legal and regulatory
standards which help to minimise risk, reducing financial crime and ultimately, providing a
level of consumer protection.

36

The Darico Team

The Management Team & the Advisers
Darico is controlled by its Directors, who manage its business on a day to day basis with the
assistance of senior managers. The Directors and such senior managers together form Darico’s
Management Team (the “Management Team”).
The Directors of Darico are: Mojtaba Asadian (founder, CEO and Head of Operations) and Liwaa
Chehayeb (CBO).
The other members of the Management Team are: Luke Szkudlarek (CMO), Mario Colombo (CTO),
Kelly Stafford (Marketing & Community Manager), Kirsten Morel (Content Manager), Gerti Sterling
(Investment Analyst), Chris Bernat (Frontend Developer), Victor Yunenko (Developer), Alexei
Strasser (Product Manager) and Elliott White (UX Designer).
The Management Team has significant expertise, experience, skills and qualifications to
effectively manage the business of Darico and its Ecosystem.
The Company has appointed advisers who assist Darico in achieving its objectives and in
adhering to its key corporate governance principles. These are: David Drake (Investment, &
Commercial Adviser), Simon Cocking (Marketing & Strategy Adviser), Jason Hung (Cryptocurrency
& Strategy Adviser), Marc X. Ellul (Legal Adviser), Mr. Obaid Saeed Bin Manana (Investment, &
Commercial Adviser), and Professor Nabil Baydoun (Financial Adviser).
The Management and Advisory Teams’ collective mix of skills and experience will enable Darico
to operate its business and its Ecosystem efficiently, competently, diligently and to the highest
standards.

37

The Darico Team

The Darico Team
Mojtaba Asadian
Founder & CEO
Mojtaba is a serial entrepreneur, author, and accomplished investor. He is the
author of Money, Banking and Credit as well as What is Investing? He has been
featured as a business leader in several regional and international publications, as
well as Arabian Man Magazine, and holds an MBA from the University of
Wollongong. As well as this, he is also a certified International Investment and
Wealth Manager from CISI.
Mojtaba has a string of successful enterprises. He was Founder and CEO of Central
Perk LLC from 2005 - 2008, Founder and Managing Director of Blackhawk Capital Ltd
from 2014 - 2017 and is currently Founder and CEO of Alpha & Beta Group since
2011. Mojtaba’s invaluable experience over the years lends itself perfectly to
running Darico and ensuring its long term success.

.

Liwaa Chehayeb
CBO
For the past five years, Liwaa has worked in financial investments, working at First
Abu Dhabi Bank as a Financial Reporting Accountant. This experience has provided
Liwaa with a strong understanding of financial institutions and exceptional analytical
skills, allowing him to contribute important investment experience to the Darico
project.
As well as this, Liwaa is an experienced crypto trader since early 2015, providing him
with invaluable insight to the crypto community. At Darico, Liwaa not only provides
important financial insight, but also helps with the project management of the ICO
and ecosystem products. Utilising his skills in relationship building, Liwaa helps in
outreaching to potential investors, as well as working alongside the rest of the team
to enhance the business development of Darico.

Luke Szkudlarek
CMO
Luke has over ten years of international experience in the digital sector, having
worked in companies and marketing agencies across the UK, Poland and Zurich.
Luke is the Founding Partner and Digital Strategy Lead for what.digital, and has been
since 2015. Having worked with international brands on their digital strategies for
over a decade, he has a wealth of experience in managing successful marketing
campaigns.
Now leading growth hacking strategies for ICO projects at what.digital, Luke has
helped to raise more than $50m through a number of ICO projects. His background
and experience with crypto lends itself perfectly to help lead the Darico ICO to
success.

38

The Darico Team

The Darico Team
Mario Colombo
CTO
Mario has over 8 years of experience in communications, web development and
digital marketing. Having worked as a Product Owner, Mario brings a wealth of
knowledge and experience to the Darico team. Now Technical Lead and Partner at
what.digital, Mario has the know-how and track record to successfully implement
Darico's technical requirements successfully.
With proven experience as a Web Developer and Project Manager for mobile and
web applications, and specialising in helping startups with prototyping, "go to
market" strategies, customer acquisition and growth hacking, Mario is perfectly
suited to help launch the wide and varied Darico ecosystem of products over the
coming years.

Kelly Stafford
Marketing & Community Manager
Kelly has over four years of digital marketing experience, having worked in digital
marketing agencies in both the UK and Australia. Kelly has a First Class BA (Hons)
degree in Business and Marketing, which she studied for whilst working full time in
digital marketing. With detailed knowledge of social media, content marketing, email
marketing and web design, she is able to bring a range of skills to the Darico team to
help market the Darico ICO to the crypto community.
Kelly provides Darico with marketing and account management support, ensuring
the smooth operation of the Darico online marketing campaigns, as well as
providing assistance with the Darico website and product development.

Kirsten Morel
Content Manager
Kirsten is a magazine editor and writer with extensive knowledge of the
cryptocurrency world. He is passionate about the technology and finance
industries, and specialises in translating complex ideas into copy that everyone can
understand.
As Content Manager for Darico, Kirsten understand how important it is that Darico
Ecosystem users are able to build their own picture of the Darico Ecosystem and the
wider cryoto economy. By providing easy-to-understand, information-rich content,
Kirsten hopes that DEC holders will not only feel engaged and informed but will
develop the confidence to operate autonomously in the crypto universe.

39

The Darico Team

The Darico Team
Gerti Sterling
Investment Analyst
Gerti has over 5 years of experience as a Senior Analyst at Accenture, and over 5
years of freelance experience as a Business Development Account Manager,
providing her with the experience and know-how to successfully manage
investments of Darico. Gerti has spent over a year working in the crypto market,
working within digital marketing of ICO projects.

Chris Bernat
Frontend Developer
Chris has over 3 years experience in Javascript development, having worked at a
number of different companies over the years. More recently he has worked as a
Full Stack Javascript Developer for ITCraftship and Full Stack Developer for
what.digital. His varied experience has given him the know-how and insight to be a
seasoned Frontend Developer for Darico.
Working alongside the Darico technical team, Chris's focus is on bringing alive the
Darico Ecosystem products, ensuring that the products work for the user, and that
they are technically sound and easy to use. With complicated and varied
requirements, Chris's experience will enable him to help with the smooth
implementation of these complex products.

Victor Yunenko
Developer
Victor has been working as a freelancer developer for over 3 years. Over a year of
this was spent as a PHP / JS full stack web developer working on Magento and
Symfony, with two years freelancing as a Python / TypeScript full-stack web
developer on Django and Angular 2+. Victor also has experience in Java / Kotlin web
and desktop development.
With a wide and varied range of experience in development, Victor has the
knowledge to expertly develop Darico’s KYC and investment integration. Victor
ensures that all parts of the Darico investment journey works smoothly and
seamlessly for the user.

40

The Darico Team

The Darico Team
Alexei Strasser
Product Manager
Alexei launched his first business in affiliate marketing at the age of 20 while he was
studying business economics. In 2013 he turned his attention to pro sports where
he was part of the Beach Volleyball Swiss national team for several years. During
this time he also learned programming and was developing on iOS. In 2017 he
co-founded Brightbites, where he now sits on the board of advisers. Alexei has a
keen eye for the crypto market and blockchain startups, having invested in a
number of early and mid stage startups throughout the years.
Alexei’s experience and passion in the blockchain environment means he always
knows what’s happening in the market. At Darico, this leads him to help position the
Darico Ecosystem products in a way to ensure that they are the best fit for the end
user, and to position Darico to help secure its long term success.

Elliott White
UX Designer
Elliott has over 6 years of UX and design know-how working. After graduating with a
First Class Honours in Graphic Design, he went on to work for digital marketing
agencies and then independently as a freelancer.
His focus is crafting engaging user-centred web and mobile designs combined with a
keen eye for typography, communication design and illustration. He ensures that
Darico’s Ecosystem products deliver a delightful experience for everyone and
continue to evolve to meet the users needs.

Artiom Rapinchuk
Smart Contract Developer
Artiom has over 10 years of experience as a software engineer, having worked in
multiple agencies, including VPI Systems, Angellab and Elinext Group. His experience
spans working on .NET development, including web (ASP.NET, WebForms, MVC, Web
API) desktop (WinForms and WPF) and mobile (Windows Phone), as well as
cross-platform mobile development (based on Xamarin framework). He has also
successfully participated in running a startup.
Artiom now focuses on blockchain related technologies, creating Ethereum
contracts using Solidity and integration with FE / BE using javascript. His long
standing experience ensures that Darico’s smart contracts work effectively and
efficiently.

41

The Darico Team

Advisory Board
Marc X. Ellul
Legal Adviser
Marc is the Managing Partner of Ellul & Co (www.ellul.gi) and a Notary Public. He
began practising in London in 1993 and established himself in Gibraltar in 1995. He
practises as a corporate, funds, tax and financial services lawyer and leads the firm’s
fintech team. He is actively involved in blockchain work in Gibraltar advising
cryptocurrency exchanges and ICOs.
Marc holds a licence, issued by Gibraltar’s Financial Services Commission, to provide
directorships for all nature of companies including Experienced Investor Funds.
Marc is currently the Chairman of the Association of Trust & Company Managers
and a member of the Gibraltar Finance Centre Council.
In 2013, as a member of the Technical Committee of the Gibraltar Funds and
Investment Association, he formed part of the team that drew up the Code of
Conduct for Directors of Gibraltar Experienced Investor Funds. In 2016, Marc formed
a part of the Gibraltar Bar Council team which drew up the anti-money laundering
guidance notes for Gibraltar legal practitioners.

Mr. Obaid Saeed Bin Manana
Investment and Commercial Adviser
As the CEO of Aerogulf Services LLC, a commercial helicopter operator and aviation
maintenance facility based in Dubai, UAE Mr Manana is managing a fleet of AW139, Bell
212 and 206 helicopters and a number of professional maintenance crew.
Apart from his aviation business Bin Manana is a prominent figure in the Dubai Real
Estate sector. Watheeqa Property Registration, of which he is the chairman, is one of the
premier real estate registration trustees, authorized and licensed by the Dubai Land
Department for the transfer, registration, and release of property. He is also the
Chairman of Al Ghadeer Real Estate, which focuses on managing Bin Manana’s portfolio
of residential rental properties, and of Bin Manana Contracting, a specialist company
engaged in numerous ambitious interior design projects.
In the financial sector Mr. Manana is Chairman of Bin Manana Investment Group, one of
the regions’ most highly reputed trading and investment companies. He is also chairing
Dubai Financial Brokerage LLC, which has a presence on the Dubai Financial Market
(DFM) and soon to open on the Abu Dhabi Securities Market. The company caters to
online traders and investors through the company’s state of the art online trading
platform.

42

The Darico Team

Advisory Board
David Drake
Investment, & Commercial Adviser
David Drake is Founder and Chairman at LDJ Capital, a multi-family office which
deals in worldwide funds accessing over $1.5 trillion in assets and maintains over
50+ global directors and family office partners. More recently, Mr. Drake is also seen
as a leader in cryptocurrency.
He runs a $200M LDJ Cayman Fund focused on cryptocurrency, mining and ICO
acquisitions. LDJ Capital Credit also offers middle market bridge financing to seed
upcoming ICO’s. Previously he held a majority stake as a Managing Partner with
Robert Hambrecht in an Alternative Energy Fund NewCommons Capital 2009-2010.

Simon Cocking
Marketing & Strategy Adviser
Simon Cocking is Senior Editor at Irish Tech News, Editor in Chief at
CryptoCoinNews, and freelances for Sunday Business Post, Irish Times, Southern
Star, IBM, G+D, and others. He is a top ranked member of the ‘People of Blockchain’
(currently ranked at # 1 / 1000).\n He is also a business mentor and adviser working
with 35+ successful ICOs to date and has been named on 10 global Twitter
influencer lists in the last 12 months.
Simon is an accomplished public speaker at events including TEDx, Web Summit,
Dublin Tech Summit, and overseas in Dubai, Singapore, Moscow, Tel Aviv, Madrid,
Tbilisi, Riga, Porto, Dublin and Helsinki in the last 12 months. He has been based in
Ireland for over 22 years and has co-founded or founded six successful companies.

Jason Hung
Cryptocurrency & Strategy Adviser
Jason is an entrepreneur and inventor in mobile business, blockchain ecosystem,
digital marketing, AI and ERP related business. He is the co-founder of Treascovery,
Chidopi and TimeBox. He helped more than 10 ICOs as strategic adviser including
Giza, EZPOS, AIDA, BitRewards, Datarius, SuchApp, Tradove and W2TW.
Jason has more than 20 years proven track record in managing R&D, IT, sales and
consulting services, with 9 technology related patents which are now being used on
more than 2000 Apps. He was also former PeopleSoft and JDE solution head in
Greater China. Jason is a blockchain expert on ICOBench and International
Blockchain Consulting Announcement Group.

43

The Darico Team

Advisory Board
Professor Nabil Baydoun
PhD, FCPA, MSc, BSc, CFE, CICA
Financial Adviser
Professor Baydoun is the Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs at HBMSU. He held
senior positions and staffed key board committees at various institutions in
Australia, Hong Kong, New Zealand and the UAE.
Professor Baydoun has a track record of launching innovative projects and building
effective teams in large and complex organizations. He formulated and
implemented strategies for long term profitability, stability, and ability to promote
organizational growth.
Professor Baydoun is an internationally recognized authority on the impact of
culture and religion on accounting. He published more than 50 articles and books.

Nathan Kwabena Adisi (AKA Bola Ray)
Business Development Adviser (Africa)
Nat has over 10 years of experience in strategic management, marketing and brand
positioning, with extensive knowledge of emerging markets.
Currently working as Chief Executive Officer at EIB Network Ghana, he oversees 7
radio stations and 2 television stations, providing strategic direction and acts as
chief fundraiser and spokesperson.
In 2016 he won Best Young Business Personality of the Year, awarded by
Entrepreneur Foundation Ghana.
His knowledge of media and marketing and brand positioning will be invaluable to
help strengthen Darico’s positioning and brand, ensuring the success of the Darico
ICO.

44

Token Sale Summary

45

Token Sale Summary

Darico Limited (“Darico”, “we”, “us” or “our”)

Seller

A Gibraltar private limited liability company
Company no. 116871
Registered address: Suite 7, Hadfield House, Library
Street, Gibraltar

Purchase Website & instructions

www.darico.io (“Website”)
Purchasers must follow the instructions on the Website to
purchase Darico Ecosystem Coins

Token Sale Terms & Conditions

To be made available on the Website. Each purchaser of
Darico Ecosystem Coins must ensure that they carefully
read the terms and conditions and obtain any necessary
legal advice before agreeing to them.

Token Name
(to be sold during Public Sale Period)

Darico Ecosystem Coin

Token Ticker
(of the Darico Ecosystem Coin to be
sold during Public Sale Period)

DEC

The Darico Ecosystem has six main elements:

Project Summary

46

1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.

the Darico Wallet;
the Darico Terminal;
the Darico Debit Card;
the Darico Exchange;
the Darico Index Fund; and
the Darico Liquidity Pool.

Token Sale Summary

Sale Period

30th January 2018 to 30th July 2018 at 12:00 CET, unless
fully sold before

Total Token Supply

120,000,000 DEC

Availability:
(a)

(b)

Darico Ecosystem Coins (DEC) during Public Sale Period
Darico Ecosystem Coins (DEC) to
support the development of the
Darico Ecosystem

72,000,000 DEC

18,000,000 DEC

US$ 0.5 = 1 DEC, exclusive of transaction fees or costs

Darico Ecosystem Coin (DEC) price

Minimum Contribution

DEC may be purchased in fractions up to 18 decimal
places
$100
ETH and BTC transferred to the digital address specified
on the Website, payable at the applicable ETH or BTC
price determined by Darico and specified on the Website
at the time of purchase.

Accepted methods of payment

Alternative methods of payment may be accepted at a
later date which (if available) will be published on the
Website.
Darico will never publish any Token Sale address
anywhere except on our Website

47

Token Sale Summary

Distribution of purchased Darico
Ecosystem Coins (DEC)

All Contributors to receive DEC at the end of the ICO.

Remaining ICO Token

The remaining ICO tokens will be burned and removed
from circulation.
The only communication channels authorised by Darico
for the purposes of the Token Sale are:

Authorised communication channels

48

Website: www.darico.io
Email: reach@darico.io
Twitter: www.twitter.com/daricocoin
Facebook: www.facebook.com/DaricoCoin/
Telegram: t.me/darico_ico
Medium: medium.com/@darico.coin/
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/darico/

Corporate Governance

49

Corporate Governance

Corporate Governance Principles

50

Leadership

Sustainability

The Management Team shall lead with the
intention of meeting Darico’s commercial
objectives and those of the Darico Ecosystem
in the short and the long term.

The Management Team shall guide Darico’s
business to create value and allocate it fairly
and sustainably, to ensure that adequate
financial and non-financial resources are
maintained.

Ethics, Honesty & Integrity

Accountability

The Management Team shall ensure that the
business of Darico is conducted in an ethical,
fair and transparent manner. The
Management Team shall act with honesty and
integrity in their work and in their personal
lives.

The Management Team shall be accountable
and will communicate a fair and balanced
assessment of how Darico is meeting its
commercial objectives and those of the Darico
Ecosystem, to stakeholders at regular
intervals.

Capability

Reputation

The Management Team shall have an
appropriate combination of knowledge, skills,
qualifications and experience to enable them
to discharge their duties and responsibilities
effectively, and to the highest standards.

The Management Team shall ensure that they
uphold and protect the interests of the
communities in which the Darico Ecosystem
operates and safeguard the reputation and
integrity of Gibraltar and of the global
blockchain community.

Corporate Governance

Internal corporate governance controls, policies &
procedures
The above key principles, serve as a good governance guide to the Management Team. In
addition, Darico has a range of policies which assist it in adhering to the highest standards. These
include:
Corporate Governance Policy
This sets out how we implement internal controls to manage our business in accordance with high
corporate governance standards. It includes board and other operating procedures which we will
follow and clearly specifies the responsibilities of the board of Directors and every other member
of the Management Team. Amongst other things, it specifies a reporting methodology (to the
Board of Directors), conflicts of interest policy and a whole series of other internal controls.
Anti-Financial Crime Policy
This includes a methodology, in full compliance with Gibraltar law (EU standard) to prevent money
laundering, terrorist financing, bribery and corruption and to report suspicious transactions to the
Gibraltar authorities.
Customer Due Diligence Measures Policy
This includes a methodology (to EU standards) for the risk assessment of our clients, including an
approach for individuals and all types of legal entities.
Risk Management Policy
This sets out a methodology for us to identify, assess, manage and mitigate the risks of our
business.
GDPR-compliant Data Protection Policy
We take data protection very seriously and have implemented a policy to handle customer data
which complies with the EU General Data Protection Regulation that will come into effect in May
2018.
Policies on the protection of digital assets and ICT/Cybersecurity
We have thorough policies and procedures in this regard, which we have developed with the
assistance of specialised professionals.

51

Disclosures & Legal

52

Disclosures & Legal

Contents of this whitepaper
You must read the contents of this whitepaper carefully before participating in the Darico
Ecosystem Coin (DEC) sale. The contents of this whitepaper are not used for financial promotions.
No entity other than Darico can engage in issuing DEC tokens, which are intended to operate and
function in accordance with the plans described in the whitepaper (subject to development
changes).
Sale of Darico Ecosystem Coins (DEC)
This whitepaper and any other documents published in association therewith, relate to a token
offering for the sale of Darico Ecosystem Coins (DEC) in respect of the intended development and
use of the Darico Ecosystem as more particularly set out herein.
No offer of regulated products
This whitepaper does not constitute an offer or solicitation of securities or any other regulated
product, nor a promotion, invitation or solicitation for investment purposes. The terms of the
purchase of Darico Ecosystem Coins (DEC) are not intended to be a financial service offering
document or a prospectus.
The sole purpose of Darico Ecosystem Coins (DEC) are to access the Darico Ecosystem and the
related products and services as described in this whitepaper.
Darico Ecosystem Coins (DEC) do not represent equity, shares, units, royalties or rights to capital,
profit, returns or income in the platform or software or in Darico or in any other company or
intellectual property associated with the Darico Ecosystem or any other public or private
enterprise, corporation, foundation or other entity in any jurisdiction. Darico Ecosystem Coins
(DEC) are not intended to represent a security or similar legal interest and are not an investment
product.
No advice
This whitepaper does not constitute advice to purchase Darico Ecosystem Coins (DEC) and must
not be relied upon in connection with any contract or purchasing decision.

53

Disclosures & Legal

Risk warnings
The purchase of Darico Ecosystem Coins
(DEC) carries significant risks. You should
carefully assess this whitepaper and all risks
related thereto before purchasing any Darico
Ecosystem Coins (DEC).
Obtain all necessary professional advice
You should consult a lawyer and/or
accountant and/or tax professional (as
required) before deciding to purchase any
Darico Ecosystem Coins (DEC).
This whitepaper describes a future project
This whitepaper contains forward-looking
statements which are based on the beliefs of
Darico, certain assumptions made by us and
information available to us. The projects
described in this whitepaper are under
development and are constantly being
updated, including but not limited to, its
technical features. Accordingly, if and when
the Darico project is completed, it may differ
significantly from the project set out in this
whitepaper. No representation or warranty is
given as to the achievement or
reasonableness of any plans, future
projections or prospects and nothing in this
document is or should be relied upon as a
promise or representation as to the future.
Darico Ecosystem Coins (DEC) relate to the
development and use of experimental
software and technologies that may not come
to fruition or achieve the objectives specified
in this whitepaper.

54

Licences and approvals are not assured in all
jurisdictions
Darico intends to operate in full compliance
with applicable laws and regulations and
obtain the necessary licences and approvals
in key markets. Therefore, the development
and rollout of all the features of the Ecosystem
described in this whitepaper are not
guaranteed. Regulatory licences and/or
approvals are likely to be required in Gibraltar
and, potentially, in a number of relevant
jurisdictions in which relevant activities may
take place. It is not possible to guarantee and
neither Darico nor any member of its
Management Team nor its Advisers, makes
any assurances that any such licences or
approvals will be obtained within a particular
timeframe or at all. It is, therefore possible
that some features of the proposed
Ecosystem may not be available in certain
markets, or at all. This could require
restructuring of particular aspects of the
Ecosystem and/or may result in its
unavailability in whole or in part.
Views of Darico only
The views and opinions expressed in this
whitepaper are those of Darico and do not
reflect the official policy or position of any
government, quasi-government, authority or
public body (including but not limited to any
regulatory body of any jurisdiction) in any
jurisdiction. Information contained in this
whitepaper is based on sources considered
reliable by Darico but there is no assurance as
to its accuracy or completeness.

Disclosures & Legal

Risk factors
The following are risk factors you should consider relating to the Darico Ecosystem Coin (DEC)
sale, the Darico Ecosystem and the projects to be undertaken in this regard.

55

●

Darico may not raise sufficient funds to execute on all of the projects of the Darico
Ecosystem.

●

Darico Ecosystem Coins (DEC) may be significantly influenced by digital currency market
trends and their value may be seriously depreciated due to non-Darico related events in
the digital currency markets.

●

The Darico Ecosystem will comprise complex software platforms and their launch may be
significantly delayed due to unforeseen development barriers.

●

Competition may introduce the same or better solutions to the Darico products and the
Darico Ecosystem as a whole and may cause Darico Ecosystem Coins (DEC) to lose market
share and eventually fail to deliver on its business goals and on those of the Darico
Ecosystem.

●

Digital currencies are extremely volatile and Darico Ecosystem Coins (DEC) may suffer from
such volatility.

●

International laws and regulations may render the trading of Darico Ecosystem Coins (DEC)
impossible.

●

The use of Darico Ecosystem Coins (DEC) may come under the scrutiny of governmental
institutions and regulatory authorities.

●

The ownership of Darico Ecosystem Coins (DEC) may fall under new and unpredicted
taxation laws that may erode their benefits.

●

Darico may not succeed in creating the necessary momentum and acceptance for the
Darico Ecosystem Coins (DEC), which may result in low liquidity and depletion of trades.

To get involved with crypto,
get involved with Darico!

Wallet - Gnius

Exchange - DarEx

Index fund CHawk

Terminal - Nyus

Liquidity Pool

Debit card DePay

Follow us!
56

