Blockchain Empowered Revolutionary
Digital Advertising Terminal
Decentralized Ad Ecosystem with User Participation

WHITEPAPER PG 0

NOTICE
NOTHING IN THIS WHITEPAPER CONSTITUTES LEGAL, FINANCIAL, BUSINESS OR
TAX ADVICE AND YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR
OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER(S) BEFORE ENGAGING IN ANY ACTIVITY IN
CONNECTION

HEREWITH.

NEITHER

COSIMA

FOUNDATION

LIMITED

(THE

FOUNDATION), ANY OF THE PROJECT TEAM MEMBERS WHO HAVE WORKED ON
DATX (AS DEFINED HEREIN) OR PROJECT TO DEVELOP DATX IN ANY WAY
WHATSOEVER (THE DATX TEAM), ANY DISTRIBUTOR/VENDOR OF DATX TOKEN
(THE DISTRIBUTOR), NOR ANY SERVICE PROVIDER SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY KIND
OF DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGE OR LOSS WHATSOEVER WHICH YOU MAY SUFFER
IN CONNECTION WITH ACCESSING THIS WHITEPAPER, THE WEBSITE AT
HTTPS://DATX.CO/ (THE WEBSITE) OR ANY OTHER WEBSITES OR MATERIALS
PUBLISHED BY THE FOUNDATION.

This Whitepaper is intended for general informational purposes only and does not constitute a
prospectus, an offer document, an offer of securities, a solicitation for investment, or any offer to
sell any product, item or asset (whether digital or otherwise). The information herein below may not
be exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a contractual relationship. There is no assurance
as to the accuracy or completeness of such information and no representation, warranty or
undertaking is or purported to be provided as to the accuracy or completeness of such information.
Where this Whitepaper includes information that has been obtained from third party sources, the
Foundation and/or the DATx team have not independently verified the accuracy or completion of
such information. Further, you acknowledge that circumstances may change and that this
Whitepaper may become outdated as a result; and the Foundation is under no obligation to update
or correct this document in connection therewith.
This Whitepaper does not constitute any offer by the Foundation, the Distributor or the DATx team
to sell any DATx Token (as defined herein) nor shall it or any part of it nor the fact of its presentation
form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or investment decision. Nothing
contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or undertaking
as to the future performance of DATx. The agreement between the Distributor and you, in relation
to any sale and purchase of DATx Token is to be governed by only the separate terms and conditions
of such agreement.
WHITEPAPER PG 1

By accessing this Whitepaper or any part thereof, you represent and warrant to the Foundation, its
affiliates, and the DATx team as follows:
(1) in any decision to purchase any DATx Token, you have not relied on any statement set out
in this Whitepaper;
(2) you will and shall at your own expense ensure compliance with all laws, regulatory
requirements and restrictions applicable to you (as the case may be);
(3) you acknowledge, understand and agree that DATx Token may have no value, there is no
guarantee or representation of value or liquidity for DATx Token, and DATx Token is not
for speculative investment;
(4) none of the Foundation, its affiliates, and/or the DATx team members shall be responsible
for or liable for the value of DATx Token, the transferability and/or liquidity of DATx Token
and/or the availability of any market for DATx Token through third parties or otherwise; and
(5) you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible to purchase any DATx
Token if you are a citizen, national, resident (tax or otherwise), domiciliary and/or green
card holder of a geographic area or country (i) where it is likely that the sale of DATx Token
would be construed as the sale of a security (howsoever named) or investment product and/or
(ii) in which access to or participation in the DATx Token sale or DATx is prohibited by
applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, or administrative act, and/or (including without
limitation the United States of America, Canada, New Zealand, People's Republic of China
and the Republic of Korea).
The Foundation, the Distributor and the DATx team do not and do not purport to make, and hereby
disclaims, all representations, warranties or undertaking to any entity or person (including without
limitation warranties as to the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or reliability of the contents of
this Whitepaper or any other materials published by the Foundation). To the maximum extent
permitted by law, the Foundation, the Distributor, their related entities and service providers shall
not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort,
contract or otherwise (including, without limitation, any liability arising from default or negligence
on the part of any of them, or any loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data) arising
from the use of this Whitepaper or any other materials published, or its contents or otherwise arising
in connection with the same. Prospective purchasers of DATx Token should carefully consider and
evaluate all risks and uncertainties (including financial and legal risks and uncertainties) associated
with the DATx Token sale, the Foundation, the Distributor and the DATx team.
All contributions will be applied towards the Foundation's objects, including without limitation
WHITEPAPER PG 2

promoting the research, design and development of, and advocacy for blockchain-based favourable
unified protocols and operating mechanism for a revolutionary and innovative intelligent advertising
ecosystem which integrates blockchain, artificial Intelligence and big data techniques in order to
involve advertisement audiences in the value chain, ensure user data privacy and security, and
maximize the economic benefits of the whole advertising ecosystem.
The information set out in this Whitepaper is for community discussion only and is not legally
binding. The agreement for sale and purchase of DATx Token and/or continued holding of DATx
Token shall be governed by a separate set of Terms and Conditions or Token Purchase Agreement
(as the case may be) setting out the terms of such purchase and/or continued holding of DATx Token
(the Terms and Conditions), which shall be separately provided to you or made available on the
Website. In the event of any inconsistencies between the Terms and Conditions and this Whitepaper,
the Terms and Conditions shall prevail.
The Distributor of DATx Token shall be an affiliate of the Foundation. The contributions in the
token sale will be held by the Distributor (or its affiliate) after the token sale, and contributors will
have no economic or legal right over or beneficial interest in these contributions or the assets of that
entity after the token sale. To the extent a secondary market or exchange for trading DATx Token
does develop, it would be run and operated wholly independently of the Foundation, the Distributor,
the sale of DATx Token and DATx. Neither the Foundation nor the Distributor will create such
secondary markets nor will either entity act as an exchange for DATx Token.
This is only a conceptual whitepaper describing the future development goals for DATx to be
developed. This Whitepaper may be amended or replaced from time to time. There are no
obligations to update this Whitepaper or to provide recipients with access to any information beyond
what is provided in this Whitepaper.
All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press releases or in any place
accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by the Foundation, the Distributor
and/or the DATx team may constitute forward-looking statements (including statements regarding
intent, belief or current expectations with respect to market conditions, business strategy and plans,
financial condition, specific provisions and risk management practices). You are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements given that these statements involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results to be
materially different from that described by such forward-looking statements, and no independent
third party has reviewed the reasonableness of any such statements or assumptions. These forwardlooking statements are applicable only as of the date of this Whitepaper and the Foundation and the
WHITEPAPER PG 3

DATx team expressly disclaims any responsibility (whether express or implied) to release any
revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events after such date.
The use of any company and/or platform names or trademarks herein (save for those which relate
to the Foundation or its affiliates) does not imply any affiliation with, or endorsement by, any third
party. References in this Whitepaper to specific companies and platforms are for illustrative
purposes only.
This Whitepaper may be translated into a language other than English and in the event of conflict
or ambiguity between the English language version and translated versions of this Whitepaper, the
English language version shall prevail. You acknowledge that you have read and understood the
English language version of this Whitepaper.
No part of this Whitepaper is to be copied, reproduced, distributed or disseminated in any way
without the prior written consent of the Foundation.

WHITEPAPER PG 4

DATx WHITEPAPER
(V1.1)

PREFIX-- The Revolution of the Digital Advertising Market
October 27, 1994: The First Banner Advertisements in the World
The world of advertising was forever transformed, when Wired Magazine flipped the switch on its
first website, hotwired.com, with a small kitschy rainbow graphic bearing the presumptive words—
“Have you ever clicked your mouse right HERE?  YOU WILL”.

The age of banner advertisements had officially begun, starting a revolution in web content and
advertising that still reverberates today.
1996 - 2006: Search Engines, Paid Search and Pay-per-Click
As the number of sites on the Web increased, search engines started appearing to help people find
information quickly. Moreover, new business models were developed to enable search engines to
finance their services, including pay-per-click programmes offered by Open Text in 1996 and then
Goto.com in 1998. Google also began to offer advertisements on search result pages in 2000 through
the Google AdWords programme. By 2007, pay-per-click programmes proved to be primary moneymakers for search engines.
2006: Social Publisher and Targeted Advertising
The success of search engines relies on matching the search query of a user with a relevant
advertisement, which would turn into a successful advertisement click action. Extended to display
advertising on publisher sites, the content networks of search engines semantically process the
content of a page and retrieve advertisements that are relevant.

WHITEPAPER PG 5

However, this complicated matching mechanism is no longer a problem for social publishing
platforms such as Facebook and Twitter -- a new growing force of the Internet. They know their
users significantly better than search engines could understand, through collecting detailed user
information. Users willingly provide their personal information in a structured and detailed manner
to create complete social profiles and enable better social network exposure and growth.

This lays the foundation for targeted advertising, where advertisers can use the information through
Social Publisher Advertising Platforms to better understand and target their audience.
2010- Present: The Boom of Native Advertisements
Instead of relying on advertisements that disrupt the online experiences of their target audiences,
native advertising allows marketers to create "in-feed" and inherently non-disruptive promotional
content that supplements the online experience of a user, such as promoted tweets on Twitter,
suggested posts on Facebook and sponsored content on Buzzfeed or Mashable.

Content marketers are increasingly turning to native advertising as it is understood to be better at
building trust and engagement with prospective customers than traditional display advertisements.

The Future?
.
.
.
.

DATX
A Blockchain Empowered Revolutionary Digital Advertising Terminal

WHITEPAPER PG 6

DATx WHITEPAPER
Blockchain Empowered Revolutionary Digital Advertising Terminal.
Decentralized Ad Ecosystem with User Participation.

(V1.1)

Contents
1. DATx MISSION - CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES IN DIGITAL

ADVERTISING
1.1 DATA PRIVACY AND SECURITY
1.2 DATA ISOLATION
1.3 ADVERTISING - UNIFORM, OR VARIETY?
1.4 MISSING USERS ON ADVERTISING VALUE CHAIN
2. DATx VALUE
3. MARKET STATUS
4. DATx - WIN-WIN DECENTRALIZED ADVERTISING ECOSYSTEM
4.1. THE ROLES IN DATx ECOSYSTEM
4.1.1 THE END USER
4.1.2 ADVERTISERS
4.1.3 PUBLISHER
4.1.4 ADVERTISING PLATFORM
4.2 OBJECTIVE OF DIFFERENT ROLES IN THE ECOSYSTEM
5. DATx ECOSYSTEM
5.1 ECOSYSTEM DIAGRAM
5.2 PRODUCT FORM
5.2.1 CUSTOMIZED NATIVE ADS
WHITEPAPER PG 7

5.2.2 NATIVE ADS FEED
5.3 DATx DECENTRALIZED USER BEHAVIOR ARCHIVE
5.3.1 DATx USERS BEHAVIOR ARCHIVE SOLUTION
5.3.2 VALUE OF INFORMATION IN DATx BEHAVIOR ARCHIVE
5.3.3 INPORTANCE OF DATx USER BEHAVIOR ARCHIVE
5.4 AI CUSTOMIZED ADS RECOMMENDATION
5.5 INTEGRATED APPROACH
6. DATx TOKEN ECOSYSTEM INCENTIVE MECHANISUM
6.1 TOKEN (DATx)
6.2 ECOSYSTEM INCENTIVE MECHANISM SCENARIOS
6.2.1 USER INCENTIVE MECHANISM
6.2.2 PUBLISHER INCENTIVE MECHANISM
6.3 TOKEN CONSUMPTION
6.4 ANTI-FRAUD MONITORING
6.4.1 LOGIC OF FRAUD
6.4.2 ANTI-FRAUD BASED ON DATx USER BEHAVIOR ARCHIVE
7. DATx BLOCKCHAIN EXPLORATION
7.1 DATx USER BEHAVIOR ARCHIVAL STORAGE DESIGN REQUIREMENTS
7.2 PRINCIPLE OF STORAGE NODE SELECTION
7.3 ARCHIVE CONTRACTS
7.4 ARCHIVE REDUNDANCY
7.5 DATA ENCRYPTION
7.6 SUMMARY
8. PRODUCT ROADMAP
9. DATx CORE TEAM
10. RISKS
WHITEPAPER PG 8

1
DATx MISSION
CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES IN
DIGITAL ADVERTISING

WHITEPAPER PG 9

1. DATx MISSION -- CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES IN DIGITAL
ADVERTISING
DATx is a revolution of the current advertising industry, aimed to build a brand-new intelligent
advertising ecosystem, with decentralization as its foundation and Artificial Intelligence as its driving
engine.

According to the forecast of ZenithOptimedia, since 2011, the global advertising market has
steadily developed, with an overall growth rate of between 4% and 5%. In 2018, global advertising
expenses would increase 4.4% and till the end of year, it would increase to $592 billion. Among
them, the market share of programmatic media buying and advertising would be above 50%.

The era of Mobile and Big Data has provided advantages for the development of programmatic
advertising. Mobile devices connect with users more closely, which is convenient for programmatic
advertisements to identify and locate users. Meanwhile, abundant mobile-based marketing
approaches combined with programmatic advertising, boosts the marketing value of digital
advertising in both accuracy and innovative capabilities.

Programmatic media buying is the purchase of advertisement placement traffic through automatic
procedures involving Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Real-Time Bidding (RTB). When the targeted
audience appears, the advertisements are delivered to the right groups in real time, with
appropriate advertisement content, thus realizing precise marketing aimed at individual consumers.

On this background of programmatic marketing, the advertisers are no longer restricted to the few
existing approaches to delivering and planning advertisements-- they have a much greater level of
flexibility. However, alongside this advantage, programmatic marketing would also bring about “the
Walled Garden” phenomenon in which everyone plays his/ her own game, thus posing a larger
challenge to advertisers, media channels and platforms on their abilities of planning, coordination,
optimization and data protection.

1.1 DATA PRIVACY AND SECURITY
In the Big Data era of advertising, once advertisers or media initiate their marketing campaigns,
they would collect user behavioural and private data from a diversity of channels. All data generated
by users would be stored on data platforms built by each of these advertisers and media but none
of the proprietary or tenured rights will belong to users at all. No matter what campaigns are carried
WHITEPAPER PG 10

out, users have no idea about how their data is being utilized and further monetised.

However, arguably, the data proprietorship of users should be their own. Regarding this matter, it
should be optional for users to choose individualized advertising services given their interests and
preferences, or hide their own data, or provide part of their data that was authorized to advertisers
or media.

Besides, due to enormous amounts of private data of users stored, the enterprises and institutions
having the data are exposed to risks of user information leaking caused by existing security
vulnerabilities. This issue not only imperils the business health, branding and reputation of the
companies with the data; it may also cause them to bear severe legal consequences.

1.2 DATA ISOLATION
Data is essential for precision advertising. This technical innovation utterly altered the traditional
methods of using data in advertising. Nowadays, advertising platforms have to improve their
products and services through data machine learning effects. For instance, YouTube can track the
click behaviour of each user, amend and complete the algorithm according to the acquired data,
thus attracting more users. Based on big data personas, companies can also provide customized
products; setting individual prices adjusted to consumer affordability and price-sensitivity.
Moreover, companies can reuse the data and develop new business opportunities.

Simultaneously, each data aggregating medium and advertising platform will build its own
respective advertisement exchange market and delivery system, alongside major public
advertisement exchange markets, forming the situation of a fragmented world and data isolation.

Data isolation exists among all systems that require data for sharing and exchange. According to
the application of big data techniques, different advertising platforms and media can neither share
or jointly manage data information, nor communicate on production data. When data comes apart,
there is data isolation; this brings difficulties such as information redundancy, spam and inability to
ensure consistency in information exchanged.

Media and advertising platforms utilize user information in their own data centres and provide
advertisers with “audience targeting” services, whereas the advertisers would process the user
data to deliver retargeted advertising. In this case, the collected user data that is stored on various
servers of each advertiser and medium in a disconnected manner, forms data isolation, leading to
failure in accurately portraying user personas and resulting in extremely low efficiency of
WHITEPAPER PG 11

advertising delivery.

1.3 ADVERTISING -- UNIFORM, OR VARIETY?
Advertisements on traditional media such as television and newspaper are always uniform, barely
taking advertising audience into consideration. All audiences view the same advertisement and are
not entitled to choose. Though the online media has started to push advertising that users may
have interests in, the users can still only passively accept. Even the advertisement content is
unappealing, the users are left with nowhere to express their opinions and would have awful
experiences.

For advertisers, massive advertising content cannot reach targeted audiences, thus it is not
precisely delivered. These advertisements, which cost advertisers plenty of marketing expenses,
actually perform poorly on return on investment (ROI).

Up to now, advertising has come to an era of personalised recommendations. It should generate
user personas according to their various preferences, provide varied customized push content;
help advertisers effectively increase click-through rate (CTR), conversion and user viscosity,
consequently improving the operating performance of clients tremendously.

1.4 MISSING USERS ON ADVERTISING VALUE CHAIN
On the advertising value chain, advertisers deliver advertisements through media and acquire
customers, while media would make profits from the advertisers with their user traffic. The anomaly
here is that although advertisement audiences are a significant part on the value chain of the
advertising industry, they cannot participate in the advertising value chain or obtain any share of
advertisement revenue.

In addition, if the advertisement content is not appealing at all, the audiences will blame the pushed
advertisements for occupying them from viewing other content and develop negative attitudes
towards these advertisements.

Only by involving advertisement audiences in the value chain entirely, as well as ensuring user
data privacy and security, can one maximize the economic benefits of the whole advertising
ecosystem and develop the advertising ecosystem in a benign direction.
DATx is dedicated to developing blockchain-based favourable unified protocols and
operating mechanisms for the entire advertising ecosystem, to forming an effective, secure,
WHITEPAPER PG 12

benign and benefit-maximized advertising ecosystem.

DATx is committed to integration of blockchain techniques combining Artificial Intelligence
and big data techniques, to build a revolutionary and innovative intelligent advertising
ecosystem.

WHITEPAPER PG 13

2
DATx VALUE

WHITEPAPER PG 14

2. DATx VALUE
Aristotle defined justice as the following, “if any action is well performed, it is performed in
accordance with the appropriate principle; if this is the case, human good turns out to be activity of
the soul in accordance with virtue”. In his opinion, the disciplines derived from justice can be
accounted for the judgement of right and wrong; justice is exactly the foundation of forming social
orders.
Under the guarantee of “irreversibility”, “justice”, “transparency” and “auditability”, DATx ecosystem
is intended to transmit impeccable “truth of information”. The Foundation acknowledges that the
“true” is the “good”. Through this pattern of value transmission formed of machine trust, DATx aims
to definitely bring a brand-new “good” and “wise” interaction between one and another. Media,
advertising platforms and advertisers make data collection transparent to users; users are willing
to share their data. It becomes easier to create positive incentives between individuals and human
culture will certainly develop to a further level towards harmony and goodness.

DATx strives to build a just, transparent and open advertising ecosystem; it will bring innovation on
the following:

Complementary advantages of AI and blockchain
Precision advertising and high ROI
Decentralized trustworthy system with lowered operating costs
Openness and Scalability
Stronger reliability, anonymity, independence and compliance
Optimized incentive mechanism
Fairer benefit distribution, higher intra-system matching efficiency
Connection between digital world and real world

WHITEPAPER PG 15

3
MARKET STATUS

WHITEPAPER PG 16

3. MARKET STATUS
Since May 2017, a number of Initial Coin Offering (ICO) projects have been implemented to incise
in the advertising industry.

The founder of JavaScript initiated the BAT project. The project primarily built Brave-- a fast, open
and privacy-oriented browser able to screen third-party advertisements and tracking. It also
constructed a record system able to award users and advertising publishers according to the
attention measurement of users; which merely acts against web advertising systems and is
restricted to audiences in the Brave browser, therefore the user base is limited.

AdEx is another blockchain-based P2P advertisement exchange platform, aimed at renovating
current advertising patterns and resolving important matters such as advertising fraud, the privacy
issue and malicious sponsorship advertising exposure. Advertisers can bid for advertising assets
like impressions, clicks and conversions; they can set the ADX token prices for the assets. Once a
publisher accepts a bid, the token used for that transaction will be frozen until the publisher certifies
that the goal has been achieved. When this is proven, the token will be transferred to the account
of the publisher. A core characteristic of AdEx is AdEx Profile. This is a customized page designed
to help each of the end users understand and control the advertisements delivered to them. For
advertisers, allowing users to have more control rights would be more beneficial, as the users are
in actual fact, proactively informing the advertisers of the consumption preferences, behaviours,
habits and will, etc. of the former. This means that AdEx Profile can help advertisers realize
advertisement targeting of “surgical precision”, to acquire higher advertising ROI. The problem with
the project is that P2P is too costly for the platform and too difficult to support massive
advertisement impressions, hence the expandability of the project turns out to be a great trouble.

Similar to AdEx, other P2P advertisement exchange platforms such as AdChain and AdShares are
also confronted with same issue, besides, these most recent developments are still vastly restricted
to the overly small participation user bases of the platforms.

In a nutshell, all the above solutions may have set the wrong starting points, hence in addition to
the trivial user bases, it would be a tremendously difficult to break into the advertising industry.

WHITEPAPER PG 17

4
DATx MULTI-WIN
DECENTRALIZED ADVERTISING
ECOSYSTEM

WHITEPAPER PG 18

4. DATx -- WIN-WIN DECENTRALIZED ADVERTISING ECOSYSTEM
The mission of DATx is to build a win-win revolutionary decentralized advertising ecosystem, so
that all users can actively participate in the ecosystem built.

Users can know that their actions will help the advertising platforms better deliver suitable
advertisements and they can also get the corresponding incentives under the mechanism of this
ecosystem.

Similarly, the advertising platforms in this ecosystem can better utilize the data to improve their
user targeting algorithms and deliver advertisements that are more acceptable to users.

Advertisers can spend less to target users more accurately and avoid some ineffective
advertisement deliveries.

Publishers can reduce the inconvenience and discomfort caused to users by providing higher
quality advertising. At the same time, publishers are willing to provide better traffic and
advertisement placements due to the corresponding incentive mechanism.

Furthermore, DATx blockchain technology can solve the transparency issue of profit distribution in
the advertising industry. Based on the decentralization protocol, a transparent and multistakeholder advertising ecosystem is built through blockchain technology and distributed storage.
The incentive mechanism encourages users to participate, thus promoting spontaneous
interactions among users, publishers and advertisers in the ecosystem. Finally, the feature of
blockchain decentralization and data transparency is used to balance advertising user experience
and commercialization, thus forming a reliable data flow closed-loop.

All data snapshots can be kept on the blockchain so that the data can never be tampered with;
users will also be able to view data based on their corresponding permission levels. The DATx
protocol involves all participants in the ecosystem, and introduces a more convenient payment
system (DATx Token can be distributed quickly via smart contracts, which can be used to purchase
services in the advertising ecosystem).
Developers can integrate DATx Ad Software Development Kit (SDK), which will not only enable
them to generate digital advertising revenue but also receive DATx Tokens as incentives from the
ecosystem based on the capability of each developer to generate quality traffic and user
acquisition. The Foundation aims to incentivize advertisers to use DATx Tokens when placing
WHITEPAPER PG 19

advertisements on its advertising platforms and will offer extra incentives at the early stage of the
ecosystem development.

The Foundation expects that this incentive mechanism will bring in a positive loop of traffic growth
(because developers can gain extra benefits in the ecosystem), with more and more developers
joining the ecosystem; the increased traffic volume can attract more advertisers to place their
advertisements here and empower the platform to achieve a more accurate recommendation
algorithm. The law of Metcalfe points out that the value of a telecommunication network is
proportional to the square of online user number in the system (n2). The more participants in the
network,

the

greater

the

value

of

the

platform

will

be.

4.1 THE ROLES IN DATx ECOSYSTEM
The DATx ecosystem is composed of four important roles.

4.1.1 THE END USER
The end user is the audience that views the advertisement. In the DATx ecosystem, users no longer
passively receive advertisements but will be more involved in the process to optimize the
advertising service through feedback mechanisms, such as clicking on "like" or "not interested";
other key measures such as viewing time, click through actions and conversion etc. As long as
their behaviour and interactions contribute to the construction of the whole ecosystem, they should
be incentivised with DATx Tokens.

In addition, the advertising SDK will be integrated into various D-APPs. DATx intends to design a
proper and effective user acquisition system to balance user growth and advertising effectiveness.
Potential DATx users will be identified, acquired and required to fill out their profile information to
enable DATx to identify them in the system and provide better targeting advertisement. Active users
also need to provide timely feedback on the advertisements content from the DATx advertising
platform: including likes and dislikes, etc.

Acquisition of active users can be achieved through, but not limited to:
1) The DATx’ advertising platform
2) Promote through D-APP developers. Users and D-APPs will both receive incentives for their
WHITEPAPER PG 20

contribution to the ecosystem
3) DATx native advertising

4.1.2 ADVERTISERS
Advertisers purchase DATx Tokens as advertising budgets, create different advertising requests
and raise the advertising rankings by bidding to get more attention from users. Advertisers deliver
the matching advertisements to the target users through their personalized recommendation
algorithms and the feedback of the users to each advertisement will affect the ordering of the
advertisement. Ultimately, the advertisement ranks among the users who are interested in it; is
ranked low among or even hidden from the users who are not interested in it, so that the advertising
budget can be spent effectively and the ROI is enhanced.

Advertisers would get more detailed user data and more efficient access to the real users they
want, after placing ads on the DATx platform. In addition, the cost per thousand (CPM)
advertisements on the DATx platform are billed based on their effectiveness, excluding
advertisement interactions from users who are not interested in the advertisement, which can
reasonably save advertising budget.

4.1.3 PUBLISHER
Publishers integrate DATx SDK to participate in the whole ecosystem. Publishers will automatically
get a wallet to receive payment and incentives in the ecosystem (DATx Token), which will enhance
the loyalty of the publishers. Users can even incentivise publishers for providing quality content
and the publishers can gain additional incentives by providing better targeted advertisement
services.

4.1.4 ADVERTISING PLATFORM
The DATx advertising platform is used to manage advertisement delivery and advertising data.

Advertisement delivery is based on user data. On the premise that the user agrees, blockchain
records the real user data profile in an encrypted matter, so that it better utilizes big data to
continuously optimize the advertisement targeting algorithm. The advertisers or advertising
agencies integrated to the ecosystem through DATx Protocol, can have access to the database of
the DATx Ecosystem, so that their advertisements can be more accurately targeted to users.
A digital advertising platform is a typical multi-sided marketplace. The main players include
advertisers, publisher, advertising platforms and Internet users.
WHITEPAPER PG 21

DSP is a system and an online advertising platform. It helps advertisers to deliver advertisements
on PC or mobile. DSP provides advertisers with one unified access interface to manage multiple
Ad Exchange accounts.

1) United launch platform and integrated multi-source traffic

It provides an intuitive, handy and comprehensive operating platform for advertisers, so that they
can easily manage multiple advertisements through multiple media on a united platform. It can
simplify the process of media buying and is able to integrate and manage different media traffic
sources, avoiding the waste of resources as in traditional and complicated media buying.

2) Audience purchase-oriented

Except for subverting the traditional media buying mode, DATx has also upended the traditional
advertising logic and clearly defined the purchase mode with an audience orientation. Advertisers
are not buying the media but leveraging users underlying the media. The advertising platform
extracts user features through big data analyses for advertisement delivery; the typical features
include interest (e.g. auto website/ App, English articles, a certain brand) and behaviour
(advertising engagements, even recent clicks on current advertisers' own advertisements). The
feature tags will be increasingly abundant when it develops with advertising demand and data
mining. Advertisers can even explore their own interests of user behaviour in the open, anonymous
blockchain distributed databases; precisely deliver advertisements to their interest groups of users,
hence achieving extraordinary advertising performance. These groups of users are more likely to
be interested in the advertisements (even if not, this will be reflected on their engagements with the
advertisements).

3) Real-time optimization algorithm based on AI

Advertising is all about objectives -- satisfying the advertising target of an advertiser with an
optimization algorithm is the basic guarantee of service quality. Through the optimization of
machine learning algorithm, the system will help advertisers automatically determine the target
audiences (maybe excavate potential users that advertisers are unaware of) and optimal bidding
strategies (getting quality users at lowest costs).

4) Comprehensive and consolidated data reports

WHITEPAPER PG 22

Just as in the aforementioned challenges that the advertising market has, advertisers cannot fully
control all advertisements to avoid repetitive advertising distribution. This requires a unified
operating platform and requires DSP to provide advertisers with timely and comprehensive data
reports, including information of cost, frequency, effectiveness, order status and so on.

4.2 OBJECTIVE OF DIFFERENT ROLES IN THE ECOSYSTEM
The advertising platform connects the upstream “Advertiser” and the downstream “Publisher”.

Advertisers care about whether they can locate their desired customers and get them at minimized
cost.

Publishers care about:
1.

Maximized effective cost per thousand (ECPM) from the same traffic.

2.

No resistance of end users caused by the appeared advertisements.

End users are concerned about being disturbed by unappealing advertisements. Since the viewing
of advertisements by end users will provide valuable data to the ecosystem, they will be incentivised
properly.

Advertising platforms then hope to connect with as many advertisers as possible to enrich their
inventory, and meanwhile, they can connect with more publishers and get high quality traffic. The
quality of traffic is determined by the features of an application, the user group, the location of an
advertisement; the display priority and rankings of the advertisement.
WHITEPAPER PG 23

The Foundation firmly believes that the efforts of DATx will build a better advertising ecosystem,
so that the effectiveness of advertising and user experience will be improved greatly. At the same
time, users tend to be active users of DATx because they can be incentivized in the ecosystem.

WHITEPAPER PG 24

5
DATx ECOSYSTEM

WHITEPAPER PG 25

5. DATx ECOSYSTEM
5.1 ECOSYSTEM DIAGRAM

The diagram is shown as the following:

The DATx ecosystem consists of Behaviour Information Storage System, Incentive Mechanism,
Token Exchange, Advertising Platform, AI Recommendation System and Anti-Fraud System etc.

Incentive System: According to interactions between users and advertisements/channels, the
system regularly settles token accounts of users and channels.

Behaviour Information Storage System: User Behaviour Profile Analysis data will be encrypted and
kept on blockchain.
Application Platform: Including Applications that are connected to the blockchain of DATx via SDK,
including Web/ APP.

Advertising Platform: On the Platform, Advertisers can provide advertisement serving suggestions
and check delivery performance, while Publishers can acquire advertising SDKs and IDs and check
the advertising performance. Advertisement delivery analysis is recorded in the blockchain: with a
decentralized mechanism ensuring fairness and transparency, both advertising resources and
WHITEPAPER PG 26

channel resources can be fully reflected to bring in higher value.

Big Data Feedback System: This system will conduct user behaviour information collection and big
data analysis.

AI Recommendation System: The system is empowered by an AI algorithm engine to provide its
users precise and personalized advertising recommendations.

Anti-Fraud System: As an open advertising system, criminals may have the motivation of making
profit on it via illegal ways. The Anti-Fraud system has to be involved to ensure that the entire
ecosystem develops in a correct direction.

5.2 PRODUCT FORM

Generally, advertisements do not appear in high frequency, while media usually integrate multiple
advertising channels to maximize their ROI. A user typically would not see advertisements from a
specific medium very frequently; even when he/ she sees them, he/ she mostly does not interact
with them (an advertisement placement with quite high average CTR is usually considered
cheating). It is nearly impossible to motivate the low behaviour of a specific user given its low
frequency.

To solve this dilemma, DATx introduces the following innovations:
5.2.1 CUSTOMIZED NATIVE ADS

The design of native advertisements may be customised so that users can better interact with DATx
advertisements and obtain DATx Token incentives.

Native advertisements are an advertisement type presented by specific media in a more relevant
way based on the material from advertisers. The goal is to include some elements in the form of
native advertisements based on DATx ecosystem and let users better understand that an
advertisement is from the DATx ecosystem, so that they can engage more proactively.

The following aspects should be considered:
a) It should be easy for users to identify the advertisements from DATx, so that they are more
willing to provide real data to get DATx Token incentives.
WHITEPAPER PG 27

b) The advertisements can be linked to users via device ID (users may see DATx advertisements
in a number of applications within a day, so there is the need to let these users "login" in a very
effortless way.)
c) Users can choose to link their device IDs to their own Unique Identifications (UID). If users have
more than one device or some users switch to new cell phones, they can better synchronize the
data.
d) Users can interact with the advertisements in the following scenarios (e.g. click a logo on native
advertisements):
(1) View user profiles, and make changes
(2) View user ratings
(3) Comment on the advertisement material they see
(4) Check advertisement engaging behaviours (e.g. clicks, downloads, likes and dislikes)
and make modifications, such as mark some as "false click", "not in person", "wish to hide" and so
on.
e) These data will be stored in a decentralized + centralized file system; analysis will be encrypted
on blockchain and applicable for other advertisers in the DATx ecosystem.
5.2.2 NATIVE ADVERTISEMENTS FEED

Advertising is content. Through combining advertisements with different types of content feed,
applications will keep users for longer. Information traffics native advertisements basically lead new
forms of advertising to switch from single advertising format to content feed. In this way, the
Foundation can set up advertisements feed when users immerse themselves longer on the
platform.

Many applications do not actually have the capabilities to run content and a new advertising style
that incorporates feed will help them better improve user loyalty. Users exploit more content if they
find the content interesting and contribute more behavioural data to gain better incentives. Of
course, not all applications fit in such forms of advertising.

Native advertisements feed provides personalized recommendations based on user feedback,
including both content and advertising. There are various navigation categories, such as news,
video, food ordering, clothing and cosmetics, etc. Users can switch on their individual content feeds
from the chosen categories of interest. In each of the chosen categories, users can browse news
or videos, order a takeout or purchase desired advertisements. The system will give personalized
recommendation based on user feedback, and users can also comment on given content and
WHITEPAPER PG 28

advertisements. The following diagram shows a sketch of the style, which can be just a feed without
subcategories.

5.3 DATx DECENTRALIZED USER BEHAVIOR ARCHIVE

A number of blockchain projects store user data in centralized data units and then analyse their
data with some other techniques. However, this method of data storage is still performed by a
centralized data centre. The ownership and usability of data are not completely attributed to the
users, which deviates from the decentralized idea of the blockchain.
5.3.1 DATx USER BEHAVIOR ARCHIVE SOLUTION

Based on blockchain technology, an account system (DATx user behaviour archive) will be
constructed and combined with cryptographic information encryption technology.

These accounts include personal data centres and data sets. A personal data centre includes user
data on their own dimension, such as the sequential behaviour data, preference data, virtual image
and so on of a user; under the premise that users would authorize the use of their own data, they
can aggregate the sequential data fragments scattered in each application of the blockchain. The
data sets formed by these data fragments makes a key data source for intelligent analysis.
Normally, when users, media or advertisers access DATx advertising ecosystem, the system
creates a user profile for each of them-- the DATx Account, the only and unique identity.
WHITEPAPER PG 29

The DATx Account contains the behaviour information of an account and the proprietorship of the
information is recorded in the blockchain; an exclusive archive is generated for the account, i.e.
behaviour archive for that DATx user.

After registration by advertisers and publishers on DATx advertising open platform, their DATx
Accounts are generated.

For users, firstly the system weakly links a user and its device ID if no intention is shown to register;
automatically generate a weak DATx Account for the user with the device ID. The unique ID is the
device ID. Then, the system needs a proper way to let the user consent to ideas from DATx and to
be able to quickly recognize DATx advertising. Subsequently, with a simple view on its own data
such as registration information, a strong DATx Account is generated. At this point, the information
of the device on which registration occurred on the weak DATx Account is migrated to its strong on
the weak DATx Account and the user is incentivised.

The system records all the behaviour information of the user in the DATx user behaviour archive
based on blockchain technology. And most importantly, these behavioural messages are organized
in an orderly way on the blockchain and are no longer a mess.

In the DATx blockchain, the block is a data structure that records transaction and user behaviour
information. Each block is composed of a block header and a block body -- the block body is only
responsible for recording all transaction information and the previous behaviour information of the
user, while most of the functions of the blockchain are realized by the block header.
WHITEPAPER PG 30

1) Version number: indicating the relevant version information of the software and protocol;
2) The parent block hash: referred to as the hash of the parent block in the blockchain. Through
this value, each block is connected to form the blockchain and it plays a crucial role securing the
blockchain;
3) Merkle root: every transaction has a hash associated with it. In a block, all the transaction hashes
in the block are themselves hashed (sometimes several times -- the exact process is complex) and
the result is the Merkle root;
4) Timestamp: records the time produced by the block, in second accuracy;
5) Difficulty value: the difficulty target of the block related math problems;
6) Nonce: records the value of the answers to the relevant math problems in the block.
When a user owns an archive, some of its publisher activities (such as “like”, “not interested in” and
“stay”, etc.) will be recorded on the blockchain. The timings of these actions are accurate to the
second.

The user has full ownership of the data and third-parties need to be authorized by the user to use
the data. Authorized data will also be placed under good privacy protection. Therefore, DATx
decentralized user behaviour archive, ensures complete data ownership for users, protects user
rights; it would also be able to establish a complete user archive for the business intelligence (BI)
analyses of advertisers and media.
WHITEPAPER PG 31

The user account displays the DATx Token balance and transaction details of the user; users can
browse their own behaviour information and have security permission settings to set their own
behaviour information usability.

With regards to these accounts, it needs to be emphasized that:
1. The data completely belongs to the user. Data is stored and encrypted on decentralized
resources, therefore, any organization or individual cannot access the raw data of the user.
2. The data with the consent of the user is open but with restrictions. After the user agrees to
authorize its usage, the partial data of the user can be researched on the big data under the
differential privacy encryption of the cryptography; the personal data cannot be analysed and the
data cannot be viewed, copied and tampered with.
3. Users will be incentivised with DATx Tokens when they agree to allow limited access to their
behaviour information. This incentivizes users to participate in the advertising ecosystem. If the
user agrees to share more personal information for customized delivery on the platform, more DATx
Token will be rewarded.

5.3.2 VALUE OF INFORMATION IN DATx BEHAVIOUR ARCHIVE

Information entropy is the measurement of the amount of information needed to eliminate
uncertainty, which is the amount of information that an unknown event may contain. However, too
much entropy of information is not a good thing and it represents the disorder of an entire system,
which is so disordered that one cannot get valuable information out of it.

For example, for an advertisement, one does not know what kind of behaviour the users will
generate and the behaviour of the users is very uncertain. With increased uncertainty, there is
greater information, hence greater entropy.

The value of information depends on the decrease of information uncertainty degree, according to
the basic point in information entropy theory.

User behaviour per se is chaotic but user information on the blockchain can help DATx to reduce
the uncertainty and so the information entropy; also enables the algorithm to estimate the personal
preference of users after DATx records the feedback of users onto the blockchain. The degree of
uncertainty reduction (information gain) of each feedback behaviour of the users represents the
value of each feedback behaviour of the users.

WHITEPAPER PG 32

After entering the user information onto the blockchain, the value of user information is expressed
as follows:
Gain(S,BC)=Entropy(S)-Entropy(S/BC)
Of course, according to the user information gained from the users, DATx should endow users
corresponding incentives.

After the smart account of a user is built based on blockchain technology, under the premise that
the user agrees to authorize usage, data fragments scattered in each application of the blockchain
are aggregated, including the dimensions of the personal data of the user, such as advertising
behaviour data, other APP application data, relational data, preferences and virtual image, etc.
Data set is a collection of the amount of certain sort of data, which is the most critical data source
of personalized analysis.

In BI analysis, a complete persona profile of the user is built by aggregating the data fragments
scattered in each application of a blockchain to achieve the real personalized advertising
recommendation.

The user information on the blockchain can be very valuable; it is expected that such an incentive
mechanism to generate a positive cycle of traffic. As more and more users, publishers and
developers join, the traffic increase will attract more advertisers to do their advertisement delivery
and it will also benefit the platform to achieve a more accurate recommendation algorithm. The
more participants in the network, the greater the value of the platform will be, which will directly
reflect the long-term appreciation of DATx Token on the platform.

The user account system based on the blockchain (DATx account system) corresponds to the
WHITEPAPER PG 33

behaviour of the users in the real world, which is the key to the application of the blockchain to the
real application. By verifying the assets of the account owner's digital world to be real individuals’,
DATx connects them to the real social services website to create a richer ecosystem.
Our block chain's account system (the DATx account system) records users’ behaviour information.
And most importantly, these behavioural messages are organized in an orderly way in the
blockchain, and are no longer disorganized. Many blockchain projects use completely centralized
data structures to perform user data storage, and then analyse the data with other techniques. But
this kind of information storage is still carried out by centralized data centre, which runs counter to
the decentralized idea of blockchain.

5.3.3 IMPORTANCE OF DATx USER BEHAVIOR ARCHIVE
1) The importance to advertisers and the publisher

Usually, publishers and advertisers access user data from different sources through their own
technology, then set up a data centre to store and analyse user data, then implement marketing
activities. For example, the publisher capitalize on user data in its own data centre to provide
advertisers with a "crowd-targeted" service, and advertisers use their user data to "redirect" their
ads. In this case, the data collected by each advertiser and the publisher is stored on the respective
servers, forming a data isolation, thus unable to form a comprehensive and accurate user portrait,
and the personalized advertisement delivery efficiency is relatively low.

When DATx records the user behavioural data in the blockchain, it will be a different story. In the
WHITEPAPER PG 34

blockchain, every step of the user behaviour is ordered and visible.

Any ad platform that joins DATx will have access to these data to better target users and provide
a better advertisement experience; similarly, any advertiser who advertises via DATx will also have
a better chance of knowing their real ads performance, and reach to more accurate users.

When the user looked at which ads on what platform, what was the advertisement content, how
long did the user view the ad, when did the user click on the ad, did she download, subscribe, or
purchase the product. All the user's actions constitute a complete chain of events, and this is the
user's behaviour chain. With thousands of such event chains on different websites or in different
APPs, DATx can learn more accurate user interests. With this chain of events, you can continuously
observe user behaviour.

The complete chain of user behaviour records in the blockchain allows us to simulate complete
user personas in order to know the business truth behind the various user views, clicks and
purchases of the publisher.

For example, advertisers whose objective being conversion will try not to lose users, and retain
them once they come online.

DATx decentralized user behaviour files can help analyse how users are lost, why they left, and
where they are switching.
WHITEPAPER PG 35

DATx Decentralized User Profile records complete user behaviour data. If the advertiser demands,
user data can be specified on sheets by hour, by day, by user level, or by event level.

Through this sheet you can know the basic user events, such as login or purchase, you can know
users quality, which users are about to leave. And such data can be updated daily or hourly.

Advertisers or publisher would integrate and analyse relevant data, from which they can reveal
patterns of online visits and advertising. Then combine with digital marketing strategies to identify
problems with current online campaigns, and provide a basis for optimizing or re-planning their
online marketing strategy.

2) The importance to the user
In users’ perspective and in the era of centralization, all user generated data on is centrally stored
in each application and platform, and the ownership and use rights of the data are not completely
attributable to the user.

Whatever campaigns the advertisers and the publisher carry out, the users are completely unaware
that their own data is used for benefit exchanges. As a rule of thumb, ownership of user data should
belong to users, and users can choose to provide their own preferences for personalized
advertising services, or hide their own data or choose to provide only partial data.

Blockchain-based user account system (DATx account system), will correspond the user's
behaviour in the digital world and physical behaviour, this is the key blockchain can land in the real
application. Through behaviour profiles of the account owners in the digital world, the users' real
personas are portrayed, then linked to the physical social services site, to achieve more precisely
customized advertisement services, so as to create a richer advertising ecosystem.
5.4 AI CUSTOMIZED ADS RECOMMENDATION

The core data needed by the AI recommendation system is user feedback. The recommendation
system without user feedback is a disabled recommendation system. If there is no feedback:
1) There is no continuous optimization of the annotation data;
2) There is no real data to evaluate the effect;
In a word, if there is no feedback data, no data loop, and the product metabolism will be a big
WHITEPAPER PG 36

problem.

The user behaviour information recorded on the blockchain makes the DATx feedback mechanism
more complete. Feedback mechanism incentivises users to generate feedback, click on ‘likes or
dislikes’ to show feedback, because users know they are expressing their attitudes and give a
clear-cut attitude in a more quantitative way. The other feedback is the natural behaviour left by the
user when using the product. The user leaves behind the data, not to tell his preferences, but DATx
can "try to figure it out" to the user's preferences. Because these are all users of natural behaviour,
usually more truly and fully reflect its attitude, but also closer to product targets.

Our advertisement algorithm engine involves responding to massive amounts of ads and users in
real time. The number of users is huge, their behavioural characteristics, and their preference for
advertising content are also rich and diverse. Therefore, it is necessary for the algorithm engine to
sort out the users with different characteristics in a targeted manner, and in this way, the order-led
transaction can be promoted. Among the company's proven technologies, Deep Neural Network
(DNN) and Logistic Regression (LR) have been used to make offline sorting models, while online
sorting models are updated online based on Reinforcement Learning (RL) intelligence so that DATx
may obtain returns which tend towards maximum values.

If in the blockchain, the user's behaviour is recorded as follows:

WHITEPAPER PG 37

This is very similar to the Markov chain. Take the ranking engine as an Agent, the user as the
Environment, then the advertising ranking problem can be considered as a sequential decision
problem. Agent's selection of each ranking strategy can be regarded as a trial-and-error, which can
be user feedback, click transaction, etc. as a reward from the Environment. In this repeated trial
and error process, Agent will gradually learn the optimal ranking strategy to maximize the
cumulative reward.

It is natural to understand the recommendation of a full-link multi-scenario as a continuous decision
problem: as an Agent, the recommendation system needs to continually decide what to recommend
to the user. Reinforcement Learning is one of the best ways to model the agent: by recursively
modelling changes in the short-term state of Agent, they ultimately lead them to progressively
optimize their long-term goals.
Let Vπ(s) denote the value function of the states (the state in the ring above) in the advertisement
ranking strategy π. ri is the instant reward in ith step, then the value function is:
Vπ(s)=Eπ[i=0∞γiri|s0=s]
Where γ∈[0,1] is called the fold factor, indicating the importance of future rewards relative to the
current rewards. In particular, when γ=0, it is equivalent to considering only long-term returns
without considering impublishertely. When γ=0, long-term rewards and instant rewards are seen
as equally important.

Finally, the optimal strategy for an advertising ranking system can be expressed as:
π*=argπ Vπ(s) ,(∀s)
WHITEPAPER PG 38

That is, one is looking for strategy π* that maximizes the value function under any initial conditions.

5.5 INTEGRATED APPROACH
SDK：For App developers.
JS：For Websites.

WHITEPAPER PG 39

6
TOKEN AND ECOSYSTEM INCENTIVE
MECHANISM

WHITEPAPER PG 40

6. TOKEN AND ECOSYSTEM INCENTIVE MECHANISM
6.1 TOKEN (DATx Token)

The native digital cryptographically-secured token of DATx (DATx Token) is a major
component of the ecosystem on DATx, and is designed to be used solely on the platform.
As the digital assets in the system, DATx Token is a non-refundable functional utility token
which will be used as the unit of exchange between participants on DATx. The goal of
introducing DATx Token is to provide a convenient and secure mode of payment and
settlement between participants who interact within the ecosystem on DATx (e.g. end
users, advertisers and publishers). DATx Token does not in any way represent any
shareholding, participation, right, title, or interest in the Foundation, its affiliates, or any
other company, enterprise or undertaking, nor will DATx Token entitle token holders to any
promise of fees, revenue, profits or investment returns, and are not intended to constitute
securities in Singapore or any relevant jurisdiction. DATx Token may only be utilised on
DATx, and ownership of DATx Token carries no rights, express or implied, other than the
right to use DATx Token as a means to enable usage of and interaction with DATx.
In particular, you understand and accept that DATx Token:
(a)

is non-refundable and cannot be exchanged for cash (or its equivalent value in any
other virtual currency) or any payment obligation by the Foundation or any affiliate;

(b)

does not represent or confer on the token holder any right of any form with respect
to the Foundation (or any of its affiliates) or its revenues or assets, including without
limitation any right to receive future revenue, shares, ownership right or stake, share
or security, any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, proprietary (including all
forms of intellectual property), or other financial or legal rights or equivalent rights,
or intellectual property rights or any other form of participation in or relating to DATx,
the Foundation, the Distributor and/or their service providers;

(c)

is not intended to be a representation of money (including electronic money),
security, commodity, bond, debt instrument or any other kind of financial instrument
or investment;

(d)

is not a loan to the Foundation or any of its affiliates, is not intended to represent a
debt owed by the Foundation or any of its affiliates, and there is no expectation of
profit; and
WHITEPAPER PG 41

(e)

does not provide the token holder with any ownership or other interest in the
Foundation or any of its affiliates.

6.2 SMART CONTRACT SYSTEM SCENARIOS
1) Send the DATx Token Incentives according to the contribution of publisher.
2) Distribution of incentives based on user behaviour (since incentives for an advertisement
interaction are limited, it is too expensive to implement smart contracts for each user
behaviour).
3) Use the smart contract do lucky draw base on the contribution of active users.

Platform rewards will be distributed to maintain and develop the ecosystem. Each participant in the
ecosystem will be rewarded with DATx Tokens based on their activity and contribution to the
system. To attract new publishers and users, the token distribution will be higher in the early stage.
As the number of participants increases and the amount of available tokens becomes less and less
(for example : halving per year), the token distribution decreases in the later stage.

The rules for users to obtain tokens are: in the early stage of token issuance, the user clearly gives
feedback and obtain DATx Tokens according to the conversion formula, with an upper limit on daily
token income. Token rewards are halved over time to encourage early adopters.

6.2.1 USER INCENTIVE MECHANISM

User feedback can help us reduce entropy and let us know what users like. Therefore, the degree
of uncertainty reduction (information gain) of each user feedback represents the value of this
feedback. Therefore, according to the user's information gain, DATx should give users
corresponding incentives in DATx Tokens.
Given that Scoreuserk represents the final score of user k, the Scoremin is 0, and the Scoremax is
100 points, i.e., Scoreuserk∈[0,100]. This score is equivalent to the substitution of tokens. The
calculation of fractions is as follows:

Scoreuserk=i=1nj=1mwiwijScoremax

Assuming that the user has n feedbacks to the advertisement, wi represents the weight coefficient
of the i-th feedback, i=1, 2, 3, 4…., n. The weight coefficient is calculated by information gain or
GBDT algorithm, however, in order to make the calculation simple; the coefficient can be
WHITEPAPER PG 42

determined by experts.
The user k will generate n behaviours for the advertisement because of his special preference in
the i-th feedback of the advertisement, which indicates the user's participation in the advertisement.
Using wij to indicate the weight of this engagement，j=1,2,3,4….,m.

The pseudo-code of the calculation method is as follows:

It is very important to motivate users to generate feedback behaviour, but the importance of user
feedback behaviours varies. As shown below, the classification and weight coefficient of feedback
behaviours are listed in the following table.

User

Weight

feedback

coefficient

Component
Content

behaviour
User

weight
coefficient

w1

Like

w11

Not interested

w12

User evaluation of effective label

w2j

advertising
interaction

User

w2

interaction

extraction (natural language

evaluation

processing)

User

w3

Time

w3j

residence time

WHITEPAPER PG 43

User

w4

Advertising clicks

w4j

w5

Download

w5j

w6

Purchase

w6j

w7

Subscription

w7j

…

…

…

wn

…

wnj

conversion
behaviour

…
Others

1) User advertising interaction

Users engage with content and ads, express their preferences through "likes" or "not interested",
and help the system to achieve personalization. Here, whether users click "like" or "not interested"
can help us locate users' interests, so "like" or "not interested" have the same weight.

2) User interaction evaluation

Users' engagements with content and ads further express their interest in this kind of native ads.

If the user did not comment on the native advertisement content, the score is 0. If the user
evaluates the ad, then the word label of the rating content is extracted with the natural language
processing algorithm, and the user is graded according to the quantity of valid words. The
calculation formula is shown below.

w2j=min⁡(w2,w2×lg⁡(n+1))

w2 is the weight of user interaction evaluation on the total score of users, and n is the effective
label number for users.

3) User residence time

The length of time the user stays in the content provided by us indicates the quality of the content
and whether it can meet their needs well.

WHITEPAPER PG 44

Generally speaking, when a user stays on a page for a long time, it indicates that the content of
the page is of high quality and able to satiate the user. DATx is able to get the user's preference
information since the user is interested in this content. In this case, DATx should give the user
appropriate incentives.

When the user has a short stay on the page, it indicates that the content of this page has low
quality, and has no features, which can't satisfy and attract users. In this case, DATx can also give
users appropriate incentives to extend the user's reading time.

4) User conversion behaviour

When users click, download, buy and subscribe to ads, they can more accurately indicate that
users are interested in such advertisements. Therefore, the corresponding reward should be given
to the user, and the specific reward method should be changed according to the charging methods
of CPM, CPC and CPA.

5) Other behaviours
6.2.2 PUBLISHER INCENTIVE MECHANISM

a) The publisher can get rewards from DATx after accessing to the AD SDK supported by
DATx Protocol. Traffic needs to be rated with specific quality. Similarly, if the publisher helps the
DATx ecosystem get high quality active users (active users refer to the users who have completed
the registration), the corresponding DATx Token incentive will also be obtained.

b) The specific traffic quality can be considered according to the following dimensions: user
residence time, user interaction with advertisement, etc.

For example, for a certain channel p, there are lots of ads slots in channel p. Assuming that the
advertising platform puts advertisers on some of the ads slots in channel p.

Rewarding of the channel is closely related to the user quality.
1) DATx may make statistics on the advertising space advertised on the channel p；
2) For each Ad
2.1) Based on each user's session duration, the user’s engagement with the ad, the quality
of advertisement placement is calculated；
WHITEPAPER PG 45

2.2) Summarize the quality of each advertisement placement and calculate the total score
of the ad.
3) Count all ad placements scores on channel p；
4) Reward channel p according to its total ad scores.
The pseudocode is as follows:

6.3 TOKEN CONSUMPTION
1) The advertiser can purchase the traffic by holding the DATx Token and meanwhile refer to
POS. Advertisers may obtain discounts on their advertising requirements, by holding enough DATx
Token for a long enough time. The previous Publisher could use the DATx Token that was
previously incentivized by the platform to continue to buy and sell Ads in the DATx advertising
system (the Publisher becomes the advertiser's role at this time) to gain more users.

2) The system will distribute small amount incentives to individual users fairly and periodically,
similar to lottery draws. The distribution journey is as follows:

WHITEPAPER PG 46

To summarize the flowchart:
1) Read the user's wallet data on the blockchain weekly;
2) Summarize the scores of all active users in the week (those who have viewed the ads and
generated feedbacks during the week), and convert them into DATx Tokens and generate the prize
pool. For the avoidance of doubt, DATx Token users which did not participate in DATx will not be
entitled to participate;
3) The score of each user is calculated separately, and the probability of winning is generated
correspondingly based on the total score of the prize pool; users with high scores are more likely
to win, but users with lower scores still have a chance, to motivate these users to become an active
part of the ecosystem.

The winning algorithm is conceived as follows:
Premise: this winning algorithm is not a completely random algorithm, and the probability of
winning is tied to the user's score.
Model: probability model.
Specific ideas:
1) Initialize the probability of winning, assuming the total score of this week's pool is 100 DATx
Token, and the probability of initializing each user is 30%.
2) Adjust probability according to user score:
3) During the lottery, scoremax and scoremin are available to active users this week. Then the
probability PI of each user is adjusted to:
pi=scoreiscoremax-scoremin30%
In this way, users who are more active have a greater chance to win, and also ensure that users
who are less active still have a chance to win, thus encouraging them to become more active.

To be clear, assume that the user scored 10 points, with a total score of 100, then his winning rate
is 10%. It's not the same as taking 10 times to win once. This is obviously wrong, the winning lottery
number of probability model is based on the normal distribution, and each draw is independent,
you won't win the tenth time because you didn't win the prize nine times before.

According to the simulation statistics, the standard deviation of 10% of the winning rate is 9.62 most of people will win the lottery by 10 ± 9.62 times, and should be rewarded after 20 times lucky
draw.
4) Assign DATx Tokens to the winners and record them in the blockchain.

6.4 ANTI-FRAUD MONITORING
WHITEPAPER PG 47

It is undeniable that some fraud actions might be done which harms the positive development of
the whole ecosystem.

Traffic fraud is driven by market interest, the main problem is that the previous monitoring was all
collected by http services in large scale advertising (especially RTB). Information collected
includes: IP, browser information, device information, time, website information, etc. The industry
conducts fraud monitoring, which is basically the post facto log analysis to find out abnormal data
and blacklist overheated websites.
6.4.1 LOGIC OF FRAUD

1) Fraud session

In terms of the whole advertising process, frauds exist in three stages: impression, click and
conversion (including but not limited to registration, activation, interaction, purchase, etc.)
The session of Impression: Fraud behaviours specialized for Impression session is the mostly
simple and crude way, and it is also a most efficient fraud behaviours, which is usually happened
in the publisher of CPM settlement.
●

The session of Click: it is commonly happened in the publisher with CPC settlement. As
advertisers increasingly value CTR, some non-CPC settlement publisher will also fraud on
clicks to improve CTR.

●

The session of conversion: In order to reduce risks, advertisers directly negotiate with the
publisher about CPA and even CPS settlement. But the rate of evolution of fraud has
exceeded the speed of the advertiser's response.

2)
Approaches to fraud

In most cases, the demand side focuses on non-human traffic, but fraud is much more than that.
Here are a few common ways to fraud:
●

Fake users: typically, robots are used to transform IP, cookie, and even device ID to
disguise different "users" to swipe ads or click ads.

●

False traffic of real users: this kind of fraud is the advanced version of robot fraud. It takes
advantage of the real user device, which makes the user attribute characteristics of the
fraud traffic closer to the real traffic.

●

True user traffic: this kind of fraud is more advanced than the former two. In some cases, it
WHITEPAPER PG 48

is typically sailing under false colours. In other cases, the traffic gets hijacked via HTTP or
DNS which is not exactly traffic, and may be more accurate to be named "illegal traffic".

6.4.2 ANTI-FRAUD BASED ON DATx USER BEHAVIOR ARCHIVE

The DATx user behaviour archive builds the user's exclusive, secure information security account.
These accounts include personal data centre and data set. The personal data centre includes
user's own dimension data, such as the user's ordered behaviour data, preference data, virtual
image and so on.

In order to prevent the phenomenon of malicious fraud, the DATx user behaviour file provides a
good solution. In the anti-fraud system with various anti-fraud policies, such as abnormal based on
time difference protection, additional equipment validation information and IP calibration strategies
and other strategies are based on discrete degree DATx user behaviour records to prevent fraud.
1) Abnormal time difference protection strategy

According to the checking analysis, click and activate the time difference set range to exclude
abnormal data. By updating the version of the SDK integration fraud protection module, add more
equipment validation information, the SDK will launch a data channel encryption during data
transmission, increase the cost of fraud, ensure the security of the data transmission.

For example, in the user behaviour chain, a real user, there is a certain time difference from the
click to the convert. If the time of user's behaviour 1 (click on the ad), and the time of transferring
to next move (click like or subscribe or download) is too short (within a few seconds), then you can
preliminarily judge that the user may not be true, but a dubious machine click.
WHITEPAPER PG 49

2) Device authentication information policy

After the user authorizes, the DATx user behaviour archive will record the user's device ID, cookie,
and IP information. The user ID is generally based on IP, cookie (or device ID) for resolving users.

For Users with a DATx user behaviour profile, DATx can easily know if certain users have frequent
exposure or clicks. Some publisher will use robots to change the IP to disguise. In this case, the
information in the DATx user behaviour archive can be taken into account to identify the traffic.

The user's IP or cookie in the DATx user behaviour file is different, but when this group of IP or
cookie browser type, resolution, user window size, the operating system version number and
equipment brands are the same, it will cause the attention of the anti-fraud system to take the
necessary measures.
3) IP dispersion calibration strategy

According to the DATx user behaviour archive, each records the IP that the user has requested.
Suppose that the IP access information recorded in a user's DATx user behaviour file exceeds the
peak range of the set IP number within a short time, it will be recorded by anti-fraud function
automatically. By using a large number of fraud logs, if the IP that is clicked or activated during a
certain period is too centralized, that is the performance of the data exception.

WHITEPAPER PG 50

7
DATx BLOCKCHAIN EXPLORATION

WHITEPAPER PG 51

7. DATx BLOCKCHAIN EXPLORATION
Advertising Platform involves massive user scale, thus requires fast response time, which poses a
great challenge for blockchain to cope with user behaviour data in real time. Meanwhile, it does not
make sense technically and economically if all user behaviour data are processed via Ethereum
smart contracts, considering its limitation on response time, throughput and expensive Gas fee for
every single transaction.

Different from existing mainstream blockchains’ generic one-for-all approach, the Foundation is
proactively developing the native DATx blockchain to resolve above mentioned industry specific
challenges to achieve DATx mission as the next generation revolutionary blockchain for
programmatic advertising industry. The Board of Directors of the Foundation is tasked with
managing the use of resources for the development of DATx for the best benefit of all users,
participants and stakeholders, including operation management, market promotion, development
of underlying technology and construction of service system, planning and technology
development.

DATx blockchain will bring in innovations in blockchain technology from below perspectives:
1)

Better compatibility with major existing blockchain ecosystems (such as Bitcoin UTXO Core
infrastructure, Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) );

2)

More flexibility in smart contract trigger mechanism and consensus protocol;

3)

User-friendly development system;

4)

Lower transaction costs;

5)

Lower latency;

6)

Better TPS performance;

7)

Hybrid Model of centralized and decentralized data architecture;

8)

“POI” - Power of Identification to balance data commercialization and user privacy.

DATx will build an open source platform, provide blockchain infrastructure for programmatic ad
ecosystem participants, and increase their advertising effectiveness and ROI. DATx will rate
commercial scalability highly and make DATx blockchain a easy-to-implement, tailor fitted
infrastructure for all relevant ecosystem participants.
7.1 DATx USER BEHAVIOR ARCHIVAL STORAGE DESIGN REQUIREMENTS
DATx needs to support distant storage of user behaviour archives. The core function is that users
store their behaviour data in network nodes, and later the users could acquire and access above
WHITEPAPER PG 52

data anywhere.

Storing user behaviour data in one network, means that other network nodes (i.e. storage nodes)
will have the data archived, and these nodes will be responsible for returning the data for users’
access requests and ad platforms’ big data analyses.

Due to the importance of the network nodes, DATx forms the following hypotheses:

1) Storage nodes are untrustworthy: in worst scenario, the storage nodes could steal, modify
the archived data. Therefore, forceful mechanism should be applied to prevent and
terminate this kind of malicious behaviours.
2) Storage nodes are profitable: economic income is required to maintain the storage nodes,
especially, when data requires high privacy and security, higher fees should be charged for
the storage nodes. And it should be guaranteed that storage network nodes are fairly paid
for.
3) Storage nodes are unstable: when data access is requested, the storage nodes cannot be
online simultaneously, and could go offline anytime.
4) Network might not be of goodwill: if a network flaw exists, someone possibly will take
advantage of the flaw and attack the nodes for personal profit.

DATx is mandatorily designed to securely store the data of above features.

WHITEPAPER PG 53

7.2 PRINCIPLE OF STORAGE NODE SELECTION
The selection of storage nodes is essential in DATx user behaviour archive system.
In DATx system, any user or participant (including advertisers, publishers, ad audiences) of DATx
ecosystem could become a storage node. The users are entitled to choose their own storage
nodes, or to become the storage nodes.

In DATx system, any user or participant (including advertisers, publishers, ad audiences) of DATx
ecosystem could become a storage node. The users are entitled to choose their own storage
nodes, or to become the storage nodes.

DATx Token is required as virtual crypto “fuel” for the usage of storage resources on DATx,
providing the economic incentives which will be consumed to encourage participants to contribute
and maintain the ecosystem on DATx. Computational resources are required for storage of
information on DATx, thus providers of these resources would require payment for the consumption
of these resources (i.e. "mining") to maintain network integrity, and DATx Token will be used as the
unit of exchange to quantify and pay the costs of the consumed storage resources. DATx Token is
an integral and indispensable part of DATx, because in the absence of DATx Token, there would
be no common unit of exchange to pay for these costs, thus rendering the ecosystem on DATx
unsustainable. When a user becomes a storage node, he will be rewarded with DATx Token.
Moreover, if a user stores data in the node, this node will be rewarded extra DATx Token.
To be noticed, attackers could try to lower the price and disguise themselves to manipulate users’
choices.

WHITEPAPER PG 54

An archive contract is the contract between the storage demand side and a storage node. The
demand side agrees to pay for a storage node, so the node stores the data for the demand side in
a given term of time. Having storage nodes to archive requires an incentive mechanism. The
archive contracts provide forceful incentive mechanism and motivation for nodes to securely store
data.

Having properly stored user behaviour archive, the storage nodes will be rewarded, otherwise, they
will be punished.

When an archive contract is enforced, both the storage demand side and the storage node put a
certain amount of DATx Token as deposit under the contract.

Once the storage node completes the contract, the contract deposit is paid to the node, with its
own deposit returned along. If the node defaults, its contract deposit will be deducted.

Archive contracts are recorded in a blockchain, it turns to be a third-party regulator for these
contracts. When archive contracts are completed, the storage node must provide proof and certifies
that is still has the data archived. Not until the storage node provides the proof, can it retrieve its
deposit and payment from demand side. And if the node is unable to provide the storage proof in
time, is cannot be rewarded.
WHITEPAPER PG 55

7.3 ARCHIVE CONTRACTS

An archive contract is the contract between the storage demand side and a storage node. The
demand side agrees to pay for a storage node, so the node stores the data for the demand side in
a given term of time.

Having storage nodes to archive requires an incentive mechanism. The archive contracts provide
forceful incentive mechanism and motivation for nodes to securely store data.

Having properly stored user behaviour archive, the storage nodes will be rewarded, otherwise, they
will be punished.

When an archive contract is enforced, both the storage demand side and the storage node put a
certain amount of DATx Token as deposit under the contract.
Once the storage node completes the contract, the contract deposit is paid to the node, with its
own deposit returned along. If the node defaults, its contract deposit will be deducted.

Archive contracts are recorded in a blockchain, it turns to be a third party regulator for these
contracts. When archive contracts are completed, the storage node must provide proof and certifies
that is still has the data archived. Not until the storage node provides the proof, can it retrieve its
deposit and payment from demand side. And if the node is unable to provide the storage proof in
time, is cannot be rewarded.
7.4 ARCHIVE REDUNDANCY

It makes no sense that the storage demand side would store the data only on a single node,
because as DATx hypothesized the storage nodes are inevitably unstable, meaning they cannot
be all-and-real-time online or they just go down.

Under this circumstance, simultaneously store data on multi nodes can spread the risks. If a user
profile is archived on five different hosts, only when all five hosts go wrong, the data loss could
occur. This, is a technology of storage replications. The storage replication replicates n copies of
the original data, and distribute to various nodes; once a node fails it could resume lost data from
other nodes. However, this storage replication technology largely increases storage costs, thus
unable to support rapid development of blockchain technology.
WHITEPAPER PG 56

There is an alternative, called Reed-Solomon Codes. If original data goes invalid when a user
accesses the data, k redundant data blocks have to be downloaded prior of remusing all original
data blocks. In this way, random access to a single original data block would be a loading mess,
due to the incredible downloading volume.

Based on the probability distribution of random access and sequential access, DATx realizes data
storage with Regenerating Codes, which take s smaller bandwidth to resume compared with ReedSolomon Codes.

First, partition a user behaviour file of M bytes into n parts according to MDS, and store in n nodes
respectively, each partition of M/n bytes, and any k partitions can be used for the original data
reformation.

Once a node fails, redundancy must be constantly refreshed, and this leads to transfer of enormous
data in the network.

At this time, DATx should effectively reconstruct new partitions to cope with such failure. A new
partition copy should be replicated directly from another node storing this partition, but traditional
error-correcting codes need original data to generate a new coding partition. While DATx consider
generating an error-correcting coding partition with accessing only error-correcting coding
partitions.

In the initial strategy, the node storing new partition (so-called Newbie) downloads k partitions and
reconstruct the file, then it generates new coding partition from original file. Consequently, the data
transferring M bytes only generates M/k bytes partition.

Given that a minimum data volume requires that a Newbie generates a MDS or semi-MDS partition,
this is called optimal maintaining MDS (OMMDS). It can be particularly proven that M-byte
download volume is the minimum in information theory, if the Newbie can only connect to k nodes,
download data and generate partitions. If the Newbie is allowed to connect over k nodes, then the
data volume required for download would significantly reduce. For example, k=7, n=14, the Newbie
can connect to n-1 nodes, then only 0.27 MB data is required to generate new partitions, 73% less
than with the initial strategy.

Nevertheless, relevant extra expenses would be also required, and consequently the hybrid
WHITEPAPER PG 57

solution provides better secure bandwidth than OMMDS. In order to improve the hybrid solution,
DATx must have foresight over MDS.

Here DATx introduces a new solution, Regenerating Codes, which minimize the data download
volume required by a Newbie under the symmetry of MDS that DATx requires. On a higher level,
RC improves OMMDS through the data downloaded by the Newbie, instead of discarding the data.
As a consequence, RC has larger partitions than MDS, while costs only minor bandwidth
maintaining expenses, even though the Newbie interacts with k nodes. For instance, k=7, a Newbie
needs to download only 0.16 MB data, 39% less than OMMDS, and 84% less than the initial
strategy. Furthermore, DATx conducted simulation experiment of nodes stability measured in real
distributed storage system, the results state that when k=7, RC reduces bandwidth by 25% than
the hybrid solution. The larger k is, the better RC performs.

7.5 DATA ENCRYPTION

Data ENCRYPTION is to protect data privacy and security in case that storage nodes try to spy,
steal or damage the data. Before users behaviour data is uploaded to the network, all DATx users
behaviour archives have been through advanced cipher, and a decipher cannot occur on storage
nodes, but only after download. In no circumstances can storage nodes decipher its stored data.

We utilize a cryptography mechanism to guarantee the information security. It is a mathematical
algorithm that maps data of arbitrary size to a bit string of a fixed size (a hash) and is designed to
be a one-way function, that is, a function which is infeasible to invert. The only way to recreate
the input data from an ideal cryptographic hash function output is to attempt a brute-force search
of possible inputs to see if they produce a match, or use a rainbow table of matched hashes.
Hash function is given as:
Hash(original information)=Message Digest

Ideal hash function generates output varies with input.
A cryptographic hash function allows one to easily verify that some input data maps to a given
hash value, but if the input data is unknown, it is deliberately difficult to reconstruct it (or
equivalent alternatives) by knowing the stored hash value.

For example, a user interact with an ad at a certain moment, and this is recorded in blockchain,
then following is executed:
Hash(a user is doing something with an ad at this time)
WHITEPAPER PG 58

= GAHGAH787DAFAFt

The ledger then would record an item as GAHGAH787DAFAF, which stands for the action the user
takes with the ad at the moment, the original information is hidden, and user privacy is ensured.

The linked blocks form a chain. This iterative process confirms the integrity of the previous block
(any change of the information changes hash value, failing to be verified), all the way back to the
original genesis block (once verifying the hash value of the last block, the whole ledger is verified).

We also apply a cryptosystem, known as asymmetric public-private key cryptosystem. In such a
cryptosystem, the encryption key is public and it is different from the decryption key which is kept
secret (private). To clarify it briefly, let us have a look at a classic asymmetric public-private key
cryptosystem - RSA (Rivest–Shamir–Adleman) algorithm.

The keys for the RSA algorithm are generated the following way:
1) Choose two distinct prime numbers p and q. Prime integers can be efficiently found using a
primality test, so that n = pq.
For security purposes, the integers p and q should be chosen at random, and should be
similar in magnitude but differ in length by a few digits to make factoring harder.
n is used as the modulus for both the public and private keys. Its length, usually expressed in bits,
is the key length.
Compute λ(n) = lcm(λ(p), λ(q)) = lcm(p − 1, q − 1), where λ is Carmichael's totient function. This
value is kept private.
Choose an integer e such that 1 < e < λ(n) and gcd(e, λ(n)) = 1; i.e., e and λ(n) are coprime.
Determine d as d ≡ e−1 (mod λ(n)); i.e., d is the modular multiplicative inverse of e (modulo λ(n)).
This is more clearly stated as: solve for d given d⋅e ≡ 1 (mod λ(n)).
e is released as the public key exponent.
d is kept as the private key exponent.
More generally, for any e and d satisfying ed ≡ 1 (mod λ(n)), the same conclusion follows from
Carmichael's generalization of Euler's theorem, which states that mλ(n) ≡ 1 (mod n) for all m
relatively prime to n.
Cited from: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSA_(cryptosystem)
(N,e) is encapsulated as public key, (N,d) is encapsulated as private key.
Suppose m is plain text, then encryption is to calculate ciphertext c:

WHITEPAPER PG 59

The public key consists of the modulus n and the public (or encryption) exponent e. The private
key consists of the modulus n and the private (or decryption) exponent d, which must be kept
secret. p, q, and λ(n) must also be kept secret because they can be used to calculate d.

When the key is long enough, RSA encrypted information would be never be deciphered.
7.6 SUMMARY

The Foundation proposes its own technology to realise its objectives of building an ecosystem for
the advertising industry. The DATx public blockchain would not only be able to meet advertising
needs, but also potentially support other businesses with similar demands. During the exploration
process, real user behaviour is better integrated in the public blockchain design, with this process
called Power of Identification (POI).

WHITEPAPER PG 60

8
DATx PRODUCT ROADMAP

8. PRODUCT ROADMAP
STAGE I (2018 Q2 - 2018 Q4)
Ad Platform Integration + POI User-oriented Behaviour Data Implementation
WHITEPAPER PG 61

1) Avazu as the first advertising platform to be compatible with DATx. Achieve customized native
ads and acquisition of active users;
2) Implement incentive mechanism for users, publishers and advertising platforms;
3) Establish user-oriented decentralized behaviour archive, set as a data foundation for advertising
eco-DMP;
4) Develop anti-fraud system based on user behavioural data, better cleanse the ecosystem.
STAGE II (2019Q1 - 2019Q4)
Ad Content Upgrade + AI Customized Content Recommendation

1) Establish the form of native ads feed;
2) Attract additional advertisers to deliver on DATx ad platform based on new ad form of content
feed;
3) Implement personalized recommendation system based on AI and user-oriented decentralized
behaviour archive, and continuously optimize the ad performance.
STAGE III (2020Q1 - 2022Q4)
Ecosystem Booming + Enhanced Value Creation + DATx Blockchain Implementation
1) Integrate subsequent advertising platforms to DATx and become part of the ecosystem;
2) Attract more advertisers to join DATx Ad platform based on native ads;
3) Integrate more D-app into DATx ecosystem;
4) Implement DATx blockchain, the No. 1 blockchain for programmatic advertising.

WHITEPAPER PG 62

9
DATx CORE TEAM

WHITEPAPER PG 63

9．DATx CORE TEAM
The Foundation comprises members of the core DATx team, and oversees the development of
DATx in cooperation with QTUM Foundation and Avazu. The core DATx team includes a
development team of over 80 engineers, product managers, architects and UEX experts.

Other Team Members include:

Ralph Sas
Ralph graduated from the University of Avans Hogeschool Den Bosch in Germany. Currently, he
is the acting CEO of DotC United Group and the CEO of Avazu Europe Europe/NA/Latam, a
subsidiary of the mobile advertising platform. He is the Member of the Board of Directors of Avazu
Holding.

In addition, Ralph ever worked for ZinQ Media and R&D Media, both of these two companies are
the leading company in mobile internet and online digital marketing of Netherlands.

Guus Esbir Wildeman
Guus graduated from the University of Hogeschool INHOLLAND, he is an expert in Affiliate
Marketing, Social media, SEO, PPC, PPV, online promotion areas.
He served for DotC United Group for over 3 years and now is the current COO of Avazu Europe
/NA/Latam, before that, he was ever a Sales Director of EU area of iQU.
Guus devoted his efforts into Creating a perfect connections between gamers, publishers and
advertisers and try to earn more robust marketplace for online games. By using his previous
intelligence platform - sophisticated GameriQU™ across the Internet, social media, mobile devices
and more, carries a big and deep influence in European countries.

Robert Körbs
Robert Körbs graduated from the University of Applied Sciences Berlin (which was listed in the first
place of West Europe area) ,he specialized in Business Computer Science. Until now, he had more
than 8 years of work experience in digital marketing, user access, Ad business, as a pioneer team
leader of running start-up ecosystem.

WHITEPAPER PG 64

At present, Robert is holding the position of Managing Director of Avazu Europe/NA/Latam. He
ever worked for sub corporation of Hitfox group, ad2games,a digital innovation marketing game
company, with the title of the Head of Advertiser Relations.

Alejandro Bonsignore
Alejandro has been professor within Law and Social Science at UADE university, one of the top
ranked universities in Buenos Aires, with experience of leading roles for major companies in the
Digital Advertising industry, such as Improve Media Network. He has deep knowledge about the
Aviation Industry after working many years as Consultant. Today, Alejandro is the Director of
Business Development at Avazu LATAM.

Ben Pony van Kessel
Ben Pony van Kessel graduated from Amsterdam University of Applied Science, and is currently
the Director of Business Development at Avazu Europe. Ben came in contact with the online
marketing industry in young age working for an multinational lead generation company where he
achieved great heights of success by being responsible of devising business development
strategies and the entry and settlement in new markets. Having a past experience in sales, Ben
was able to develop strong skills within the online marketing and international sales field.
Stefan Suripatty

Stefan Suripatty is the current European and North American Director Advertiser Relations at
Avazu Latam. Stefan served many years as Senior Developer of R&D Media, an internationally
operating Media company that operates in B2C Mobile & Internet entertainment, Ecommerce and
Online lead generation industry. Stefan has worked many years within the Online - and Digital
Advertising Industry with major companies such as R&D Media and Bandbreed and had an initial
career as web developer.

Justin Turner

Justin Turner graduated from Esdal College with Economics and Society.
For many years Justin had leading roles at IQU, which is an online performance marketing
WHITEPAPER PG 65

company specialized in games. Currently, iQU serves more than 6000 gaming specialized
publishers with more than 150 game offers. Justin is the European and North American VP Affiliate
Manager at Avazu LATAM. Justin has over 5 years of experience within the advertising and
publishing industry, with great knowledge about Online and Mobile Performance marketing and
great insights in the gaming industry.

Kiki Henrichs

Kiki Henrichs is currently European and North American Global Sales Director at Avazu Latam.
Kiki has many years of experience within Media buying and online advertising, for example
managing major clients at Match My Brand, part of the AEGIS group.

Amos Fang
Amos Fang graduated from National Chio-Tung Tung University and formerly served as the R&D
Assistant Manager of CyberLink, which is one of the leading Multimedia software companies, with
PerfectCorp as its subsidiary, one of largest Taiwanese Mobile Internet enterprise.
He has nearly a decade of experience within International Business Development with success in
online & offline user growth in global market for E-Commerce clients such as Alibaba, Yahoo and
Amazon. Currently, Amos is Head of APAC Business at DotC United Group.

Olle Falkenäng
Olle Falkenang graduated from Uppsala University and was former Project leader at oBike Global.
Olle has many years’ experience within Online - and Social Media Marketing for the Retail and
Gaming industry for companies such as Electronic Arts and Gamestop, and has extensive
knowledge and insights within Business Development and Sales Management from IBM.

WHITEPAPER PG 66

10

1
RISKS

WHITEPAPER PG 67

10. Risks
You acknowledge and agree that there are numerous risks associated with purchasing DATx
Token, holding DATx Token, and using DATx Token for participation in DATx.

1.

Uncertain Regulations and Enforcement Actions

The regulatory status of DATx Token and distributed ledger technology is unclear or
unsettled in many jurisdictions. The regulation of virtual currencies has become a primary
target of regulation in all major countries in the world. It is impossible to predict how, when
or whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulations or create new regulations
with respect to such technology and its applications, including DATx Token and/or DATx.
Regulatory actions could negatively impact DATx Token and/or DATx inWHITEPAPER
various ways.P54
The
Foundation (or its affiliates) may cease operations in a jurisdiction in the event that
regulatory actions, or changes to law or regulation, make it illegal to operate in such
jurisdiction, or commercially undesirable to obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) to
operate in such jurisdiction. After consulting with a wide range ofVWHITEPAPER
legal advisorsP54
and
continuous analysis of the development and legal structure of virtual currencies, the
Foundation will apply a cautious approach towards the sale of DATx Token. Therefore, for
the crowdsale, the Foundation may constantly adjust the sale strategy in order to avoid
relevant legal risks as much as possible. For the crowdsale, the Foundation is working with
Tzedek Law LLC, a boutique corporate law firm in Singapore with a good reputation in the
blockchain space.

2.

Inadequate disclosure of information

As at the date hereof, DATx is still under development and its design concepts, consensus
mechanisms, algorithms, codes, and other technical details and parameters may be
constantly and frequently updated and changed. Although this white paper contains the
most current information relating to DATx, it is not absolutely complete and may still be
adjusted and updated by the DATx team from time to time. The DATx team has no ability
and obligation to keep holders of DATx Token informed of every detail (including
development progress and expected milestones) regarding the project to develop DATx,
hence insufficient information disclosure is inevitable and reasonable.

WHITEPAPER PG 68

3.

Competitors

Various types of decentralised applications are emerging at a rapid rate, and the industry is
increasingly competitive. It is possible that alternative networks could be established that
utilise the same or similar code and protocol underlying DATx Token and/or DATx and
attempt to re-create similar facilities. DATx may be required to compete with these
alternative networks, which could negatively impact DATx Token and/or DATx.

4.

Loss of Talent

The development of DATx depends on the continued co-operation of the existing technical
team and expert consultants, who are highly knowledgeable and experienced in their
respective sectors. The loss of any member may adversely affect DATx or its future
development. Further, stability and cohesion within the team is critical to the overall
development of DATx. There is the possibility that conflict within the team and/or departure
of core personnel may occur, resulting in negative influence on the project in the future.

5.

Failure to develop

There is the risk that the development of DATx will not be executed or implemented as
planned, for a variety of reasons, including without limitation the event of a decline in the
prices of any digital asset, virtual currency or DATx Token, unforeseen technical difficulties,
and shortage of development funds for activities.

6.

Security weaknesses

Hackers or other malicious groups or organisations may attempt to interfere with DATx
Token and/or DATx in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial
of service attacks, consensus-based attacks, Sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing.
Furthermore, there is a risk that a third party or a member of the Foundation or its affiliates
may intentionally or unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure of
DATx Token and/or DATx, which could negatively affect DATx Token and/or DATx.
Further, the future of cryptography and security innovations are highly unpredictable and
advances in cryptography, or technical advances (including without limitation development
of quantum computing), could present unknown risks to DATx Token and/or DATx by
rendering ineffective the cryptographic consensus mechanism that underpins that
WHITEPAPER PG 69

blockchain protocol.

7.

Other risks

In addition to the aforementioned risks, there are other risks (as more particularly set out in
the Terms and Conditions) associated with your purchase, holding and use of DATx Token,
including those that the Foundation cannot anticipate. Such risks may further materialise as
unanticipated variations or combinations of the aforementioned risks. You should conduct
full due diligence on the Foundation, its affiliates and the DATx team, as well as understand
the overall framework and vision for DATx prior to purchasing DATx Token.

WHITEPAPER PG 70

