DAV White Paper

Noam Copel​1​, Tal Ater​2
June 2017

DAV Foundation
c/o Treforma AG, Grabenstrasse 25
6340 Baar, Zug, Switzerland

1​

noam@dav.network

2​

tal@dav.network

Abstract— Decentralized Autonomous Vehicles (DAV). DAV is a computer network that will ultimately connect
self-driving vehicles (such as cars, trucks, rovers, and drones) to everyone on that network, enabling them to discover,
communicate, and transact. The token shall provide access to the network. Users are admitted to the network for a
charge in tokens per transaction depending on supply and demand. Except for providing access to the DAV Platform
for the relevant transactions, DAV Tokens will not have any functionality or utility. People who own vehicles or the
charging stations on the network are paid a consideration or fee for the services they provide on a peer-to-peer basis
with the relevant users. Through the network, users can have an entire network of self-driving vehicles at their
fingertips to bring them anything, or to take them anywhere. Even in today’s transportation market, and during the
transitional period before autonomous transportation reaches mass adoption, the decentralized transportation
network and its underlying technology can create a variety of economic opportunities such as decentralized, on
demand, manned, rides and deliveries.

Disclaimer / Important notice
No assurance / exclusion of liability
NO INFORMATION IN THIS WHITE PAPER SHOULD BE CONSIDERED TO BE LEGAL, FINANCIAL,
BUSINESS OR TAX ADVICE AND YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX
OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER BEFORE ENGAGING IN ANY ACTIVITY.
TO THE EXTENT LEGALLY PERMISSIBLE, DAV FOUNDATION, EMPLOYEES OF DAV
FOUNDATION, OR ANY THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDER EXCLUDE THEIR LIABILITY FOR
ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGES OR LOSSES WHICH YOU MAY SUFFER OR INCUR IN
CONNECTION WITH THIS WHITE PAPER AND THE RELIANCE ON ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED
HEREIN.
Certain statements contained in this white paper contain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause that the actual
future results or situations are different from the statements described herein and should therefore not unduly be
relied upon. The forward-looking statements are made at the date of this white paper and DAV Foundation is
not responsible to revise this white paper in order to take into account events after such date.
This white paper contains information obtained from third parties. DAV Foundation has not independently
verified the accuracy or completeness of such information and DAV Foundation does not represent or warrant
any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information.
DAV Foundation reserves the right to update and change this white paper and the positions and plans outlined in
this white paper at any time without further notice
No solicitation for investments
This white paper contains information on DAV Foundation, the DAV network and planned environment and on
the DAV token and is intended for general informational purposes only. This white paper does not and is not
intended to constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of
securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdictions. In particular, this white paper has not
been registered or approved by any authority under any applicable laws and regulations.
The DAV tokens to be issued by DAV Foundation are not intended to constitute securities and/or collective
investment units in any jurisdiction. The sale of the DAV tokens shall be governed exclusively by the terms and
conditions of the DAV token sale defined in a separate document and any information in relation to the DAV
token in this white paper is merely of descriptive nature.
Key risks and restrictions relating to DAV tokens and the DAV network in general
DAV tokens are utility tokens ​and do not confer ​directly or indirectly any rights or claims against DAV
Foundation or any third party. By accessing this white paper, you acknowledge, understand and agree that:
- While DAV tokens may be traded on exchanges and through brokers, note that DAV tokens may only
be used in the DAV network to access the DAV network.
- DAV tokens may have no value and any investment in DAV tokens may be entirely lost.
- There is no guarantee or representation of value or liquidity for the DAV tokens and the value of DAV
tokens may be significantly influenced by digital currency market trends unrelated to DAV tokens or
DAV Foundation.
- DAV Foundation and any of its affiliates have no obligations or are liable for

(i)
the value of DAV tokens,
(ii)
the transferability of the DAV tokens,
(iii)
the liquidity of DAV tokens, and/or
(iv)
the availability of any market for DAV tokens through DAV Foundation or any third parties.
- The information provided in this white paper in relation to DAV token shall not be construed as any
opinion, statement or indication regarding the merits of the DAV tokens.
- It is the sole responsibility of holders and prospective holders of DAV tokens to comply with all laws
(including any national or international tax treaties), regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable
at any point in time.
- International or local laws and regulations may render the projects and plans of DAV Foundation
impossible in all or certain jurisdictions.
Due to regulatory uncertainties or restrictions, selling restrictions apply relating to the sale of DAV tokens to
any citizen or resident of the United States of America or any green card holders and the People's Republic of
China or any citizen or resident of any other jurisdiction where the acquisition of utility tokens or
cryptocurrencies is prohibited or restricted.
Possible changes to DAV network
In order to meet the requirements of the Swiss regulator regarding anti-money laundering regulations, the DAV
Foundation may be required to make modifications to the DAV network, including, without limitation, the DAV
network's functions, and to postpone the availability of all or part of the functions of the DAV network. Further,
while awaiting the determination whether modifications to the DAV network are needed for these purposes, the
DAV Foundation will delay the settlement of the ETH transferred to DAV Foundation during the token sale by
using an escrow smart contract. The escrow smart contract will provide for the settlement of the ETH transfer to
DAV Foundation only upon full compliance with the Swiss anti-money laundering regulations.

CONTENT

I.
II.

Executive Summary​…………………………………………………………………………………….5
Converging Trends​…………………………………………………………………………………

5

III.

Problem/Solution​……………………………………………………………………………………....11

IV.

The Internet of Transportation​………………………………………………………………………​12
IV.​1. Internet of Transportation Participants​………….……………………….……………..​13

V.

Technical Functionality​………………………………………………………………………………. 13

VI.

DAV Technology Stack​……………………………………………………………………………......14

VI.​1. Decentralized Identity​…………………………………………………………………..

15

VI.​2. Decentralized Discovery​………………………………………………………………..

17

VI.​3. Decentralized Communication​…………………………………………………….........

18

VI.​4. Decentralized Mission Flow​……………………………………………………………​.

18

VI.​4.1. Need​………………………………………………………………………...

19

VI.​4.2. Bid​…………………………………………………………………………...

19

VI.​4.3. Contract Signing​…………………………………………………………......

20

VI.​4.4. Intra-Mission Communication​……………………………………………....

20

VI.​4.5. Contract Resolution​………………………………………………………….

21

VI.​5. Decentralized Payments​………………………………………………………………...

21

VI.​5.1. Payments Using Incentive Tokens​…………………………………………..

21

VII.

Fueling a New Ecosystem​…………………………………………………………………………….. 22

VIII.

Future Work/Roadmap​………………………………………………………....……………………. 23

IX.

Conclusion​……………………………………………………………………………………………...23

Acknowledgment​……………………………………………………………………………………………….. 24
References​……………………………………………………………………………………...​24

I. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

The Internet is a network of computers, but it wasn’t the first one; there were many
computer networks prior to the Internet (for example, AOL, CompuServe, and Prodigy).
What enabled the Internet to emerge and overtake the isolated silos that preceded it was
decentralization. The Internet introduced a set of protocols specifying how data should be
packetized, addressed, transmitted, routed, and confirmed as received, and, in doing so, it
eliminated the need for a central authority that controls the network. This model provides rich
opportunities for developers to build useful applications, for businesses to create value, and
for people to participate in a vast and ever-growing network that is not owned or controlled
by a central monopoly.
The automotive and transportation industries are currently undergoing their biggest
revolution since the invention of Henry Ford's assembly line in 1908. The booming “sharing
economy” is shaking up industries from office space and music to transportation. In addition
to an emerging sharing economy, technology advances will soon make autonomous vehicles
an integral part of our daily lives. As these trends converge, the movement of goods and
people will take a completely new shape. Vehicles will be akin to packets of data,
programmatically sent from origin to destination.
As with computer networks of the past, current transportation networks are being formed as
isolated silos. Google, Lyft, and Uber are only a handful of the companies working on
autonomous transportation, but they are all building their solutions using the same closed
platform model AOL was using back in the 1990s. Autonomous drone and robotics
companies have also begun to emerge and, similarly, their networks are proprietary, closed
and non-inclusive.
In this paper we are laying the foundations for a decentralized transportation infrastructure
that will have built-in incentives for all the different participants: consumers, businesses,
software developers, hardware makers, maintenance providers, insurers, and arbitrators. A
transportation infrastructure that is open-source and free to evolve, based on open and unified
protocols, is highly scalable and has no single point of failure.
II. CONVERGING TRENDS
A. On Demand / Passenger Economy

A report published by London-based RethinkX, an “independent think tank,” estimates that
as “driverless cars” become more common, people will continue the increasing trend of
moving from car ownership to opting for “on demand” autonomous electric vehicle services.
This could save a family more than $5,600 per year, equivalent to a wage raise of 10% for the
median American household, resulting in an additional $1 trillion dollars per year in
Americans’ pockets by 2030, according to the report.
With the elimination of the need for a driver, hundreds of millions of hours will be unleashed
annually as drivers become passengers in vehicles that provide improved safety and a better
transportation economy.

Research by Strategy Analytics finds that autonomous vehicle driving technology will enable
a new “Passenger Economy” worth US$7 trillion in 2050.
The “Passenger Economy” will increasingly drive change across a variety of industries,
disrupting vehicle ownership with “Mobility-as-a-Service.” This will accelerate emerging use
cases, which also extend to transportation and delivery businesses.
● Consumer use of a range of “Mobility-as-a-Service” offerings will account for
US$3.7 trillion, nearly 55% of all revenues.
● Business use of “Mobility-as-a-Service” will generate US$3 trillion in revenues,
roughly 43% of total revenues.
● Emerging applications and services will account for US$203 billion in revenues.
As these commercial activities increase, we see a huge opportunity for large-scale adoption
and growth of the sector through the enabling of drones, autonomous vehicles, robots, and
charging stations to communicate and trade with each other.
B. Cost Reduction

Fierce competition has resulted in cheaper, more reliable, and more capable vehicles than
those that existed just a few years ago.
One type of autonomous vehicle that has seen accelerated growth in the mainstream is the
commercial drone. The best consumer drones are now being deployed for commercial use,
often with few or no modifications. “Just as with smartphones, people who enjoyed playing
with consumer drones realized it made sense to take them to work too,” says Jonathan
Downey of Airware.
Cost reduction doesn’t stop with drones; self-driving cars need to be able to see the world
around them. One way they do this is by using Lidar, a sensor attached to the top of a car that
spins and shoots out lasers to create high-resolution maps of the car’s surroundings. Just a
few years ago, a top-of-the-line Lidar system cost over $75,000. Alphabet-owned company
Waymo has slashed the price of Lidar by 90%, according to their CEO, John Krafcik.
C. Emerging Use Cases

Whether we look at companies like Starship Technologies in Estonia and Dispatch in
California, who have developed wheeled-cooler-sized drones that are making deliveries on
footpaths, or Unsupervised.ai, the French startup that uses a drone that has legs and resembles
a dog for “last 50 meter” deliveries, it is clear that the innovation being undertaken is broad in
scope and global in scale.

Fig. 1 - Aida, last mile autonomous delivery by Unsupervised.ai

Last-mile delivery represents 55% of the cost of a delivery today, due to manually taking a
single parcel into the delivery destination, as opposed to driving a vehicle laden with a large
volume of packages to near the destination. Companies are already developing hybrid
systems for “integrated last mile” delivery, such as trucks that can arrive in a neighborhood
and deploy both flying and wheeled drones.

We already see companies like Flytrex executing deliveries with autonomous drones in
Iceland for an Icelandic online marketplace called Aha.

Fig. 3 - FlyTrex, autonomous drone delivering for Aha in Iceland

Companies like EHang in China have already tested drones that carry people in the air
through Dubai. These flying passenger drones are expected to be commercially deployed in
the coming years. Other companies, such as Airbus, Uber, and Kitty Hawk, have proposed
similar flying-car drones.

Fig. 4 Passenger drone prototype

In Geneva, an urban area, AirMap (which manages drone traffic) and Skyguide (which
manages manned aircraft) worked together with other companies to successfully demonstrate
the first-ever live demonstration of drone airspace services in Europe.
Autonomous vehicles allow us to reimagine a whole range of transportation, personal
vehicles, ride-hailing, public transportation, and logistics.
With a focus on shared mobility and access to fleets of vehicles, rather than a personal
ownership model, people will be able to experience these technologies sooner.
Waymo has “self-driven” over 3.5 million miles on the road, across 20 US cities. In Phoenix,
Arizona they are already inviting people to take part in their early passenger program.
A fully self-driving fleet now offers accessibility, safety, and flexibility and frees up time and
space in the vehicle to do what you want.

Fig. 6 - Waymo, self driving vehicle

D. Legal Commercial Use

The flood of consumer drones and autonomous vehicles have forced regulators to push
through legislation to allow commercial development and use.
The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has a blanket federal restriction on commercial
drone operators. All commercial drone operators must apply for a “333 exemption” from the
FAA before doing business, register their aircraft online with the FAA for $5, and receive a
certificate of authorization (COA) or other FAA authorization.
The following heat map from AirMap, the airspace management company, shows that
461,120 recreational drones and 8,416 commercial-use drones had been registered with the
FAA by the end of May 2017.

Fig. 7 - Heatmap of recreational and commercial drone registrations, FAA 2017

Many other countries have followed the FAA’s regulatory lead, which is clearing
commercial drones for takeoff worldwide.
With technology for autonomous vehicles continually developing, state and municipal
governments are addressing the potential impacts of autonomous vehicles on the road.
Each year, the number of states considering legislation related to autonomous vehicles has
gradually increased. In 2017, 33 states have introduced legislation, while that number stood at
20 states in 2016.
The National Conference of State Legislatures (NCSL) has a new autonomous vehicles
legislative database, providing up-to-date, real-time information about state autonomous
vehicle legislation that has been introduced in the 50 states and the District of Columbia.

Fig. 8 - States with enacted autonomous vehicle legislation

Switzerland, Iceland, and Tanzania already allow autonomous drone delivery operations,
and from 2018 Japan will permit them as well.
E. Open Source Vehicle Technology

A large number of autonomous vehicles are being developed as open-source projects by
developer communities, as well as by commercial companies. These projects introduce new
ways to design and build autonomous cars, drones, robots, and even underwater vessels.
In the autonomous car space: Open Source Car Control (OSCC​1​) provides developers with a
collection of firmware and hardware designs for computer control of their autonomous
development vehicles. Apollo​2 ​provides an open, reliable, and secure software platform for its
partners to develop their own autonomous driving systems through on-vehicle and hardware
platforms.

In drones and other UAVs: DroneCode​3​ is an open-source platform for Unmanned Aerial
Vehicles (UAVS), and Paparazzi UAV​4​ is an open-source drone hardware and software
project encompassing autopilot systems and ground station software for
multicopters/multirotors, fixed-wing, helicopters, and hybrid aircraft.
In other robotics spaces: ROS​5​ is a collection of libraries that aim to simplify the task of
creating complex and robust robot behavior across a wide variety of robotic platforms, and
OpenROV​6​ is a low-cost submarine/underwater drone hardware.
F. Token Economy

Blockchain technology has opened new possibilities for the recognition and exchange of
value. We are now entering a time when applications may be built on top of blockchain
technology and in doing so also create industry-specific economies and ecosystems.
This white paper proposes a way to leverage this significant economic paradigm shift by
building a blockchain-based, global, and completely open-source technology stack that
enables cooperation between members of the new transportation economy and the financial
tools to incentivize network growth. The network becomes more useful as more users join
and the demand for the tokens increases; this helps create incentives for early adopters who
are vital for the creation of an active and growing ecosystem.
III. PROBLEM/SOLUTION
A. Problem

Today, large corporations have already begun experimenting with fleets of autonomous
vehicles: Domino’s pizza delivery robots, Amazon’s Prime Air drones, Waymo’s
autonomous taxis, and Baidu’s open-source self-driving cars are all leading the way towards
fully autonomous transportation systems.

As these organizations employ armies of software developers in their attempts to create the
first fully autonomous vehicles, they need to resolve issues revolving around perception,
localization, decision making, and more. Additionally, autonomous vehicles require charging,
maintenance, and docking infrastructure.
Centralization and narrow economic interests restrict the pace at which transformative
technologies can be released and adopted by the market, as the key players are focused on
dominating their own isolated networks, and not on creating a collaborative infrastructure
that is more efficient and has higher potential for more diverse use cases in the long run.
A lack of incentives to collaborate across various value chains stifles the pace of progress in
the sector. An open-source platform that is inclusive and permissionless provides economic
incentives for multiple participants to join the network and enjoy its future growth in a way
that allows for much more rapid scaling.
B. Solution

By open-sourcing the DAV technology stack and decentralizing protocols around identity,
discovery and mission flow, provided through a modular UI, DAV enables cooperation. New
players can enter the market, creating distributed value and growing participation in the
transportation economy. A decentralized open source network means that players can
independently take action in response to unfilled or poorly filled market needs.
C. Creativity at the edges

What’s efficient about open-sourcing network technology is that it pushes innovation to the
edge, giving more participants control over the pace and direction of innovation, and fueling
creativity. Simplicity at the center allows for complexity at the edge.
Innovative applications and services will emerge as autonomous vehicle services scale and
evolve, just as the Internet brought new businesses and business models into existence.
DAV’s open-source technology stack, protocols, and UI solve problems through enabling
cooperation, positioning the DAV network as a platform for independent innovation at the
edge.
IV. THE INTERNET OF TRANSPORTATION
A. Statement

Drones, cars, trucks, and even shipping boats are only some of the autonomous vehicles
that will soon enter the mainstream. The DAV technology stack was created to make this
ecosystem a reality by enabling true cooperation between autonomous vehicles, service
providers, and users.

B. Challenge Creating A Network

For an efficient, fast-scaling shift from the existing transportation sector into the
autonomous vehicle transportation sector, a huge support network must be put in place.
This autonomous vehicle network must include a large number of AVs, spread out all over
the target area. Many parking spots must be designated for all of these AVs to park when they
are not flying or driving around. Charging stations must be placed over a large geographical
area. And finally, a network of supporting services, such as repairs, rescue, cleaning, and
more must be put in place.
C. Purpose

The purpose of the DAV utility token is to provide access to a community-built
autonomous vehicle infrastructure and build an autonomous vehicle platform that is
commercially viable and essential for cooperation. The DAV network enables the distribution
of tokens across all groups of network participants as consideration for services provided
between network participants, and the growth of the network benefits all network members.
IV. 1. INTERNET OF TRANSPORTATION PARTICIPANTS
A. Consumers

Pay a consideration in exchange for on-demand transportation of people and goods, and
other services provided by other participants of the DAV network.
B. Providers

1) Vehicle Providers: Receive a consideration by making their vehicles available for on-demand missions
of transport and delivery.

2) Infrastructure Providers: Receive a consideration by providing docking, charging, battery replacement
equipment.

3) Service Providers: Receive a consideration by providing maintenance services for vehicles and
locating and retrieving lost or damaged DAVs, according to recent GPS coordinates.
Receive a consideration by assembling and selling open-source DAVs using
prefabricated parts, open-source plans, and open-source software.
Insurance Providers: Receive a premium by offering data-driven insurance policies on demand for
people, DAVs, and parcels on selected routes and types of missions.
Arbitrators: Independent dispute resolution providers are paid a fee by settling disputes directly
through smart contracts on issues involving damaged goods and proof of delivery.
Software / Hardware Developers: Participate in the development of the open-source platform in
exchange for bounties, as well as build their own custom services for accessing the DAV network.

4) Manufacturers:
5)
6)
7)

V. TECHNICAL FUNCTIONALITY

The DAV network, as a developer-centric platform, creates SDKs for popular development
platforms and APIs. It actively encourages developers to take part, making it easy for any
developer to participate and contribute within their domain of expertise. The technology
behind the DAV network is a stack of open-source software with a developed UI for simple

interaction, which enables a truly autonomous, fast-scaling transportation system.
A. Identity

The identity stack enables users and devices to authenticate themselves to other network
participants. Each DAV entity has its own identity. These entities might be a person looking
to purchase transportation services, a rooftop charging station for drones, a driverless car, an
insurance service, or even a group of several cargo drones controlled by a single system.
B. Discovery

Decentralized discovery provides the tools for different DAV identities to discover each
other in a decentralized way. It represents the difference between a world where introducing a
vehicle to a new environment requires building a support structure around it (e.g., charging
and service stations, parking, etc.) and a truly connected world where any autonomous
vehicle can operate in any environment, consuming services around it as the need arises.
C. Communication

DAV’s decentralized communication allows direct communications between two or more
DAV participants using a common communication protocol. It is the key to facilitating most
types of operations within the DAV network and enabling different entities from different
manufacturers to communicate with each other, for example vehicles and charging stations.
D. Mission Flow

To enable an exchange of services between two or more parties, DAV offers a
communication protocol designed to ease each step of the mission flow – from the initial
statement of need through bidding, service fulfillment, and eventually payment.
E. Access and decentralized settlement

DAV token is a core component of the DAV stack and was created to fuel the DAV
ecosystem. DAV tokens are required to access the DAV network, i.e. the onboarding of
network participants and the use of the identity, discovery, communication and mission flow
functions.
Further, the DAV network enables the decentralized peer-to-peer payment for the services
rendered between involved participants of the DAV network with virtual currency payment
tokens (not access tokens) available on the Ethereum blockchain which enables secure and
trustless payments for such services. For the avoidance of doubt, the DAV token only serves
as an access token.

VI. DAV TECHNOLOGY STACK

The DAV stack is composed of five main components, each providing one piece of the
puzzle needed to enable a decentralized autonomous vehicle ecosystem.

The five decentralized components are:
● Identity
● Discovery
● Communication
● Mission Flow
● Access and settlement
VI. 1. DECENTRALIZED IDENTITY

Each entity using the DAV network has its own pseudonymous identity, known as a DAV
Identity. These entities might be a person looking to purchase transportation services, a
rooftop charging station for drones, a driverless car, an insurance service, or even a group of
several cargo drones controlled by a single system. These pseudonymous identities are
uniquely identifiable and non-ephemeral, while still providing a degree of anonymity.
DAV Identities are stored and tracked in a decentralized way on the blockchain and can only
be manipulated through a predetermined interface. This interface ensures strict access control
over who (or what) can manipulate and use each identity. For example, only a user
possessing the private cryptographic key that matches a given Identity’s wallet can assign a
human-readable name to that Identity or sign a smart contract on its behalf. On the other
hand, the history of past transactions, which is stored within each Identity, can only be added
to by authorized mission contracts and cannot be manipulated in any way by the user.
Unlike many other blockchain solutions, which can be completely trustless, transacting in the
physical world presents additional elements that cannot be wholly encapsulated within a
digital contract. In other words, while it is possible for a smart contract to know when a
financial transaction has completed, knowing whether a physical package was delivered with
a scratch is trickier.
DAV offers three tools for dealing with counterparty risks: a public transaction history,
third-party arbitrators, and third-party insurers.
As a network of pseudonymous identities, DAV exposes the history of each Identity’s
performance, while also offering anonymity for it. (In other words, you can know how many
successful missions a drone completed, but not who that drone is or who owns it.)
Each Identity holds within it a ledger detailing the complete history of transactions conducted
by that Identity, along with their outcome. This essentially creates a permission-based access
control, allowing anyone to access the full history of each Identity’s transactions, while
strictly limiting write permissions.
By evaluating the outcomes of an Identity's transactions over time, we can construct a clear
image of its trustworthiness and the level of risk each party assumes in the transaction.
By combining both decentralized identities and a decentralized transaction history, we can
achieve a decentralized system that not only exposes the full history of successful
transactions, but one that does not allow an Identity to disavow or hide negative ones. DAV

offers a system of full transparency and strict access control.
The nature of pseudonymous identities means that, by design, they are not tied to a real-world
identity. A single legal entity or person can create multiple pseudonymous identities to
represent themselves. This makes the system potentially prone to so-called sock puppets –
identities created with the sole purpose of hiding past negative behavior. This issue affects all
online communities where the cost of generating new pseudonymous identities is low. The
user behavior that emerges in such communities, and what we expect to see among our users,
is that users tend to trust and value vendors with a long history of successful transactions
while considering transactions with new vendors riskier. For example, in online freelancing
sites such as Upwork and Elance, veteran users with many positive ratings are able to charge
a premium over new unknown users. Similarly, when evaluating bids for services over the
DAV network, a potential buyer might look at a seller's history as an important criteria, and
not just go for the lowest bid.
The need for a third party to decide on the outcome of some transactions opens the gate for
introducing arbitrators (serving either as oracles or as additional signatures in a
multisignature contract) into the system. These parties can provide their services and help
facilitate transactions, resolve disputes, and increase user trust in the system. For example,
when a dispute arises between a buyer and a seller, a third-party arbitrator might require a
physical Proof of Delivery before signing off on a delivery. DAV's initial proof of concept
demonstrates a third-party arbitrator service like this provided by the mission planning
service.
Support for arbitration does not need to be built into the system (other than support for
multisignature contracts supporting a refundable arbitrator fee). It represents an emergent
behavior that is supported by the DAV stack.
Arbitrators are DAV Identities like any other, with their own transaction histories. They
provide this service just like any other service provided on the network (i.e., an arbitration
service is no different from a charging service from a technical standpoint). Some of these
services can be automated (and often provided free of charge), such as being an additional
key-holder in a multisignature contract, or providing a third-party verifiable Proof of
Delivery, such as requiring the receiver of a package to enter a code to unlock a delivery box.
Others might require human intervention (and payment of a fee). The fee can take the form of
either a refundable deposit from either or both parties, or be deducted from the value of the
transaction.
Not all transactions necessarily require the inclusion of a third-party arbitrator in the contract.
An Identity’s transaction history can be used to determine a transaction's counterparty risk
and act as a signal for both parties when deciding whether to include a third-party arbitrator
or not.
The element of risk from unforeseen events and bad actors opens the gate for third-party
insurance providers to offer a valuable service to the DAV network. Much like arbitrators,
insurance providers implement the logic and tools for providing the insurance service and

offer their services using the same DAV tools as any other service providers (i.e., a request
for an insurance goes through the same channels as a request for a charging service). Thanks
to DAV’s decentralized nature, insurance providers have access to the full history of
transactions completed by all the parties involved in a transaction (as well as their own
history they may have saved in their own proprietary systems, such as their history with each
party) and can use that data to estimate the level of risk and adjust the insurance premium.
While each DAV Identity is uniquely identified by a cryptographically generated hash, which
is instantly recognizable to computers, this hash does not present a very human-friendly
interface. By attaching a unique avatar to each Identity, generated using its cryptographic
hash as the seed, DAV Identities gain an additional degree of recognizability and
user-friendliness. This identifiability is enhanced by allowing an optional, unique,
human-readable name to be assigned to an Identity using the DAV Naming Service, a service
inspired by the Ethereum Domain Name Service​7​.
Note that the concept of a DAV Identity is separate from a wallet. A certain identity can be
connected to one wallet one day and a different one the next. This disassociation enables
different emergent behaviors within the DAV network. For example, the owner of an
autonomous charging station may sell that station to another person, without the buyer losing
that Identity's transaction history, by changing the wallet it is attached to (and most likely
generating new cryptographic keys required to control that station). Another example is a
timeshare-like ownership of a drone by a group of people controlled by a multisignature
contract that changes the wallet based on days of the week.
VI. 2. DECENTRALIZED DISCOVERY

One of the most transformative aspects of DAV is the ability for autonomous vehicles to
discover each other, as well as service providers and clients around them.
Decentralized discovery represents the difference between a world where introducing a
vehicle to a new environment requires building a support structure around it (e.g., charging
and service stations, parking, etc.), and a truly connected world where any autonomous
vehicle can operate in any environment, consuming services around it as the need arises.
DAV implements this decentralized node discovery using a peer-to-peer protocol that is
based on Kademlia​8​ DHT (the same algorithm used by Ethereum's node discovery, as well as
popular peer-to-peer protocols such as BitTorrent).
In Kademlia, each node is assigned a 160-bit opaque ID. Kademlia’s lookup algorithm
locates a node through a series of hops, with each successive hop converging closer in XOR
distance to the lookup target. This enables node lookups with logarithmic difficulty and has
been proven to scale remarkably well.
In DAV, each node in this peer-to-peer network represents a single DAV Identity and is
identified by a unique ECDSA public/private key pair. This is separate from the key pair used
to identify wallets on the blockchain (in fact, a DAV Identity may switch between different
wallets without changing its public/private key). Unlike in Kademlia, node IDs within DAV’s

network carry with them extra function, as they take the form of a cryptographic hash of an
ECDSA public key (​kpublic), and all outgoing messages are signed using the matching
private key (​kprivate). The authenticity of any message received can be verified using that
signature and public key. This ensures that malicious actors cannot pose as other nodes and
forge messages (an attack known as a Spartacus attack) and creates a common identifier
between the on-blockchain and off-blockchain representations of each identity.
This protocol enables general-purpose data transport and an interface for applications to
communicate via a peer-to-peer network. This sits at the heart of DAV's decentralized
discovery, as well as enabling its decentralized communication.
An interesting aspect of DAV is that its building blocks allow one to build discovery as a
service on top of the DAV stack, as shown by our proof of concept Mission Control server.
This allows for some interesting possibilities, such as allowing existing ride-hailing
companies to operate their own network of autonomous vehicles, within their own app, while
still enjoying DAV's other benefits, such as access to a network of token holders, service
discovery, and more. Another example might be a discovery service listing only charging
stations that have been verified by a third party to exclusively use renewable energy sources.
This flexibility is integral to DAV's philosophy and is supported by its modular nature.
VI. 3. DECENTRALIZED COMMUNICATION

Decentralized communication is key to facilitating most types of operations within the
DAV network. This communication can be divided into two groups: on-blockchain
communications and off-blockchain communications (peer-to-peer communications).
On-blockchain communications take the form of messages that are communicated through
events emitted by smart contracts (e.g., a transfer event when cryptocurrencies are transferred
between parties), as well as messages communicated by the entities using the network to the
smart contracts (e.g., a state update sent by a drone to the mission contract as part of the
intra-mission communication). These two types of communications should be quite familiar
to anyone experienced with DApps.
Off-blockchain communications occur directly between two nodes, as well as following the
publish/subscribe pattern wherein an entity publishes a message to ​n-subscribers that have
shown an interest in messages that match certain attributes (also known as content-based
message filtering). An example of the latter type of message would be an electric vehicle
broadcasting (i.e., publishing) a need for a battery changing station that matches certain
attributes (e.g., geographical location, plug type). This message would reach all the matching
stations (i.e., subscribers). In response, charging stations may respond directly with a bid (as
described under Decentralized Mission Planning and Coordination), an example of direct
communication between two nodes.
DAV's peer-to-peer publish/subscribe system is based on an extension to Kademlia that is
based on the Quasar​9​ algorithm. We are working to improve on a few of the issues identified
in Quasar, namely latency, advantages to peers in close XOR distance rather than

geographical distance, and the ability for nodes to refuse to relay messages when it is
advantageous to them to do so.
VI. 4. DECENTRALIZED MISSION FLOW

Allowing autonomous vehicles and services to discover each other and communicate with
each other are only the first steps in creating an autonomous ecosystem.
To enable a successful exchange of services between two or more parties, DAV offers a
communication protocol designed to ease each step of the mission flow – from the initial
statement of need through bidding, service fulfillment, and eventually payment.
These steps are executed off-blockchain using peer-to-peer communication and are governed
and enforced by a number of smart contracts on the blockchain.
VI. 4.1. NEED

The story of each mission begins with a DAV Identity (a buyer) that requires a service
broadcasting a request for that service. At its core, that buyer is defining a need. This Need is
then broadcast to all DAV entities that are able to provide that service. As an example, let's
take a person looking to ship a package to a friend who lives in the city. That user broadcasts
a Need to deliver a package of a certain size from coordinate α to coordinate β at a certain
time. In turn, a drone looking to deliver that package might broadcast its own Needs, such as
a charging station within 500 m of coordinate β and a robot able to do the "last mile" of the
delivery from a rooftop landing station to the second floor of the building at coordinate β.
The message containing the Need includes a number of fields, which are mandatory to all
Need messages, as well as a payload with additional details specific to the type of service
requested (e.g., package weight, number of passengers, etc.)
VI. 4.2. BID

The second part of the mission flow is the Bidding process. Any Identity (a seller in this
case) listening to incoming Needs can respond with a Bid to fulfill that Need. The Bid is sent
directly to the buyer and, like the Need, includes a few mandatory fields common to all Bids,
as well as a payload containing additional details relating to the specific type of service. For
example, a drone responding to a request for a ride might include the price for completing the
mission, an expiration time for the Bid, the drone's current location, estimated time of pickup,
estimated time of delivery, and additional details like whether it requires a third-party
arbitrator to sign the contract.
Note that the entire flow is asynchronous. The drone from the previous example might
receive the Need and, before sending its Bid, broadcast its own Need asking for Bids from
insurers to insure the delivery. Once the drone receives a Bid from insurers, it can calculate
the total cost of the delivery and make its Bid for the delivery job. Only once it is awarded the
delivery job will it sign the insurance contract. Note that in this example, the drone is both a
buyer and a seller of services.

VI. 4.3. CONTRACT SIGNING

Once the buyer has received a few Bids and has made a decision based on the Bids’ details,
as well as on the Identities and transaction histories of the sellers, a smart contract can be
signed between the relevant parties.
DAV smart contracts support transfer of the consideration to be paid peer-to-peer on the
Ethereum blockchain in virtual currency payment tokens (not access tokens) once a mission
concludes successfully (verified by signatures from both parties, external oracles, or
multisignature contracts involving third-party arbitrators), refunds, staking amounts for
insurance, and more.
As part of the DAV’s developer-centric platform, DAV will develop tools to enable
third-party developers to create domain-specific multi-step contracts to be used on the DAV
network.

VI. 4.4. INTRA-MISSION COMMUNICATION

While not a mandatory step of all mission flows, intra-mission communication using
DAV's Decentralized Communication protocol allows a transfer of data and state messages.
This can be extremely useful on-blockchain, such as in multi-step mission contracts, as well
as off-blockchain, allowing direct communication between buyers, sellers, and oracles.
For example, a multi-step smart contract between a drone and a client looking to ship a
package can be updated as the mission progresses through various steps (travel to pickup
location, pickup, travel to destination, etc.) This on-blockchain data can later be used by
another contract that was created to insure the transaction.
Another example might be intra-mission communication between vehicles establishing
collaborations to decrease the number of empty trips 10​
​ .

Fig. 10 - Example: Collaboration between vehicles decreases the number of empty return trips from four to one

VI. 4.5. CONTRACT RESOLUTION

Smart contracts may contain a number of conditions, which can lead to one of several
resolutions. This differs from contract to contract, but the most common scenario occurs once
a mission has been completed successfully: the two parties both send a message to the
contract indicating their satisfaction, which is immediately followed by a release of funds
from the contract to the seller.
VI. 5. ACCESS AND DECENTRALIZED SETTLEMENT

In order to fuel the DAV network, DAV Foundation created the DAV token that is required
for accessing the DAV network and using of the DAV stack. The DAV token is fully ERC-20
Token Standard​11​-compliant. It implements the ERC-20 token interface, with a few additions
that extend its functionality for the unique needs of the DAV network, as well as addressing a
few of the known security issues of ERC-20 tokens.
DAV tokens are required for accessing the DAV network for each transaction, i.e.
onboarding onto the DAV network by creating a DAV Identity. The amount of DAV tokens
required for accessing the DAV network depends on the type of user, e.g. providers such as
drone providers or a charging station providers or consumers, as well as supply and demand,
i.e. the quantity and type of infrastructure provided. In order to establish an optimum balance
between different participants, anyone in the community, including DAV, can incentivize the
onboarding of certain types of ecosystem members whose services are highly demanded and
may increase the price of access for network participants that are "too frequent". For instance,
in an environment where there are not enough drones to serve the demand, those in the
community who feel that more drones are needed may incentivize the onboarding of
additional drones by transferring DAV Tokens for the access of drones to the network. The
community member essentially whitelists that service (in this case more drones) and transfers
the DAV Tokens for the access of the whitelisted drones to the DAV network.

The proceeds from the sale of the DAV tokens are used for the further development of the
DAV network and financing the incentive function (see below). Further, DAV tokens also
help to confirm identity and track the population that is onboarded, which is something that
would then be fully transparent on the blockchain.
As regards the services provided between participants of the DAV network, the DAV stack
provides also for a decentralized peer to peer settlement between the relevant participants by
using DAV’s Decentralized Payments contracts which enable secure, trustless transactions
directly between participants in the DAV network. The relevant participants may agree to
settle the provided services in virtual currency payment tokens (not access tokens) available
on the Ethereum blockchain.
While the settlement directly takes place between the participants, mission contracts use a
specialized contract to gain additional functionality when making payments between DAV
Identities. This contract serves as the glue between a DAV Identity and a service provided or
received within the DAV network, providing additional features, such as paying for missions
using an account's own tokens balance. In addition to the specialized functionality it enables,
the payment contract also keeps track of which Identities are whitelisted as a result of DAV
Tokens for the access to the network having been transferred by other community members.
VI. 5.1. INCENTIVE FUNCTION

In order to foster the use of certain services provided on the DAV network, DAV offers an
incentive function allowing to whitelist ecosystem members in order to incentivize the
provision of certain services.
When an ecosystem members decides to incentivize another ecosystem member (e.g. a
seller running a charging station) it may transfer DAV Tokens on behalf of the relevant
ecosystem member to be whitelisted. When creating an incentive, a limit is also placed on the
maximum number of DAV Tokens that may be transferred on behalf of an ecosystem
member to be whitelisted.
An example of this structure would be a charging station manufacturer incentivizing
homeowners to buy and place charging equipment in their driveways. If the cost of accessing
the DAV network of each station is some X amount of DAV Tokens, the manufacturer may
transfer such amount of DAV Tokens on behalf of the homeowner and whitelist each of these
new charging stations to receive access to the DAV network.
VII.
FUELING A NEW ECOSYSTEM

DAV is committed to the success of its platform and to the success of the economy and its
participants who are building and deploying the next generation of autonomous vehicle
transportation and infrastructure.
To help grow the Internet of Transportation and jumpstart the network effect, the foundation
will actively incentivize early adopters in select cities, establishing favorable market

conditions and lowering barriers to entry. DAV cities will be designated by the foundation
based on the following criteria:
● Autonomous-vehicle-friendly regulation
● Financial incentives from local EDOs (i.e., economic development offices)
● Viable use cases and populations of early adopters
● Deployment of UTM​12 for integrated airspace management through e-registration,
e-identification, flight planning, geofencing, airspace authorization, flight tracking,
and live telemetry services
The DAV incentives function enables ecosystem members including DAV to incentivize
certain services of the DAV network by providing bounties directly to consumers and
enthusiasts in DAV cities, to autonomous transportation services, and/or to autonomous
vehicle companies for purchasing services from within the transport economy, such as
charging or maintenance.
By deploying a predefined portion of its capital this way, the foundation aims to seed
sustainable transport economies of participants and help jumpstart city-wide network effects.
VIII.

FUTURE WORK/ROADMAP

The core team behind DAV will work with the community to continuously document,
publish, and open source proof-of-concept releases, in which each iteration will be more
daring than the previous in terms of adding new autonomous vehicles and participants, as
well as smarter functionalities, across longer distances and in more countries.
Our major milestones for development and go-to market are:
● MVP #1 - World’s first autonomous vehicle to autonomously bid for delivery
services, complete them, and get paid using tokens directly to its own wallet.
● MVP #2 - World’s first autonomous vehicle to pay for its own battery replacement
using tokens and take off to complete its delivery mission.
● MVP #3 - World’s first autonomous vehicle to pay another autonomous vehicle
(robot) using tokens for completing the last mile of a delivery mission.
● MVP #4 - Longest drone delivery flight ever, flying cross-country using the support
of multiple DAV battery-changing stations along the way.
● Additional Development - Add support for robotic vehicles, cars, and marine vessels.
IX. CONCLUSION

At the critical convergence of autonomous transportation technology and blockchain
technology, DAV’s open-source decentralized identity, discovery, mission coordination, and
payments enable users, service providers, maintenance providers, third-party developers, and
investors to become part of a new economy and monetize the transportation system of
tomorrow.
Change is coming, and the opportunities are numerous. Just as the Internet enables P2P
transfer of information, and as blockchain enables P2P transfer of value, the DAV network

enables P2P transfer of physical objects.

ACKNOWLEDGMENT

We would like to express our gratitude to the people who supported us as we wrote this
paper. A special thanks to Andrew Grunstein, John Frazer, Rachel Linnewiel, Joseph
Lopardo, Eyal Hertzog, and Elizabeth Horstman. Your support and feedback were truly
important to us in improving this document. Thank you.

REFERENCES

[1]
[2]
[3]
[4]
[5]
[6]
[7]
[8]

OSCC - http://oscc.io/

[9]

B. Wong, S. Guha. Quasar: A Probabilistic Publish-Subscribe System for Social Networks. Dept. of Computer Science, Cornell
University, Ithaca, NY, February 2008.

Apollo - http://apollo.auto
DroneCode - https://www.dronecode.org/
Paparazzi UAV - http://www.paparazziuav.org
ROS - http://www.ros.org/
OpenROV - https://www.openrov.com/
N. Johnson. EIP-137 Ethereum Domain Name Service - Specification. April 2016.
P. Maymounkov and D. Mazières. Kademlia: A Peer-to-Peer Information System Based on the XOR Metric. New York University,
March 2002.

[10] Example for non-collaborative and collaborative vehicle routes of two carriers. Dotted arcs are empty return trips (Adenso-D´ıaz et
al., 2014a)

[11] F. Vogelsteller, V. Buterin. ERC-20 Token Standard. Ethereum Foundation (Stiftung Ethereum), Zug, Switzerland, November 2015.
[12] Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) Traffic Management (UTM) https://utm.arc.nasa.gov/index.shtml.

