DeepBrain Chain
Artificial Intelligence Computing Platform
Driven By BlockChain

White Paper of
DeepBrain Chain

version1.1.0

DeepBrain Chain

Table of Contents
Abstract

01

MIssion

02

Chapter 1 Introduction

03

1.1 Problems of Artificial Intelligence Enterprises

03

1.2 Brief Description of DeepBrain Chain

03

Chapter 2 Design Concept of DeepBrain Chain

04

2.1 Design Thinking of DeepBrain Chain

04

2.2 Problems to be Solved in DeepBrain Chain Design

04

2.3 Build Artificial Intelligence Ecosystem Around

05

DeepBrain Chain
Chapter 3 DeepBrain Chain Platform

06

3.1 NEO Smart Contract

06

3.2 DeepBrain Chain Architecture

06

Chapter 4 DeepBrain Chain Mining and Privacy Protection

11

4.1 Mining smart contract

11

4.2 Payment mechanism for artificial

13

intelligence manufacturers
4.3 Data privacy protection
Chapter 5 Token Sale Public Sell Rules

13
13
15

5.1 Token Launching

15

5.2 Token Allocation Scheme

15

5.3 Token Sale Rule Description

15

5.4 Token Sale Risk Comparison

15

Chapter 6 Process and Plan

16

6.1 Development History

16

6.2 Roadmap

17

Chapter 7 Fund Use

19

Chapter 8 About the Team

20

Chapter 9 Investment Institutions, Investors, and Consultants

24

Chapter 10 Voting and Community Governance

30

10.1 Operating Subject

30

10.2 Governance Structure and Voting

30

Chapter 11 Risk Tips

31

Chapter 12 Disclaimer

33

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 01

Abstract
With the exponential development of GPU computing power, big data, Internet of things, sensors, and
other fields over the past few years, artificial intelligence has begun to break out, in a way that futuristic technologies such as facial recognition and voice interaction are being integrated into our lives day by day. From
2012 to 2016, there was an increase of 5154 artificial intelligence startups in the whole world, the total financing
amount reached $22.4 billion, and many medium and large companies have set up artificial intelligence
departments while the net investment in artificial intelligence world-wide became more than $100 billion. It
can be said that after the rise and fall several times in history, the era of artificial intelligence has finally arrived!
In the past few years, the DeepBrain Chain core team has been deeply exploring the forefront of artificial intelligence, was awarded First Prize in Enterprise Sector, and was awarded Second Prize in Academic Sector & Enterprise Sector of SMP 2017 Chinese Man-Machine Dialogue Field Authority Evaluation Contest held by Artificial
Intelligence Research Center of the Harbin Institute of Technology, exceeding over 30 domestic first-class
academic and corporate AI teams which participated in the competition. We have been committed to artificial
intelligence landing applications and services for a variety of Internet of things equipments, so that ordinary
equipments could have the brain, with dialogue, thinking, and reasoning abilities. In 2014, as a result, the
world's first AI sound box Small Zhi was launched half a year earlier than the Amazon Echo. In 2017, the first
national AI brain open platform DeepBrain was launched. When we do AI products, we realize that nearly 10%
to 30% of the budget of a lot of artificial intelligence enterprises will be put into construction of AI's computing
power. These include the purchase and maintenance of high computing performance hardware, which have
become a heavy burden to enterprises, restricting investment in technology research and development. Is there
a good way to completely solve this painful point, so that AI enterprises can promote the technological revolution more smoothly? This is where DeepBrain Chain enters. DeepBrain Chain is the first and only artificial intelligence platform in the world, driven by blockchain technology. By utilizing DeepBrain Chain's platform, artificial
intelligence enterprises can reduce 70% of hardware cost. In addition, potential privacy risk for enterprises
when using data can be effectively avoided. This is because the algorithm of the platform is fixed by smart
contract and thus cannot be changed.

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 02

Mission
DeepBrain Chain’s mission is to accelerate the advancement of artificial intelligence in an era that is undergoing an explosion of smart devices, the data they acquire and their computational needs.
1. DeepBrain Chain can make the artificial intelligence neural network operation decentralized and distributed
over the mass nodes of the whole world through blockchain technology. Thus, the cost can be just 30% of the
user’s self-built neural network server; and less than 50% of the traditional artificial intelligence centralization cloud computing platform.
2. Through smart contract, data provider and data training party are physically separated, protecting data
privacy. This successfully resolves the trust issue that often prevents data providers from willing to share the
proprietary data for training, which is essential for developing AI products.
3. Using their own token as the universal currency, DBC maximizes participation from various AI players in the
ecosystem all around the world, including developers, universities, computing power providers, SMEs, financial
institutes, Data providers etc.

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 03

Chapter 1 Introduction
1.1 Problems of Artificial Intelligence Enterprises
1. Artificial intelligence products need to train models by neural network calculation, and the data model
training process needs to consume a large amount of computing resources. Artificial intelligence products want
to achieve better product index, in addition to the algorithm. That is, there is a need for massive data to train, but
more data, in the case of equal computing resources, means longer training, say over a week or even a month to
several months. If there are incorrect parameters in the training process, repeated training is needed. Long training time is extremely disadvantageous to the enterprise product's iterative updating, increasing the product's
likelihood to fail in the industry's competition. This leads to the fact that many manufacturers have to invest a lot
of money to purchase GPU, FPGA, and other hardware resources, directly causing the artificial intelligence chip
provider's, e.g. NVIDIA's, share price to rise rapidly. For most small and medium enterprises, more than one million
of capital investment is a huge burden.
2. AI products still need to be decoded by neural network after launching. The larger the number of users,
the greater the amount of calculation required, hence pushing up the cost. Consequently, the user access
frequency in different time periods will also change, and one-time purchase of a large number of computing
resources will inevitably result in idle resources.
3. The three elements of artificial intelligence are computing power, algorithm, and data. The amount of data
is an important factor affecting the index of artificial intelligence products. Companies that make artificial intelligence products need to continually annotate low-quality data or directly purchase high-quality data, but most
data involve the issue of user privacy, and data providers only hope that the data are not duplicated. They just sell
the right to use the data, but not sell ownership, which is now almost impossible to do. Because the data receiver
cannot access the data, it is impossible to train the data.

1.2 Brief Description of DeepBrain Chain
Using blockchain technology, we have developed a distributed, low-cost and privacy-protecting AI computing platform that aims to address the pain points of the industry The AI computing nodes in our network can
take multiple forms, including full-function nodes (permanent nodes) composed of large GPU or FPGA server
clusters, independent nodes composed of idle GPU servers owned by small and medium-sized companies, and
idle GPUs owned by individuals. Mining nodes earn their income from two sources: AI processing fees paid by
AI companies in exchange for computing power and mining rewards from the system, calculated based on our
reward algorithm. Transactions are based on smart contracts, carried out using our crypto utility token, DBC.
Mining nodes will be incentivized by a reward system based on smart contracts. We seek to ensure that the
system is secure, safe,and that every participant in the system benefits. AI companies in particular will benefit .

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 04

from accessing neural network computing power at a competitive cost. We believe DeepBrain Chain will
become one of the central platforms in the AI industry, with the capability to scale and provide enough computing resources to power tens of millions or even billions of AI instances, for use in both projects and products.
Projects may be limited term or ongoing research using AI, but the network power can also be used to power
processing for AI-based products, which required cloud power for ongoing processing – an example might be
a product for the home that uses cloud-AI power. Some cloud AI will move to dedicated chips, but the AI IoT (AI
Internet of Things) will have an increasing demand for all kinds of processing, including flexible processing that
exceeds the limitations of chips.
Our vast network potential will help to support the AI industry through providing cost effective, scalable and
sustainable AI resources.

Chapter 2 Design Concept of DeepBrain Chain
2.1 Design Thinking of DeepBrain Chain
Since 2016, we have been thinking about the application of blockchain in the field of artificial intelligence, in
order to solve the pain faced by artificial intelligence factories. In April 2017, we released the DeepBrain platform
and completed the underlying algorithm design and application of artificial intelligence operating system.
Currently, more than 100 manufacturers and 200,000 users have connected to more than 500 models of smart
devices. In August 2017, we released a draft of DeepBrain Chain's white paper, studied, and solved the artificial
intelligence problems related to blockchain with enthusiasts in the blockchain community, together building the
next generation artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain.
As for DeepBrain Chain's design, we think about the following principles:
1. Extended principle: In DeepBrain Chain, each module should be loosely coupled. It should be easy to add
new modules to come in, and each module’s own updates should not need other module's interface changes.
2. Stretching principle: Customer access to DeepBrain Chain should be flexible. If there is a large number of
users accessing a node, it will inevitably bring service breakdown to the node, so the container of the node itself
should be automatically deployed. When there is a pressure of user requests, it should realize the horizontal
expansion quickly.
3. Privacy principle: All participants of the DeepBrain Chain ecosystem, mining nodes, artificial intelligence
manufacturers, and data providers, can get privacy protection. Participants can selectively open according to their
own needs.

2.2 Advantages

1. Low cost: one of the most important contributions that DeepBrain Chain can bring to AI companies is to
solve their problem of high computing power cost. Because of our unique model, every node derives 70% of its
income from mining and 30% from the training fees paid by AI companies. In other words, AI companies only pay
30% of the cost.

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 05

2. Neural network computing performance optimization: DeepBrain Chain focuses on serving AI companies. All the current AI products are developed using deep neural networks as their core algorithm. DeepBrain
Chain performs computing optimization on CUDA-based GPUs, and integrates mainstream deep learning
frameworks such as TensorFlow (Google), Caffe (Facebook), CNTK (Microsoft), etc..
3. High concurrency: AI companies have a massive user base, which means DeepBrain Chain has to be able
to provide high-performance computation for huge number of users. We use a unique load balancing technique to make sure node containers cooperate and share the concurrent pressure.
4. Low latency: all user requests must be responded to in seconds, which means every module in DeepBrain
Chain has to be able to respond immediately and consume as few resources as possible. The one exception is
ongoing neural network training.
5. Privacy protection: we should be able to protect the privacy of every participant in the ecosystem. The
goal is that every participant can freely decide to what extent they want their information to be made public.
We do this through encryption algorithms and sensible separation of data ownership and data usage rights.
6. Elastic supply: network demand for AI resources is variable. There are peak times when demand can be
significantly higher than normal. Thus we have to be able to effectively handle a sudden spike in demand. Our
roadmap includes elastic expansion technology that allows containers to be automatically and rapidly deployed
to idle nodes as a method of load balancing.
7. Automatic maintenance: in order to maximize uptime for customers, the system will be able to issue
alerts when there is something wrong with a node container and remove it from the system while adding a
functional one in its place. It will also be capable of notifying the AI processing provider (the “AI miner”) when
there is an issue, to maximize revenue.

2.3 Build Artificial Intelligence Ecosystem Around DeepBrain Chain
DeepBrain Chain realizes the decentralized supply of core computing capability of artificial intelligence, but
artificial intelligence, in addition to computing power, also needs algorithms and data. Data are trained to be the
model while the algorithm, with the model, generates artificial intelligence applications. Therefore, DeepBrain
Chain in the future will derive AI data trading platform, AI algorithm trading platform, AI model trading platform,
AI container trading platform, and AI application trading platform. AI application trading platform has a certain
scale: there are hundreds of AI skills applications on DeepBrain, which can be sold to users. In addition, the DeepBrain Chain ecosystem will help the artificial intelligence manufacturers to issue their own virtual currency globally, and the virtual currency of the manufacturer can be freely exchanged with DBC.

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 06

Chapter 3 DeepBrain Chain Platform
3.1 NEO Smart Contract
NEO is a distributed computing bottom system based on blockchain technology, with open source and
public maintenance. It provides a decentralized Turing complete virtual machine to support the operation of
smart contract. As the most mature platform to support smart contract in the market, the community is very
active and the foundation runs well. DeepBrain Chain will release DeepBrain Coin based on NEO and run the
DeepBrain Coin issuing algorithm on the smart contract of NEO.
The DeepBrain Chain team will make DBC in a unified way on the blockchain application registration in order
to ensure that once the asset is confirmed by the smart contract, all data would be open, transparent, and
non-tamperable. Hence, DBC is a fully reliable data sharing asset allowing fully reliable transactions. There will be
no false assets or sham transactions.

3.2 DeepBrain Chain Architecture
3.2.1 Overall Framework
Nodes in the DeepBrain Chain network can be large nodes in the form of mining pools, medium-sized nodes
or node mining using Azure or Aliyun (Alicloud), and high-performance home computers. Miners can join the
system by installing our software and having the basic AI operating environment in place to mine DBC. AI companies upload data and models needed for neural network computation to our decentralized storage network, then
submit neural network computing requests containing container image’s name, data index and models index
to DeepBrain Chain’s client and make sure they have enough of the AI utility token, DBC. Qualified nodes will
compete to deploy the images and nodes that have successfully deployed the images will get DBC rewards.

introduction 07

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

AI Manufacturer A

AI Manufacturer B

Submit the neural network
Calculate the demand to the DeepBrain Chain client,
and there is a corresponding number of DBC gas stored

DBC PC
wallet client

DBC website
wallet client

Mining nodes

The client packages the requirements into docker
image and broadcasts to a DeepBrain Chain network

Small mining nodes

Small mining nodes

Mining nodes

Mining nodes

Mining nodes

Mining nodes

Mining nodes

Mining nodes

Mining nodes

Mining nodes

Mining nodes

Mining nodes

Medium-sized mining nodes

Large mining nodes

The nodes that meet the requirements will compete to deploy docker image,
and eventually successful deployment of image nodes will result in token rewards.
DeepBrain Chain Frame Layout

3.2.2 Mining node architecture

DBC wallet client
Network management engine
Identity authentication

Identity authentication

Providing network connections

Computing engine
Data storage

Identity authentication

Identity service engine
Mining node frame

Identity authentication

Docker management system

Database service engine
Identity authentication

Storage management system
Save disk file

Search disk file

Identity authentication

Interface management

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 08

1）Computing engine
A computing engine is a set of controllers including a computational emitter and a container computing
engine.
Computational emitter: After the container has been deployed successfully, the verification calculation is
done, and the calculation is passed. The emitter will broadcast to the whole network, and the broadcast contains
fields:
Struct{
Timestamp：Total number of seconds from Greenwich time 00:00:00 January 01, 1970 to now Address：
Successfully deployed node wallet account
Id：image ID number
}
Image computing engine DCEngine：for managing the entire lifecycle of container instances for a single
user or a group of users, providing virtual services according to users’needs , and the creation, pause, adjustment, migration, restart, destruction of and other operations to containers. When the user requests the calculation
of specific value of distribution amount of container capacity (set by user), the container calculation engine will
start the alarm and will start to automate the deployment of container expansion into other normal nodes. First,
the configuration file is read, the configuration parameters are read, the initialization message queue is configured according to the configuration, and then the internal message interaction is carried out with other components later. At the same time, the DB server according to the configuration item in the configuration file is started,
and a server corresponding to each API in the configuration file is configured. According to the system GPU core
number n, each DB server will have n process to deal with the request.
Def main():
Config.parse_args(sys.argv)
Loggin.setup(“DBEngine”);
Utils.monkey_patch()
Gmr.textDBMediation.setup_autorun(version)
Launcher=service.process_launcher()
For api in CONF.enabled_apis:
Should_use_ssl=api in CONF.enabled_ssl_apis
If api == ‘db2’:
Server =service.DBService(api,use_ssl=should_use_ssl,max_url_len=16384)
Else:
Server =service.DBService(api,use_ssl=should_use_ssl)
Launcher.launch_service(server,workers=server.workes or 1)
Launcher.wait()

introduction 09

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

2）Image Management System
A virtual container image lookup and retrieval system has the functions of creating mirror image, uploading
mirror image, deleting mirror image, and editing basic information of mirror image.

Client A

Client B

Docker management API

Docker
management
register

Docker management DB

Storage adapters

IPFS

Swift

File system

Docker management system

Image management system is mainly composed of image management API and image management
register. Image management API is the entrance of the image management system service, responsible for
receiving the user's API request. The image management register deals with image metadata related requests.
When the image management API receives the user's API request, if it is determined that the request is associated with metadata, the request is forwarded to the image management register service. Then the image management register parses the contents of the user metadata request, accesses, and updates the metadata of the
image interactively with the database.
3）Storage management system
A large scale extendable system for storing objects through built-in redundancy and high fault-tolerant
mechanisms allows storage or retrieval of files, providing image storage of the image systems.

introduction 10

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

Client A

Client B

Storage management system API

AMQP message queue

Storage management system
Dispatching service

Storage management system
Backup service

Storage management system
Volume service

Back end storage system
Storage management system

Storage management system consists of four parts. API server: Storage management system API is the
main service interface, which is responsible for receiving and processing the external API request, putting the
request into the AMQP message queue, and then executing it by the back-end. Dispatching service: The task of
the task queue is processed, and the appropriate volume service node is selected according to the predetermined policy to perform the task. Volume service: The service runs on the storage node, manages storage space,
processes read and write requests of maintenance status of storage management system database, and interacts with other processes through the message queue and directly in the block storage device or software. Each
storage node has a volume service, and several such storage nodes join together to form a storage resource
pool. Backup service: This provides services to back up the volume of the storage management system to the
backup storage device.
4）Identity service engine
This is to provide authentication, service rules, and service tokens to other modules of DeepBrain Chain and
to manage commands, projects, users, groups, and roles.
5）Network management engine
This is to provide network virtualization technology and network connectivity services to other services in

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 11

DeepBrain Chain, providing interfaces to service users that can define networks, subnets, virtual IP addresses, load balancing, and so on.
6）Database service engine
This is to provide extensible and reliable relational and non-relational database service engine to users in
DeepBrain Chain environment.

Chapter 4 DeepBrain Chain Mining and Privacy Protection
4.1 Mining Smart Contracts
4.1.1 Reward for successful competition deployment

Miners derive most of their income from mining DBC. Depending on their contribution, nodes will be
rewarded every hour. Only nodes that have successfully deployed containers and remain functional throughout
the period will get rewards.
New nodes that successfully deploy images for the first time will have a 1%.*95% probability to get rewards
and nodes that exit in the midst of training will not get rewards. Instead, they will be punished and their probability of getting rewards in the next 100 hours will be reduced to 1%*1%. Probability of existing nodes that successfully deploy images to get rewards is 99%*99%. Nodes that exit in the midst of training will not get rewards.
Instead, they will be punished and their probability of getting rewards in the next 100 hours will be reduced to
99%*1%;
Actual reward Count = probability * computing power contribution/ sum of computing power of all nodes

4.1.2 Mining algorithm
I. Release of model algorithm
Researchers have developed a new model for an AI application, opened source and packaged into a DeepBrain Chain (Resource A: model algorithm), provided operating environment and input and output data format
standard (Resource B: json description file), and can choose to submit training / testing tasks with public datasets
(Resource C: pre-trained model / Resource D: evaluation reference). When the released model is used by others,
the publisher can share the token (basic fee).
II. The release of training / testing tasks
Select published model algorithms, publish data, and publish training / test tasks after packing data. These
can be displayed before submission:
a. Estimated price = Model algorithm training or testing unit cost * Run steps (upper limit can be set) + Basic
cost of model algorithm

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 12

b. Available nodes + expected queuing time
Unit cost = Averagei (Averagej (Model J unit cost * the speed of node i running model J) / Current model
running speed)
The unit costs of all model algorithms are adjusted dynamically, which makes all nodes get the same overall
returns throughout running different models.
After the completion of the task, the transaction gets recorded on the block.
III. Automatically receive and run training / test tasks
Receiving the broadcast of the task in DeepBrain Chain and other nodes running state, the node will create
a block every other time and select the task to run according to the algorithm.
For the final reward, in addition to the cost paid by the task publisher, the total “amount of calculation” in
the current block = ∑ Model algorithm training or testing unit cost * running steps will be summed after completion of the task. The total pool of each block is fixed and assigned to each node according to the proportion. Node
allocation algorithm：
Task publishers hope that the task will be completed as soon as possible; the people running task nodes
want to maximize revenue.
Therefore, we use reinforcement learning to maximize the expected revenue of all nodes:

rti= Returns obtained at node i at moment t
γ is discount factor
Rj is the reward for mission J
tj is the time point for the completion of task j
The algorithm is divided into two parts:
The Q function Q (S, A) is constructed to predict the expected revenue of nodes to take action A under the
state S.
a) State S contains the hardware and historical performance of the node as well as the current running state
of the node.
b) Action A includes running one of the currently available model algorithms and not running any task to
remain idle.
Deep Q learning is used to train the parameters in the Q function. For all nodes taking action in time t, the
global optimal solution is found by beamsearch approximation.
Design logic:
The publishers of driver model algorithm publish more models that people will use to get more returns.
Task publishers will spontaneously choose better model algorithms and at the same time use unit cost to
punish model algorithms with unnecessarily large computation.
Miners will optimize hardware to get higher returns based on current popular model algorithms and their
unit costs.
Within the unit time, the total return of mining is fixed.

introduction 13

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

4.2 AI Companies’ Fees
The amount of DBC AI companies have to pay will be calculated on the basis of the number of floating points
operations, neural network units occupied, disk space occupied, the memory used and the traffic consumed
within a specified time. The actual fees can be negotiated by and between AI companies and miners, but they
cannot be below a certain threshold. When all conditions are set, miners have to compete to deploy containers.

4.3 Data privacy protection

Seller
Mutual
evaluation

Purchaser

Data set

Smart
contract setting
Successful
purchaser will
go into DeepBrain Chain for
training

Decentralized
trading platform

Training
algorithm

Anonymous
node container

Computing
engine

model
The model can't be copied
Can only be used inside the
DeepBrain Chain

Client
request

Anonymous
node container

If the data seller wants to get revenue from selling data, he doesn't want to reveal the user's privacy to the
purchaser who bought the data or sell it to others. While it is possible to trade in the DeepBrain Chain's built-in
decentralized data trading platform, the data buyers on the trading platform cannot receive directly; instead, the
data are sent directly to the anonymous node container of DeepBrain Chain to be trained, and the trained model
will also be sent directly to the anonymous node container that the computing engine is working on. Data buyers
cannot copy data from the node to the outside in the process of training data and using the model. On the flip
side, the seller can verify whether the anonymous node container cheats to output raw data or variant data of the
original data by client request. Finally, the seller and the buyer can score each other.

4.4 DeepBrain Chain: Bottom-layer Blockchain
As the underlying public chain for AI, DeepBrain Chain is essentially building an AI infrastructure and from
that a smart economy ecosystem. In this ecosystem, there are suppliers and consumers of AI computing power, AI
algorithms and AI data. They transact via smart contracts. This ecosystem also requires a governor who sets rules
to maintain the smooth operation of the it.
Key features of the bottom-layer blockchain:

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 14

1. Using the Matrix platform and the software architecture characteristic of Topic subscription+event-driven+processor, aided by high-performance asynchronous architecture to support the outstanding
performance of the blockchain;
2. The multi-chain framework is composed of one main blockchain and several working chains. The main
blockchain contains the schema definition of all working chains and there is no limit on the number of working
chains. Working chains comprise of sharding blockchains and support unlimited sharding.
3. DeepBrain Chain’s communication transmission uses a self-encoded two-layer transport protocol or
two-layer encrypted transport protocol to reduce network bandwidth. This codec-based protocol of different
message packages on the same link can change freely, making transport more secure.
4. Multi-layer network: on the basis of the P2P network, we are building a multi-layer network and introducing SN relay nodes. Message routing uses a multi-layer network message routing mechanism to speed up the
dissemination of messages. SN nodes are geographically dispersed and the network topology changes dynamically to improve the robustness of the network against DDoS attacks to reduce security risks.
5. Network consensus mechanism: we use a hybrid consensus mechanism combing DPOS(Delegated Proof
of Stake) and POI(Proof of Importance), meaning both users’ stake and their contribution to the network will be
taken into account when making assessments.
Processing is done in a multi-layer, process-as-they-come method, via the consensus, verification and storage layers to make the entire network is more elastic.

introduction 14

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

Chapter 5 Token Sale Public Sell Rules
5.1 Token Launch

Maximum supply of DBC is 10 billion, among which mining produces 50%. The founding team believe that
DeepBrain Chain is a project that has been verified by the market, has huge market scale and significant application value, lets the process and economic value associated, and is gradually issued with the core business sharing
storage and the mechanism of computation capacity of mining.

5.2 Token Allocation Scheme

Pu r p o s e

P ro p o r t i o n

Quant ity

Remarks

9%

0.9 bi l lion DBC

For public Token Sale

DeepBrain Chain
foundation and ecosystem

25%

2.5 bi l lion DBC

Unlock 10% in the first month after launching
in the market, and unlock the remaining 10%
each year, total lock-peroid of 10 years

Pre-sale

6%

600 mi l lion DBC

Sell use rights of DeepBrain Chain ecological
service to influential professional investors or
artificial intelligence manufacturers

DeepBrain Chain team

10%

1 bi l lion DBC

Unlock 10% in the first month after launching
in the market, and unlock the remaining 10%
each year, total lock-peroid of 10 years

Mining production

50%

Token Sale public of fering

5 bi l lion DBC

In the first 5 years of mining, 500 million DBC
is produced each year, and the income is
reduced every 5 years by half

5.3 Token Sale Rule Description
In different public sale periods, there will be different preferential rates, which should be based on the
official version when the Token Sale is officially launched. Hardcap is 30,000 ETH or around $12million. Softcap is
12,000 ETH or equivalent NEO. We will calculate the exchange ratio around 1 weeks after the Token Sale sales are
completed. The corresponding number of DBC will be allocated according to the stage of the participant. After
the completion of allocation, we will support wallets and trading on third party exchanges in about 2 weeks. The
specific time will be disclosed by the founding team. The number of tokens in each stage is as follows: (quantity
will be adjusted according to the market price of mainstream currency)

introduction 15

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

DBC Sale on unofficial website
To ke n S a l e c y c l e

Fi rst stage 40%

Second stage 40%

Th i rd stage 20%

1ETH

40000

37360

34000

D i scou nt

15%

9%

0

Pe r i o d

1NEO equivalent DBC

Discount

Pe r p e r s o n l i m i t

1st hour

3000

27%

1000NEO

2nd to 6th hour

2900

24%

1000NEO

6th to 12th hour

2800

21%

1000NEO

12th to 24th hour

2700

19%

2000NEO

1st to 3rd day

2600

15%

5000NEO

3rd to 8th day

2400

8%

10000NEO

8th to 30th day

2200

0%

unlimited

DBC Sale on official website

5.4 Token Sale Risk Comparison
In order to give benefit to Token Sale participants, create a good and orderly market atmosphere, and create
valuable projects, mining will eventually produce 50% of the total supply. The following is the comparison
between DeepBrain Chain and other Token Sales.

Category

DeepBrain Chain

Other common Token Sale

Whether there is the
issue of mining

50% mining production

No, mostly 100% issue

Team proportion

A total of 10%

High proportion, more than 30%

Earnings expectation

Value investment, already landed project

Speculation is the most, and there
are few landing projects

Famous investor
blessing

GSR Ventures, Gobi Partners ,and Qian Shi
Investment 32,000,000RMB

Most of them don't have early investors

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 16

Chapter 6 Progress and Plan
6.1 Development History
Time axis

Ev e n t / m i l e s t o n e

January 2012

The f i rst C hi ne se voi ce assi stant cal le d “smar t 360” was release d

January 2013

The first artificial intelligence semantic open platform- Semantic cloud oriented APP domain
was released

June 2013

“ s m a r t 3 6 0 ” had more than 10 million users, becoming the first third-party voice assistant to
break through tens of millions of users

June 2014

The world's first artificial intelligence speakers- “ s m a l l z h i ” super speakers (Amazon Echo
released on December 2014) was released, equipped with semantic cloud brain

June 2014

Member of Council of China Electronic Acoustics Association

December 2015

“ s m a l l z h i ” housekeeper robot was released, equipped with semantic cloud brain 2.0

December 2015

CEO Feng He, won the title of innovative figures in Shanghai computer industry

March 2016

“ s m a l l z h i ” housekeeper robot and HTC Vive virtual reality helmet received CHINABANG
award and 2016 annual Innovation Awards together

April 2017

New upgraded on semantic cloud, released the brand new cloud brain platform named “DeepBrain”

May 2017

Started a project which researched cloud brain artificial intelligence operating system by
blockchain technology Set up blockchain laboratory, based on blockchain application architecture research and development

May 2017

DeepBrain stationed in Institute of Artificial Intelligence, Nansha District, Guangzhou,
to build AI cloud OS

May 2017

DeepBrain skills platform has more than 1000 skills. It is the first manufacturer of artificial
intelligence skills platform in China

June 2017

32 million CNY of angel investment of GSR Investment, Gobi Partners,
and Chance Investment

July 2017

1. DeepBrain Chain platform skills store HTML5 version was released, allowing consumers to
freely add skills for AI hardware
2. DeepBrain Chain Token Sale white paper 0.6 was released

August 2017

Won the first prize in the business community of SMP2017 Chinese man-machine dialogue
evaluation of the Harbin Institute of Technology AI evaluation, while more than 30 domestic
top artificial intelligence teams participated in the competition

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 17

6.2 Roadmap
Time axis

August 2017

Time / milestone
1. DeepBrain Chain Token Sale white paper 1.0 was released
2. Started Pre Token Sale program

1. R & D team moved to new office in Hongqiao Tian Street in Hongqiao business circles of Shanghai.
2. It was invited to participate in China's AI 30 people closed door forum and interpretation of the State

September 2017

Council's notice of new generation of artificial intelligence development planning " internal seminar
in Beijing
3. It was invited to participate in the “digital asset summit"

1. Complete Pre Token Sale Roadmap
2. Token Sale and complete Token Sale recruitment
3. DeepBrain set up a joint laboratory with Shanghai branch of Chinese Academy of Sciences

2017 Q4

4. On October was invited to participate in the “First Global Financial Technology and Block Chain China
Summit 2017"
5. The first phase of the DeepBrain Chain is completed based on the NEO contract, and the tokens are issued
6. Support to charge and withdraw coins, DBC assets to be launched on the third party exchange
7. Project quarterly key information disclosure
8. DeepBrain Chain promotion and vendor access

1. Completion of development of core layer architecture and key components, completion of development of the DBC AI TestNet, and building internal testing environment
2. Support test users’ submission of AI training requests to DBC AI TestNet and finishing training in
the TestNet
3. Development of the community contribution & reward system on the official website of DeepBrain

2018 Q1

Chain
4. Completion of the first round of global meetup (Dublin, Hamburg, Amsterdam and San Francisco)
5. DBC communities in 50 countries and steady growth of the official communities’ size : Telegram,
Reddit, Twitter
6. Attendance to one global blockchain summit every month (Blockchain Connect Conference in San
Francisco on January 26th)

1. Finishing development of features including AI users management, group management, role
management and authorization management
2. Finishing integration of DBC AI TestNet with blockchain
3. Finishing development and testing of the internal DBC network environment

2018 Q2

4. June 30th Launch of Skynet TestNet
5. Second round of global meetup
6. DBC communities in 100 countries and steady growth of communities’ size : Telegram, Reddit,
Twitter
7.

Attending one global blockchain summit every month on average

8. Starting cooperation with at least 1 famous universities or organizations on blockchain or AI

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

Time axis

introduction 18

Time / milestone
1. Further improvement on and testing of the blockchain network and test by key users
2. Support integration and deployment of various deep learning engine frameworks
3. Support release of new model algorithms and selection amongst existing algorithms, packaging data
4. and putting out training/testing assignments
5. Support DBC AI mining and reward system
6. Support monitoring and statistics analysis of the DBC network
7. Support AI users performing AI computations on DBC network
8. Support DBC network security

2018 Q3

9. August 8th - officially Launch the AI Training MainNet and DBC Token Utilization to Buy and Sell AI Computing
Power. The AI Training MainNet is a core function in DeepBrain Chain R&D team's development, it is a platform that
consolidates computing resources and carry out matchmaking for computing power provider and computing
power requester
10. Launch of the Community Contribution & Reward System on the official website of DeepBrain Chain
11. Third round of global meet-up
12. DBC communities in 100 countries and steady growth of community size: Telegram, Reddit, Twitter
13. Attendance to one global blockchain summit every month
14. Cooperation with more famous universities or organizations on blockchain or AI
15. Investment in several promising blockchain and AI startups
1. Further improve the blockchain network
2. Support better interaction and deployment of deep learning engine frameworks
3. Support AI users to rate AI task execution results
4. Support API open to third party users
5. Further improvement on DBC network security
6. Late October - Add in AI Computing Mining feature into AI Training MainNet

2018 Q4

7. Late December - using more blockchain technology to power AI Training MainNet
8. Smooth running of the Community Contribution & Reward System on the official website of DeepBrain Chain
9. Fourth round of global meet-up
10. DBC communities in 100 countries and steady growth of community size : Telegram, Reddit, Twitter
11. Attendance to one global blockchain summit every month
12. Cooperation with more famous universities or organizations on blockchain or AI
13. Investment in more promising blockchain and AI startups

1. Further improve the blockchain network and update based on user feedback and community requests
2. Support AI data transaction and rating
3. Support AI data encryption and privacy protection
4.

2019 Q1

Optimization of the Community Contribution & Reward System on the official website of DeepBrain Chain and

Alpha test of the Community Honor System
5. Fifth round of global meetup
6. DBC communities in even more countries and steady growth of the community size: Telegram, Reddit, Twitter
7. Attendance to one global blockchain summit and one DevCon every month
8. Cooperation with more famous universities or organizations on blockchain or AI and investment in more blockchain and AI startups

2019 Q2

Launch of Data, Model, Software Image Marketplace

introduction 19

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

Chapter 7 Fund Use
As the world's first blockchain based artificial intelligence operating system, we are both the founder of the
new model, but also the industry benchmark. The purpose of this Token Sale sale is mainly:

1. Consolidate the first brand position of DeepBrain Chain industry
Optimize DeepBrain Chain system performance, promote marketing, network at home and
abroad so that more manufacturers know DeepBrain Chain, and support the use of artificial intelligence business global Token Sale of DeepBrain Chain
2. Harness blockchain technology to create more valuable assets
Our goal is to redefine the artificial intelligence operating system with blockchain technology,
and to believe that blockchain and artificial intelligence are in line with the technology and scale
expectations of the future development of the project. Blockchain + artificial intelligence will change
all aspects of our lives.
3. More efficient return to mining nodes contributors and Token Sale sale supporters
The project team will set up a DeepBrain Chain fund for Token Sale public funds for earmarking,
and develop a public disclosure mechanism by cycle, with timely disclosure of details of uses.

Token Sale Capital Use Plan
Category

Proportion

Illustration

Employ advanced technical personnel; Set up blockchain laboratory with internaTechnology
research and
development

55%

tional first-class universities; Performance optimization and upgrade of DeepBrain
Chain system; DeepBrain Chain ecological strategic investment, and create the first
specific application case of DeepBrain Chain

Market
promotion

25%

Daily operation

10%

Media advertising investment and brand promotion; With users, factories,
and developers, promote the interpretation and widespread use of DeepBrain Chain
Office expenses, travel expenses, transportation fees, conference fees, business
entertainment expenses, fees of office equipment, servers, and so on
Encourage supporters to spontaneously establish regional DeepBrain Chain

Community
incentive

8%

applications and communicate with communities, and continue to maintain
the community's activity, collect suggestions of the majority of supporters to promote
the healthy development of the DeepBrain Chain platform

Intellectual
property right

2%

Patent fees, trademark fees, copyright fees, high and new technology certification
and expert exchange at home and abroad

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 20

Chapter 8 About the Team

He Yong
CEO
He Yong is the CEO of DeepBrain Chain. He was once enrolled in a Ph.D. program at East
China Normal University and Chinese Academy of Sciences.
As an artificial intelligence expert, he holds the title of Innovation Character of the Shanghai
computer industry. He started research on bitcoin and blockchain technology in 2014.
Proficient in product design and machine learning algorithms, he is the inventor of the
intelligent semantic error correction engine used for much of game translation.
He Yong is among the first batch of entrepreneurs in the field of artificial intelligence in
China. He has presided over the research and development of the first Chinese voice assistant,
Smart 360, whose registered users exceeded 17 million, He also led the development of the
world's first artificial intelligence speakers half a year earlier than Amazon Echo. He also oversaw
the development of the country's first "cloud of the brain" system, DeepBrain. He led the DeepBrain Chain team to win an innovation and creativity award in ZhongGuancun's Second Blockchain Competition in 2017.

Chuanfeng Lee
CMO
He has a Master's in Architectural from the Research Institute of MCC Group. Lee is the director of
the China Audio Association and a founding member of Advanced Audio and Video Industry
Association of Pudong New Area. He is also the founding director of Intelligent Workshop. He is
among the first batch of entrepreneurs in the field of artificial intelligence in China. On behalf of
the company, he won the first prize of Innovation China (Shanghai Division) in 2012. He also led
the marketing team to achieve more than 17 million registered users for the first Chinese voice
assistant, Smart 360. He is a columnist for a number of technical media sites in China, publishing
many articles on the development of artificial intelligence products and blockchain industry
analysis. This gives him much industry influence.

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 21

Dongyan Wang
Chief AI Officer, Executive VP of DeepBrain Chain Silicon
Valley AI + Blockchain Research Center
Dr. Wang has almost 20 years of Silicon Valley experience in artificial intelligence, business
intelligence and data science, leading world class, industry award winning, global high-tech
organizations as senior executive for Global Fortune 500 enterprises (Cisco, NetApp, Midea
Group, Samsung) and a successful startup. He has extensive experience in AI platform, AI
products, AI business applications, advanced analytics, data science, big data, and a great
variety of cloud and on-premise enterprise applications.
Prior to joining DeepBrain Chain, Dr. Wang was the global AI leader and VP, GM of Midea
Emerging Technology Center (Silicon Valley) and AI Research Institute (Shenzhen, China) for
Midea Group, a Fortune global 500 enterprise and #2 largest consumer electronics company in
the world. He was responsible for the overall AI vision, strategy, architecture, roadmap & execution of AI technology and business solutions for Midea’s AI products in Smart home, intelligent
manufacturing, robotics and business applications.
Prior to Midea, Dr. Wang was the Chief Operating Officer & SVP of Grand Intelligence, a
Silicon Valley consulting firm specialized in AI+BI (a term first invented by Dongyan in 2009),
deep learning, machine learning, analytics, data science and big data solutions. Before that, Dr.
Wang held senior executive and manager positions in other Fortune 500 companies like
NetApp, Cisco Systems and Samsung America, leading large, complex enterprise wide data
analytics, machine learning, business intelligence, security and other enterprise initiatives. Dr.
Wang was responsible for 350 people global organizations with annual budget of $40+ Million
USD.
In addition to leading his team and winning numerous industry awards, such as #8 worldwide in AI Challenger 2017, TDWI (The Data Warehouse Institute), Intelligence Enterprise
RealWare Award, Information Week 500, InfoWorld 100 Awards, and Oracle BI/BPM innovation
award, Dr. Wang holds more than 10 granted US granted US patents, 10+ international patents,
and 30+ pending patents mostly in AI.

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 22

Christine Chang
VP of Marketing
The Co-Founder of Silicon Valley RobotX Incubator. Obtained Marketing and Project
Management professional skills from UC Berkeley 2013 program. She was the Director of
Global App Marketing in Cheetah Mobile America, who was in charge of the product marketing
in North American, European and Middle Eastern markets. Throughout the years of experiences of bridging Chinese and American enterprises, she has assisted Chinese companies to
globalize. Christine has built in-depth relationship with entrepreneurs within the two biggest
economic entities in the world.

Jason Pai
Sr. Director of Product Management
Jason Pai brings forward over 15 years of experience with hardware development and
product management with Supermicro, IBM, and Ford Motor. He introduced an industry-leading AI product line for Supermicro by improving bandwidth and latency performance for
device-to-device communication. Also, in partnership with Nvidia, he brought first-to-market Nvlink technology which improves Deep Learning training by increasing over
peer-to-peer bandwidth over five times the PCIe 3.0 counterparts. His portfolio has gained
traction with the large Deep Learning communities, who leverages these servers as the
backbone for their AI training computation. Supermicro has now jumped to third in volume,
but for parallel GPU servers his portfolio leads in volume globally. Jason holds two Master
degrees, from New York University Stern School of Business for Business Analytics, and from
Fulton school of Engineering at Arizona State for Industrial Engineering focused on Management of Technology and Operation Research.

Brian Xu
Chief Data Scientist
Proven skills and experiences in solving complex real-world problems, creating innovative software solutions for new products and services by developing Big Data Analytics, AI,
machine learning, Deep Learning, etc. Won 8 federal R&D contracts based on best innovations
as sole PI. Having built and led teams (~10 scientists) to complete over 15 federal contracts (>
$10M, 2005~08). Extensive experience in software with over 48 products (AI, ML, data analytics, etc.) and intelligent solutions as a tech lead since 1998. Having done 20 programs
($5M~$50M/Y) for big customers (Boeing, DARPA, etc.), developed 25 commercial products
(Intel, etc.) since 2005. Had over 38 technical papers and USA patents, and 76 technical
presentations. Currently, integrating AI with Blockchain for new solutions.

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 23

Haisong Gu
Sr. Director of AI Applications for Computer Vision & Robotics
Dr. Gu has over 30 years of experience in R&D with AI, Vision and Robotics. Prior to joining
DeepBrain Chain, Dr. Gu was the Division Manager and Senior Manager of Konica-Minolta and
Midea, leading the AI teams in successfully creating DL PF for Image, Video and document
analytics; launched an AI based cancer diagnosis system, which was recognized as one of the
national 2020 strategic technologies in Japan; developed AI visual inspection technologies for
electronic, auto, food and home appliance industries.
Since Joining in Computer Vision and AI lab as a graduate student from 1985, Dr. Gu
participated in and led pioneer AI development projects, including video analytic training
system for Chinese National diving team in the 80’s; 3D vision based bin-picking intelligent
robot for Panasonic in the 90’s(received the "Automation Technology Award" in Japan); facial
expression of driver fatigue detection for Ford, first Intelligent video surveillance solutions for
SFO and 2010 Shanghai Expo in 00’s; and DL based High sensitive tissue analytics in the
10’s. He is the first author to have published more than 30 research papers (in PAMI and
CVPR) while holding 20 granted patents (17 pendings) of US, Japan and China.
Dr. Gu holds a Ph.D. degree from Osaka University and had worked as professor and
researcher in Southeast University, Osaka university, USC, UNR, RPI and Stanford. He is
currently a senior member of the IEEE and was the corporate representative of the IEEE
International Institute of Standards and Technology (IEEE-ISTO).

Sebastian Liu
Director of Marketing & PR
Creative and accomplished digital marketing-branding professional with a strong desire
to excel. Excellent design skills and a high level of artistic ability. Expert knowledge of marketing
and advertising culled from 8 years of hands-on experience in the industry. Prior to joining
DeepBrain Chain, he was the International Marketing Manager at Cheetah Mobile America,
overseeing company’s social marketing and event planning in the North America and Europe
markets. In addition, he was the CCO of Split-Screen Management, directing the entire agency's
creative outputs. He has a degree in Visual Arts / Media from University of California, San Diego.

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 24

Kahlen Ye
Sr. Operations Manager
Highly motivated business operation and sales professional that thrives in fast-paced and
dynamic environments. Prior to the DeepBrain Chain, Kahlen was the Senior Sales Account
Manager of Supermicro, a global leader in high performance, high efficiency server technology
and innovation. She is a seasoned professional with experience in sales operation, marketing
event coordination, business administration, and enterprise sales with a proven track record of
growing businesses under challenging conditions. Throughout the years in the server industry,
she has actively managed end-to-end sales cycles, including customer prospecting, validating
system requirements, design and compliance, and closing negotiations. With experience in
providing expertise in proof of concepts on GPU parallel computing and HPC to top-ranked
academic research institutes, national laboratories, financial organizations, and AI startups, she
has leveraged relationships with key stakeholders and executives of Fortune 500 companies to
successfully introduce cutting-edge enterprise hardware solutions. Her extensive experience in
resellers and channel partners has enabled her to apply industry best practices to improve team
productivity and efficiency, while maintaining a high level of client satisfaction and providing
industry-leading sales and operational support.

Chapter 9 Investment Institutions, Investors and Consultants

9.1 Investment Institutions

Gobi Partners has offices in Shanghai, Beijing, and Southeast Asia, and
is a professional venture capital company focusing on investing in China's
early science and technology projects. Gobi fund's strategic investors
include IBM, Sierra Ventures, The McGraw-Hill Companies, and Steamboat
Ventures (Disney's venture capital sector), etc. It has invested in Tuniu,
Camera360, CloudCare, and other famous start-ups, and is a veteran
investment fund.

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 25

GBIC (Global Blockchain Innovation Center) is a global hub for
blockchain technology that provides investment, human capital, and
resources for the development, acceleration and launch of blockchain projects. We utilize our global network of resources & investors from China,
Russia, Europe & Korea to provide investment and services including Marketing & PR, community building, exchange listings, white paper and token
analysis.

Founded in October 2017,Hong Kong Bite International Capital
focuses on venture investment in and cooperation with companies
engaged in blockchain and cryptocurrency. It has incubated more than 15
good projects, in areas ranging from blockchain bottom protocol technology to AI distributed computing technology.

9.2 Partnership in blockchain technology

The NEO council is a non-profit organization and is the management
organization for its blockchain community. NEO is a digital asset enabled
by blockchain technology and digital identity. NEO is a distributed
network, using smart contracts in an automatic fashion for the management of digital assets in order to carry out “intelligent economy”.

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 26

9.3 Counselors

James Ding
Managing Director of GSR Ventures, Former AsiaInfo co-founder &
CEO. AsiaInfo has assumed the design and construction of China's Internet infrastructure. In March 2000, he led AsiaInfo become the first
high-tech company listed on the NASDAQ in the United States. Currently,
he is a director of AsiaInfo Group and an independent director of Baidu.
Prior to that, he served as chairman, chief executive officer, chief technology officer and vice president of business development at AsiaInfo.
bachelor's in Peking University in 1986 and Master‘s in information
science at the University of California, USA. He invested in Iboxpay,
Skyroam, GEO, Horizon Robot, etc.

Zhiwei Yang
Capital Partner of GSR Ventures, focuses on the Internet, telecommunications, and wireless and payment investment. Former China
Netcom CTO; during his tenure at AsiaInfo, he helped the company
succeed in the Nasdaq IPO. Master‘s in Business Administration from
Guanghua School of Management. Investment projects are iboxpay,
Skyroam, GEO, and so on

Highj Tsien
Partner of Qian Shi Investment, mainly does investment of artificial
intelligence and block chain early project. With 5 years of state-owned
commercial banks practitioners’ background, he helped well-known
housing financing and responsible for a supply chain financial solutions
project of foreign auto parts enterprise. He has 2 years experience working for a state-owned investment management company, worked as
marketing and product design, development, training, road show and so
on. bachelor's in software engineering, Fudan University

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 27

Don Jiang
Management Partner of Gobi Partners, focus on the domestic Internet, tourism and e-commerce field, He has invested in tuniu.com,
Yododo, Zhiyoula, Weilver, the next stop and other tourism related projects, line0.com, Dianwoba, life radius and other O2O enterprises, and
Pingread, Star Wardrobe and other mobile applications products. He was
the website and business planning director of elong tourism network, the
Managing Director of IAC Technology (corporate website and IT service
provider) and has led the team for GE, Ingram Micro, Siemens and other
international top 500 companies and the British Ministry of Industry and
Commerce to successfully implement the website technology-based IT
projects. bachelor's in electrical engineering from Fudan University.

Tangjun Hu
Vice President of Gobi Partners, focuses on domestic cloud computing, vehicle networking, voice recognition and mobile Internet and other
fields. He served as project manager in the Martec Group Management
Consulting Company in the United States of America, whose project
involved traditional industries such as chemical and automotive, as well
as emerging fields of new materials, new energy vehicles, optical communications and consumer electronics, and he served a number of
Fortune 500 companies, including Dow Chemical, Henkel, DuPont, Honeywell, Corning, Sinochem International, China Railway Materials and so
on. bachelor's in chemistry Shanghai Jiaotong University and passed the
CFA level 1 test.

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 28

Jun Zou
Zhongguancun blockchain industry alliance expert, Ph.D. in service contract,
Macquarie University, Australia, MBA of Macquarie Business School, senior cloud
computing expert, concerned about the block chain technology and applications. Former chief architect of the financial department of IBM Australia, the
current CTO of Heiner Cloud Computing co., Ltd. He has years of IT experience,
whose research direction is the block chain of financial technology, regulatory
technology, and block chain consensus algorithm. In 2016 at the IEEE International Conference of Web Services (ICWS) he published block-chain thesis, and
won the best paper award. He won the "President Award" the Macquarie University President awarded, Financial Beijing high-end foreign expert, and published
more than 20 papers in the international conference journals.

Huawei Kong
Director of Institute of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai Branch, partner of
Starting Capital, IC coffee sponsor, italk salon founder; focus on the block chain,
Internet of things, virtual reality, cloud computing, large data and artificial intelligence and other fields, invest in many projects; He holds master's in theoretical
physics from Zhejiang University and bachelor's in theoretical physics from
Peking University.

Chaoyi Xu
Bachelor’s in Chemical from An Hui University. Investment director of
well-known block chain investment institutions. Investment director of Calf VC.
Thirteen years high-tech industry research and management experience. An
angel investor in AI and block chain fields.

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 29

Qiang Chan
Founder of a famous Chinese start-up media.
Engaged in business investment and business service for nearly ten years,
worked for the Shanghai City College of science and technology entrepreneurship
foundation and Shanghai well-known venture capital institutions . Serving more
than thousands early entrepreneurial project, have experienced new media operation experience and resources of venture capital. Tuoniao.Fm media is early
domestic well-known new media in venture capital field, and has got the 2 round
of financing, its market valuation of tens of millions. From the end of 2016, participated in the domestic and foreign more than 10 high-quality block chain project
investment, and at the same time hatching Tuniao block chain Token Sale.tt. Tuoniao is an integrated platform for domestic professional block chain industry.
Recent did incubation services more than 10 high-quality block chain and digital
currency projects, trying to construct the digital currency field of investment
banking services.

Hua Zhang
Lbank CEO, Asia-pacific Representative of Cascadia Blockchain Group
Starting entrepreneurship from 2014 in block chain and digital asset field, is
committed to the block chain applications and finance, payment, trading and
other fields, industry opinion leaders. Awarded annual female CIO 2016 annual
FinTech Jie Pu. bachelor's in Shanghai Jiao Tong University.
Worked for A.T.Kearney,analyst for HuaXia dun& bradstreet、Strategic Consultant for Euromonitor International. Served in the Visa, Mastercard and other
world-renowned financial institutions engaged in financial, payment. Engineering industry analysis and strategic consulting work for the world's top 500 enterprises. Quantitative PE entrepreneurship experience, good at stock, stock index
futures and digital asset analysis and strategy research and development.

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 30

Chapter 10 Voting and Community Governance
10.1 Operating Subject
DeepBrain Chain set up DeepBrain Chain foundation in Singapore. The main task of the foundation is to run
DeepBrain Chain platform openly, fairly, transparently, without profitable purpose, and deeply support the
development team. The foundation is a legally established organization that supports or participates in the
public or private interests without any commercial interests. The profit earned by the fund is called surplus and
will be retained as funds for other activities without allocating profits among its members.

10.2 Governance Structure and Voting
In order to let the DeepBrain Chain foundation make use of the funds and resources in an open, fair, and
transparent way, to constantly promote the rapid development of DeepBrain Chain, to expand the application
scenarios of DeepBrain Chain, and to absorb more institutions, companies, and organizations into the DeepBrain
Chain ecosystem, the foundation sets up the organizational structure as follows:

Decision Committee
The decision committee is the highest decision-making body of the DeepBrain Chain foundation, which
bears the final decision-making function. Members of the decision-making committee are responsible for
review and approval of strategic planning, annual plan, budget, and other important matters, and on behalf of
the foundation vote on the DeepBrain Chain ecological issues. Members of the decision committee and the
chairman of the foundation are in office for two years.

Executive principal
The executive principal is elected by the decision committee and is responsible for the decision committee.
The executive principal will comprehensively implement the relevant resolutions and provisions of the decision
committee, will be responsible for the daily operation of the DeepBrain Chain, will complete the indicators
issued by the company, and will regularly report the implementation to the organization. The executive principal
has the right to set up the necessary functional departments and to recruit the management personnel, responsible for coordinating five departments (technology research and development, product design and manufacture, ecological operation, marketing, and financial personnel) to form an organization and management system
centered on it.

Technology R & D Committee
The technology research and development department is responsible for the development and audit of the
underlying technology. It is the basic department of the foundation. In order to ensure smooth internal sharing
of information, the technology research and development department should exchange information with other
departments (especially product design department), timely adjust the communication project details, and
determine the direction of research and development of the next stage.

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 31

Product Design Committee
The product design department is responsible for enriching and perfecting the product framework provided by the technical department. The department establishes a sustainable concrete development strategy, such
as conducting market research, coordinating product functions, and undertaking UI design and image design of
DeepBrain Chain. Members need to keep abreast of community dynamics, hot spots, and feedback. Members
also need to actively communicate with tokens holders and irregularly organize technical exchanges and other
activities.

Ecological Operations Committee
On the basis of the technical and product sectors, the eco-operations department is responsible for "one
outside one inside." First, the work will be extended to the depths, and the partners will be actively explored.
DeepBrain Chain, end users, and partners will be closely linked to create an open and distributed global ecosystem of privacy protection. Second, the department will strive to build a community within the ecological circle,
form a user community with benign interaction, and let fully symmetrical information flow freely.

Marketing Committee
The marketing department is responsible for promoting the core or derivative products and services of
DeepBrain Chain. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, communication with the media, advertising,
design, user interaction, and so on. The department will work closely with the ecological operations department
and, according to the requirements of partners and end users, develop the most appropriate publicity program.

Financial Personnel Committee
The financial personnel department is responsible for the management of the company's financial affairs
and personnel matters, such as capital management, accounting, cost control, and other aspects of the work. At
the same time, due to the high risk of digital assets projects, the department is also responsible for risk management business, cooperating with other departments for project management, financial risk analysis, and evaluation. In auditing, the existing system is difficult to supervise effectively, because of the particularity of digital
assets and token itself. The decision committee will hire professional auditors with relevant experience to
ensure transparency and openness of DBC use.

Chapter 11 Risk Tips
1. Systematic risk: refers to the possible change in the revenue due to the common factor of the global
factor, which affects the return of all securities in the same way. Take policy risk, for instance. At present, the
country's supervision policy for blockchain project and Token Sale mode financing is not clear, and there is a
certain possibility of loss of participants caused by policy reasons. As for the market risk, if the overall value of
the digital asset market is overestimated, then the investment risk will increase; the participants may expect the
Token Sale project to grow high, but these high expectations may not be realized. At the same time, systemic risk
also includes a series of force majeure factors, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, large-scale failures
of computer networks in the world, and political unrest.

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 32

2. Risk of lack of supervision: Digital asset trading, including DBC, is highly uncertain, due to the lack of
strong supervision in the field of digital asset trading. Meanwhile, electronic token has the risk of soaring, plunging, and being manipulated by the banker. If an individual lacking experience enters the market, it may be difficult to resist the impact of assets and psychological pressure caused by market instability. Although academic
experts and the media sometimes give cautious participation suggestions, there are no written regulatory
methods and provisions introduced, in a way that the current risk is difficult to effectively circumvent.
3. Risk of supervision: It is undeniable that in the foreseeable future, regulations will be introduced to regulate the blockchain economy concerning the electronic token sector. If regulatory bodies regulate the sector, the
tokens purchased during the Token Sale period may be affected, leading to fluctuations or limitations in price
and marketability.
4. Team risk: At present, there are many teams and projects in the blockchain technology field, and the
competition is very fierce. There is a strong market competition and project operation pressure. Whether or not
DeepBrain Chain project can break through many excellent projects and become widely recognized, is not only
linked to its own team capacity and vision planning, but also linked to external factors such as competitors and
even oligarchs in the market. There is a possibility of vicious competition.
5. Risk within team: DeepBrain Chain brings together a team of both vigor and strength, attracting senior
practitioners in the field of blockchain, experts in the field of artificial intelligence, and experienced technical
development personnel, etc. As a pioneer of China's regional blockchain in the field of artificial intelligence
Token Sale, DeepBrain Chain boasts stability and cohesion of the team, which are crucial to the overall development of the project. In the future development nonetheless, note that it is not possible to exclude the possibility
that the team will be negatively affected by the departure of the core personnel and conflicts within the team.
6. Project overall planning and marketing risk: The DeepBrain Chain initiative team will spare no effort to
achieve the development goals outlined in the white paper and extend the growth space of the project. Because
the white paper may be adjusted as the details of the project become updated, if the details of the project
update are not timely obtained by the Token Sale participants, there could be information asymmetry, which
might negatively affect the subsequent development of the project.
7. Project technology risk: First of all, the project is based on cryptographic algorithm, and the rapid development of cryptography is bound to bring potential risks to be cracked. Secondly, while blockchain, distributed
ledger system, decentralization, disagreeing with tampering, and other technologies support the core business
development, DeepBrain Chain team cannot fully guarantee the landing of all of these technologies. Thirdly,
during the process of project updating and adjustment, there may be loopholes, which can be remedied by
releasing patches, but the extent of the impact caused by the vulnerability will be variable.
8. Hacker attack and crime risk: In terms of security, the amount of a single supporter is very small, but the
total number is large, which puts forward high requirements for the security of the project. Note that electronic
tokens are anonymous and difficult to trace. They could easily be used by criminals, be attacked by hackers, or
be involved in transferring illegal assets.
Other risks unknown at present: With the continuous development of blockchain technology and industry,
DeepBrain Chain may face some unexpected risks. Participants should fully understand the team background,

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 33

DeepBrain Chain may face some unexpected risks. Participants should fully understand the team background, know the overall framework and ideas of the project, make reasonable adjustments to their vision, and
participate in the collection of tokens rationally before participating.

Chapter 12 Disclaimer
1. This document is only used as communication information. The content of the document is for reference
only and does not constitute any investment proposal or solicitation of the sale of stocks or securities pertaining
to DeepBrain Chain and its related companies. Such solicitation must be carried out in the form of a confidential
memorandum and must comply with relevant securities laws and other laws.
2. The content of this document should not be interpreted as forced participation in the Token Sale. Any act
related to this white paper shall not be considered as participating in the Token Sale, including taking a copy of
the white paper or the sharing of it.
3. Participation in Token Sale represents that one has reached the age standard and has a complete capacity
for civil conduct, so that the contract with DeepBrain Chain is true and effective. All participants sign the contract
voluntarily and should have a clear and necessary understanding of DeepBrain Chain before signing the
contract.
4. DeepBrain Chain team will continue to make reasonable attempts to ensure that the information in this
white paper is true and accurate. In the development process, the platform may be updated, including but not
limited to platform mechanisms, tokens, their mechanisms, and token distribution. Part of the content of the
document may be adjusted in the new white paper as the project progresses. The team will update the content
by issuing announcements or new white papers on the website. Participants must access the latest version of
the white paper and timely adjust their decisions according to the updated content. The DeepBrain Chain clearly
indicates that they do not bear the loss of participants due to (I) facts that might depend on the content of the
document, (II) inaccuracies in the information of this article, and (III) any act resulting from this article.
5. The team will spare no effort to achieve the goals mentioned in the document. However, given the presence of force majeure, the team might not be able to completely accomplish the commitment.
6. As an official token of DeepBrain Chain, DBC is an important tool for platform effectiveness, not an
investment product. Owning DBC does not represent the ownership, control, and decision-making power of the
DeepBrain Chain platform granted to its owner. DBC as an encrypted token used in the DeepBrain Chain, does
not belong to the following categories: (a) any kind of currency; (b) securities; (c) shares of legal entities; (d)
stocks, bonds, notes, warrants, certificates, or other instruments granting any rights.
7. DBC's value depends on the laws of the market and the demand after landing. It may not have any value,
in which case the team will not make additional commitment to increase its value. The team is not responsible
for the consequences caused by the increase or decrease in the value of DBC.
8. Within the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the team is not responsible for damages and
risks arising from participation in public offerings, including, but not limited to, direct or indirect personal
damage, loss of commercial profits, loss of commercial information, or any other economic loss.

DeepBrain Chain: Artificial intelligence computing platform driven by blockchain

introduction 34

9. The DeepBrain Chain platform complies with any regulatory policy that is conducive to the healthy
development of the Token Sale industry, as well as industry self-regulation statements. Participant’s participation means that he or she will fully accept and comply with such inspections. At the same time, all information
disclosed by the participant to complete such inspections must be complete and accurate.
10. The DeepBrain Chain platform clearly communicates the possible risks to the participants. Once participants have participated in the Token Sale, they have recognized the terms and conditions in detail, have accepted the potential risks of the platform, and have borne the consequences at their own expense.
11. Citizens of nations that have banned Token Sale are not allowed to participate.

