Delphy Foundation:
Revolutionary Platform for Predicting Future Events
Bo Wang
wang.bo@delphy.org

Abstract
Delphy is an open-source, decentralized, mobile prediction
market platform built on Ethereum. The Delphy App is a light
Ethereum node that runs on mobile devices.
Delphy uses incentives to allow participants in a market to
communicate, instantly and transparently, their wisdom
regarding the outcome of upcoming events, effectively predicting
the future. We designed Delphy from the start to be
decentralized, which makes it difficult to manipulate prediction
results.
In Delphy prediction markets, DPY tokens are used (i) by
Delphy users to pay for a certain prediction through Delphy and
(ii) to incentivize Delphy users (through the payment of a fixed
number of DPY tokens) to virtually “buy and sell” “outcome
shares” in the Market. Users virtually “buy and sell” such
“outcome shares” based on what they see as the probability at
any given moment and agree on a virtual “price” that such
transactions will occur. As long as a prediction is active, the
virtual price continues to fluctuate and indicates the probability
of an outcome according to the crowd's wisdom. When a Market
matures, meaning the market Event transpires in the real world,
Delphy determines the winning outcome based on the Oracle of
the Event. There is no payment of any form (whether in Fiat or
DPY tokens) between the buyers and sellers with respect to the
purchase and sale of the “outcome shares”. There are no
“winners” and losers” once the Market matures and there will be
no payment of winnings (whether in the form of DPY tokens or
otherwise) to “winners” or a deduction of assets (whether in the
form of DPY tokens or otherwise) from the “losers”.
The Delphy platform implements three of the necessary
conditions for crowd wisdom put forth by James Surowiecki;
diversity of opinion, independence in making opinions, and
decentralization of organization.
2~ Prediction Markets
There are two main methods used in scientific predictions; the
first is statistics and mathematical models, and the second is machine
learning and data mining. In essence, these two methods use
historical data and software systems to generate predictions.
In recent years, a third method, "social analysis", is increasing
as a trend in the prediction market. The market uses incentives to
allow the public, not just identified experts, to contribute their own
experience and wisdom, pooling market information together to help
make decisions and allowing the group to be more intelligent than a
single individual or expert.
2.1 Theory and Operation

In essence, the market collects the judgements and confidences
of parties involved in the same event, which results in a prediction of
the future outcome of the event. Similar to the stock market, which
serves to assign a price to the future estimated value of a stock,
“prediction markets” assign a value to a belief about the future (a
prediction).
Specifically, prediction markets usually predict the outcome of
an event by asking questions about possible outcomes. Each possible
outcome has its own probability. The sum of the probabilities of all
the outcomes is equal to 100%. The probability of an outcome
represents the transaction price of the outcome in the market.
James Surowiecki, a well-known journalist in the U.S., put
forth three conditions for crowd wisdom: diversity of opinion,
independence in making opinions and a decentralized organization.
Similarly, prediction markets work best when market participants
have different backgrounds, do not base their decisions on the
opinions of others, and base their opinions on local knowledge.
Prediction markets have three characteristics:
1. Efficient collection of diverse and disparate information.
2. Effective and transparent incentive mechanisms to obtain
truthful and relevant information.
3. Near real-time information updates, so that result
manipulation becomes quite difficult.
Prediction markets are widely used in many sectors, including
but not limited to insurance, national defense, healthcare, public
management, sports, entertainment, and even within companies.
For example, in 1996, HP Labs and the California Institute of
Technology co-chaired a three-year prediction market experiment.
The study conducted 12 different predictions with 20 to 30
employees from different HP Labs departments (business, finance,
marketing, etc.) Experiments showed that more than 75% of the
predictions were more accurate than HP's official predictions.
In 2003, the U.S. Department of Defense publicized a "Policy
Analysis Market" (later dubbed as a "terrorism futures market"),
which mainly predicted the political and military turmoil in eight
Middle Eastern countries as well as the response from the U.S.,
aimed at improving America’s intelligence gathering capability
around the world. U.S. Senators later rejected and canceled this
prediction market.
In 2005, Google announced its use of a prediction market within
the company to predict product release dates, new office openings
and other strategic events.
Intrade.com is a famous political prediction market where the
participants can trade presidential election results from different
countries. The accuracy of the predictions is incredible. For example,
in the 2004 U.S. presidential election, Intrade.com predicted which
states Bush and Kerry would win, and the predictions were
surprisingly similar to the election results.

Scientific prediction methods have been around since the start
of the Information Age. Theories underlying the prediction markets
include the Efficient Capital Markets Hypothesis (ECMH) and the
Hayek Hypothesis. These hypotheses help explain how information
is aggregated such that market prices provide accurate estimates on
the likelihood of future outcomes.
According to ECMH, capital markets are so efficient in
reflecting information about individual stocks and the stock market
as a whole, that no amount of analysis to forecast future stock prices
can beat the market. The Hayek Hypothesis assumes that market
prices are the means to aggregate disparate pieces of information.
The market works even when people only have a limited knowledge
about their surrounding environment and other parties involved.
Page | 1

Delphy Foundation: Revolutionary Platform for Predicting Future Events
The prediction market, as accurate as it is, also faces some
challenges. It represents public opinion, which can be influenced by
many factors.
Segmented prediction markets also lack liquidity. People are
only concerned about big things or those things related to their own
interests; therefore, it is difficult to collect enough samples to
generate general predictions. Many people participated when the
prediction was about the U.S. presidential election between Clinton
and Trump, but it would be another story if it were a presidential
election in a small developing country in Africa.
The prediction market has also made some big mistakes, the
Brexit vote, for example. On June 23, 2016, the day of the Brexit
vote, prediction markets forecast that the probability rate of staying
in the European Union (EU) was 85%, whereas the reality was that
exiting the EU won by a small margin.

2.3 History
The following timeline shows important historical events related to
prediction markets.
2.2 Accuracy
Prediction markets trades on the probable outcome of future
events. The future price of contracts reflects the dynamic expectation
of the probability of those events. The market is able to amalgamate
the collective wisdom of all the participants. Experiments show that
the prediction market is often more accurate than traditional
predicting tools. It also has many other advantages, like continuous
real-time information gathering, active participation, information
disclosure, high efficiency, and measurability.
Consensus Point, a website whose chief scientist is Dr. Robin
Hanson, once announced that the accuracy rate of its prediction
markets was 92%. In 2008, a survey found that Iowa Electronic
Markets (IEM) of the University of Iowa predicted five presidential
elections more accurately
than ordinary polls in 74% of all cases.
The election data in the figure below clearly shows that the market
predictions are quite accurate.

The long-term prediction market has a great advantage in
accuracy over individual predictions. The more participants, the more
accurate the market will be. The following two reasons might help
explain why:
1)

Due to the complexity of events, no individual can possess
a complete set of information. The knowledge is
distributed amongst a group of people.

2)

Prediction markets provide a mechanism for those with
insightful ideas to put forth their information.
When different ideas occur, people will vote by altering
their trading practices, rather than simply succumbing to
the current consensus from peer pressure.

Delphy Foundation: Revolutionary Platform for Predicting Future Events

2.4 Comparison with Traditional Methods
The following table compares prediction markets with other
common methods of gathering information and opinions.

2.5 Redefined by Blockchain
Although prediction markets work well, their current
centralized implementation has plenty of shortcomings.
First, centralized markets cannot prove their own innocence.
Many markets are suspected of having been manipulated, subjecting
users to financial loss. Second, market finances are usually highly
supervised, which results in a lack of user participation and limited
transaction volume, thus keeping it out of the mainstream. For
example, in the United States, the CFTC forced the famous
prediction market intrade.com to close because it failed to comply
with U.S. laws. Third, there is a certain conflict of interest between
the prediction markets and current experts, social opinion leaders,
and public opinion polling organizations.
Today, with the rise of peer-to-peer blockchain technology,
prediction markets can take advantage of decentralization and
popularize their applications. First, blockchain data is replicated
across the network, and its tamper-proof implementation enables
prediction platforms to prove their own innocence. Second,
decentralization also allows prediction markets to gain global
liquidity and the ability to maintain a massive amount of users. Third,
blockchain-based prediction markets can attract more insiders and
professionals to participate by using token incentives.
2.6 Delphy: The Decentralized Prediction Market Platform
Delphy is a decentralized social mobile prediction market
platform built on Ethereum. The intrinsic decentralization of
Ethereum ensures that predictive results are hard to manipulate
which promotes information diversity, independent decision-making
and a decentralized organization.
Delphy is a mobile application platform for the prediction
market and an ecosystem for Prediction as a Service (PaaS). Users
can participate in prediction market transactions anytime and

anywhere, as well as use the Delphy API and SDK to custom-tailor
all kinds of vertical field prediction markets.
The following chart summarizes the similarities and differences
between Delphy and existing decentralized prediction markets:

Delphy Foundation: Revolutionary Platform for Predicting Future Events
3~ Delphy Market Mechanism

Users can search the system's Live Event Pool, select the Event they
are interested in, and create a Market.

3.1 Market Making
3.1.1 DPY Token

3.1.4 Scoring & Trading

Delphy will issue its DPY token, which is based on the
Ethereum smart contract and complies with ERC20 standards.
ERC20 based tokens enable Ethereum wallets, exchanges and other
smart contracts to interact with a variety of tokens in a common way.
The DPY token, generated by Delphy smart contracts, will be
released during the Delphy ICO. In Delphy prediction markets, DPY
tokens are used (i) by Delphy users to pay for a certain prediction
through Delphy and (ii) to incentivize Delphy users (through the
payment of a fixed number of DPY tokens) to virtually buy and sell
“outcome shares” (the “shares”) in the Market. Users virtually buy
and sell such shares based on what they see as the probability at any
given moment and agree on a virtual “price” that such transactions
will occur. As long as a prediction is active, the virtual price
continues to fluctuate and indicates the probability of an outcome
according to the crowd's wisdom. There is no payment of any form
(whether in Fiat or DPY tokens) between the buyers and sellers with
respect to the purchase and sale of shares.

Delphy uses the Logarithmic Market Scoring Rule (LMSR) to
calculate the virtual price of every outcome in the market in real-time
as traders start to virtually buy and sell shares. LMSR provides
virtually unlimited market liquidity. This is different from traditional
non-LMSR prediction markets and the stock market.
In general, the more shares of a particular outcome that are
virtually purchased, the higher its virtual price will be, while the
more it is virtually sold, the lower the virtual price. In Delphy, users
can find out real-time virtual prices and trends for each outcome.
There is no payment of any form (whether in Fiat or DPY tokens)
between the buyers and sellers with respect to the purchase and sale
of shares.
To incentivize Delphy users to virtually buy and sell shares in
the Market (and assist with the accuracy of a prediction), Delphy
users will be paid a fixed number of DPY tokens for their
participation in the Market.
3.1.5 Market Closure

3.1.2 Create Event
An “Event” refers to a future event of interest to be predicted in
Delphy in the form of question and answers. For example, “Will it
rain at 9AM tomorrow in Washington D.C. ?”
In Delphy, users can create Events based on future events in the
real world by using the Event Editor and Event Template. When
creating an Event, clients submit a detailed description, all possible
outcomes, the Oracle that determines the outcome, and other
information as needed.
Events can be open or invitation only. All Delphy users can
participate in an open Event, while an invitation-only Event is only
visible and available to invited users.
The created Event enters a temporary Event Pool in Delphy.
The system also has an Event Filter, which filters out illegal or
unethical events, such as predictions on the assassination of a
country's leader or the overthrow of a government. After filtering, the
remaining Events enter the system's Live Event Pool to create
Markets

When a Market matures, meaning the market Event transpires
in the real world, Delphy determines the winning outcome based on
the Oracle of the Event. There are no “winners” and losers” once the
Market matures and there will be no payment of winnings (whether
in the form of DPY tokens or otherwise) to “winners” or a deduction
of assets (whether in the form of DPY tokens or otherwise) from the
“losers”.
Certain transaction fees (e.g., the gas required by Ethereum)
occur when a market creation and trading. Delphy will withhold a
nominal fee to cover all necessary transaction costs associated with
the Market.
When the Market is liquidated, the Event & Market is officially
closed with no future transactions allowed in that particular market.
If the Oracle associated with the Market cannot decide the outcome,
or users dispute the correct outcome, Delphy will provide a variety of
ways to resolve the dispute.
3.1.6 Messages & Comments
Every Market in Delphy usually comes with a list of all
necessary outcomes and a comment area where traders can leave
messages showing why they choose what they did and the rationale
for their choice. Such event-based social activities provide more
trading signals than the prediction virtual price alone. Delphy also
provides functions like peer-to-peer messaging, OTC trading, etc.
3.2 Scoring Principle
The Logarithmic Market Scoring Rule (LMSR), proposed by
Dr. Hanson, is an automated market creating mechanism that always
maintains a consistent probability distribution to reflect the market's
evaluation of each event outcome. LMSR is becoming the de facto
standard for prediction markets, as it has many excellent features,
such as, infinite liquidity, and the modularity of independent
relationships. Many internal prediction markets and projects, such as
Inkling Markets, Microsoft, YooNew, Google and General Electric,
are using LMSR as a virtual pricing mechanism.
In a prediction market, when the market is created from Event
’s outcome can be one of the following types:

3.1.3 Create Markets

•

Binary
“Will Donald Trump run for re-election?”

After users create an Event, they build a corresponding
prediction market to provide a trading platform for participants.

The outcome can only be “Yes” or “No”.

,

Delphy Foundation: Revolutionary Platform for Predicting Future Events
•

4.1.3 Swarm

List
“Which pharmaceutical company will release a drug for
Diabetes from 5/1/2018 to 5/1/2019?”
The outcome will be in a list of 32 items.

•

Range

Swarm is a decentralized file management mechanism that
helps Delphy store static files and metadata related to Events and
Markets in prediction markets to provide distributed storage and
retrieval services for Delphy mobile applications.
4.1.4 Light Ethereum Subprotocol (LES)

“What will be the average customer rating for the new
product launch be?
The outcome will have a wide range.

LMSR decides how to determine the virtual share price of each event
outcome, and the probability of each outcome at any point of time.

4~ Delphy Architecture
Delphy is a decentralized social prediction market platform
built on Ethereum and the Delphy App is a light Ethereum client
running on mobile devices. Delphy is an open source project with
contributions from around the world.

LES is a mechanism designed for mobile devices (such as
smartphones, etc.) that only downloads the head of a block rather
than the entire block during blockchain synchronization. It provides
fully secure blockchain access, but does not participate in mining or
consensus formation.
4.2 Delphy Mobile App
With the ubiquity of smartphones and the success of platforms
such as Telegram and Wechat, Delphy adopts the "born mobile"
strategy. Delphy takes advantage of the LES protocol of Ethereum to
provide a decentralized prediction market as a mobile application. It
is a light Ethereum client running independently on mobile devices
rather than just browser-based or stand-alone desktop applications.
The Delphy mobile app uses LES to run the Geth and web3.js
framework on smartphones, providing powerful and secure functions.
Users can easily create Events, create a Market according to the
Event they have interest in, set the Event & Market description and
metadata, quickly query the Event & Market for virtual share price
and movement, buy or sell shares and make payments of DPY tokens
in different Markets.
4.3 Oracle
Oracle is the information release mechanism for the real
outcome of Events in Delphy. Oracle determines the predicted
outcome of an Event in Delphy by providing a series of APIs, which
Delphy uses to determine the outcome of the prediction market to
achieve the final settlement.
Oracle can be centralized (such as RealityKeys and Oraclize),
as well as multi-centralized. A centralized Oracle is enough when a
predictive application only needs a single data point to verify the
results.
For example, in predicting an NBA game, the results on the
NBA official website may be enough. For a multi-centralized Oracle,
we will devise an incentive mechanism and implement the “m out of
n” mode and Oracle's dispute resolution solution.

4.1 Delphy Core Elements

4.4 Delphy Features

4.1.1 Ethereum

4.4.1 Delphy App is a Light Ethereum Client

Ethereum is a public, open-source, distributed platform, based
on blockchain technology that features smart contract (scripting)
functionality and provides a decentralized, trustworthy and
permissioned asset issuing and trading infrastructure for Delphy.
Ethereum is essentially a social computing platform. Delphy is
a prediction market of social networks and a mobile Distributed
Application (DApp). As a DApp on the public Ethereum blockchain,
Delphy helps promote Ethereum to the mass market.

Delphy is a mobile platform running a light Ethereum client
based on LES. The Delphy App supports all the functions of an
Ethereum full node, except mining, and leverages the P2P protocol to
communicate directly with the other nodes in the Ethereum network.
This greatly improves efficiency and makes the Delphy App, SDK
and API powerful and scalable.

4.1.2 Smart Contract

Smartphones are the preferred platform choice for Delphy to
develop its application. The Delphy iOS and Android mobile apps
will launch simultaneously with the Delphy platform, and will
improve user friendliness, maximally meet users’ needs, and boost
the popularization of Ethereum and its development environment.

Delphy takes advantage of Ethereum smart contracts to issue
DPY tokens, create Events and Markets, connect Oracle and Event
filters, as well as to complete virtual pricing, trading, matching,
liquidity, and so on.

4.4.2 Naturally Mobile

Delphy Foundation: Revolutionary Platform for Predicting Future Events

4.4.3 Customizable
Users can create Markets using the same Event with different
preferences. Each Market may have a different Oracle, and dispute
arbitration mechanism. Users with different preferences can choose
their own Markets for transactions and really achieve personalized
market creation and cooperation.
4.4.4 Event Filter
User-created Events enter a temporary Event Pool provided by
Delphy. The system provides a default Event Filter that filters out
illegal or unethical events, such as predictions on the assassination of
a country's leader or the overthrow of a government. Delphy also
provides Filter APIs for users to create their own Event filters to
comply with the laws, regulations and customs in their own countries
and jurisdictions. Delphy reserves the right to create Event Filters to
comply with the laws, regulations and customs in their own countries
and jurisdictions.

Individuals who know news to be bogus have a financial incentive to
share their unique information.
5.3 Points of Interest (PoI)
With the improvement of people's living conditions, tourism
has become an important leisure activity for Chinese people.
However, because the tourism resources are centralized and limited,
most scenic spots are extremely crowded for people travelling during
holidays. Only a few famous spots can avoid such congestion.
Predicting in advance which scenic spots have relatively fewer
visitors is appealing to most people.
West Lake - a world-renowned scenic spot in the Zhejiang
Province of China, took measures to limit the number of tourists it
receives each year, because the number often vastly exceeds the
maximum carrying capacity set by the country. In recent years, the
area has also adopted technology to analyze large amounts of tourist
data, providing a reference point and a basis for managing tourist
numbers. The technology also sets appropriate tour routes,
dynamically processes tourist information and helps develop
business strategies.

4.4.5 Social

5.4 Entertainment

The Delphy App is a social prediction market interface.
Predicting is a social event, and Delphy includes commenting, P2P
messaging and OTC, to let users socialize with each other on a single
platform.

The entertainment industry is one of the most prosperous
industries in the world. According to China’s "13th Five-Year Plan",
the market cap of the culture and entertainment industry will reach
¥450 billion for 2015, and may be ¥1 trillion in 2020, with the
television and film sector alone being valued at ¥500 billion.
Prediction markets can be widely used in the entertainment
industry, for such things as forecasting auditions of variety shows,
ratings, movie box office results and so on.

5~ Delphy Applications
Delphy is a mobile platform for the prediction market and an
ecosystem of the Predictions as a Service (PaaS) platform. Users can
participate in transactions in any prediction market anytime and
anywhere, as well as use the Delphy API and SDK to customize
prediction markets based on different vertical field parameters.
Delphy is applicable to prediction markets for insurance, national
defense, health care, public management, sports, entertainment, and
even markets within organizations.

It is notable that Hollywood already has a box office prediction
market. It demonstrated its amazing accuracy with its predictions for
the 2007 Academy Awards Ceremony. The Hollywood Stock
Exchange successfully predicted 32 out of the 39 nominations via
ranking by transaction prices, and it correctly predicted seven out of
the eight main awards before the ceremony officially began.

5.1 Science & Discovery
Prediction markets have the potential to allocate global
scientific research and development resources and efforts more
effectively. An efficient mechanism to aggregate data on leading
experts’ beliefs on the plausibility of successfully accomplishing
scientific goals will help focus resources to more realistic projects.
Additionally, many scientific research studies provide data that
unfortunately are not reproduceable. Currently, the scientific
community has increased concern on this topic. Data to gauge the
costs associated with irreproducible preclinical research have
recently been estimated at US$28 billion a year in the United States.
Governments and companies are investing billions to further
exploration of initially flawed research. Prediction markets will
provide a mechanism to easily recognize the studies with findings
that will be difficult to replicate.
5.2 Fake News
Social media platforms and increasing news sources have made
it easy to start and propagate fake news. A group of 16 political
scientists and legal scholars in a Science publication, “We must
redesign our information ecosystem in the 21st century to reduce the
spread of fake news and to address the underlying pathologies it has
revealed.” Their studies report a false story reaches 1,500 people
six times quicker, on average, than a true story does. The
consequences associated with fake news are incalculable as deaths
have occurred by people believing and trying to discover the validity
of fake news. The uncertainty fake news brings to our society about
the validity of real news and the prospects of future economic factors
create tremendous damage to GDP growth.
A prediction markets platform focused on “News Validation”
makes it extremely costly for false news to persist as truth.

5.5 Housing Prices
Housing prices is a topic that concerns most people, as the
house is usually the highest asset holding for most households, but
key opinion leaders (KOL) and third-party transaction reports are
currently the main data sources used to predict current housing
prices.
Obviously, the prediction market, with the public participating
to express their viewpoints, can intuitively reflect current housing
price expectations. In addition to purchasers and sellers, this data also
provides valuable reference points for governmental macro-control
policies and real estate company investment plans.
Although there are several channels to collect housing price
data, the prediction market will use data released quarterly from
official government sources such as the U.S. House Price Index or
the National Bureau of Statistics of China to ensure data reliability.

Delphy Foundation: Revolutionary Platform for Predicting Future Events

6~ Legal Matters and Risk Factors
5.6 Games
The online game market size is huge and continues to grow.
According to the "2016 China Game Industry Report", the market
cap of China's game industry exceeded ¥160 billion and shows no
signs of slowing anytime soon. In the U.S., the market cap exceeded
$17 billion.
For games in the prediction market, we call our APIs within the
games to provide players with the game playing methods and
mechanism instead of relying on game developers to include the
methods and mechanism.
When it comes to games like theme parks, players can
meticulously build and operate their own theme parks and even invite
friends to join. For example, players can buy land, hire employees
and set game facilities the way they want them.

5.8 Governance Policies
The prediction market can help all organizations maximize the
efficiency of its human resources. It helps pool the knowledge,
wisdom and experience of all stakeholders, enhance the overall
competitiveness of the organization, and provide a channel for all
employees to express themselves and contribute to the development
of the organization. More importantly, it improves the sense of
participation, which means a lot to the Millennial Generation.
Therefore, a prediction market within the organization can help
managers and administrators better understand employees’ ideas and
guide the organization’s operation.
For example, Microsoft once used a prediction market to
forecast whether a product would be delivered on time. Within the
first three minutes of the transaction, the price of “on time” went
down, meaning that participants had no faith in the product being
delivered on time. The project manager held a meeting to discuss
how to solve the delay problem, and the price went back up.
Ultimately, the product was not delivered on time because end users
were not satisfied with some of its performance.
This example shows that a prediction market, by collecting all
kinds of information, can help refine the governing policies inside an
organization.
Microsoft is not the only company that has deployed a
prediction market. For the past ten years, many Fortune 500
companies, including HP, Best Buy, General Electric, Google and
IBM, have been doing the same thing.
Economist David Rothschild believes that using prediction
markets in business decisions has two purposes. One is to inform
participants what may happen in the future so that they can collect
information and resources more efficiently, and the other is to make
them know how the various factors affect prediction results.
In addition, prediction markets also help organizations more
effectively manage economic and social risks, such as a decline in
consumer demand, disease outbreaks and epidemics, and
environmental disasters.

6.1 Delphy Legal Structure
A non-profit foundation, Delphy Foundation Limited (“Delphy
Foundation”), has been established in Singapore with respect to
Delphy, which will act as an independent legal entity to organize a
core team to develop such a decentralized prediction market platform
and application. However, the operation and use of Delphy per se
will be fully subject to and dependent on the community’s autonomy
and the Delphy Foundation will merely be a garden-variety member
within the community who may put forward proposals or suggestions
on Delphy’s self-governance without supreme or distinguishable
power of authority.
The Delphy Foundation will sell, in the form of private sales
and crowdsale, DPY tokens that are designed to be used on the
Delphy platform. DPY will serve as the payment method and unit of
account for users to use Delphy’s services. Nobody will be
responsible to repurchase or redeem any sold DPY. DPY, as a kind
of virtual commodity with practical uses, are not securities or
speculative investment instruments. The Delphy Foundation does
not guarantee any intrinsic value of or economic return from DPY.
DPY does not represent any real-world assets or rights (such as
shares, voting rights, etc.) of the Delphy Foundation. The typical
target users of DPY are crypto-token and blockchain veterans.
No U.S. citizens, permanent residents, or green card holders are
allowed to participate in the DPY crowdsale, thus the Delphy
Foundation will not sell DPY to the foregoing persons.
The Delphy Foundation will use proceeds from the sale of DPY
at its own discretion, which include expenses for technical
development, marketing, compliance, financial audit, business
development, etc.
Delphy contains a completely decentralized prediction market
on top of Ethereum. Anyone around the world can access, free of
geographical restrictions, the inherent functions of Delphy by, and
only by, consuming DPY. The Delphy platform has neither a
physical presence nor association with the territory or fiat currency of
any country or region. Nevertheless, regulatory authorities in
various countries around the world may confront Delphy with
interrogatories and supervision. To satisfy and comply with the local
laws and regulations, the Delphy platform may be out of service in
certain jurisdictions. The Delphy Foundation and its team will
endeavor to seek a “sandbox policy” or safe harbor treatment to
allow Delphy to better serve the users.
6.2 Disclaimers
The Delphy Foundation does not make, and hereby disclaims,
any representation or warranty with respect to Delphy or DPY (such
as merchantability or fitness for particular purposes), except those
expressly specified herein. Each purchaser’s decision to participate in
the DPY crowdsale and purchase any DPY shall be made based on
his/her own knowledge of Delphy and DPY and the information
disclosed in this Whitepaper. Without prejudice to the generality of
the foregoing, each purchaser will, upon the launch of Delphy, accept
DPY on an “as is” basis, irrespective of the technical specifications,
parameters, performance or function thereof.
The Delphy Foundation hereby expressly disclaims its liability,
and shall in no case be liable to any person, for:
(1) any person’s purchase of DPY in violation of any anti-money
laundering, counter-terrorism financing or other regulatory
requirements that are imposed in any jurisdiction;

Delphy Foundation: Revolutionary Platform for Predicting Future Events
(2) any person’s purchase of DPY in violation of any
representation, warranty, obligation, covenant or other
provision under this Whitepaper, and the resulting failure
or inability to make his/her payment or to claim relevant
purchased DPY;
(3) early termination of the DPY crowdsale for any reason;
(4) failure or abortion of Delphy development and resulting failure
to deliver DPY;
(5) delay or rescheduling of Delphy development and resulting
failure to meet any anticipated milestone;
(6) any error, bug, flaw, defect or otherwise of the source code of
Delphy;
(7) any malfunction, breakdown, collapse, rollback or hard fork of
Delphy or the blockchain of Ethereum;
(8) failure of Delphy or DPY to meet any specific purpose, or
unfitness for any specific use;
(9) utilization of the proceeds raised through the DPY crowdsale;
(10)
failure to timely and completely disclose any information
relating to the development of Delphy;
(11)
any purchaser’s divulgence, loss or destruction of the
private key of his/her crypto-currency or crypto-token
wallet (inter alia, the private key of the Delphy wallet used
by that purchaser);
(12)
any default, breach, infringement, breakdown, collapse,
service suspension or interruption, fraud, mishandling,
misconduct, malpractice, negligence, bankruptcy,
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of any third party
crowdfunding portal of DPY;
(13)
any difference, conflict or contradiction between this
Whitepaper and an agreement between any purchaser and
any third party crowdfunding portal;
(14)
trading or speculation of DPY by any person;
(15)
listing or delisting of DPY on or from any exchange;
(16)
DPY being classified or treated by any government,
quasi-government, authority or public body as a kind of
currency, securities, commercial paper, negotiable
instrument, investment or otherwise that may be banned,
regulated or subject to certain legal restrictions;
(17)
any risk factors disclosed in this Whitepaper and any
damage, loss, claim, liability, punishment, cost or other
adverse impact that is caused by, associated with, in
connection with, incidental to or consequential to that risk
factor.
6.3 Risk Factors
The Delphy Foundation believes that there are numerous risks
involved in the development, maintenance and running of Delphy,
many of which are beyond the control of the Delphy Foundation.
Each DPY purchaser should peruse, comprehend and consider
carefully the risks described below in addition to the other
information stated herein before deciding to participate in the DPY
crowdsale campaign.
Each DPY purchaser should pay particular attention to the fact
that, while the Delphy Foundation is established in the Republic of
Singapore, Delphy and DPY lie in cyberspace only without physical
presence and hence do not fall within or pertain to any specific
jurisdiction.
Participating in the DPY crowdsale campaign shall be an action
based upon prudent decision and will be deemed as the relevant DPY
purchaser having been fully aware of and agreed to take all the risks
below.
(1) Termination of the Campaign
The DPY crowdsale campaign may be early terminated, in case of
which a purchaser may only be refunded with part of his/her payment
as a result of the Bitcoin / Ether price volatility and/or the expenses
incurred by the Delphy Foundation.
(2)

Insufficient Information Availability

Delphy is at the stage of development as of the date of this
Whitepaper and its philosophy, consensus mechanism, algorithm,
code and other technical specifications and parameters could be
updated and changed frequently and constantly. While this
Whitepaper has contained the then up-to-date key information of
Delphy, it is not absolutely complete and is subject to adjustments
and updates that the Delphy Foundation might make from time to
time for certain purposes. The Delphy Foundation is not in a position,
nor obliged, to keep the purchasers closely posted on every detail of
Delphy development (including its progress and expected milestones
no matter whether rescheduled or not) and therefore will not
necessarily provide the purchasers with timely and full access to all
the information relating to Delphy that may emerge from time to
time. The insufficiency of information disclosure is inevitable and
reasonable.
(3) Regulatory Measures
Crypto-tokens are being, or may be, overseen by the regulatory
authorities of various jurisdictions. The Delphy Foundation may
receive queries, notices, warnings, requests or rulings from one or
more regulatory authorities from time to time, or may even be
ordered to suspend or discontinue any action in connection with the
Campaign, Delphy’s development or DPY. The development,
marketing, promotion or otherwise of Delphy or the DPY crowdsale
campaign may be seriously affected, hindered or terminated as a
result. And since regulatory policies could change from time to time,
existing regulatory permission or tolerance on Delphy or the DPY
crowdsale campaign in any jurisdiction could be just temporary.
DPY could be defined from time to time as virtual commodity,
digital asset or even securities or currency in various jurisdictions
and therefore could be prohibited from being traded or held in certain
jurisdictions pursuant to local regulatory requirements.
(4) Cryptography
Cryptography is evolving and cannot guarantee absolute security at
all times. Advances in cryptography, such as code cracking, or
technical advances such as the development of quantum computers,
could present risks to all cryptography-based systems including
Delphy. This could result in the theft, loss, disappearance,
destruction or devaluation of the DPY held by any person. To a
reasonable extent, the Delphy Foundation will be prepared to take
proactive or remedial steps to update the protocol underlying Delphy
in response to any advances in cryptography and to incorporate
additional reasonable security measures where appropriate The future
of cryptography or security innovations is unpredictable while the
Delphy Foundation will try its best to accommodate the continuing
changes in the domains of cryptography and security.
(5) Development Failure or Abortion
Delphy is still in the process of development, rather than a finished
product ready to launch. Due to the technological complexity of the
Delphy system, the Delphy Foundation could be faced with
unforeseeable and/or insurmountable difficulties from time to time.
Accordingly, the development of Delphy could fail or abort at any
time for any cause (including insufficiency of funds). The
development failure or abortion would result in non-availability of
the purchased DPY for Crowdsale to any purchaser.
(6) Theft of Crowdsale Proceeds
There may be attempts to steal the crowdsale proceeds received by
the Delphy Foundation (including the fiat currency amount converted
therefrom). Such a theft or attempted theft may affect the ability of
the Delphy Foundation to fund the development of Delphy. While
the Delphy Foundation will adopt cutting-edge technical solutions to
keep the crowdsale proceeds safe, certain cyber thefts could be
hardly unpreventable.
(7) Flaws in Source Code
Nobody can guarantee the source code of Delphy to be flaw-free. It
may contain certain flaws, errors, defects and bugs, which may
disable some functionality for users, expose users’ information or
otherwise. Such flaws, if any, would compromise the usability,
stability, and/or security of Delphy and consequently bring adverse

Delphy Foundation: Revolutionary Platform for Predicting Future Events
impact on the value of DPY. Open source codes rely on transparency
to promote community-sourced identification and solution of
problems within the code. The Delphy Foundation will work closely
together with the Delphy community to keep improving, optimizing
and perfecting the source code of Delphy onwards.
(8) Unpermissioned, Decentralized and Autonomous Ledger
There are three prevailing categories of distributed ledger adopted
among the contemporary blockchain projects, namely,
unpermissioned ledger, consortium ledger and private ledger.
Delphy’s underlying distributed ledger is an unpermissioned one,
which means it is publicly accessible and useable to everyone on a
permission-free basis. While Delphy is initially developed by the
Delphy Foundation, it is not owned, operated or otherwise controlled
by the Delphy Foundation. The community of Delphy, which is
spontaneously formed and is open, decentralized and admission-free
to join, is composed of users, fans, developers, DPY holders and
other participants worldwide who are mostly not connected with the
Delphy Foundation in any manner. Such a community will be
decentralized and autonomous as to the maintenance, governance and
even evolution of Delphy while the Delphy Foundation will merely
be an active player in the community peer to others without supreme
or arbitrary authority, irrespective of its earlier efforts and
contributions to the genesis of Delphy. As a result, it is not at the
mercy of the Delphy Foundation how Delphy would be governed or
evolve after the Launch.
(9) Update of Source Code
The source code of Delphy is open and could be updated, amended,
altered or modified from time to time by any member of the
community of Delphy. Nobody is able to foresee or guarantee the
precise result of an update, amendment, alteration or modification.
As a result, any update, amendment, alteration or modification could
lead to an unexpected or unintended outcome that adversely affects
Delphy’s operation or DPY’s value.
(10) Security Weakness
The blockchain of Delphy rests on open-source software and is an
unpermissioned distributed ledger. Regardless of the Delphy
Foundation’s effort to keep the Delphy system secure, anyone may
intentionally or unintentionally introduce weaknesses or bugs into the
core infrastructural elements of Delphy which the security measures
adopted by the Delphy Foundation is unable to prevent or remedy.
This may consequently result in the loss of DPY or any other digital
tokens held by a purchaser.
(11) “Distributed Denial of Service” Attack
The Ethereum is designed to be public and unpermissioned and
therefore may suffer cyber-attacks of “distributed denial of service”
from time to time. Such attacks will adversely affect, stagnate or
paralyze the network of the Delphy system and accordingly render
the transactions thereon delayed to be recorded or included in the
blocks of the Ethereum blockchain or even temporarily unable to be
performed.
(12) Insufficiency of Processing Power
The rapid growth of Delphy will be accompanied by a surge of
transaction numbers and demand of processing power. If the demand
of processing power outgrows how much the nodes of the Ethereum
blockchain network can then provide, the network of Delphy could
be destabilized and/or stagnated, and there could be fraudulent or
false transactions such as “double-spending” to arise. In the
worst-case scenario, the DPY held by the purchasers could be lost,
and rollback or even hardforking of the blockchain of the Ethereum
could be triggered. All these aftermaths would do harm to the
usability, stability and security of Delphy and the value of DPY.
(13) Unauthorized Claim of DPY for Crowdsale
Any person who gains access to the DPY purchaser’s registered
email or registered account by deciphering or cracking the
purchaser’s password will be able to claim the purchased DPY for
Crowdsale in bad faith. As such, the relevant purchased DPY for
Crowdsale may be missent to the person whomever claims that the

same through the purchaser’s registered email or registered account,
which sending is not revocable or reversible. Each DPY purchaser
shall take care of the security of his/her registered email and
registered account throughout by taking such actions as: (i) using a
highly secure password; (ii) refraining from opening or responding to
any scam emails; and (iii) keeping strictly confidential all the secret
or personal information about himself/herself.
(14) Private Key of DPY Wallet
The loss or destruction of a private key required to access DPY may
be irreversible. DPY are controllable only by possessing both the
relevant unique public and private keys through the local or online
DPY wallet. Each purchaser is required to safeguard the private keys
contained in his/her own DPY wallet(s). Where such private key of a
DPY purchaser is lost, missing, divulged, destroyed or otherwise
compromised, neither the Delphy Foundation nor anyone else will be
able to help the purchaser access or retrieve the related DPY.
(15) Inflation
Subject to the specific underlying protocol at the launch of Delphy,
the total quantity of DPY may slightly increase over time, and could
further increase because of the adoption of a patch or upgrade of
Delphy source code. The resulting inflation of DPY supply could
lead to the drop of market price, and consequently DPY holders
(including the purchasers) could suffer economic losses. It is not
guaranteed that a purchaser or DPY holder would be compensated or
made good somehow for the DPY inflation.
(16) Popularity
The value of DPY hinges heavily on the popularity of the Delphy
system. Delphy is not expected to be popular, prevalent or widely
used soon after the Launch. The worst-case scenario is that Delphy
may even remain marginalized in the long run, appealing to only a
minimal portion of the users. By contrast, a significant portion of
DPY demand could be of speculative nature. The lack of users may
result in increasing volatility of DPY market price and consequently
compromise Delphy’s long-term development. The Delphy
Foundation will not (nor has the responsibility to) stabilize or
otherwise affect DPY’s market price if there is any such price.
(17) Liquidity
DPY is not a currency issued by any individual, entity, central bank
or national, supra-national or quasi-national organization, nor is it
backed by any hard assets or other credit. The circulation and trading
of DPY on the market are not what the Delphy Foundation is
responsible for or pursues. Trading of DPY merely depends on the
consensus on its value between the relevant market participants.
Nobody is obliged to redeem or purchase any DPY from any DPY
holder (including the purchasers). Nor does anyone guarantee the
liquidity or market price of DPY to any extent at any time. To divest
his/her DPY, a DPY holder would have to locate one or more willing
buyers to purchase the same at a mutually agreed price, which
attempt could be costly and time-consuming and does not necessarily
bear fruit. And there could be no crypto-currency exchange or other
marketplace having DPY listed thereon for trading.
(18) Price Volatility
Cryptographic tokens, if traded on public markets, usually have
extremely volatile prices. Fluctuations in price over short periods of
time frequently occur, which price may be denominated in Bitcoin,
Ether, US Dollars or any other fiat currency. Such fluctuations could
result from market forces (including speculations), regulatory
changes, technical innovations, availability of exchanges and other
objective factors and represent changes in the balance of supply and
demand. The Delphy Foundation is not responsible for any secondary
market trading of DPY no matter whether or not there would be such
markets for DPY. Therefore, the Delphy Foundation neither is
obliged to tame the price volatility of DPY nor cares about that. The
risks associated with DPY trading price have to be taken by the DPY
traders themselves.
(19) Competition

Delphy Foundation: Revolutionary Platform for Predicting Future Events
Delphy’s underlying protocol is based on an open-source computer
software such that nobody claims copyright or any other type of
intellectual property right of the source code. As a result, anyone can
legally copy, replicate, reproduce, engineer, modify, upgrade,
improve, recode, reprogram or otherwise utilize the source code
and/or underlying protocol of Delphy in an attempt to develop a
competing protocol, software, system or virtual platform or virtual
machine, which is out of the Delphy Foundation’s control and may
consequently compete with or even overshadow or overtake Delphy.
Besides, there have been and will be various competing
blockchain-based platforms that compete with Delphy. The Delphy
Foundation will in no case be capable of eliminating, preventing,
restricting or minimizing such competing efforts that aim to contest
with or overtake Delphy.

8~ Team

[6]

Mann, Adam. (2016). The Power of Prediction Markets. Nature,
Vol. 538, Issue 7625.

[7]

Kambil, Ajit. (Mar/Apr 2011). Predictive Markets: Predicting
the Rise of Prediction Markets. Analytics Magazine.

[8]

Rice, Andrew. (2014). The Fall of Intrade and the Business of
Betting on Real Life. Buzzfeed.

[9]

Yeh, Puong Fei. (2006). Using Prediction Markets to Enhance
US Intelligence Capabilities.

[10] Hanson, Robin. (2007). The Policy Analysis Market - A
Thwarted Experiment in the Use of Prediction Markets for
Public Policy. Innovations: Technology, Governance,
Globalization , 73-88.
[11] Gelman, Andrew. (2016). Something’s Odd About the Political
Betting Markets. Slate.
[12] de la Rouviere, Simon. (2015). Why & How Decentralized
Prediction Markets Will Change Just About Everything.
Medium.

8.1 Core Team
Bo Wang: Founder
Master Degree of Information Economics from Michigan University,
Bachelor Degree of Information Management from Peking
University. Blockchain entrepreneur and technical expert.
Co-founder of Factom and Wanglutech, which brings Blockchain
technology to a greater range of applications.

[13] Hanson, R. (2003). Combinatorial Information Market Design
[J]. Information Systems Frontiers, 5(1), 107-119.

Fox Holt: VP of Business Development
MBA from Cornell University, double-degree of Computer Science
and Economics from Centre College. Held leadership roles’ in GE,
Morgan Stanley, and founder and CEO of Orthogonal Inc and
Torque Tech Capital. Almost 20 years of experience in diverse range
of industries and markets ranging in size from start-ups to
multinational organizations.

[16] Hanson, R., Oprea, R. (2009). A Manipulator Can Aid
Prediction Market Accuracy [J]. Economica, 76(302),
304–314.

Mike Li: Product Managing Director
Founder and lead developer of JUZI Browser, ranked No. 6 among
all internet browsers in China. More than 10 years of experience in
developing and product operation management. Original member of
early Qihu 360.
Jane Zhang: Marketing Partner
10 years experience in Internet and Venture Capital. Unique
combination of marketing, financial and technical work experience in
China. Creation Ventures, KPCB China, APEC China Business
Council, Qihoo 360. Participated in investment project Tantan.
8.2 Council and Advisory Board
Bo Shen: Founder of Fenbushi Capital
James Gong: Founder of ChainB.com
Roland Sun: Partner of Broad & Bright
Gang Wu: Founder of Bixin.com

[14] Hanson, R. (2009). Logarithmic Market Scoring Rules for
Modular Combinatorial Information Aggregation [J]. Journal
of Prediction Markets, 1(1), 3-15.
[15] Arrow, K. J., Forsythe, R., Gorham, M., et al. (2008). The
Promise of Prediction Markets [J], Science Magazine,
320(5878), 877-8.

[17] Pennock, D. (2006). Implementing Hanson’s Market Maker.
http://blog.oddhead.com/2006/10/30/implementing-hansonsMarket-maker/
[18] Wolfers, J., & Zitzewitz, E. (2006). Interpreting Prediction
Market Prices as Probabilities. Social Science Electronic
Publishing.
[19] Hanson, R. (2013). Shall We Vote on Values, But Bet on
Beliefs?, Journal of Political Philosophy, 151-178.
[20] David P., Cary D. (2013), Prediction Markets in the Laboratory.
Journal of Economic Surveys, 589-603.
[21] 郑伟 (2008), 地震保险:国际经验与中国思路, 保险研究,
9-14.
[22] 万国华 , 李铭(2016): 我国二元期权交易的法律规制路径研
究,《金融监管研究》, 34-50.
[23] 张宁 , 李国秋（2016). 企业内部运行的预测市场研究《竞争
情报》, 52-58.
[24] 童振源,林馨怡 (2008). 台湾选举市场预测. 预测市场的运
用与实证分析, 选举研究, 131-166.
[25] http://consensuspoint.com/
[26] https://www.cultivatelabs.com/
[27] https://www.predictit.org/
[28] https://tippie.biz.uiowa.edu/iem/

9~ Bibliography

[29] http://bitcoinhivemind.com/

[1]

Ethereum Whitepaper:
https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Paper

[30] https://fairlay.com/

[2]

TruthCoin Whitepaper:
http://bitcoinhivemind.com/papers/truthcoin-whitepaper.pdf

[32] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prediction_market

[3]

Augur Whitepaper:
https://bravenewcoin.com/assets/Whitepapers/Augur-A-Dece
ntralized-Open-Source-Platform-for-Prediction-Markets.pdf

[4]

Gnosis Whitepaper:
https://gnosis.pm/resources/default/pdf/gnosis_whitepaper.pd
f

[5]

Protess, Ben. Intrade Bars U.S. Bettors after Regulatory
Action.

[31] https://github.com/psztorc/Truthcoin

