DIAMOND NETWORK
White Paper

By Cdiamondcoin OÜ Team

2018

Table of contents

Table of contents

1

Disclaimer

2

Abbreviations

5

Executive summary

6

Team description

8

Main Team
External Experts and services

8
10

Introduction to the markets

13

Crypto currency market

13

Diamond market

14

Competitor analysis

15

DPT token description

17

Platform business model description

20

Service description

21

Digital Diamond Data Base description

21

Gemstone origin verification service descriptio

23

CDC description

24

Marketplace description

28

Key benefit
Roadmap
Technical progress on 01.03.2019

29
30
34

Fund distribution

36

Return on Investment

37

Contact us

38

Table of contents

01

Disclaimer

Please read the entirety of this section carefully!
This paper is a Strategic Whitepaper and its purpose is to present the Project of
Cdiamondcoin Ltd for token holders and platform users in connection with the proposed
token launch.
The information set forth below may not be exhaustive, the products and innovative
technologies described in this document are still under development and are yet to be
incorporated.
Further, you acknowledge that circumstances may change and that this Whitepaper may
become outdated as a result; and the DN can update it as the changes occur, but is under
no obligation to update or correct this document in connection therewith.
This document does not imply any elements of a contractual relationship. Its sole purpose
is to provide relevant and reasonable information to potential token holders in order for
them to determine whether to undertake a thorough analysis with the intent of acquiring
tokens.
Nothing in this WhitePaper shall be deemed to constitute a prospectus of any sort or
solicitation for investment, nor does it in any way pertain to an o° ering or a solicitation of
an o° er to buy any securities in any jurisdiction.
Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation
or undertaking as to the future performance of the Diamond Network. The agreement
between the Distributor and you, in relation to any sale and purchase of DPT is to be
governed by only the separate terms and conditions of such agreement.
By accessing this Whitepaper or any part thereof, you represent and warrant to the DN,
its affiliates, and the Diamond Network Team as follows:
(a) in any decision to purchase any DPT, you have not relied on any statement set out
in this Whitepaper;
(b) you will and shall at your own expense ensure compliance with all laws, regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable to you (as the case may be);
(c) you acknowledge, understand and agree that DPT may have no value, there is no
guarantee or representation of value or liquidity for DPT, and DPT is not for speculative investment;

Disclaimer

02

(d) none of the DN, its a˛lia tes, and/or the Diamond Network team members shall be
responsible for or liable for the value of DPT, the transferability and/or liquidity of DPT
and/or the availability of any market for DPT through third parties or otherwise; and
(e) you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible to purchase any

DPT if you are a citizen, national, resident (tax or otherwise), domiciliary and/or green
card holder of a geographic area or country:
a. where it is likely that the sale of DPT would be construed as the sale of a security
(howsoever named) or investment product and/or
b. in which access to or participation in the DPT token sale or the Diamond Network is
prohibited by applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, or administrative act, and/or
(including without limitation the United States of America, Canada, New Zealand, People's
Republic of China, and the Republic of Korea).
Prospective purchasers of DPT should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and
uncertainties (including financial and legal ris s and uncertainties) associated with the DPT
token sale, the DN, the Distributor and the Diamond Network team.
The information set out in this Whitepaper is for community discussion only and is not
legally binding. No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal
commitment in relation to the acquisition of DPT, and no virtual currency or other form of
payment is to be accepted on the basis of this WhitePaper. The agreement for sale and
purchase of DPT and/or continued holding of DPT shall be governed by a separate set of
Terms and Conditions or Token Purchase Agreement (as the case may be) setting out the
terms of such purchase and/or continued holding of DPT (the Terms and Conditions),
which shall be separately provided to you or made available on the
www.cdiamondcoin.io/ www.cdiamondcoin.com website. In the event of any
inconsistencies between the Terms and Conditions and this Whitepaper, the Terms and
Conditions shall prevail.
Cdiamondcoin Ltd reserves the right to change the Terms and Conditions set forth in this
WhitePaper, and the general Terms and Conditions as published on the Website at any
time without prior notice.
All contributions will be applied towards the research, development, design, promotion,
advocacy and licensing for a new blockchain-based Diamond Network Platform and its
products.

Disclaimer

03

This Whitepaper may be translated into a language other than English and in the event of
conflict or ambiguity between the English language version and transl ted versions of this
Whitepaper, the English language version shall prevail. You acknowledge that you have
read and understood the English language version of this Whitepaper.
No part of this Whitepaper is to be copied, reproduced, distributed or disseminated in any
way without the prior written consent of the DN.

Disclaimer

04

Abbreviations

Cts.

Carat

CDC

Certified Diamond Coi

DPT

Diamond Platform Token

DN

Diamond Network

Project

The whole Diamond Network platform with all of its services

Distributor

Any third party providing DPT token sell or buy operations.

Abbreviations

05

Executive summary

For almost a decade now cryptocurrencies are part of the world’s economy, since year
2009 when Bitcoin was introduced to us, a lot has changed. Nowadays there are more than
1580 cryptocurrencies, more than 11 220 markets and the market cap has reached $254
040 853 775, with a daily volume of $15 353 947 239. Due to the rapid development in the
last two years Bitcoins dominance has decreased to 41.7%.
Bitcoin and Ethereum are the two dominant cryptocurrencies, but their prices are very
volatile, which is good for speculations, but hinders its wide adoption in long term. This is
where the stable coins come in to the game. Stable coins are a class of cryptocurrencies
that seek to maintain price stability with respect to a value indicator. The value indicator is
typically the USD.
One of the main purposes of Diamond Network Project is to solve the volatility problems,
using blockchain technology, in order to create a new type of cryptocurrency – stable
coin, where each issued coin will be secured by a diamond of 0.05 carat.
Diamond Network is a complex long term project served in an understandable and simple
manner; the research showed that the concept of a stable coins is clear to most people,
but only seldom understand the described technology behind the existing stable coins. If
you are a tech geek, please follow our Github and Reddit accounts, or contact us to find
out more about the technical solutions.
This Project covers the whole diamond industry needs and services, digitalizing them step
by step. The project will be executed in 4 Phases and have 2 tokens for sale - one utility
token and one security token (stable coin).
Cdiamondcoin Ltd provides a platform through which 4 services will be available:

Diamond origin verific tion service;
Digital Diamond database;
Marketplace and
a CDC stable coin;

www.coinmarketcap.com data on 25.06.2018

Executive Summary

06

The utility token called DPT
Diamond Platform Token, gives access to the platform and its services; DPT will also be
used to pay the fees for the services. DPT is a subject of ICO.

The standardized security token called CDC
which stands for Certified Diamond Coin is equal to 0. 5 cts of diamond. CDC is a hybrid
token: security token + payment token; fulfils the ole of reserve currency and stable coin.
CDC is considered a derivative, it underlies the Financial Market Regulations and the
Anti-Money Laundering act. Diamond Network will release the token only after acquiring
the License.

It is also important to mention that a Charity
Trust Fund will be established, to invest in the
development of the diamond origin countries,
like South Africa and India.

Executive Summary

07

Team description

At this moment the Diamond Network team consists of a core team of 8 people and
external experts and service providers. The core team are ﬁnancial market, IT and
diamond market professionals, the experts cover the areas of Blockchain technology and
Marketing professionals. The team grows along with the project.

In this section you will find a
short description about the
team and experts.
Main Team

Igors Nikitins
Founder
Igors Nikitins is the Founder of the project, he has a degree in
Economics, specializing on the influence f decentralized
crypto-currency systems on the world economy. He is a professional
day trader, investing in crypto currency and blockchain projects. He
leads trainings and has his own YouTube channel followed by tens of
thousands of people.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/inikitins/

Andrejs Sulcs
Security & IT Manager, Co-Founder
Andrejs Sulcs is an IT and data security expert, who has worked in
leading data security positions in the bank and telecommunication
sector for more than a decade.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/a-sulcs/

Team Description

08

Baiba Rozenberga
Strategic development lead, Co-Founder
Baiba Rozenberga is a Financial Analyst with more than 14 years’
experience in investment project development and evaluation,
working in private and public sector. Has a certific te in IFRS and is
qualifie to evaluate projects over 50 million EUR, according to the EC
Regulations and Standards.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/baiba-rozenberga-772003a/

Ilona Saart
Accountant
Ilona is a financial service professional with more than 20 years of
experience in Corporate finance, including cash flow
management, tax consulting, accounting, budgeting, internal
control, and audit.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/ilona-s-76a8a536/

Vitalijs Gaicuks
Backend and smart contract developer
Vitalijs Gaicuks -is full stack DevOps. Uses Agiles software
development practices. Has 10+ years of technical experience in IT

https://www.linkedin.com/in/vgaicuks/

Dilan Leeuwendaal
Community manager
Dilan Leeuwendaal is an IT computer expert, who specializes in Social
Media and Computer Technology. He is a Microsoft Certified
Professional who has experience in managing large social media
platforms and supporting end users. Dilan has 1,5 years of experience
working for the Dutch Ministry of Justice and Security as well as for
the Ministry of Finance.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/dleeuwendaal/?locale=en_US

Team Description

09

Jurijs Tomilovs
IT Project Management and QA
Jurijs Tomilovs is business processes manager, project manager and
QA. Former experienced performance/stress testing engineer
and IT system administrator. Has more than 15 years experience in IT.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/jurijs-tomilovs-64295710/

Bogdan Filonenko
PR Manager
Bogdan has more than 15 years of experience in PR strategy
development and organization of international scale events. He has
completed more than 100 projects for public figures, politicians, and
corporations.

External Experts and services
SIA “Trialine”
Ecosystem and SmartContract development
SIA “Trialine” is a company based in Latvia, specializing in IT Project
development. It has 12 years of history and experienced crew. At this
moment they are working on system architecture improvement and
started development of Diamond Network project ecosystem.

https://www.linkedin.com/company/trialine/
http://trialine.lv/en/

Jaya.Digital (Ukraine)
Initial Blockchain and Engineering Strategy
Jaya.Digital is a Ukrainian IT company, well known in Ukrainian
Financial service branch and local blockchain society. Jaya.Digital
have experience in blockchain project development, ICO marketing
strategy implementation and technical expertise.

https://www.facebook.com/jayadigital
https://jaya.digital/home

Team Description

10

BVBA TOM Ltd
Diamond Experts
BVBA TOM is a family-owned company with more than 35 years of
experience in the business of jewels and diamonds, located in
Antwerp, Belgium.

http://www.tomjewelry.be/en

VSAI "Latvijas Proves Birojs"
Gemological testing and certific tion
According to the legislation of the Republic of Latvia, the State-owned
limited liability company ""Latvian Assay O˛ce"" ( VSIA Latvijas Proves
birojs) is the only institution in Latvia carrying out testing of diamonds,
emeralds, sapphires and rubies, and the issue of a quality certific te. In
addition, the LAO also performs testing of other precious stones.

www.prove.lv

Eugene Sheeleen
Design & Corporate Style
Eugene Sheeleen is a talented graphic designer, with more than 12
years’ experience, including ICO Landing page design, he is the
Co-Founder and Art Director of DEZI BS Agency. https://dezi.eu/

https://www.linkedin.com/in/eugene-sheeleen/
https://www.behance.net/eugenesheeleen

Rober Horvath
Technology Expert
Robert Horvath is a software developer and a blockchain technology
expert, who joined the expert team at 27th of July, 2018. He is one of
the first developers who joined the Ma erDAO team, to develop the
DAI stable coin. He was responsible for software development in
di° erent areas, in languages including solidity, bash, meteor, database
programming, python, node-js. MakerDAO is currently listed in the
39th position in the Top 100 Cryptocurrencies by Market
Capitalization with the current capitalization of $512 223 964.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/robert-horvath-3488152b/

Team Description

11

LEADELL Pilv
Law office
LEADELL Pilv has more than 25 years of experience in legal advice,
specialising in areas like - banking and finance, IT and Intelectual
property, Corporate and commercial law.

https://leadell.ee/en/

Team Description

12

Introduction to the markets

Crypto currency market
2017 has been an epic year in the cryptocurrency and blockchain markets, it brought us alltime highs and Crypto Kitties. The combined market capitalization went from $15 billion in
January to over $600 billion by year's end; ICOs and Venture Capitals hit new heights $3.23 billion for ICOs and $200 million for Venture Capitals. In 2017 the prices went all time
high – Bitcoin reaching almost $20 000 for one BTC and falling to $6 202 in February
2018, Ethereum had its high point at January 2018 going over $1300 for 1 ETH, and falling
down to $370 only two months later in March. Bitcoins highest daily volume (24h) reached
$23,99 billion a day in December 2017, but the days when cryptocurrency market share
was domi-nated by Bitcoin are over, in 2017 bitcoin dominance fell below 40%, in
comparison to 2009 when the bitcoin dominance was 85%.
2018 has been dramatic and taught us some lessons. ETH reached it's lower price in
December falling as low as 83 USD. A lot of projects failed to keep their promises to
investors. According to the Ernst &Young study, of the top 141 ICO projects surveyed, 86
percent are now below their listing price and 71% of the projects financed, haven't delivered
a functioning product in a year."
Crypto currencies are extremely volatile offering high profit possibi ities with high risk e.g.
also high losses. Bitcoins value has increased almost 300% in a year, but it also lost 1/3rd of
its value in just 5 days (17.12 to 22.12.2017), and 2/3 - 66% in just less than two months. One
of Diamond Network purposes is to offer a standardized stable coin which value is backed
up by a 0.05 cts diamond and is only slightly volatile.

Introduction to the markets

13

Diamond market
Diamonds value is appreciated for decades and it is a hundred-billion-dollar industry. Only
the mining productions yearly turnover is over $12 billion (12,4 in 2016), not even talking
about the related businesses – grading, certification, logistics, auct on houses and brokerages and jewelry industry. Global polished diamond demand at the wholesale level was
accounted for almost $22 billion in 2014. The total value of the diamond jewelry market
worldwide was some 80.1 billion U.S. dollars in 2016, showing an increase of approximately
one billion U.S. dollars from the previous year.
Unfortunately, the diamond industry is still known for its problems and human rights abuse.
Diamonds have funded brutal wars in countries such as Angola, Central African Republic,
the Democratic Republic of Congo, Liberia, and Sierra Leone, resulting in the death and
displacement of millions of people. There is a reason they are dubbed ‘Blood Diamonds’ or
‘Confl ct Diamonds’.
Due to the di° erence in social costs and natural costs the diamond price per carat,
depending on the country of origin, can vary even 300% from the average, but after grading
it is almost impossible to tell where it is from if the origin is not known.
We believe that the diamond buyers have the right to know exactly what they buy - The
Project will strive to promote market transparency, reflect the true price and provide future
traceability of the gem.

Make expert level data available to everyone and
reveal the diamond market for buyers without
previous knowledge in diamond trading or crypto
currencies.

Introduction to the markets

14

Competitor analysis

In 2017/2018 diamonds have become a popular asset class and a lot of new projects,
related to the diamond industry, have been introduced (or more actively promoted) - ABC
Platform with its Swiss diamond coin, D1 coin, Glitzcoin, Gidcoin, Gemera, Regerdiamond,
CEDEX, Everledger, and others, even Technology industry giant IBM has a blockchain
project for global Diamond & Jewelry Market tracking, and Diamond industry giant De Beers
has a blockchain project called "Tracr" to track its own and Alrosa produced diamonds.

Overview &
Profile

Diamond Network
Project

Competitive
Advantage

CEDEX

ABC Platform

Wide service coverage
for the diamond
industry, 0 knowledge
user-friendly

One of the first in
the market, well
known

Determined and
fast work on
product
development.
Token sale App
user-friendly

Diamond pricing
algorithm,
although it may
not be enough in
a competitive
market.

Marketing
Strategies

Active work in social
media and alternative
event sponsorship and
presence (e.g. not
blockchain related),
active live streams by
team members, direct
communication with
the community via
telegram and other
channels.

One of the best
Pitches in the
industry. Active
PR and marketing
strategy.

Not advertising.
Have chosen a
strategy, to let
the service
quality talk for
itself.

Active on Social
media. A lot of
videos on
Youtube, a very
low number of
views. Several
high quality PR
articles.

Homepage

Has to be improved

Very
good informative
content, frequently
updated

Very good
design, decent
content.
Is being shut
down while
updated.

Basic
information

Competitor analysis

Carats.IO

15

Overview &
Profile

Diamond Network
Project

Products &
Services

CEDEX

ABC Platform

B2B/B2C Market
place (diamond
exchange);
Database - diamond
tracking and historical
information;
CDC stable coin;
Diamond Origin
Verification service

CEDEX exchange
allows investors
to easily and
securely trade in
diamonds while
enabling diamond
holders to
effortlessly
liquidate their
assets.

Earth's resources,
Asset-Based
Cryptocurrencies.
Have started with
the development
of
Swissdiamondcoi
n and rescaled
the project to
several (8) assetbased
Cryptocurrencies,
like - Rubber
coin, Lithium
coin, Gold coin,
Cobalt coin, etc.

Only one
product, diamond
backed-up token.

Project stage

Early development Pre
ICO stage, MVP in the
process.

Launched
Exchange, CEDEX
coin available in
two exchanges
IDEX, Coinbene.
ICO finished in
April 2018 with 14
million USD
collected.

Active
development
stage. Private
token sale via
own app; looks
like no public
ICO will be
organized.

Hard to evaluate
actual product
stage from the
public
information
available, ICO
time not known,
planned 30
million USD,
with soft cap 2
million USD.
CARAT token
traded on
Hotbit
exchange.

Employees
& Experts

Experienced East,
North and Central
European team.
Compact main team,
supplemented by
several contractors

Main Team based
in Israel, with
several Asian
representatives.
Experienced team.

Highly
qualified, very
local Swiss
team.

Main team
based in Israel,
most experts
from Celsius
network.
Relatively big
team.

Network

Medium size
partners, well known
in specific branches
in local European
markets.

3 partners listed,
all well known and
reputable, market
leaders.

Several, but
well known
international
business
partners.

Several, but
well-known
partners.

Competitor analysis

Carats.IO

16

DPT token description

Diamond Platform token is the object of ICO. DPT is a utility token and is not backed up by
an asset, neither is considered a derivative, and is not meant to be exchanged to a di° erent
token later. The sole purpose of the token is to confer digital access rights to the Diamond
Network Platform and its services on a blockchain-based infrastructure. DPT gives access
to - the digital diamond data base, origin verific tion service, CDC diamond coin and
Marketplace. More detailed information about the services can be found in the next section
– Platform business model description.
The token has no investment function and does not give the right to profit (no dividends
are paid), also does not promise to return the capital with or without a guaranteed return.
The token will have a governance function – the token holders can participate in decision
making process related to the project development via voting.
The token will be used as a Fee currency to cover the Fees for the Services. DPT is accepted as a payment tool only by the Diamond Network, but not by the third parties, it is not
meant to be a payment tool, although the owners of the token can change. More information about the Fees can be found by each service description.
10 000 000 DPT tokens will be generated, the amount is meant to be fi ed, but the function of issuing new tokens and burn existing ones will be integrated. New tokens can be
issued only if the token holder community votes for. According to this, the token will follow
the ERC20 standard for interoperability and the ERC621 standard for token supply regulation, the token will have a precision of 18 decimals. The owner’s data will be stored in the
blockchain.

DPT token description

17

PRE ICO price for
early investors

ICO Main Sale start
price is planned

30% discount from
ICO price, e.g.
3.5$/1DPT

5$ / 1DPT

*DPT token for the price 3,5 USD
was available till 15.01.2019.

Table No. 1 Token distribution

Token Pre Sale

10%

ICO Main Sale

30%

Token Sale through time

30%

Team

15%

Advisors and Partners

10%

Bounties/other

DPT token description

5%

18

DPT Tokenomics!

DPT Tokens are generated by the Diamond
Network and available to acquire.
DPT available

DPT tokens are being spent by the token
holder for the platform services.
DPT spent for services

Received DPT are burned, reducing
the circulating token amount
DPT available

By implementing the further project
Phases new services are available.
Services added

Due to the new services available, the
platform user amount increases.
User amount increase

Due to the increase of DPT users,
DPT demand increases
DPT vale growth

DPT demand increase

DPT demand increase leads to DPT
price/Value increase

DPT token description

19

Platform business model description

Diamond Network is a platform (ecosystem) with four services which will be running on the
Ethereum blockchain. Two tokens will be issued – 1. A utility token called DPT (Diamond
Platform token - described in the previous section), which grants access to the Diamond
Network services –, and 2. A security token CDC (Certified Diamond Coin), which is a
standardized asset backed token. Please take in to consideration, that the project is in an
early development stage and the total development phase will take up to 2 years, each
service is described according to the existing understanding and vision, it will be improved
and described in detail through time.

Domain

www.cdiamondcoin.com, www.cdiamondcoin.io

The project is market driven and demand based. We truly believe that a long term success
for a blockchain project can be achieved only via strong networking with existing diamond
market players and cooperation with other blockchain projects.

Digital
Diamond
Database

Platform business model description

Gemstone
origin
verification

CDC Stable
coin

Marketplace

20

Service description

Our goal is to create a totally transparent diamond market that would be traceable, reliable
and responsible.

Digital Diamond Database description:

Digital
Diamond
Database

The Digital diamond Database, will stores the information
about each diamond which goes through any other service
provided by the Diamond Network.
It will store the data about:
each diamond tested (its’ test results and base line,
historical data - if available, certific te data),
each CDC diamond,
and each diamond listed in the Marketplace.

Service description

21

Digital Diamond
Database
characteristics

The Database will be compatible - include the same
criteria lines/parameters according to the data gathered by
the laser- 4C parameters listed in existing certificates
Will have a search engine with several parameters;
Search engine will also support a search by existing
certificate number, issued by GIA and others
Will have an automatic data upload system, that will
collect the data from other services (decentralized,
Ethereum blockchain, proof of Existence; not possible to
type in manually);
Will be cumulative, recognizing the parameters of a
diamond which already exists in the Database;
If the diamond is tested by the DN – a digital (and physical)
certificate will be issued and stored in the Database;
The list of previous owners can be displayed, if data
available (Could be possibly a service of extra charge);
A historical price chart can be displayed - (Could be
possibly a service of extra charge);
Comparable prices can be displayed – like Rapaport price,
Market place price of similar products listed, an algorithm
calculated sales price which takes in to consideration all
the factors incl. the place of origin.

Income model/
Fees

Usage of the basic Database service will be free of charge
for the DPT token holders;
In-depth data about the diamond can be displayed for a
fee. The model will not di° er from the way most data basis
work, for example, Company registers - information like
Company name, legal address, VAT status can be acquired
free of charge, but every next information category has a
fee, like – list of owners and their data, collateral register,
Access to balance sheets etc.
The fees will be collected in DPT tokens. After DN receives
the token, it will be burned.
The amount of fees and the categories are not set yet!

Service description

22

Gemstone origin veriﬁcation service description:

Gemstone
origin
verification

The Origin Verification service is closely connected to the
Database development and will be offered as a service for
the DPT token holders.
Diamond Network will strive to collect the diamond samples
from all over the world to set the baseline for every mine in
the world, creating a digital DNA library in the Database,
which will allow to track back to mine every diamond in the
world. Finding the right technology and collecting the
samples will take up to 5 years.

At least one physical laboratory will be established;
Verification
service
characteristics

Can be developed in a legal certification center;
Digital (and physical) gemstone passport/certificate will be
issued after testing and added to the Database;
Gemstones tested can be listed in the Marketplace;
Certification maximizes the value of diamond jewelry by
using the only testing which can prove provenance;
Origin verified diamonds can add as much as 20% in value;
Analysis time in ~1 minute.

Income model/
Fees

Service description

Fees are collected in DPTs’

23

CDC description:

CDC stands for Certified Diamond Coin.
CDC Stable
coin

It is a hybrid token: security token + payment token; fulfils
the role of reserve currency and stable coin;
CDC is a standardized token: 1 CDC is 0.05 cts and its
value is ~$45 (~40 EUR), the price always represents the
Rapaport* value plus the packaging costs, insurance
costs;
CDC is considered a derivative, it underlies the Financial
Market Regulations and the Anti-Money Laundering act.
Diamond Network will release the token only after
acquiring the license.

Underlying asset
description
and
Physical asset
management

CDC market value for the token holders will always be
represented by a diamond:
Weight (Cts)
0.05;
Size
2.4;
Originality
Natural;
Clarity Range VS;
Color range
G
The asset 0.05 cts is chosen with a purpose – its price is
low in USD, not volatile (Not an investment diamond) and
easily accessible (frequently used in the jewelry industry).
The DN will hold the assets in 0.05 cts diamonds and
investment diamonds, which value 100% covers the issued
CDC token amount. Investment diamonds are a bit more
volatile and their value tends to increase through time.
DN will audit its assets every quarter. If the market value of
diamonds in stock has increased – additional CDC tokens
will be generated and stored in the Cold Wallet, if the value
will decrease – CDC stored in the cold wallet will be
burned or additional diamonds will be bought to cover the
CDC amount issued/generated.

Rapaport diamond price reports are the only reports internationally used to establish the price.
http://www.diamonds.net/, www.rapnet.com

Service description

24

In case, the diamond value in stock has increased and new
tokens have been generated – the DN, could use the
gained value and tokens in several ways:
Underlying asset
description
and

a) Sell them to gain funding for purposes like Charity
work, or cover operating or development costs – if
needed;

Physical asset
management

b) Pay out the extra tokens to CDC token holders as
bonuses, for trust.

The token holders will have the right to vote and make
a decision about how to use the extra funding gained.

Asset security and
Protocol of Proof
of existence

The diamonds are packed in a security case produced by
the Italian company CERTILINE (www.certiline.com),
Stored in an automated bank vault, managed by a robot,
which eliminates the human factor; connected to the
Database.
Insured and audited at least once in the quarter;
High level security system;
A protocol of Proof of Existence, which includes hash
code of pictures, stored on the blockchain;
Backup of original data.

Token
Management

CDC Tokens are generated by the DN according to the
amount of diamonds stored in the stock of the DN and
according to the market demand;
CDC Tokens which are generated, but still owned by the
DN, are stored in the cold wallet;

Service description

25

Token usability

The CDC token holders can:
a) Use the CDC as a reserve currency, to keep their
funds in a safe, non-volatile crypto currency – a small
yearly fee will be applied to cover the storing of the
asset;
b) Use the CDC as a payment token, a small
transaction fee will be applied;
c) Redeem CDC to physical 0.05 cts diamond from
the DN any time;
d) Or exchange the CDC for an Investment diamond
on the Marketplace, e.g. buy investment diamonds
from certified partners using CDC

If the token holder redeems the diamonds from the DN –
the tokens will be burned, because it will not be covered
by the underlying asset anymore;

Asset security and
Protocol of Proof
of existence

Fees are charged in DPT tokens.
Yearly maintenance fee (demurrage fee), for underlying
asset management of 0.3% will be applied;
a) Fee is set up in USD and converted to DPT;
b) Applied and recalculated at the transaction or
redeem moment.
c) Yearly maintenance fee will not be applied for the
first two years to p omote the project.
Transfer fee 0.12%
Redeem Fee 0.5%

Token logo

Service description

26

Photo of the
Physical 0.05 cts
asset

Service description

27

Marketplace description:

Marketplace

The marketplace will be a B2B/B2C platform, which
connects buyers and sellers, it is a catalog of investment
diamonds for sale. To list a diamond for sale:

The diamond has to have a certificate or it has to be
issued;
The diamond has to be evaluated;
The diamond will be added to the Database for future
tracking;

Marketplace
characteristics

Only certified partners can list their p oducts;
Has a Search engine by product category, location and
other relevant criteria;
Has a two-way link to the Database – e.g.
If the gem has been tested or has been in the Database
before – relevant information about the gem, like it’s
digital pass, is displayed;
After the sales operation is performed, the transaction
information is added to the Database keeping the
record of the gem. If it is a gem which is already in the
database, a new record line is added (transaction
amount, date, owner’s data.)
Prices of the products are listed in CDC (and ETH/FIAT)
The price of the diamond is determined by the seller. But
the buyer will have the possibility to check historical prices
if available, compare to other similar diamond prices,
compare the price to Rapaport price and compare the
sales price to the price set up at the evaluation process.
Diamonds bought can either be stored in Diamond
Networks Bank Vault or delivered to the buyer;

Service description

28

Income model/
Fees

Service can be paid in DPTs.
The list of diamonds can be viewed free of charge, but
detailed information, like country located and owner, price
comparison can be viewed for a small charge.
Diamond Listing fee for the sellers 0.05% of the sales price.

Key beneﬁts

Socially responsible ICO – registered Company and Financial Regulator approved token
generation event for DPT;

No avoidance of regulations – CDC stable coin is a standardized derivative and will be
released only after obtaining Financial Market Authority issued license.
No centralized Database management.

Secure Cold Wallet storage for CDCs;

Physical asset safe storage in fully automated Bank-Vault managed by a robot. No human
factor;

Asset digital and physical traceability – proof of existence protocol, safe case packaging
and quarterly audit;

Service description

29

Roadmap

The founder of the project Igors Nikitins had the first idea ab ut a diamond related stable
coin back in year 2015. Till year 2017 he researched the crypto currency market and at the
end of the year he started to search for a local diamond market professional who would be
interested in cooperation.
In October 2017 the ﬁrst steps where made towards the implementation of the project; In
the 4th quarter of 2017 the ﬁrst internal White Paper was written for the CDC stable coin.
To create the CDC a lot of administrative and development activities were carried out.
But in the 1st quarter of 2018, the project scale was redefined as the Diamond Network
Platform where CDC is only one of the products/services available. Due to this CDC is one
of the best developed products of the Diamond Network Platform now – even if it is not
included in the first development Phase
Project development Phases:

1st Phase: Development of Marketplace platform and initial Database;

2nd Phase: CDC Stable coin is released;

3rd Phase: Set up of Verification service, fully functional Database linked
to all services;

4th Phase: Charity trust fund is opened.

Roadmap

30

Historical activity log for CDC diamond coin
1Q 2018 – 4Q 2019

Activity

Schedule
2019

2018

1Q

2Q

3Q

4Q 1Q

2Q

3Q

4Q

Jurisdiction search, Legal advice - Swiss, Luxemb.,
Liechtenst.
Core Team formation
Business concept development for Diamond
Network Platform
Technical Specification for Marketing &
Communication strategy
Fee model development
Web page development (ecosystem)
Permission manager/DPT token/DPT exchange dev.
Configuration storage/Diamond fingerprint tech. dev.
Project approval with Estonian Financial Intelligence
Unit, Licence Acquisition
Incorporation of Cdiamondcoin Ltd
Setting up a homepage, with information for a
closed group
MVP programming for Marketplace and database
Early investor attraction/ Private token sale
Homepage update
Public token sale
Marketing and Communication strategy activities
CDC licencing
CDC token/DPass/CDC exchange dev.
First phase service available for DPT services in 2019.

Roadmap

31

First Phase development Roadmap milestones

Q3 2017 Project Start

Q1 - Q2 Jurisdiction Search & Business
concept development

Nov 1, 2017

January 1st
2017

2018

Q3
Private Token Sale

Q2
Programming

June 15 th

May 1st

Q2
Technical Specific tion for
Marketing strategy approved
April 1st

Q4 2018/Q3 2019 Use Case
development, Smartcontract
updates.

Q3 Incorporation of Legal entity
Cdiamondcoin Ltd.

Oct. 15th

Aug. 9th

Q1 Token Sale with
discount closed

Q4
Start of MVP programming

Jan. 15th

Nov. 15th
2019

Q2 Token license
acquisition
April 15th

Roadmap

Q4- CDC Security
token license
December

2018

Q4 Platform alfa
version available
December

32

Activity description for the First Phase

Activity

Schedule
2017

4Q

2018

1Q

2Q

3Q

4Q

Jurisdiction search, Legal advice - Swiss, Luxembourg,
Liechtenstein
Core Team formation
Business concept development for Diamond Network
Platform
Technical Specific tion for Marketing &amp;
Communication strategy
Fee model development
Web page development (ecosystem)
Permission manager/DPT token/DPT exchange dev
,
Configur tion storage/Diamond fingerprint tech. de .
Project approval with Estonian Financial Intelligence
Unit, License Acquisition
Incorporation of Cdiamondcoin Ltd
Setting up a homepage, with information for a closed
group
Database development in cooperation with SCS Global
services
Pilot Project implementation with SCS Global

Early investor attraction/ Private token sale
Homepage update
Public token sale
Marketing and Communication strategy activities
CDC token/DPass/CDC exchange dev.
Web marketplace dev.
First phase service available for DPT services in 2019.

Roadmap

33

Technical progress on 01.03.2019.
Diamond Network Platform ecosystem is based on Ethereum blockchain (DappHub tools,
Solidity) Web3js, Python, etc.
Q4 2017.
The initial smart contract for DPT token was written. (To ERC20 standard token
functions we have added an option of exchange - ETH to DPT. Basically, when ETH
comes to contract address, DPT token, depending on the rate, is sent back to the
sender)
Burn options were implemented and tested
Q1 2018.
Marketplace draft written
Diamond database options were analyzed
DN architecture draft
Q2 2018.
DPT token contract was improved and issued
DN platform ecosystem development (a part of our ecosystem is dApp with DPT
user-friendly purchase option. dApp is connected to the blockchain, so basically if a
client is using Mist or Metamask Google Chrome extension he can purchase DPT
easily. The users who use Ledger, Trezor, myetherwallet.com (or other) can also
purchase the tokens by sending ETH to the contract address. Detailed information
is provided on our site. Every client can view his balance in his profile, by adding hi
ETH address. A Calculator as an option is also implemented (DPT to ETH)
A non-blockchain Diamond database prototype was developed
Redeemers (Swap) contract for the migration to new versions of DPT in the future
was developed and successfully tested
We secured our ecosystem with Cloudfla e, SSL and CSRF protection from XSS
attacks, protection against SQL injection and other threats.etc As well all server
administration is handled by a team of professionals
Roadmap was developed. See the status on a certain date
Q3 2018.
Referral system development for PRE ICO purposes
Option to order CDC diamond sample for DPT. Redeem tests
CDC ecosystem development (Marketplace draft improvements)
Q1 2019.
ICO contract was rewritten to handle min. DPT purchase amount
CDC ecosystem development (CDC contract development, Dpass development,
Marketplace v.1 development)
Roadmap

34

Table No. 2 Status on 01/03/2019

Component

Descriptions

Permission
manager

Solidity based contract to authorize roles
to manage CDC ecosystem actions.

DPT Token

Solidity based utility token contract.

ERC20 Token Standard

Done

DPT Exchange

Solidity based contract which provides
ETH-DPT exchange

DPT Token,
Configur tion storage

Done

Configur tion
storage

Solidity based storage contract that stores
CDC configurable variables li e fees, etc.

Diamond
fingerprin

Diamond parameterization, fingerprint
creation with physical device and initial
price setup.

Physical device,
Permission manager

Under
development

CDC Token

Solidity based cryptocurrency contract.
Diamond coin tokens (CDC) = 0.05 carat

ERC20 Token
Standard

Under
development

Dpass

Solidity based multisignature contract for
diamond exchange. Each diamond has his
own Dpass contract with purchase history,
attributes like price, sale ability and etc.

DPT Token, CDC
Token, Permission
manager,
Configur tion storage

Under
development

CDC Exchange

Solidity based contract which provide
ETH - CDC, CDC - real diamonds
exchange ability

CDC Token,
Configur tion
storage

WEB marketplace

Python Django based application that
provides access to all of listed diamonds
with purchase and selling ability

Web3.js, python,
Django

Roadmap

Dependencies

Status
Under
development

Under
development

Under Analysis

Under
development

35

Fund distribution

Potential fundraise via ICO $15 million. Soft Cap $ 8 million. Fund distribution as shown below:

Software development

$ 3.9 million;

Infrastructure

$ 1.4 million;

Legal expenses & Licensing

$ 2.3 million;

Marketing

$ 1.2 million;

Assets (Liquidity provision)
Operational cost reserve

Fund distribution

$ 5 million;
$ 1.2 million;

36

Return on Investment

Assumptions

Correlation to/between ETH, BTC, DGS, MKR calculated;
ETH 3 years forecast calculated;
Regression, exponential smoothing, volatility, dummies
factor - taken in to consideration;
Business model and road map taken in to consideration;
ROI calculated from discounted values. Risk free discount
rate 6%.
Optimistic and pessimistic scenarios calculated (High/
Low).

Results

By initial investment 3.50 USD:

2019

2020

High - 72% High - 2490%
Low - 10% Low - 21%

2021

2022

High - 3321% High - 4424%
Low - 1828% Low - 2726%

By initial investment 5 USD:

2019

2020

High - 21% High - 1713%
Low - -23% Low - -16%

Return on investment

2021

2022

High - 2294% High - 3067%
Low - 1250% Low - 1878%

37

Contact us

Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any further questions.
We will be happy to answer them

DIAMOND NETWORK:

https://cdiamondcoin.com
https://cdiamondcoin.io
https://facebook.com/Cdiamondcoin
https://medium.com/Cdiamondcoin
https://twitter.com/Cdiamondcoin
https://github.com/Cdiamondcoin
https://www.reddit.com/user/Cdiamondcoin
SEND US AN E-MAIL

info@cdiamondcoin.com
Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any further questions.
We will be happy to answer them

Contact Us

38

