Disclaimer
Disclaimer: this document (hereinafter referred to as “White Paper”) establishes and
defines the principles upon which Digipulse, as a service and company will operate, regarding both the business model, as well as the technical solution. The information in
the White Paper is subject to change - all changes can be found under the section “Revisions to version”. Please refer to “Terms and Conditions” found at www.digipulse.io
for full details.

Abstract
Digipulse service is a decentralised cloud storage with an automated transfer of ownership based on the activity signals received from connected API integrations. It operates as a subscription-based SaaS platform.
The project aims to ensure that all user’s digital assets and crypto wallets can be
stored on a decentralized storage, in an encrypted manner and can automatically be
transferred to recipients chosen by the original holder, based on pre-set conditions.
As cryptocurrency increases in both circulation and value so does the necessity to
secure digital asset longevity and transfer/distribution mechanism. And seen how
complete digitalization is still at a relatively early stage, most online services do not
consider the potential digital asset loss of their users a legitimate problem.

digipulse.io

Contents
Disclaimer											
Abstract											
The Problem											
Opportunity											
Project creation										
Industry analysis										
General description									
Demographics and segmentation							
Market need										
Service description/ Technology								
Recipient access									
“Pulse network”									
Connecting with services through their APIs						
Digipulse API for full integration possibilities						
Encryption										
Inheritance										
File upload and access									
File Storage										
Data storage: 										
Centralised vs Decentralised								
Ownership transfer									
Privacy											
Risk factors										
		Recipient verification								
Competitor analysis									
Business structure										
Token mechanics								
The Digipulse token									
The Company										

digipulse.io

2
2
4
4
5
6
6
7
11
12
12
13
13
14
14
14
15
17
17
17
18
18
19
19
20
23
23
24
25

The Problem
New innovations and products adapted by the market undoubtedly create new problems. Cryptocurrencies are a virtual form of assets (depending on the jurisdiction)
protected by unbreakable cryptography. This attribute makes them a secure way of
storing wealth but also creates the risk of forever losing access to one’s digital wallet
in case of death or loss of memory. This can become a major problem for the relatives
of individuals who have invested into an ever growing cryptocurrency market1.
Due to the characteristics that random modifications and forgery on the records is
almost impossible, attempts have been made to use the blockchain in financial asset
transactions of the financial institutions as well as general contracts (referred to as
“Smart Contract”) such as transfer of ownership, inheritance and succession2. Blockchain takes the ledger with its transaction details and distributes it into a P2P network,
making the participants record and manage the details jointly, instead of placing them
into a central organizational server. This process resolves the high cost of network
management and increasing hacking issues.

Opportunity
The decentralisation era has provided us with the perfect timing for setting up an asset encryption and distribution storage service. This technology enables Digipulse to
encrypt, split and store information on multiple devices across the world, thus ensuring that we as a service provider don’t have access to the information a user wishes
to encrypt (a decentralized storage) and the threat of internal risks which come from
human resources is mitigated enormously.
In addition, we have created a solution that deals with the access transfer send-out in
an automated way, namely the “Pulse network”, which consists of multiple web based
integrations that are utilised to pass on the contents stored online by the user. This allows us to create a subscription-based service with an ideal product fit for the existing
cryptocurrency sphere and the ‘digital era’ in general.

digipulse.io

4

Project creation
Digipulse was launched in 2016. The concept was developed by a founding team
member whose previous ventures provided him with in-depth expertise in the fields
of fundraising, IT and psychology. The idea, which originated during his prior employment, was as simple as it was eye-opening: large financial losses could fall upon either
to the employer or the individual’s family members, if the original asset owner were to
pass away.
The idea gained additional spin when the cryptocurrency aspect was added to the initial idea of storing memorabilia and valuables. Extensive market analysis indicated no
existing services that fulfilled the needs of the initial team members, so we set out to
create one ourselves. That service is Digipulse.

digipulse.io

5

Industry analysis
General description
To better understand the size of the cryptocurrency market, one can look to the S&P
500 rating (The Standard & Poor’s 500 - the top 500 largest companies by market capitalization listed in American stock exchanges). By comparison, cryptocurrency market
capitalization would be in 7th place (as of February 21st, 2018)3.

87+ 77+ 72+ 70+ 52+ 50+ 49+
Market capitalizaton, USD, billions

874.91

713.92

701.32

503.02

yp

to
cu

rre

nc

ie

ay

s

486.46

Be

rk

sh

ire

Ha
t

ha
w

bo
ok

Fa
ce

of
t

ro
s

M

ic

Am
az
on

og
le

Go

Ap

pl
e

515.13

Cr

773.17

And while unbreakable cryptography is an advantageously fundamental part of the
entire cryptocurrency sphere, it does have a glaring flaw - it’s alarmingly easy to lose,
destroy or make cryptocurrencies otherwise unattainable.

digipulse.io

6

In fact, Bitcoins and other cryptocurrencies may even disappear forever because of
this. When all 21 million Bitcoins are mined by the [estimated] year 2040, the actual amount available for trade or spending will be significantly lower. According to a
research study done by digital forensics firm Chainalysis, 3.79 million Bitcoins are
already lost forever, accounting for 23% of all Bitcoins mined to this day.
In monetary terms, the amount currently lost in asset value reaches up to about 40.7
billion USD. But since the market capitalization for Bitcoin (out of all the cryptocurrencies) reaches 39.3%, and fundamentally other cryptocurrencies are subject to the
same risks, the total amount of asset value lost is much higher.
More Bitcoins are expected to be lost in the future, but at an assumedly much lower
rate due to their increasing (albeit fluctuating) value. This problem not only affects
cryptocurrency holder families, but the entire cryptocurrency ecosystem as well. It is
therefore paramount to adapt a sustainable industry-encompassing solution.

Demographics and segmentation
Bitcoin, a virtual global currency, has been the topic of much media, internet and policy discussion. Little is known about the characteristics of Bitcoin users, even though
thousands of businesses accept them as payment. Transactions with Bitcoin are near
anonymous due to the cost associated with identifying a user’s electronic signature.
Although some convenience sampling of Bitcoin enthusiasts exists, no systematic
data collection has been done.
Since Bitcoin is by far the largest and oldest cryptocurrency, it is safe to assume, that
the largest proportion of cryptocurrency users are those who own Bitcoin. Because
of theoretical anonymity achieved due to cryptocurrency encryption, it is very costly
to identify the user amount of cryptocurrencies and their demographics. But there are
some data available that allows us to describe the market situation of Bitcoin and their
user base.

digipulse.io

7

Since all the transactions that have ever taken place on the blockchain are publicly
available through blockchain explorers, it is also possible to estimate the number of
Bitcoin addresses.
Unfortunately, while transactional information, such as balance, Bitcoin address and
the value of the amount is in the public domain, as is the number of addresses involved, time of the transaction and volume, the parties involved remain private. Nevertheless, this information allows us to estimate the amount of Bitcoin (see table Bitcoin
distribution) in circulation.

Bitcoin distribution

5

Balance

Addresses

% Addresses
(Total)

Coins (BTC)

$USD

% Coins (Total)

0 - 0.001

13385914

53.98% (100%)

2,250 BTC

23,733,656 USD

0.01% (100%)

0.001 - 0.01

5016253

20.23% (46.02%) 21,085 BTC

222,455,743
USD

0.13% (99.99%)

0.01 - 0.1

4006926

16.16% (25.79%) 128,841 BTC

1,359,301,448
USD

0.77% (99.86%)

0.1 - 1

1693874

6.83% (9.64%)

542,740 BTC

5,726,053,352
USD

3.23% (99.09%)

1 - 10

546768

2.2% (2.81%)

1,444,564 BTC

15,240,533,240
USD

8.6% (95.86%)

10 - 100

131722

0.53% (0.6%)

4,360,854 BTC

46,008,165,702
USD

25.96% (87.27%)

100 - 1000

15734

0.06% (0.07%)

3,723,546 BTC

39,284,394,010
USD

22.16% (61.31%)

1000 - 10000

1534

0.01% (0.01%)

3,369,186 BTC

35,545,802,104
USD

20.05% (39.15%)

10000 - 100000

108

0% (0%)

2,882,716 BTC

30,413,419,283
USD

17.16% (19.1%)

100,000 1,000,000

2

0% (0%)

325,514 BTC

3,434,260,001
USD

1.94% (1.94%)

There are a total of 24,798,835 Bitcoin addresses as of February 21,2018, belonging to
roughly 0,326 % (24798835 / 7,603,569,330 * 100 = 0,326% ) of the global population.
Unfortunately, it is difficult to determine the precise number of Bitcoin users, but the
amount of addresses can provide some approximation.

digipulse.io

8

The data also reveals that Bitcoin distribution amongst its users is uneven. Out of all
the addresses, the largest amount of Bitcoin addresses (53.98%) contain less than
0.001 Bitcoin, whilst the biggest amount of Bitcoins are in 0.6% of all the addresses,
which contain 67.22% of all the available Bitcoins.
While it is possible to gather Bitcoin address data, researching the characteristics of
the audience engaged in the crypto community requires other methods.

96+4

Bitcoin community engagement by gender
Female
3.4%

Male
96.6%

Data gathered from Google analytics that illustrates demographics engaged in cryptocurrencies in regards to gender displays a significant predominance of men in relation
to women engaged in cryptocurrencies, with 96.6% for men and 3.4% for women.
Research dedicated to determining cryptocurrency user age groups found the younger
6,7
generation to be more engaged in cryptocurrencies compared to other age groups.

digipulse.io

9

Google analytics data on Bitcoin reveals that the demographic most engaged in the
Bitcoin community is the younger generation, namely the millennials (aged 25 - 34),
reaching 45.7% of the overall engagement. The second largest group consists of the
age group 35 - 54, reaching 30.6%.
According to research results, such data can be supported with the fact that younger
people tend to be more tech savvy and generally interested in new ways of investment.
Cryptocurrencies are especially attractive for the younger generation since they are
more accessible than ‘classical investment’, have a higher entry barrier from other age
groups (which makes it a ‘limited investment’) and have been created by technological
advancement.

1+2+1231468

Bitcoin community engagement by age
18-24
8.4%

25-34
45.7%

65+
1.2%

45-54
12.3%

55-64
1.8%
35-44
30.6%

While banks and other financial institutions have been struggling to find ways of
connecting with millenials, cryptocurrencies overcame this stigma in a relatively short
time period. The data also illustrates that even if older generations are familiar with
cryptocurrencies, they will still most likely not invest in them at all.
The last reason for such age group disparity can be attributed to historic financial
events, namely that millennials began generating their income after the 2008 financial
crisis and many don’t trust the tradicional financial services within the current system.

digipulse.io

10

Market need
The biggest issue with recovering lost cryptocurrencies is not the legal aspects
or even bureaucracy, but the decentralized and unregulated nature of the assets
themselves. Currently for someone to access another’s cryptocurrencies, they must
be in possession of specific identifying information. In addition, a single wallet can
contain an unlimited number of unique identifiers linked to mined Bitcoins, all of which
should be known in order to retrieve the entirety of someone’s cryptocurrency portfolio.
The issue with transferring cryptocurrency ownership once an account is dormant/
inactive, is not entirely unique. In the true spirit of cryptocurrency, there is naturally
no centralised authority that could be appealed to fix this. If a Bitcoin or any other
cryptocurrency owner passes away without sharing their account information, those
coins are simply abandoned, which in turn, decreases the overall amount of the
remaining assets.
One of the potential solutions would be to include a person’s cryptocurrency wallet
information right alongside their bank accounts and other assets in their will.
Unfortunately, if this happens, anyone who can access the will would also be able to
empty the wallet before a recipient would be able to view it.
Another option is to prepare a handwritten guide on how to access one’s assets, online
accounts and cryptocurrencies and hide it in a secure location that only specific people
know about. But this too has certain vulnerabilities, e.g. someone accessing such a
storage while the asset owner is still alive or the only other person privy to the location
meeting an unexpected fate themselves.
Digipulse solves the aforementioned issues by providing a platform where users can
encrypt their data and store it in a distributed, decentralised manner.
Additionally, asset owners don’t need to notify their selected recipient(s) of these assets
beforehand, since the “API ping network” takes care of automatic data distribution in
case a user’s activity drops to zero. And because recipients are not informed about the
existence of any assets beforehand, they cannot access them. Digipulse is thus one of
the safest solutions currently available.

digipulse.io

11

Service description/
Technology
Digipulse service is a decentralised cloud storage with an automated transfer of ownership based on activity signals received from connected API integrations. It operates
as a subscription-based SaaS platform.
As a company, our primary development goal is to ensure that no unencrypted data
should ever leave a user’s computer and that the digital assets stored online could be
transferable in case of the original asset holders inactivity. In addition, we are always
on the lookout for vulnerabilities and ways in which malevolent parties might want to
take advantage of user data. The encryption part of the service is made possible by
the encryption key that the users themselves provide, which is always kept only locally
within the user’s browser.

Recipient access
A recipient can gain access to the contents of a vault only when the vault creator’s
activity has dramatically decreased for two sequential check-up periods. The recipient
can obtain vault access by following an invitation email from Digipulse to access the
contents of the vault. To gain access, the user must answer several security questions
with the exact same answers as the vault’s creator, who wrote the questions. This will
in turn generate the same ‘key’ used to encrypt the file contents. A user can thus gain
access to a vaults contents and download all files present.

digipulse.io

12

“Pulse network”
Pulse network is a collection of the user’s online activity through various API
integrations on a daily basis. The more integrations are connected to the account, the
more precise the activity tracking. The activity is tracked through connected 3rd party
API integrations and outgoing transactions of the user’s cryptocurrency wallet (refer
to the website to see which cryptocurrencies are supported). The possible sources
for recorded activities fall into two categories - 3rd party API integrations and the
Digipulse API.
Activity from 3rd parties is recorded via scheduled tasks run on a predefined time
based interval that is tailored for each service provider individually, depending on their
API specifications. Digipulse API will record activity as often as a connected service
utilises the API endpoints. Aggregated stats from these integrations allow Digipulse
to determine the user’s online activity and ‘act’ accordingly in cases when this activity
stops. The goal is to have a dataset in place precise enough for the user to feel in control and know that there will be no false-positive data releases.

Connecting with services through their
APIs
A variety of services people use on a daily basis have the possibility of being integrated
into other products. To name a few - Facebook, Twitter, Gmail, Dropbox, Linkedin and
others. Integrations even allow using events for tracking user activity in an aggregated
manner in one place - Digipulse. This enables the aggregation of all user activity in
one place, along with an accurate understanding of a user’s online presence, which is
near impossible not to have in the 21st century. Each time an activity occurs on one of
these services (opened email, a ‘like’ on some article or post, etc.) it counts as activity
contributing towards overall activity tracking within the Digipulse service.

digipulse.io

13

Digipulse API for full integration
possibilities
In conjunction with 3rd party API integrations, the service offers its own API. This
API can be used by services to offer their customers an opportunity to connect their
service with Digipulse. Once users connect their account to their Digipulse account,
they can use this connected integration to not only receive activity information, but
also leave access to this service to the recipient in an ‘easy-to-access’ way. Services
which provide this integration to their customers will receive information about the
selected account recipient once Digipulse stops receiving aggregated activity about
the user’s online activity, so they can speed up the process of passing digital assets on
by contacting the next recipient themselves. This would allow services to reduce their
customer churn rate and help them provide ease of mind to their customers, namely
that their accounts will be delivered to the user’s selected recipient(s).

Encryption
‘Encryption’ is certainly the most commonly used word when describing the Digipulse
service. Everything is encrypted, starting from the uploaded files, chunks in which the
files are split on a decentralised storage, emails when stored in the database and,
of course, the access key for the recipient. AES-256-CBC encryption is being used
throughout the project.

Inheritance
Before addressing the technical aspects of the process, it is important to note that the
Digipulse service is not an alternative to a traditional inheritance model. The user is
still subject to all inheritance laws in their respective jurisdiction. Inheritance is merely
one of the use-cases that Digipulse offers and is by no means legally binding between
the parties involved.

digipulse.io

14

The encryption process of the access keys is performed in several steps to prevent
brute force attacks and increase stored data entropy. The access information
encryption flow is performed by collecting 5 answers (5A) to standard questions, then
requesting a user to create 2 custom questions (2Q) and provide expected answers to
these questions (2A) that only they and the vault recipient would know. The encryption
happens in the following order:
•

User provides answers to 5 questions locally;

•

User creates 2 custom questions and 2 answers to these questions;

•

Using all 7 answers, a ‘key’ is created to encrypt the recipient’s access
information (private key, passphrase);

•

Send the encrypted access information to a server where it is encrypted
with a custom key sequence and stored in the database;

•

Use the first 5 answers to encrypt the 2 custom questions and send the
encrypted data to the server and store it in the database.

To summarise - Digipulse servers receive 2 encrypted sensitive information packages,
both of which are encrypted with the key which is present only at the creation time in
the user’s browser and is never sent out from the user’s computer.

File upload and access
All files which leave the user’s computer are encrypted with an encryption key known
only to the vault’s creator. There is technically no need to share this key with the recipient, since for the simplicity of the transfer procedure, the recipient is required to
only know the answers to the security questions. A Trezor integration has been added
for additional security, which allows to access a vault and provide the encryption key
without the necessity of typing-in the encryption key every time a vault access is being
performed.

digipulse.io

15

digipulse.io

16

File Storage
The encrypted files are stored in a decentralised manner across all storage provider
instances in several copies, thus providing the necessary data redundancy in case
a particular storage provider goes offline. The storage providers are incentivised by
receiving Digipulse tokens as a form of payment. In the primary phase, the service
will operate with limited storage space of 1Gb per vault. Once there is enough storage
space to allow further service scaling, this number will be increased.
Each vault can have only one specified recipient. Sending information to two different
parties will require two separate vault setups.

Data storage:
Centralised vs Decentralised
The service is based on the decentralised storage solution provided by Storj. Digipulse
used the openly available source code to provide its own version of a file storage that
enabled the set-up of its own decentralised version by utilising the storage space provided by individuals who in return gain DGPT tokens. When comparing both options,
the seperate network was chosen in favor of flexibility in terms of improved security
and custom functionality necessary to provide the Digipulse service.
Although encrypted files are distributed in a decentralised manner, the information
necessary for the activity tracking, recipient contacts and billing state is kept centralised
due to the limitations of blockchain technology and security considerations. To avoid
the possibility of brute forcing the secret questions, requests have to be rate limited,
thus they need to be pipelined through a centralised infrastructure.
Digipulse as a service might well be adjusted in the future to operate on a fully
decentralised architecture, but only when the technological solutions on the market
will allow for this setup, especially regarding the extensive features, which are required
by the activity tracking without the high risk factor.
Since Digipulse is a subscription-based service, in the unlikely case of business
insolvency, all users would be notified. This is therefore not a risk factor. There are two
digipulse.io

17

scenarios that might occur if Digipulse terminates its services:
•

If a user is engaged online and is actively using the service, they will get
informed about the termination of the service and choose a new service to
secure their digital assets;

•

A user’s selected recipient has been already contacted and the contents of
the vault have been delivered.

Ownership transfer
The ownership transfer process happens as follows: a user’s selected recipient is
informed through the predefined system channels of communication (email, phone
number). In case of a non-response the Digipulse team takes care of manual attempts
of reaching out to the person. If all attempts fail, the vault then remains in the system
for a period of one year and is deleted afterwards.

Privacy
None of the Digipulse team members or employees have access to user data stored
on the servers. The data itself is unreconstructable without the security answers of the
recipient or the encryption key known only to the vault creator.
Taking this into consideration, the only necessary user information is an email address, so that we can contact the vault creator in case the activity drops. Optionally,
the user can provide their phone number, so that we can also try to contact them via
phone. There is no need to perform KYC (Know Your Customer) or provide any other
PII (Personally Identifiable Information) to use the Digipulse service.
For additional security, all information stored on Digipulse servers is encrypted and
nothing is kept in plain text, so that even if a database breach were to happen, the information retrieved would be meaningless without the appropriate decryption tactics.
These rules apply to all PII too - emails, phone numbers and other data. As an additional safety measure, Digipulse is complying with PCI DSS category SAQ-A standards on
data handling, which is the type of certification used by financial institutions.

digipulse.io

18

Risk factors
Just like for any other service, the main risk factor and primary system weak point is
the integrity and safety of a client’s computer. Malwares, viruses, keyloggers and any
other malicious software can serve as the weak point and compromise the security
of one’s credentials. Digipulse is therefore committed to providing the best possible
guidelines and user practices towards safeguarding of our user digital identities, with
the practice execution falling upon the users themselves.
There are currently two vulnerable security aspects. The first is the decryption key
for unlocking a vault’s contents. To protect oneself, we strongly recommend using
hardware wallets to handle the encryption/decryption process. This second aspect
relates to the provided answers and questions for the safekeeping of the encryption
key. Since the task of creating elaborate security questions and answers falls onto the
users, we recommend rising up to the challenge by composing questions and answers
not easily guessed or deducted by using social engineering.

Recipient verification
One of the methods of avoiding the so-called “phishing” attempts of gaining access to
one’s vault contents, would be to perform identity verification of the recipient before
they can answer the remaining 2 questions. The verification process is optional, but
highly recommended since this reduces the risk of phishing significantly due to the
video based verification which is the most precise and error prone way of online ID
verification.

digipulse.io

19

Competitor analysis
While it’s obvious that the issue of cryptocurrency inheritance requires a sustainable
solution, Digipulse is currently one of the few services operating towards cryptocurrencysphere sustainability.
The market already contains several differing services (and approaches) tackling the
transfer of ownership due to the passing of the original asset holder. Some of them
include traditional methods, such as deposit boxes, cryptographic key management
firms and even saving one’s keys in a personal vault, where everything would be stored
on a ‘paper wallet’ or a hardware file storage device (USB, hardware drive).
In analysing Digipulse product and service competitors, two industries must be taken
into account:
1. Digital deposit box and vault providers;
2. Digital inheritance providers.
Several companies already operate within the ‘digital safety deposit box’ field, providing
rather similar services. The main differences between these companies lie in their
respective value propositions, offered services and pricing. The same can be said
for the ‘digital inheritance’ market players, although these services involve little to no
automation, with a dramatically different price range.
For the competitor analysis, each company was researched both individually and in
comparison to other field players (see Service feature comparison).

digipulse.io

20

Digital safety deposit box market players:
Futurevault: https://www.futurevault.com/
Versa vault: http://www.versavault.com/
fidsafe : https://www.fidsafe.com/
Dswiss: https://www.dswiss.com/en/
Digital Fortress: https://safedepositboxinsurance.com/digital_fortress/digital-fortress-main/
XAPO: https://xapo.com/vault/
SafeKeet: https://safekeet.io/

Digital inheritance (only) market players:
(ICO) Mywish (inheritance only) - https://mywish.io/index.html
(ICO) Safe Haven (inheritance only) - https://safehaven.io/
Third Key Solutions - https://thirdkey.solutions/

Service feature comparison
Name

File Deposit

Futurevault

x

Versa vault

x

Fidsafe
Dswiss
Digital
Fortress

x
x

Safekeet

x

Crypto

Inheritance

B2B2C
B2B

x

x

x

Pricing

individual
N/A
(coming
soon)
free
individual
USD 1.70
- 12.50

x
x

N/A
(coming
soon)

x

x

Safe Haven

x

x

Mywish

x

x

x

Third Key
soultions

x

x

x

x

x

x

digipulse.io

Option
for Anonymity

x
x

x

x

Activity
Tracking

x

XAPO

Digipulse

Decentralised

free
N/A
(coming
soon)

x

USD 16 640

x

USD 150
- 1500

x

x

x

USD 6.99
(in DGPT)
USD 9.99

21

Overall, the ‘digital safety deposit box’ industry, can be described as new and
unsaturated. Most companies operating within the industry have directed their
production efforts towards developing specific features, adapting to their customer
needs, with the majority providing file storage space and secure encryption. And while
some of the companies offer inheritance solutions for businesses and individuals,
only a select few are focusing on delivering solutions for cryptocurrency owners; most
market players are operating solely in the field of inheritance.
The aforementioned competitor analysis demonstrates that all market players have
their own strengths. What sets Digipulse apart from other services, other than its
product multi-use cases, is the key feature of users being able to use the service
completely anonymously, which no other solution provides.
Currently, Digipulse might even be considered a first mover within the industry of
blockchain based safety deposit boxes. A successfully executed market entry strategy
is predicted to ensure that Digipulse conquers a large market portion.

digipulse.io

22

Business structure
Digipulse offers a subscription-based service comprised of two categories:
• “Active vault” - a decentralized asset storage (both digital and crypto), which
enables users to remain anonymous and manage their asset transfer to
predefined recipients based on an automated trigger release mechanism;
• “Pulse network” - by utilising third party API’s, a user’s online activity is
supplied into the platform triggering the vault release mechanism alongside
information about the subscribed services.
The company plans to provide Digipulse’s “Pulse network” to every user free of
charge. Users will only pay a monthly fee for their “active vault” . (“Active vault” pricing
is disclosed on the website) “The service can either be paid for in Digipulse tokens
(DGPT) or in fiat currency - the token price will be about 30% lower than that made in
fiat. The price difference is made in order to stimulate the underlying token mechanics.
Digipulse will also gradually and continuously expand the “Pulse network” by integrating
existing API’s of services into the network and on-boarding businesses through the
integration of the Digipulse API into their services.

Token mechanics
An integral part of the business is the underlying token mechanism that is put in place
to sustain the operations of Digipulse. The incoming user payments will be distributed
into three categories:
•

Storage providers - will receive a “base” rate of 1.50 USD / (DGPT/USD
rate)4 DGPT (in case of insufficient income from service usage, base “rate”
will be paid out from the 25% company pool) + 10% of all incoming payments made in DGPT tokens (the distribution will afterwards happen on a
pro-rata basis, depending of the allocated storage space - the minimum
shared space to be eligible for receiving the reward is 1 GB):
storage space reward = 1.50 USD / (DGPT/USD rate)+10%*incoming DGPT
payments

digipulse.io

23

•

The Foundation - will receive all of the incoming payments in DGPT after
subtracting the 10% that are allocated for storage providers:
Foundation =(100%-10%)*incoming payments

The company will manually evaluate the necessity to refill the company pool by utilising
the incoming funds.

The Digipulse token
Token technical info:
• Name - Digipulse token
• Token ticker - DGPT
• Token type - Utility token*
• Token standard - ERC20
• Decimals - 18
• Smart contract address:
https://etherscan.io/address/0xf6cfe53d6febaeea051f400ff5fc14f0cbbdaca1
Exchanges:
The Digipulse token is traded on the following exchanges:
• Upcoin.com: https://upcoin.com/
• Cryptopia: https://www.cryptopia.co.nz/Exchange/?market=DGPT_BTC
• EtherDelta: https://etherdelta.com/#DGPT-ETH

digipulse.io

24

The Company
The Digipulse Foundation Trust is the sole owner and executor of the Digipulse
project. The Trust has attracted highly skilled and motivated IT professionals that are
passionate about developing new blockchain-based applications.
Active project development started in September 2016, with an initial focus on helping
individuals discover digital assets accumulated by their family members. This vision
further evolved into having a single space for ‘all things digital’ and utilising the
existing network possibilities to make the transfership process automated. This idea
then received additional spin when the crypto-based service Coinbase was added to
its scope.
December 2016 saw an updated brandbook and a name change, from the more
complex Unobliterate to the more memorable Digipulse.
In 2017 the idea was further presented to investors during a leading Baltic tech event
TechChill, where the initial investor feedback gave Digipulse founders confidence that
they were on the right track, developing a solution to a problem that has not been
tackled yet.
The initial project development was done during the founder spare time, while trying
to secure funding from the European Fund “Horizon 2020”.
When Bitcoin saw a huge price spike in May of 2017, the founders came to realise that the
majority of the technologically savvy population is catching up with cryptocurrencies,
thus switching the primary focus to targeting crypto users and leaving the project’s
memorabilia aspect as the secondary focus.

We truly do believe that blockchain and cryptocurrencies are the future behind
decentralised services. Digipulse is created by crypto users, for crypto users. Our
ultimate mission is to ensure that each individual feels safe about their digital and
crypto assets.

* For the legal opinion of the Utility token see appendix A.
digipulse.io

25

Sources
1. Areiel E. “A Case Study for Blockchain in Healthcare”, MIT Media Lab, 2016
2. http://www.symbolsurfing.com/largest-companies-by-market-capitalization, February 21st, 2018
3. Roberts, J.J., Rapp, N. (2017, November 25) Exclusive: Nearly 4 Million Bitcoins
Lost Forever, New Study Says. Retrieved from http://fortune.com/2017/11/25/
lost-bitcoins/
4. Top 100 Richest Bitcoin Addresses. Bitcoin Rich List. Retrieved on February 21,
2018 from https://bitinfocharts.com/top-100-richest-bitcoin-addresses.html
5. Little, S. (2017, December 14). Bitcoin latest: Third of millennials will be invested
in the cryptocurrency in 2018. The Independent. Retrieved from https://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/bitcoin-latest-news-millennials-cryptocurrency-investment-2018-london-block-exchange-a8108106.html
6. Gitlen, J. (2017, October 31). Ethereum, Ripple, and Initial Coin Offering (ICO) Survey Data & Report. LendEDU. Retrieved from https://lendedu.com/blog/ethereum-ripple-ico-survey-data-report/

digipulse.io

26

Appendix A

Appendix B

