Digiwage Team
June 2018
V.2.0

CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION

3

BUSINESS CASE

4

TECHNICAL SHEET

5

DIGIWAGE WORKPLACE

6

DECENTRALIZED PAYMENT SYSTEM

7

DEVELOPMENT ROADMAP

11

DISCLAIMER

12

CITATIONS

14

INTRODUCTION
While it’s clear that blockchain has brought decentralization capabilities to
many areas of industry, hi-tech and finance, it’s yet unclear how they will be
applied on real life case scenarios.
This lack of perspective, while expected from every early-adoption phase
infrastructure, is preventing businesses and individuals to access to the
advantages of this ground-breaking technologies in a quick, affordable and
safe way.
Digiwage Team is focused on bridging this gap in the Jobs and Workplace
industry, by developing and providing the necessary tools for entrepreneurs,
freelance workers and anyone who works in the global services arena.
Key to this strategy is the creation of the Digiwage cryptocurrency, that
provides the necessary blockchain technology layer as a base for
anonymous, instant and decentralized payments.
Still most of the reduced public that made inroads into cryptocurrencies
lately thinks that this is only about coins and money transfer.
Actually, bitcoin-based blockchain is already a decentralized smart contract
enforcement platform by using bitcoin’s script language. While some have
tried to downplay its power by saying it’s not a Turing complete machine,
others point this as more of and advantage than a disadvantage.
But the fact is that today it’s still underused, when that’s the real value of it,
and that’s how Digiwage Team aims to leverage its full potential for the
worldwide services industry by using it for the decentralized payment
system.

BUSINESS CASE
Current digital workplace and freelance scene is ironically controlled by a few
powerful players, that enforce centralization and leave developers,
designers, creators and entrepreneurs with little choice of anything and high
mediation fees for everything.
The arrival of blockchain technology opens a new window of opportunity,
that may transform the freelance landscape for good and will create new,
exciting and trustless collaboration frameworks with higher degrees of
freedom and no need of a central authority that restricts expansive projects.
Central to this decentralized target, is the creation of a blockchain secured
payment system, that all the actors in a services contract can use to fund
escrows, pay and get paid, or even request for arbitration services, all this
without intervention of any bank, card or other fiat payment schema.

Problem

Digiwage Solution

Centralized contract enforcement.

Contracts enforced by trustless
blockchain, encryption based
signatures.

High mediation fees whatever the
result.

Mediator is only required when
arbitrage is required. If all parts
agree, they can execute the contract
on their own by signing.

High fees from different
conventional fiat payment systems

Low fees of Digiwage cryptocurrency
network

Rigid cooperation frameworks

Flexible, trustless cooperation
frameworks.

TECHNICAL SHEET
Basic Characteristics

Economics

Go-Live Date: March 27, 2018
Ticker: WAGE
Sub Unit 1 mWAGE=0.001 WAGE
Lowest Unit 0.00000001 WAGE
Mining Strategy: PoS + Masternodes
Base Platform PivX
Algorithm: Quark
Block size: 1MB
Max. coins:
Current circulation: 40 Millions
First 14 months are deflationary.
Max. Circulation: unlimited
Avg. block time: 1 min.

No Initial Coin Offering (ICO)
Self-funded
BLOCK REWARD BREAKDOWN
1-86400 120 WAGE
86401-259200 60 WAGE
259201-432000 30 WAGE
432001-604800 15 WAGE
604801-Infinite 7.5 WAGE
Masternodes 66.66%
POS 33.33%

Masternodes
They provide a layer for contract enforcement, InstantSend/PrivateSend
capabilities, and can be enabled to act as a decentralized governance
system ​[1]
Digiwage Masternodes require an initial deposit (12000 WAGE) and are
rewarded at each block creation, acting as an incentive for profitable
investment and a long-term commitment towards Digiwage project.

Technologies used
Android Studio, Angular.js, C/C++, HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, Node, Swift,
jQuery, Blockchain, Multisignature, Distributed Ledgers, Open Application
Programming Interfaces (API).

DIGIWAGE WORKPLACE
The Digiwage Freelance Workplace will perform as a business hub for
entrepreneurs, freelancers, startups and developers.
Powered by the Digiwage Network, the decentralized nature of the
marketplace platform and its associated payment system will provide
freedom and flexibility to build different combinations of modern
collaboration frameworks, minimizing the management frictions and fees
and enabling the creation of high-efficiency project teams.
A quick glance on the different collaboration possibilities:
Micro-jobs

The sellers will quote a specific price for a service.

Hourly

Enables the freelancers to post their services on an
hourly basis.

Buyer
requests

Any Entrepreneur can post their requirements and look
for a freelancer matching them.

Project teams

Makes it easier for startups to form teams across
various technologies and projects

Developer
Directory

Skill sets are linked to user profiles and public addresses
on the blockchain, creating a complete developer
directory that will make easier for anyone to search for
technology specific professionals.

Crowdfunding

Users can post their ideas with a well developed white
paper and request voting to raise funds and find
resources within the platform to kickstart any new
projects

The platform and the wallet apps will also provide collaborative and
management tools to facilitate the communication among all participants.
Initially the base currency will be WAGE. Later on, the workplace will provide
third party currency conversion tools to facilitate deals using other
currencies ​[2]​. In a more advanced point of the roadmap, a DEX
(decentralized cryptocurrency exchange) will replace those 3rd party tools
and create a 100% autonomous, multi-currency payment gateway.

DECENTRALIZED PAYMENT SYSTEM
The approach taken in our design excludes the use of centralized web
wallets from the beginning.
While this decision would substantially simplify the payment process
development, it has so many critical consequences regarding security,
privacy and identity theft, that it can’t hardly be considered as convenient
under any sensible modern industry standard, and will not be accepted by
any party trying to do serious business.
Any web wallet containing private keys and funds have been a recurrent and
fruitful target for hackers, leading as a side consequence to make the
mainstream public to be skeptical about the security of the blockchain
technology, without an actual reason behind.
Web servers are open to many exploits, denial of service and even social
engineering attacks. This approach rules out a great deal of the advantages
offered by peer to peer, distributed ledger technologies represented by
cryptocurrencies.
The proposed payment process for the Digiwage Workplace Platform
integrates all the features into Digiwage Core client, allowing all participants
to keep their private keys safely kept into their PCs, preferably in an
encrypted wallet for tighter security.
Roles involved.
Buyer​: user of the Workplace Platform who contracts a service or purchases
a good.
Seller​: user of the Workplace Platform who sales a service or good.
Mediator​: user that provides a mediation in case of dispute in a deal. Initially
it will be some administrator or moderator in the Platform, but can be
extended in the future to other users. It is not a mandatory role as long as
there is agreement among the other parts.
The three role users will need a Digiwage Core wallet, with a public address
registered into the Workplace Platform to engage into this payment process.

Role enhancement for flexible cooperation frameworks
Note that the system can be easily expanded to support different
cooperation frameworks, for example N entrepreneurs acting as buyers and
M buyers providing combined services to provide a broader project under a
multi-party, multi-signature blockchain-enforced contract ​[3]
Basic functional diagram:

Each escrow and payment operations are sent from Digiwage Core Client,
and broadcasted into Digiwage P2P Network. Every approval is signed by
each party using their exclusive private keys, making fraud impossible while
those private keys remain safe on the user’s PC.
All the Workplace Platform needs is to keep the parties public addresses, and
it can protect itself from tampering or fraudulent impersonations by

requiring each request to provide that address’ public key, which can’t
forged and only lives in the user’s encrypted wallet file.
As a key feature to solve disputes or other abnormal developments in a deal
or contract, the Digiwage Platform can provide its own private key signature,
to sign a final operation that can release funds partially or totally in a final
dispute resolution, or even unlock funds in case one party retires from the
deal.
The decentralized characteristic of the system is shown when a deal ends to
all parties’ satisfaction. Then buyer and seller can sign the final transaction
and release the funds from the escrow address to the final recipient.

Systems diagram:

Workplace Platform is required to provide basic support for the deals and the
contract status. Then all payment operations are conducted by the parties
directly using the especially adapted Digiwage Core Client.
Unlike other core clients that just provide basic on-chain transfers,
Digiwage’s allow to follow all pending deals and disputes, perform the
escrow deposits (for buyers) and facilitate the signing process for the
multi-signature transactions that will finally unlock the funds to the final
recipients.
Finally, Workplace Platform has access to the mediator wallet, to solve
disputes and allow the execution of a final agreement (whether it includes a
partial or total refund for the buyer.

DEVELOPMENT ROADMAP

DISCLAIMER
The purpose of this whitepaper is to present the Digiwage Workplace, and its
associated cryptocurrency. The information set forth herein may not be
exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a contractual relationship. Its
sole purpose is to provide relevant, reasonable information to potential
investors and participants in order form them to determine whether to
undertake a more thorough analysis of the project.
Nothing in this whitepaper shall be deemed to constitute a prospectus of any
sort or a solicitation for investment, nor does it in any way pertain to an
offering or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction.
This document is informative in nature only - it has not been composed in
accordance with (nor is subject to) the laws or regulations of any jurisdiction
that may have been designed to protect investors.
The Digiwage team expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any
direct or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever arising
directly or indirectly from:
1) Reliance on any information contained in this document
2) Any error, omission, or inaccuracy in any such information, or
3) Any action resulting therefrom.
This whitepaper may contain references to third-party data and industry
publications. As far as Digiwage is aware, the information reproduced in this
whitepaper is accurate, and that its estimates and assumptions are
reasonable. However, there are no assurances as to the accuracy or
completeness of this information. Although information and data reproduced
in this whitepaper are believed to have been obtained from reliable sources,
we have not independently verified the information or data from third-party
sources referred to in this whitepaper or ascertained any underlying
assumptions relied upon by such sources.
This whitepaper contains forward-looking statements or information that
relate to Digiwage's current expectations and views of future events.
Digiwage has based these forward-looking statements on its current
expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that it

believes may affect its financial condition, results of operations, business
strategy, financial needs, or the value or price stability of Digiwage. Undue
reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements.
Cryptocurrencies are a high-risk investment and may not be suitable for all
types of investors. Before purchasing any cryptocurrency, one must ensure
that the nature, complexity and risks inherent in the trading of
cryptocurrency are suitable for his/her objectives. Cryptocurrencies should
not be purchased without understanding the extent of exposure to potential
loss.
Cryptocurrency exchange rates have exhibited strong volatility to date and
the extent of exposure to potential loss could extend to the entire
cryptocurrency investment. Many factors outside of the control of Digiwage
will affect the market price of cryptocurrencies, including, but not limited to,
national and international economic, financial, regulatory, political, terrorist,
military, and other events, adverse or positive news events and publicity,
and generally extreme, uncertain, and volatile market conditions. Extreme
changes in price and ability to sell/exchange may occur at any time.

CITATIONS
[1] Chain Intelligence ​Masternodes: An Introduction
[2] Changelly ​https://changelly.com/
[3] Bitcoin wiki - ​Multisignature applications

