DINERO CRYPTOCURRENCY WHITE PAPER

May 2018

“Kids born today will look at paper money vs digital money in a
similar way that many millennials think about handwritten letters
vs email.” [1]
Anthony Pompliano, March 2018

Page 2

ABSTRACT

4

CROSSING THE ADOPTION CHASM

5

VISION

8

A LITTLE HELP FOR EVERYONE

9

DECENTRALISED GOVERNANCE & BUDGETING

11

TEAM

13

DINERO COIN SPECIFICATIONS

15

NEOSCRYPT HASH ALGORITHM

15

WHY ASIC-RESISTANT?

16

DARK GRAVITY WAVE

16

MASTERNODES

16

BLOCK REWARDS

17

CURRENCY SUPPLY

18

COINS MINED PER YEAR

18

ROADMAP

19

DINERO FOUNDATION

21

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

21

PROBLEM TO BE SOLVED

22

CRYPTOCURRENCY ADOPTION

22

DOING GOOD FOR OUR COMMUNITIES

25

COOPERATION WITH LEGAL AUTHORITIES

34

REFERENCES

35

Page 3

ABSTRACT
Dinero is an open source cryptocurrency based on Bitcoin and
Dash which provides fast private transactions along with low/no
transaction fees. Dinero incorporates many of the improvements
which Dash has made on top of Bitcoin as well as the addition
of an ASIC resistant hashing algorithm called NeoScrypt to
avoid any undue centralisation of mining resources. Dinero uses
a fully decentralised governance and budgeting system which
enables our community to have full democratic control over the
allocation of budgets for both our charitable goals as well as a
long-term sustainable source of funding to develop, promote
and maintain the Dinero project into the future.
In addition to our intention to make Dinero a commercially
successful and widely adopted 21st Century digital currency we
intend to have a positive impact on the world by sharing
abundantly to those who are less fortunate than us.

Page 4

CROSSING THE ADOPTION CHASM
In 2008 Satoshi Nakamoto proposed a revolutionary idea that if
fully realised would have a profound eﬀect on how commerce
was conducted. Satoshi proposed that "A purely peer-to-peer
version of electronic cash would allow online payments to be
sent directly from one party to another without going through a
financial institution [2]."
Satoshi's vision is actualised in Bitcoin, the first and largest
cryptocurrency as measured by market capitalisation.
Cryptocurrencies like any other revolutionary technology go
through what the eminent American communication theorist
Everett Rogers referred to as "a pattern of Diﬀusion of
innovations” in his 1962 work [3].
Rogers hypothesises that innovations must be widely adopted
to self-sustain and that when faced with discontinuous
innovations, users fall into five broad categories along an axis of
risk-aversion.
The categories of users are;
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.

Innovators
Early adopters
Early majority
Late majority
Laggards.

Page 5

According to the Satoshi Nakamoto Institute [4], it took from
creation in 2008 until early 2013 for Bitcoin adoption to migrate
from ‘Innovators’ to ‘Early Adopters.’
Whe n we a ppl y R oge r s t he or y, we es t imate t hat
cryptocurrencies are still relatively early in the "Early Adopter"
category of adoption.
Rogers hypothesis is well supported with previous technology
innovations such as the introduction of personal computers and
the adoption of the internet.
Management consultant and author Geoﬀrey A. Moore built
substantially on Rogers' work in his 1991 book ‘Crossing the
Chasm’ [5] where in part, he characterised the diﬀerences
between ‘Early adopters’ and ‘Early majority’ participants. In
addition to this he re-categorises the user groups as follows;

Page 6

1.
2.
3.
4.
5.

Innovators = Technology Enthusiasts
Early adopters = Visionaries
Early majority = Pragmatists
Late majority = Conservatives
Laggards = Skeptics

Moore proposed that ‘Early majority (Pragmatists)’ participants
were much more conservative, risk-averse, and substantially
more practical than their innovator (Technology Enthusiasts)
counterparts. This diﬀerence gives rise to a critical gap, which
Moore called the 'chasm'; this represents an adoption hurdle
between the ‘Early Adopters’ phase and ‘Early Majority,’ or
mainstream markets.
At Dinero, we believe that one of the most significant challenges
facing cryptocurrencies as of this writing is in bridging this gap.

Page 7

VISION
‘Our Vision is to enable everybody to easily conduct financial
transactions with anybody they choose with ease, privacy and
dignity without the need to involve or seek permission from third
parties.’
In addition to our desire to create a broadly adopted and
sustainable cryptocurrency, we also have a firmly held belief that
it is our moral responsibility to give back abundantly to those
who are less fortunate than us.
With cryptocurrencies in general, and Dinero in particular
coming from a small user base we acknowledge that our vision
is lofty.
To mitigate this, we plan on taking on individual subsets of the
overall market by developing solutions to solve real-world
problems which are not only acceptable to "early majority" users
but are in fact more desirable than the traditional alternatives.

Page 8

A LITTLE HELP FOR EVERYONE
"The curse of poverty has no justification in our age. It is socially
as cruel and blind as the practice of cannibalism at the dawn of
civilization when men ate each other because they had not yet
learned to take food from the soil or to consume the abundant
animal life around them. The time has come for us to civilize
ourselves by the total, direct and immediate abolition of
poverty.” [6]
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. 1967
At Dinero one of our most important goals is to improve the lives
of our users - all our users.
HAND-UPS VERSUS HAND-OUTS
Financial inclusion is a well-established mechanism to reduce
poverty, create employment and advance a sustainable
economic development agenda.
While traditional banking has become modestly more
accessible in the past five years, the World Banks Global
Financial Inclusion Index [7] reports that there are still
approximately 2 Billion adults globally who are unbanked.
Of the unbanked people surveyed 59% cited aﬀordability as a
key obstacle, other barriers to account-opening were the
distance from a financial service provider, lack of necessary
documentation papers, lack of trust in financial service
providers, and religion [7].
While Dinero isn't a panacea for all of these issues, we believe
we can resolve many of the common friction points with the
provision of basic blockchain enabled financial services on any
commercially available smartphone.

Page 9

While many people simply need access to a level playing field
some people need a little extra help.
We live in a world of abundance. At Dinero, we feel it both
morally the correct thing to do, as well as making good business
sense to make the world a better place by sharing generously
with people who are less fortunate than us.

Page 10

DECENTRALISED GOVERNANCE & BUDGETING
Most organisations find governance challenging; it can be
doubly so for fo a decentralised project like Dinero. Once our
governance system becomes active at block 161,000, important
decisions about the core project will be made by the network.
Governance and budget proposals can be submitted either for
the advancement of the Dinero project, which if accepted can
then be actioned by the core team; or to fund in-house or thirdparty charitable projects which help us meet our philanthropic
and charitable goals.
In addition to governance benefits, the Decentralised
Governance & Budgeting system also provides a means for
Dinero to both fund its own development, and fund our
charitable work. Dinero will use 10% of the block reward for
these purposes. Every time a block is mined, 45% of the reward
will go to the miner, 45% will go to a masternode, and the
remaining 10% will not be created until the end of the month.
During the month, anybody is free to submit a budget proposal
to the Dinero network. If their proposal is approved by at least
10% of the masternode network, then at the end of the month a
series of "superblocks" will be created. At that time, the block
rewards that were not paid out (10% of each block) will be used
to fund approved proposals. The network thus funds itself and
charitable projects by reserving 10% of the block reward for
these budget projects.

Page 11

BUDGET ALLOCATION
The total budget of the network can be calculated by taking 10%
of the reward over the period of time between two superblocks,
which occur every 27,000 blocks or approximately 29.54 days. A
voting cutoﬀ occurs before the superblock, and the final votes
are tallied at this point.
A proposal must satisfy the condition (YES votes - NO votes) >
(Total Number of Masternodes / 10) in order to be considered
passing. Then, in the superblock, the winning proposals are
awarded in the order of the margin by which they are passing
until either the entire budget is allocated or no more passing
proposals exist. This allows for completely trustless and
decentralized allocation of the budget.
BUDGET OVERSIGHT
Oversight over budget allocation will be needed. Each budget
proposal will require the proposer to periodically report on
budget expenditure and completed work to show the value
created from the allocated funds. This will allow repeat proposals
to build up a reputation and gain trust from the community.
Proposals which do not provide regular reports or cannot
answer questions about their budget allocation will soon be
defunded if it is part of a regular monthly proposal cycle. The
result is a kind of self-policing system.
Any unallocated budget is simply never created in the
superblock, thus reducing unnecessary coin inflation.

Page 12

TEAM
TIM (Co-Founder)
Tim is a native New Yorker living in New Jersey. He is a master of
many things and in addition to his Degree in information
systems owns and runs his own computer repair business. Tim
has significant cryptocurrency mining experience and takes a
particular interest in finding new and novel ways of marketing
the Dinero project. In his spare time, Tim is an avid Miata track
racer.

CASTMINER (Co-Founder)
CastMiner is a CryptoCurrency trader/miner and a full time IT
specialist with 10 years of professional experience ranging from
Technical Support to Remote Deployment. Born in The
Philippines CastMiner currently lives in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
His interest in cryptocurrency began in 2013 when Bitcoin
mining was still possible with a personal computer. He
temporarily ceased mining bitcoin after the introduction of ASIC
mining hardware but has since gotten re-engaged in GPU
mining alt-coins.

MINDMINER (Community Support)
MindMiner AKA Andy is a software engineer and IT manager
with over 15 years of professional experience specialising in SQL
and C# programming, business systems automation, and
production IT management. He was born in New Jersey and
relocated to Massachusetts after receiving his Bachelor’s
Degree from UMass Amherst. Also an experienced musician
and recording engineer, Andy has logged over 500 live
performances and has recording credits on dozens of albums.

Page 13

He became interested in cryptocurrency in the summer of 2017
and dove in head first. He built his first mining rig in November of
2017, and joined the Dinero team in February of 2018.
YOYAE (Developer)
YoYae AKA François is a top I.T. engineer with more than 3 years
specialist experience in back-end and mobile applications at
world-renowned companies.
He began his crypto career building automated trading bots and
then continued on to successfully develop monitoring tools,
wallets and core code for several Neoscrypt and X11
cryptocurrencies.

Page 14

DINERO COIN SPECIFICATIONS

Ticker

DIN

Prefix

D

Encryption Algorithm

NeoScrypt

Block Reward as of 2018

30 DIN

Reward Reduction

9% per Year

Block Time Target

90 seconds

Block Size

2MB

Network Port

26285

RPC Port

9998

Diﬀ Retargeting Algorithm

Dark Gravity Wave

Masternode Collateral

5,000 DIN

Estimated Coin Circulation

~100 million DIN by 2038

Premine

2% (2 million)

NEOSCRYPT HASH ALGORITHM
NeoScrypt is a modern proof of work (PoW) algorithm designed
by John Doering [8] to replace Scrypt. It is designed as an “ASICresistant” algorithm for GPU mining, and requires RAM as well
as GPU power to solve. RAM requires more area on the chip
than CPU-based designs, making the production of highpowered ASICs unprofitable.

Page 15

WHY ASIC-RESISTANT?
Since their introduction, Application Specific Integrated Chip
(ASIC) devices have centralised the process of Bitcoin mining to
a substantial degree. We believe that there are significant
benefits in keeping mining as decentralised as possible,
including protecting the network from abuse and interruptions
as well as providing a fairer system to all involved.
DARK GRAVITY WAVE
DGW or Dark Gravity Wave is an open source diﬀicultyadjusting algorithm for Bitcoin-based cryptocurrencies that was
authored by Evan Duﬀield, the developer and creator of Dash.
Dinero uses Version 3.0 of DGW to continually adjust the
diﬀiculty levels every block (instead of every 2016 blocks like
Bitcoin) based on statistical data from recently found blocks. This
makes it possible to issue a blocks with relatively consistent
times, even if the hashing power on our network experiences
high fluctuations.

MASTERNODES
Dinero masternodes are full nodes running the same wallet
software on the Dinero network. In addition to providing
additional services to the network such as coin mixing for
increased privacy of transactions, instant send and being a
central part of the decentralised governance and budgeting
system, masternodes are also becoming more important for
network stability as more people decide to forgo running a full
node themselves on a desktop computer in favour of a lite wallet
that does not require downloading the entire blockchain.

For providing these valuable services, masternodes are
rewarded with a portion of the new Dinero created in each new
Page 16

block (50% until block 161,000 , then 45%). This serves as a
passive income for masternode owners even after they have
paid their VPS costs.
BLOCK REWARDS
YEAR
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027

REWARD
30 DIN
27.3 DIN
24.8 DIN
22.5 DIN
20.5 DIN
18.6 DIN
16.9 DIN
15.4 DIN
14 DIN
12.7 DIN

YEAR
2028
2029
2030
2031
2032
2033
2034
2035
2036
2037

Page 17

REWARD
11.6 DIN
10.5 DIN
9.6 DIN
8.7 DIN
7.9 DIN
7.2 DIN
6.5 DIN
5.9 DIN
5.4 DIN
4.9 DIN

CURRENCY SUPPLY

COINS MINED PER YEAR

Page 18

ROADMAP
Cryptocurrencies are a nascent and unprecedented innovation.
We have a firm vision for where we see Dinero in the future;
however, with both the technology and the regulatory
environment evolving at an increasingly rapid pace, it can
sometimes be diﬀicult to predict how we get from here to there.
On this basis, in principle we favour the concept of using
"Compasses versus Maps", that is that we have certainty about
the direction in which we are heading, but we retain a significant
degree of flexibility about how we get there.
To this end, we believe that our vision is equally as important as
our roadmap and every item that makes it onto our roadmap
must be measured to ensure that it leads us towards our vision.
In addition to this, we wanted to keep our roadmap dynamic in
order to incorporate the decentralised governance proposals
from our community. For these reasons, we decided to
implement a dynamic roadmap on our website [9] rather than a
fixed point-in-time roadmap.

Page 19

At the time of writing the items on our roadmap are as follows;
Q4 2017
• Original Concepts
• Code Development
Q1 2018
• Dinero 1.0 Released
• Release of Windows, Linux and OSX Wallets
• Dinero Team Established
• Dinero Trading on 3 Exchanges
• 750 Community Members
• Release of IOS Wallet on Apple Play Store
• Release of Android Wallet on Google Play
• Launch of Web Wallet
• Launch of Paper Wallet
• Launch of Masternode & Governance monitoring Website
• Launch of Dinero Website
Q2 2018
• Publication of Whitepaper
• Listing on Decentralised Exchanges
• First atomic swap with another coin
• Launch of Governance system
Q3 2018
• First Superblock payouts
• Charity Partnerships
• Initiate digital marketing plan
Q4 2018
• Dinero Merchant Solutions
2019 +
• Dinero Foundation
• Dinero Craft Marketplace
• Dinero Conference
Page 20

DINERO FOUNDATION
In order to ensure the the ongoing success and transparent
operations of the Dinero project, the Core team intend setting up
The Dinero Blockchain Foundation ("Foundation"). The
Foundation will be mandated to develop the Dinero Blockchain,
to advocate governance transparency, to promote the project
internationally and to ensure that the project’s philanthropic and
charitable goals are met.
The objective will be to have The Dinero Blockchain Foundation
have its own separate legal status and be registered in an
appropriate jurisdiction as a "Not-For-Profit" Entity.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
The Dinero project would not have been possible without the
prior work of Satoshi Nakamoto, The Bitcoin Core developers,
The Dash Core developers, John Doering and an extensive list of
other talented and generous contributors. We are both humbled
and proud to be part of the open-source community, and we
hope that in time we too can add value that others can utilise for
the benefit of society. We are also incredibly grateful to our
passionate community members who have helped us every
step of the way.

Page 21

PROBLEM TO BE SOLVED
As highlighted in the abstract there are two main challenges we
wish to address with Dinero.
1. Cryptocurrency adoption
2. Doing good for our communities

CRYPTOCURRENCY ADOPTION
We believe that cryptocurrencies have a bright future. When we
examine the market through the lens of the "early adopters", it is
clear that the market is saturated with more than enough
oﬀerings to satisfy most users in this category. Unfortunately, in
many cases, there is little diﬀerentiation from one cryptocurrency
solution to the next.
When we look at the market from the perspective of the average
"early majority user" it becomes clear that few of the existing
solutions are making any significant eﬀort to “cross the chasm”
between these user types. As highlighted by both Moore and
Rogers these user groups have very diﬀerent sets of
expectations and the products and services which are
appropriate for the early adopters are almost never suitable for
the early majority users.
As one of the first steps in our journey, we released both mobile
phone apps and a web-based wallet. These provide a first step
which we hope will help to make it easier for users, but we are
fully aware that there is a significant distance to go beyond this.
We believe that the overwhelming prevalence of desktop
wallets in cryptocurrency when compared to most other
technological innovations of the past decade should give a clue
to any keen observers as to where the next innovations needs to
occur. In addition to the obvious mobility and device
requirements, we need to concentrate significant resources to
Page 22

research and improve user interfaces, experiences, and use
cases.
In addition to improving user interfaces and user experiences
we also need to address head on the fundamental challenge
that the "early majority users" will bring.
Early majority users are seeking to solve real-world problems in
the most eﬀicient way possible rather than exploring the
technology for the sake of technology. On top of this, they are
much less tolerant when it comes to counterintuitive concepts
and interfaces, and we expect we have a significant body of
work to re-imagine par ts of the user experience to
accommodate this group. They are typically expecting a fully
formed product that is an evolutionary improvement to what
they are used to.
Unfortunately, our experience suggests that many new, wouldbe users of cryptocurrencies find the technology, concepts,
interfaces, and sometimes existing user communities
unapproachable and tend to avoid the technology entirely rather
than deal with the abasement of the innovators and early
adopters.

In order to solve these challenges, we need to work on many
areas in parallel.

While we ultimately aspire to have Dinero in use by everyone,
we recognise that if we are targeting everyone, we will likely
reach no one. To avoid this trap, we have decided to identify
specific user groups and use cases where cryptocurrencies are
capable of providing a significantly superior solution to the
traditional alternative. We will then develop end-to-end solutions
for these users and use cases and work through these
implementations methodically to achieve a satisfactory
outcome. In combination with developing new solutions we
Page 23

believe there is a requirement to drastically rethink the user
interface that users are expected to use.

Page 24

DOING GOOD FOR OUR COMMUNITIES
SOCIETIES GRAND CHALLENGES
When we reflect our ever-changing society, it is clear that on
one hand we live in a world of abundance. Despite this
abundance, significant levels of injustice and inequality remain
for many people. In 2015, world leaders at the United Nations
General Assembly formally adopted the 2030 Agenda for
Sustainable Development [10] which set out 17 goals for a better
world by 2030.
THE 17 GOALS FOR A BETTER WORLD ARE:
• Goal 1. End poverty in all its forms everywhere
• Goal 2. End hunger, achieve food security and improved
nutrition and promote sustainable agriculture
• Goal 3. Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at
all ages
• Goal 4. Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and
promote lifelong learning opportunities for all
• Goal 5. Achieve gender equality and empower all women and
girls
• Goal 6. Ensure availability and sustainable management of
water and sanitation for all
• Goal 7. Ensure access to aﬀordable, reliable, sustainable and
modern energy for all
• Goal 8. Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable
economic growth, full and productive employment and
decent work for all
• Goal 9. Build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and
sustainable industrialization and foster innovation
• Goal 10. Reduce inequality within and among countries
• Goal 11. Make cities and human settlements inclusive, safe,
resilient and sustainable
• Goal 12. Ensure sustainable consumption and production
patterns
Page 25

• Goal 13. Take urgent action to combat climate change and its
impacts*
• Goal 14. Conserve and sustainably use the oceans, seas and
marine resources for sustainable development
• Goal 15. Protect, restore and promote sustainable use of
terrestrial ecosystems, sustainably manage forests, combat
desertification, and halt and reverse land degradation and halt
biodiversity loss
• Goal 16. Promote peaceful and inclusive societies for
sustainable development, provide access to justice for all and
build eﬀective, accountable and inclusive institutions at all
levels
• Goal 17. Strengthen the means of implementation and
revitalize the global partnership for sustainable development
Each goal can be categorised into one or more of the following
categories; People, Planet, Prosperity, Peace and Partnership.
Some of our observations regarding these goals include the fact
that they are tough to argue with, after all, who wouldn't want to
end poverty, hunger, ill-health and inequality? Additionally we
believe that Dinero can play a part in the "People" and
"Prosperity" categories.
We have identified several amazing people and organisations
who are already doing incredible things to make our world a
better place. Clearly, there is enough poverty, injustice, inequality
and wrongdoing in the world to go around and there is no need
for unnecessary competition to "right these wrongs". Instead of
re-inventing any wheels, we believe that when we find a person
or organisation who is already striving for a better world, the best
approach for Dinero might be to support the excellent work of
others with either financial assistance or community support.
For example; We recently came across a project called Crypto
for Cúcuta.[11] The project aims to distribute $2,000,000 USD in
cryptocurrencies to an influx of Venezuelan immigrants into the
city of Cúcuta who have fled their country because of
Page 26

hyperinflation and subsequent economic decimation caused by
the mismanagement of their natural resources, economy and
currency. The Crypto for Cúcuta team and other cryptocurrency
projects already have a robust plan in place, so rather than
duplicating eﬀort the Dinero community and team decided that
providing financial assistance was the correct course of action in
this case.
On the other hand, there are unfortunately many people and
communities who need help, and many problems that remain
unsolved. Regarding these challenges, there are two broad
approaches we could take;
1.

Support our community in finding an appropriate solution
and then help through governance budget proposals and
project support.
2. Engage more directly by having the Dinero Foundation
partner with a third-party organisation to directly address
the challenge.

BALANCING THE COMMERCIAL NATURE OF A
CRYPTOCURRENCY WITH OUR SOCIAL MANDATE.
Doing good is not only our moral imperative, it is we believe the
best possible Marketing and PR strategy in our modern world.
Notwithstanding the fact that Digital Media companies including
Google, Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn have all recently
forbidden marketing cryptocurrency projects we have always
believed that being socially responsible was one of the best
ways of promoting Dinero.
People in general and Millennials in particular, are increasingly
suspicious of information they receive from marketing and
advertisements [12]. People are no longer swayed by brands
with entertaining ads. In particular, digital natives are likely to
Page 27

question an advertiser’s authenticity and true motives behind
any flashy advertising campaign or catchy slogans.
Rather than spending money on independently advertising and
promoting Dinero, we feel that if we spent the same money on
making our world a better place we can create a kind of virtuous
cycle that benefits everyone involved.
For example, if we fund a given project, in addition to the warm
feeling of satisfaction we get from doing the right thing, we can
also expect in many cases to get some positive public relations
and marketing opportunities from our engagement. We would
expect that positive PR and marketing would attract more
people to Dinero which should have a positive impact on the
$DIN exchange rate. A positive increase in $DIN value, in turn,
makes it possible to have an even more significant impact with
our future governance funded projects, which should lead to
even more and better PR and marketing opportunities.

WE SEE THIS AS A TRULY WIN-WIN SCENARIO.

Page 28

CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

Except where expressly indicated, the statements and
information set forth in this Whitepaper are not intended to recite
current or historical facts, and constitute forward looking
statements. Forward-looking statements may include the words
"may," "will," "could," "should," "would," "believe," "expect,"
"anticipate," "estimate," "intend," "plan" or other words or
expressions of similar meaning.
These forward-looking statements are based on the current
beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations and/
or intentions of the Dinero Team with respect to future events.
Although the Dinero Team believes that the expectations
reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, the
Dinero Team cannot guarantee the successful establishment or
operation of its systems and business or any future results, level
of activity, performance or achievements. Many factors
discussed in this Whitepaper or otherwise aﬀecting the matters
discussed herein, some or all of which may be currently
unknown to the Dinero Team or beyond the Dinero Team’s
control, will be important in determining the ability of the Dinero
Team to establish and operate its systems and business.
Consequently, actual results may diﬀer materially from those that
might be anticipated from the statements and information set
forth herein. In light of these and other uncertainties, the
statements and information set forth in this Whitepaper are for
informational purposes only, should not be relied upon in
making any purchase or other decision, are subject to change,
and are not intended to establish or indicate any representation,
warranty, commitment, undertaking, promise or contract made
on the part of the Dinero Team to any person. the Dinero Team
does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as required by
law.
Page 29

DISCLAIMER
This document is for informational purposes only and does not
constitute an oﬀer or solicitation to sell shares or securities in the
Dinero Project or any related or associated enterprise. Please
read the Risk Disclosures at the end of this Whitepaper. The
Dinero Team may make changes to this Whitepaper. Please visit
dinerocoin.org for the most recent version of this whitepaper.
The Dinero Team expressly disclaims any and all responsibility
for any direct or consequential loss or damage arising directly or
indirectly from
1. reliance on information in this document
2. any error, inaccuracy, or omission in this document
3. any action resulting from information contained in this
document.
Dinero, as of the time of writing,
1. Can only be traded on a limited number of
cryptocurrency exchanges.
2. Are a virtual concept that exist only on the blockchain. All
mentions of Dinero coins as if they were physical objects
are an approximation of the digital objects.
All participants, holders, and consumers of Dinero coins
understand they are still in early development, and carry
significant regulatory, operational, and technical risks.
Obligation to determine if purchaser can legally purchase Dinero
The Dinero Team have not and do not intend to sell Dinero coins
to any individual. It is the responsibility of each purchaser of
Dinero to determine whether they can legally purchase Dinero
in their jurisdiction.

Page 30

UPDATES TO TERMS
the Dinero Team reserves at its sole discretion, the right to
modify, remove, or add terms to the "Terms and Conditions"
section of the dinerocoin.org website at https://dinerocoin.org.
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
By purchasing, acquiring or mining Dinero, each participant
represents that:
They have read & understood the risks outlined in the
whitepaper.
• They can legally purchase or acquire Dinero in their
jurisdiction.
• They are of suﬀicient legal age to purchase or acquire Dinero
in their jurisdiction, or that they have a parent or has received
permission from legal guardian who has
• read & accepted the terms.
• They represent and warrants that the participant will take sole
responsibility
• for any restrictions and risks associated with the purchase or
acquisition of Dinero.
• They are not purchasing Dinero for the purpose of speculative
investment.
DINERO MAY NOT HAVE VALUE
There is NO GUARANTEE -- and no reason to believe -- the
Dinero you purchase will increase in value. It may decrease in
value, and it may become worth nothing.
DINERO IS NOT EVIDENCE OF OWNERSHIP
Having Dinero does not grant any control or ownership or equity
in the Dinero Team or its products. Dinero ownership does not
grant any right to participate in the control or decision making of
the Dinero Team.

Page 31

RISK DISCLOSURE
RISK OF LACK OF ADOPTION
Dinero could fail to become widely adopted. In this case, Dinero
coins would have limited value because they do not represent a
fundamental value.
RISK OF LOSING DINERO DUE TO LOSS OF
CREDENTIALS
An end-users Dinero may be associated with the Dinero wallet
in which it is held. The loss of private key or other credentials to
the wallet may result in the loss of Dinero.
RISK OF DISRUPTION IN THE ECOSYSTEM
An exchange or other liquidity provider in the cryptocurrency
ecosystem could be hacked. A bunch of coins could flood the
market and aﬀect Dinero's market price.
RISK OF SHARING CREDENTIALS
Any third party that gets access to an end-users credentials,
may be able to destroy or steal the funds.
RISK OF SECURITY BREACHES TO THE DINERO TEAM
The Dinero Team's servers could be hacked, and the private
keys or other confidential information could be leaked.
REGULATORY RISKS
Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other blockchains have been subjected
to scrutiny by regulatory bodies around the globe. The value of
Dinero could decline if regulatory bodies take actions that could
impede, limit, or provides disincentives to the development or
use of Dinero.
Page 32

RISK OF CRYPTOGRAPHIC WEAKNESSES OR
BREAKTHROUGHS IN CRYPTOGRAPHY
It is a risk that advances in technology, or that weaknesses in the
cryptography of Dinero, could result in loss or theft of Dinero.

RISK OF BUG OR MALFUNCTION
In modern software development, bugs or malfunctions may
occur. It is possible that a bug or malfunction could be
programmed into Dinero, or to dinerocoin.org, such that a loss of
Dinero occurs.
RISK OF DISSOLUTION OF THE DINERO TEAM
It is possible that the Dinero project may no longer be viable as a
project and may dissolve.
UNANTICIPATED RISKS
Cryptocurrencies are a new technology. In addition to the risks
presented above, there are risks that the Dinero Team cannot
anticipate.
COMBINATIONS OF RISKS
It is possible that any of the above events could combine, in
many diﬀerent permutations, that would represent a threat to the
value of Dinero.
FUTURE RISKS
More risks may materialise in the future.

Page 33

COOPERATION WITH LEGAL AUTHORITIES
The Dinero Team will cooperate with any law enforcement
inquiries required by law, provided they are supported by and
documented by the law in their relevant jurisdictions. If you are
in law enforcement, please be aware however that as a
decentralised system we do not store or have access to any
extra user information, other than what is readily accessible on
the Dinero blockchain. To contact the Dinero Team on behalf of
law enforcement, please email support@dinerocoin.org

Page 34

REFERENCES
1: https://twitter.com/APompliano/status/970390865087795200
2: Nakamoto, Satoshi, Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System https://
bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf, 2008
3: Rogers, E. M. Diﬀusion of Innovations. New York: Free Press, 1962.
4: End the Fed: Hoard Bitcoins http://nakamotoinstitute.org/mempool/end-the-fedhoard-bitcoins/
5: Moore,Geoﬀrey A. Crossing the Chasm. HarperBusiness, 1991.
6: King, Martin Luther Jr. Where Do We Go from Here: Chaos Or Community?. Beacon
Press. 1967.
7: https://openknowledge.worldbank.org/bitstream/handle/
10986/29510/9781464812590.pdf
8: http://phoenixcoin.org/archive/neoscrypt_v1.pdf
9: https://dinerocoin.org/roadmap/
10: https://sustainabledevelopment.un.org/post2015/transformingourworld
11: http://www.cryptocucuta.com/
12: https://cmr.berkeley.edu/blog/2017/1/millennials-and-csr/#fn8

Page 35

Page 36

