EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
The fact shows that the development of Bitcoin and Altcoin with all aspects of the
business formed by its existence until now is only able to touch a small part of the
entire world community. Our observations show that those who are directly
involved in the Crypto-token world today are only people who always follow or
have interest in the development of computer technology, internet, online
business, and online trading. Meanwhile, most of the other world communities have
not even known about the existence of Crypto-token at all.
In our opinion, a new invention or technology will be accepted easily if the invention
or technology is able to give benefits that can be felt directly by all levels of
society. Almost everyone is familiar with Bitcoin and Altcoin right now, but only
few people understand the benefits from the existence of products of those
Cryptography and Blockchain technology.
We believe that if the benefits of all products produced from Cryptography and
Blockchain technology can be felt directly by all levels of society, the growth rate
of Crypto-token users worldwide will increase sharply.
Based on these conditions, we decided to build Diruna Community Project and
launch Diruna tokens to directly introducing one of the benefits that Cryptography
and Blockchain technology products can provide through practical application in a
Crypto-token ecosystem. Community-based cultural approach by building Diruna
token ecosystems in every neighborhood is the main strategy that we will use to
introduce Crypto-token ecosystems to all levels of society in the world.
We hope that what we do through Diruna Community Project is able to overcome
the information gap and increase the number of Crypto-token users worldwide. In
this white paper, we will clearly describe our vision, mission, strategy, and overview
of the Pilot Project that we are working on in Indonesia.
Your support and participation by joining the existing Diruna Community or by
forming a new Diruna Community in the region or country wherever you are, will
help accelerate the achievement of this project.

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

2

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Executive Summary

2

Table of Contents

3

Introduction

4

Cultural Approach & Basic Needs Campaign

5

Loyalty Point

7

Online Marketplace

8

Stellar Distributed Exchange (SDEX)

9

Diruna Token Ecosystem

10

Our Vision

11

Our Current Mission

13

Overview of Socialization Phase

15

Stellar Blockchain Network

20

Diruna Token Distribution

22

Loyalty Point Program

24

Socialization Phase

24

Community Development Project

25

Operational Costs

25

Diruna Foundation

26

Our Team

27

Roadmap

29

Conclusion

31

Disclaimer

33

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

3

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

4

Diruna Community Project is a project that was built to overcome information gap
about Crypto-token in the community that have not known or not yet know indepth how the products produced from Cryptography and Blockchain technology
are actually able to be implemented and provide benefits for the entire humanity.
This project is also expected to eventually be able to increase the number of
Crypto-token users, which is still very low compared to the total population in the
world.
We are targeting to reach ordinary people who do not know at all about the world
of Crypto-token and its application in everyday life. The approach used is designed
in such a way that the process of introduction and learning for common people can
take place easily, pleasantly, profitably, and rebuild the spirit of teamwork and
mutual help in each individual who is involved in this project.
The introduction and learning process is carried out by building communities and
forming a Diruna Token Ecosystem in neighborhoods where residents live in every
region, city, or country. The Diruna Token Ecosystem that we have developed
consists of three parts: Community, Loyalty Point, and Online Marketplace. We
believe that the process of introduction and learning will take place quicker by
involving everyone into the ecosystem.

Cultural Approach & Basic Needs Campaign
Cultural approach by fostering a spirit of cooperation to help each other is the basic
principle that we use in building Diruna Communities. The biggest challenge for
this project lies in the process of gathering and uniting many people with different
backgrounds in a community.
It is undeniable that uniting many people with different backgrounds in a
community to move together and achieve the same goal is not an easy thing to do.
We need something that is able to make all the people who join the community
want to do it consciously.
Humans are social beings who do not like to be alone. In other words, humans tend
to do everything in groups or together with other humans. One of the reasons we
choose to build communities on a small scale in residential neighborhoods is to
make it easier for us to manage and direct the community. The basic human instinct
for grouping with other human beings who have similarities with themselves helps
us to minimize differences that able to divide the community.
Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

5

Fig. 1 - Humans tend to do everything in group

We use the Basic Needs Campaign to create conditions for people to be
consciously and actively involved in all activities of Diruna Community that are
built in their neighborhoods. The principle is simple, everyone has basic needs that
must be fulfilled periodically in order to live a life or socialize in their
neighborhood. When these basic needs are not met, the person's life will be
disrupted. The Basic Needs Campaign is used to make people interested because
there are routine needs that can be fulfilled, so they will finally want to join the
community with full awareness.
Campaigns carried out by emphasizing the fulfillment of basic needs by using
Loyalty Points obtained by joining the community. It will certainly attract many
people. The interest from new persons through the Basic Needs Campaign is the
main trigger that will encourage these people to find out more about the
community.
Promotional methods like this are actually not new in the world of marketing, and
we use them because the promotion method is able to touch the emotional sides
of new people that we invite to join the community better.

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

6

Loyalty Point
Have you ever been shopping at a supermarket or shop that gave a certain number
of points in the form of coupons because you have shopped at their place? Points
in the form of coupons that you get are a form of reward or Loyalty Points given
by supermarket owners or shop owners for your loyalty, because you have been
shopping at their place. The points that you get can be exchanged for certain
products, and you can only redeem Loyalty Points with the products provided if
you have a sufficient number of points for each product you want.
The Loyalty Point concept is what we later adopted through this project, to be used
in developing the Diruna Token Ecosystem in the neighborhoods throughout the
world. Ecosystem development begins with building the Diruna Community first.
Then, every member of the community who has fulfilled the requirements will be
given a Loyalty Point in the form of a digital token called Diruna Token, regularly
every day.
The loyalty points obtained by the community members are a form of appreciation
given to each member as long as they join Diruna Community. Loyalty points in
the form of Diruna Token that is obtained by each member of the community can
be exchanged for certain products or services provided in an Online Marketplace.
In the Online Marketplace, every member of Diruna Community can freely choose
the product or service to be exchanged for the Loyalty Points that he or she gets.
Online Marketplace only become a place to display products or services that can
be exchanged using Loyalty Points obtained by community members. Owner of
the Online Marketplace do not provide products or services that can be exchanged
with Loyalty Points, but these products and services are actually provided by
members of the Diruna Community itself.

Fig.2 – Loyalty point in a form of coupon

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

7

The Loyalty Point function in the form of Diruna Token in this project is similar with
the coupon or point given by the supermarket owner or the shop owner where we
shop. The coupon or point is given as a form of appreciation because we have
already shop at their place.
The only difference of Diruna Token lies in its digital form, its flexibility, relatively
safe from counterfeiting, and can be moved quickly. Loyalty Points in the form of
Diruna Tokens that are given regularly every day are awards given to each member
who decides to join and become part of the Diruna Community.

Online Marketplace
Online Marketplace concept that grew after the development of internet was able
to make the trade process develop rapidly throughout the world. Its wide reach is
able to penetrate national borders and reach out to the corners of countries. We
use the Online Marketplace concept as a storefront to display products or services
that can be exchanged for Loyalty Points. Every member of the Diruna Community
who has Loyalty Points can quickly and freely choose the products or services that
they want by visiting the website address of the available Online Marketplace.
The Online Marketplace in this project plays a key role in the process of creating a
healthy Diruna Token Ecosystem in the community. We designed the Online
Marketplace as a place to exchange the Loyalty Point obtained by each member of
the community, with products that are available.
The products on the Online Marketplace in this project come entirely from the
members of the Diruna Community itself. Every member in the Diruna Community
is encouraged to provide products or services that they are able to provide, and
display them on the Online Marketplace to be exchanged for Loyalty Points.
This mechanism will trigger the circulation of Loyalty Point exchanges with
products or services, which in turn will help the formation of Diruna Token
Ecosystem in the community. The Diruna Token Ecosystem formed in these
communities is actually the realization of the principles of economic democracy on
a small scale, namely: from the community, by the community, and for the
community. We believe that by forming a Diruna Token Ecosystem in the
neighborhoods, the spirit of kinship and mutual cooperation can flourish in the
world.

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

8

We hand over the management of Online Marketplace to every member of the
Diruna Community who is willing and has the ability to manage it. We do it to
maintain the purity of the principles of economic democracy formed within the
Diruna Token Ecosystem in each community.
The Diruna Community formed in each region is given the freedom to create their
own Online Marketplace so that the distribution of products or services to
community members can take place more quickly and reduce the shipping or
transportation costs that must be incurred.

Stellar Distributed Exchange (SDEX)
From the beginning, Loyalty Points that are given every day to Diruna Community
members who meet the requirements are planned to be made in digital format.
Through a lengthy research, we finally decided to make the Diruna Token which
will be used as the Loyalty Point on the Stellar Blockchain.
The main reason we chose Stellar Network was because their blockchain, network,
and infrastructure capabilities made it possible for us to apply the strategies we
planned, compared to other Blockchain.
In addition, Stellar Network also has its own ecosystem that has been running very
well. From the start, Stellar has prepared the ecosystem for all tokens built on its
network by creating the Stellar Distributed Exchange facility on its Ledger. The
Stellar Distributed Exchange facility makes every token made on the Stellar
network automatically redeemable for Lumens (XLM), which is a coin issued by
Stellar itself, or exchanged for other tokens.
The existence of SDEX or Stellar Distributed Exchange on the Stellar network is
very beneficial for us, because it makes the Diruna Token Ecosystem that we build
in communities becomes more complete.
So, Loyalty Points obtained by community members not only being redeemable
for products or services provided by members of the Diruna Community on the
Online Marketplace, but can also be exchanged with Lumens coin (XLM) or other
tokens contained in Stellar network using SDEX clients such as : stellarport.io and
interstellar.exchange.

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

9

Fig. 3 - stellarport.io interface

Diruna Token Ecosystem
Diruna Tokens in the ecosystem are Loyalty Points that are distributed every day
to members of the Diruna Community who meet the requirements. Community
members then use the Loyalty Points that they received to be exchanged in online
marketplaces that provide products or services needed by community members.
Products and services in the Online Marketplace are provided by members of the
community itself. Diruna Token Ecosystem is built with the principle: From the
community, by the community, and for the community.

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

10

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

11

We have a vision to build Crypto-token ecosystems that can improve the lives of
billions of people around the world. Crypto-token ecosystems will be built in each
population area using community-based cultural approaches with a spirit of
kinship and mutual cooperation.
The new economic currents that are formed within each Crypto-token ecosystem
are expected to continue to spin and be able to provide maximum benefits for
community members, and prosperity for all humanity.
Imagine when everyone no longer needs to think about the cost of buying their
food every day because there is a system that can fulfill those needs.
Imagine when someone could focus on finding a new job or building a new business
without feeling worried about their food needs.
Imagine when everyone becomes more creative in focusing their minds to find new
innovations and ideas because their basic needs have been met.
We want people in this ecosystem to at least no longer need to think about their
basic needs because there is a system that can fulfill these needs.

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

12

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

13

Our current mission is to build the Diruna Community in the neighborhoods and
develop Diruna Token Ecosystem to fulfill the basic needs of each community
member.
This mission is the first goal that will be done to realize our vision based on the
conditions and challenges that exist today.

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

14

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

15

Since March 16, 2018, we started running the Socialization Phase by building a Pilot
Community Project in Indonesia, which aims to test and measure the effectiveness
of the strategies that we have planned. In this phase, we want to get as much data
as possible to measure effectiveness, make improvements, and make adjustments
to the strategies that we will apply later.
This is very important because we know that the conditions in each plan will always
be different from the real conditions. In addition, we also use the Socialization
Phase to distribute 2.5% of the total supply of Diruna Tokens to the general public
and community groups that we included in the pilot project. We distribute Diruna
Token using Airdrop, Bounty, Giveaway, and Loyalty Points distribution during the
Socialization Phase.
We started the process of building Diruna Community in Indonesia by inviting a
community with 631 active members to join and participate in the project. Most of
the community members are people who don't know about Crypto-tokens at all.
The learning process is carried out through direct meetings, and also uses social
media applications such as Telegram, Facebook, and Twitter in the form of
discussions, question-and-answer, and sharing articles related to the Cryptotoken world.
Next, we invite several other communities in Indonesia to learn about Cryptotokens together in the Diruna Community. Day by day, members of Diruna
Community in Indonesia continue to grow, because each member starts actively
inviting his or her friends and family to join and learn together in the community.
As of the end of July 2018, Diruna Token’s turnover only relied on the Stellar
Distributed Exchange facility, that allowed Diruna Tokens to be exchanged with
Lumens coins. In those days, the members of the learning community can
exchanged Diruna Tokens that they obtained from Loyalty Points with Lumens
coins.
This is very helpful because members can know directly how Crypto-tokens are
able to form an ecosystem in the Stellar network. During the learning process, we
also continue to urge, encourage, and motivate all members of the community to
build a Diruna Token Ecosystem in the community by providing products or
services to be exchanged using Loyalty Points.

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

16

Fig. 4 - Display of online marketplace's homepage at https://www.dirunapoint.com

On August 3, 2018, an Online Marketplace was launched at www.dirunapoint.com,
which was the result of support from several members of the Diruna Community
in Indonesia. The Online Marketplace is used to accommodate and provide a place
for community members who have products or services to be exchanged for
Loyalty Points.
The exchange process is carried out directly between community members who
have Loyalty Points with community members who provide products or services.
Since the launch of www.dirunapoint.com, we continue to vigorously encourage all
members of the Diruna Community in Indonesia to become providers of products
or services that can be exchanged with Loyalty Points, especially products or
services that are routine needs of every member of the community.
Since the launch of the Online Marketplace at www.dirunapoint.com, Diruna Token
Ecosystem naturally began to form in the Diruna Community in Indonesia.

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

17

With the establishment of the new Diruna Token Ecosystem, the circulation of
Loyalty Points or Diruna Tokens which originally only flowed to SDEX facilities
finally split into two and flowed to Marketplace Online as well.
The direct impact with the flowing of the Diruna Token to Online Marketplace is the
reduced flow of Diruna Tokens exchanged on SDEX. Meanwhile, socialization and
promotion continue to be carried out intensively, because the existence of the
Online Marketplace is a special attraction that can make people easily decide to
join the Diruna Community.
The increasing number of new members who joined Diruna Community in
Indonesia after the launch of the Online Marketplace caused the need for Diruna
Token on SDEX to increase.
And with the reduced circulation of Diruna Tokens flowing to SDEX because most
of the Diruna Tokens flowed into the Online Marketplace, naturally the Diruna
Token exchange rate against Lumens slowly increased, following the level of
demand growth for Diruna Tokens on SDEX.
The strengthening of the Diruna Token exchange rate against Lumens made the
performance of Diruna Tokens even more attractive because it showed the level of
user trust in Diruna Tokens getting higher.

Fig. 5 – Diruna Asset Holders & Price Growth (source: https://www.stellar.expert)

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

18

In general, the achievement of Diruna Token during the Socialization Phase
exceeded our previous expectations. Within only a period of less than eight
months, the target of one million asset holders could be met.
Until the Socialization Phase ended, Diruna Token exchange rate reached the range
of 1,271 Lumens. These achievements are very exciting because they show that the
strategies and approaches that we use to build Diruna Token Ecosystems in
communities work well.
This achievement also convinced us to continue Diruna Community Project to the
next phase and carry it out in accordance with the vision and mission that we have
made.

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

19

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

20

After researching some of the existing Blockchain Networks, we decided to create
a Diruna Token (DRA) on the Stellar Network. This decision was taken because
Stellar Network has specifications and technical supports that we need to carry out
the planned strategies.
The Stellar Ecosystem is also equipped with Stellar Distributed Exchange (SDEX)
which can be automatically used by all tokens in the Stellar Network.
Complete information about Stellar Network and its ecosystem can be found at
https://www.stellar.org/developers/guides/get-started/index.html.

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

21

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

22

We make 900,000,000,000 Diruna Token (DRA) in Stellar Blockchain Network,
where 91.11% of total supply or 819,990,000,000 Diruna Tokens, will be
distributed to each member of the Diruna Community worldwide through the
Loyalty Point Program.
The complete allocation of the total supply of Diruna Tokens is as follows:

Fig. 6 - Diruna Token Allocation

● 91.11% of total supply will be allocated to the Loyalty Point Program after
the Socialization Phase ends.
● 2.50% of total supply will be allocated and distributed during the
Socialization Phase.
● 1.39% of total supply will be allocated to Community Projects Programs.
● 2.00% of total supply will be allocated for Operational Costs.
● 3.00% of total supply will be allocated to the Diruna Foundation which will
be established in 2023.

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

23

Loyalty Point Program
Loyalty Point Program is a strategy that we use to gradually distribute 91.11% of
the total supply of Diruna Tokens to all members of Diruna Community. What we
mean as members of the Diruna Community and entitled to get Loyalty Points is
every Stellar wallet that has a minimum of 10 Diruna Tokens and has settled more
than 24 hours in the Stellar wallet.
So every wallet that contains 10 Diruna Tokens and has been deposited for more
than 24 hours, the wallet owner will automatically get Loyalty Points on that day.
Every wallet that has the right to get Loyalty Points will be checked automatically
every day, and the accumulation of the Loyalty Points that are entitled will be sent
every Wednesday.
One of the goals of the Loyalty Point Program is to give anyone the opportunity to
get Diruna Tokens in an easy way, whenever they decide to join the Diruna
Community. We believe that this program will be an attraction that can make the
general public attracted more easily, so it easier for us to invite them to join the
Diruna Community. Allocation of 91.11% of the total supply will be used as Loyalty
Points after the Socialization Phase ends.
After the Socialization Phase ends, the distributed Loyalty Points to Stellar wallet
that meets the requirements are fixed, which is equal to 0.01 DRA every day. The
total Loyalty Points eligible for each wallet will be sent every Wednesday.

Socialization Phase
Socialization Phase is the phase that we use to test the planned strategies. In this
phase, we hope to get as much data as possible to measure effectiveness, make
improvements and adjustments to the strategies that we apply. This is necessary
and very important to do because we know that the conditions in each plan will
always be different from the actual conditions when applied.
During the Socialization Phase, we built the Diruna Community in Indonesia, which
became a Pilot Project to conduct trials on all the concepts and strategies we
planned. We also use the Socialization Phase to distribute 2.5% of the total supply
of Diruna Tokens to the general public and community groups that is involved in
the Pilot Project.

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

24

The distribution of Diruna Tokens during the Socialization Phase was carried out
using programs such as Airdrop, Bounty, and Loyalty Point Promotion Program.
The Loyalty Point Promotion Program is a promotional method that we use to
introduce Loyalty Points in Diruna Community in Indonesia during the
Socialization Phase, to attract the public's interest to join the Diruna Community.
The amount of Loyalty Points obtained by the Diruna Community members during
the Socialization Phase is arranged in stages, adjusted to the increase in the
number of Asset Holders.

Community Development Project
1.39% of the total supply of Diruna Tokens will be allocated in the form of Bounty
for projects that support Diruna's Vision and Mission, Diruna Community, and
Diruna Token Ecosystem. This program aims to provide the widest opportunity for
anyone to give and realize ideas that can help the development and growth of the
Diruna Token Ecosystem.
Before Diruna Foundation was formed, all decisions regarding the awarding of
Bounty would be decided by the Developer Team.

Operational Costs
The Developer Team, in carrying out the Diruna Community Project programs and
its activities, employs several employees and contractors. In addition for routine
expenses, such as employee salaries, an amount of money is also needed for office
rentals, office facilities, hardware, and software to support Diruna's programs.
Our operating costs are financed through:
1. 2% of the total supply of Diruna Tokens that we will periodically release
according to our needs.
2. Contributions from individuals and Diruna Communities.

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

25

Diruna Foundation
Diruna Foundation will be established no later than 2023, and 3% of the total
supply of Diruna Tokens from the beginning has been allocated for operational
needs. Before Diruna Foundation was established, all diruna.org activities were
under the supervision and management of the Developer Team.

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

26

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

27

We are a large team consisting of:
o Programmers
o Entrepreneurs
o Musicians
o Doctors
o Psychologists
o Lawyers
o Engineers
o Nurses
o Farmers
o Traders
o Breeders
o Designers
o Drivers
o Shopkeepers
o Students
o Workers
We love togetherness, equality, honesty, sincerity, and mutual cooperation in
goodness. We always strive to become human beings who benefit the universe
wherever we are. Diruna Community Project is the work of our love and effort to
give the best for humanity.

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

28

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

29

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

30

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

31

The achievements of the pilot projects that we worked on during the Socialization
Phase by forming the Diruna Community in Indonesia, and then continued with
building the Diruna Token Ecosystem in the community, showed very satisfying
results. Huge support from all community members who have joined can be seen
from the number of members who become providers of products or services on our
Online Marketplace www.dirunapoint.com.
During the Socialization Phase, we are also convinced that the strategy we use to
introduce Cryptography and Blockchain technology to common people by building
Diruna Communities in neighborhoods is the right step. Cultural approaches and
campaigns to fulfill basic needs (Basic Needs Campaign) can foster a spirit of
mutual cooperation for each member to create a Diruna Token Ecosystem in the
community, so each member can see how Crypto-token technology is able to
provide benefits in their lives.
We conclude that one of the causes of the small number of Crypto-token users in
the world today is due to the lack of practical applications of Crypto-token that are
directly in contact with the lives of the majority of the world community. Current
usage and application of Crypto-token technology is only able to touch a small
part of the world community.
We need more Crypto-token technology applications that directly touch the lives
of the majority of the world community, so that the existence of these technologies
can be widely accepted throughout the community.
The Socialization Phase has ended and Diruna Community Project will move to the
next phase. However, we will strengthen the entire Diruna Token Ecosystem that
has been established in existing Diruna Communities first, before developing and
building the Diruna Token Ecosystem gradually throughout the world.
Hopefully, this white paper is able to provide an overview of what we are working
on through Diruna Community Project, and what achievements we want to get
through this project. Your support and involvement in the realization of this project
means a lot to us.

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

32

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

33

IMPORTANT NOTICE
PREAMBLE
This White Paper in current form is being circulated by the Developer Team for general
information and to invite investor feedback only on the DIRUNA Community as presently
conceived, and is subject to review and revision by the Developer Team, and/or legal
advisers of the Developer Team. Please do not replicate or distribute any part of this White
Paper without this note in accompaniment. No part of this White Paper is intended to create
legal relations between a recipient of this White Paper, or to be legally binding or
enforceable by such recipient, against the Developer Team. An updated version of this
White Paper may be published on a date to be determined and announced by the
Developer Team in due course.
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION AND THE FOLLOWING SECTIONS ENTITLED “PREAMBLE”,
“DISCLAIMER

OF

LIABILITY”,

“NO

REPRESENTATIONS

AND

WARRANTIES”,

“REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU”, “CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARDLOOKING STATEMENTS”, “THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER
PERSONS”, “TERMS USED”, “NO ADVICE”, “NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE”,
“RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION”, “NO OFFER OF INVESTMENT
OR REGISTRATION”, AND “RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES” CAREFULLY.
IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD
CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S).
While we make every effort to ensure that the material in this White Paper is accurate and
up to date, such material in no way constitutes the provision of professional advice. The
Developer Team does not guarantee, and accepts no legal liability whatsoever arising from
or connected to, the accuracy, reliability, currency, or completeness of any material
contained in this White Paper. Investors and potential DIRUNA Token holders should seek
appropriate independent professional advice prior to relying on, or entering into any
commitment or transaction based on, material published in this White Paper, which
material is purely published for reference purposes alone.

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

34

The DIRUNA Tokens are not intended to constitute securities of any form, units in a
business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of investment in
any jurisdiction. This White Paper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of
any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities of any form, units in a
business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of investment, or
a solicitation for any form of investment in any jurisdiction.
No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to
the acquisition of DIRUNA Tokens and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to
be accepted on the basis of this White Paper.
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this
White Paper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory
requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of
this White Paper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules
have been complied with.
This White Paper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be taken or transmitted
to any country where distribution or dissemination of this White Paper is prohibited or
restricted.
No part of this White Paper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated without
including this section and the following sections entitled “Disclaimer of Liability”, “No
Representations and Warranties”, “Representations and Warranties By You”, “Cautionary
Note On Forward-Looking Statements”, “Third Party Information and No Consent of Other
Persons”, “Terms Used”, “No Advice”, “No Further Information or Update”, “Restrictions On
Distribution and Dissemination”, “No Offer of Investment Or Registration” and “Risks and
Uncertainties”.

1
DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, the
Developer Team shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or
other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of
Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

35

revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any
acceptance of or reliance on this White Paper or any part thereof by you.

2
NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
The Developer Team does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any
representation, warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person,
including any representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy
and completeness of any of the information set out in this White Paper.

3
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU
By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this White Paper or such
part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant to the Developer Team as
follows:
(a)

you agree and acknowledge that the DIRUNA Tokens do not constitute securities
of any form, units in a business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or
any other form of investment in any jurisdiction;

(b)

you agree and acknowledge that this White Paper does not constitute a
prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an
offer of securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in a collective
investment scheme or any other form of investment in any jurisdiction, or a
solicitation for any form of investment, and you are not bound to enter into any
contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form of
payment is to be accepted on the basis of this White Paper;

(c)

you acknowledge and understand that no DIRUNA Token should be construed,
interpreted, classified or treated as enabling, or according any opportunity to,
tokenholders to articipate in or receive profits, income, or other payments or
returns arising from or in connection with the DIRUNA Tokens, or to receive sums
paid out of such profits, income, or other payments or returns;

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

36

(d)

you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined or
approved of the information set out in this White Paper, no action has been or
will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction
and the publication, distribution or dissemination of this White Paper to you
does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have
been complied with;

(e)

you agree and acknowledge that this White Paper, the undertaking and/or
future trading of DIRUNA Tokens on any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not be
construed, interpreted or deemed by you as an indication of the merits of the
Developer Team, the DIRUNA Tokens, and the DIRUNA Community;

(f)

the distribution or dissemination of this White Paper, any part thereof or any
copy thereof, or acceptance of the same by you, is not prohibited or restricted by
the applicable laws, regulations or rules in your jurisdiction, and where any
restrictions in relation to possession are applicable, you have observed and
complied with all such restrictions at your own expense and without liability to
the Developer Team;

(g)

you agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to acquire any
DIRUNA Tokens, DIRUNA Tokens are not to be construed, interpreted, classified
or treated as:

(i)

any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency;

(ii)

debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity;

(iii)

rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or
shares;

(iv)

rights under a contract for differences or under any other contract the
purpose or pretended purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss;

(v)

units in a collective investment scheme;

(vi)

units in a business trust;

(vii)

derivatives of units in a business trust; or

(viii) any form of investment;

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

37

(h)

you are legally permitted to participate in the DIRUNA Community and all
actions contemplated or associated with such participation, including the holding
and use of DIRUNA Tokens;

(i)

the amounts that you use to acquire the DIRUNA Tokens were not and are not
directly or indirectly derived from any activities that contravene the laws and
regulations of any jurisdiction, including anti-money laundering laws and
regulations;

(j)

if you are a natural person, you are of sufficient age and capacity under the
applicable laws of the jurisdiction in which you reside and the jurisdiction of
which you are a citizen to participate in the DIRUNA Community;

(k)

you are not obtaining or using DIRUNA Tokens for any illegal purpose;

(l)

you have a basic degree of understanding of the operation, functionality, usage,
storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics of
cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets or
other related token storage mechanisms, and blockchain technology;

(m)

you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to purchase
any DIRUNA Tokens, there are risks associated with the Developer Team and its
respective businesses and operations, DIRUNA Tokens, and the DIRUNA
Community;

(n)

you bear the sole responsibility to determine what tax implications a purchase
of DIRUNA Tokens may have for you and agree not to hold the Developer Team
or any other person involved in the DIRUNA Community liable for any tax
liability associated with or arising therefrom;

(o)

you agree and acknowledge that the Developer Team is not liable for any direct,
indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort,
contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or
profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any
acceptance of or reliance on this White Paper or any part thereof by you;

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

38

(p)

you waive the right to participate in a class action lawsuit or a class wide
arbitration against the Developer Team and/or any person involved in the
DIRUNA Community and/or with the creation and distribution of DIRUNA
Tokens; and

(q)

all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and
non-misleading from the time of your access to and/or acceptance of possession
this White Paper or such part thereof (as the case may be).

4
CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
All statements contained in this White Paper, statements made in press releases or in any
place accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by the Developer
Team, or employees acting on behalf of the Developer Team (as the case may be), that are
not statements of historical fact, constitute “forward-looking statements”. Some of these
statements can be identified by forward-looking terms such as “aim”, “target”, “anticipate”,
“believe”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”, “if”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “possible”, “probable”,
“project”, “should”, “would”, “will” or other similar terms. However, these terms are not the
exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements. All statements regarding the
Developer Team’s business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects of the
industry which the Developer Team is in are forwardlooking statements. These forwardlooking statements, including but not limited to statements as to the Developer Team’s
prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed in this
White Paper regarding the Developer Team are matters that are not historic facts, but only
predictions.
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and
other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of the
Developer Team to be materially different from any future results, performance or
achievements expected, expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These
factors include, amongst others:

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

39

(a)

changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market
conditions, and the regulatory environment in the countries in which the
Developer Team conducts its business and operations;

(b)

the risk that the Developer Team may be unable to execute or implement its
business strategies and future plans;

(c)

changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and
cryptocurrencies;

(d)

changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth of the
Developer Team, and the DIRUNA Community;

(e)

changes in the availability and fees payable to the Developer Team in connection
with its businesses and operations or in the DIRUNA Community;

(f)

changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by the
Developer Team to operate their respective businesses and operations;

(g)

changes in competitive conditions under which the Developer Team operates,
and the ability of the Developer Team to compete under such conditions;

(h)

war or acts of international or domestic terrorism;

(i)

occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God that affect
the businesses and/or operations of the Developer Team;

(j)

other factors beyond the control of the Developer Team; and

(k)

any risk and uncertainties associated with the Developer Team and its business
and operations, the DIRUNA Tokens, and the DIRUNA Community.

All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to the Developer Team or persons
acting on behalf of the Developer Team are expressly qualified in their entirety by such
factors.

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

40

Given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance or
achievements of the Developer Team to be materially different from that expected,
expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this White Paper, undue
reliance must not be placed on these statements. These forward-looking statements are
applicable only as of the date of this White Paper.
Neither the Developer Team nor any other person represents, warrants, and/or undertakes
that the actual future results, performance or achievements of the Developer Team will be
as discussed in those forward-looking statements. The actual results, performance or
achievements of the Developer Team may differ materially from those anticipated in these
forward-looking statements.
Nothing contained in this White Paper is or may be relied upon as a promise,
representation or undertaking as to the future performance or policies of the Developer
Team.
Further, the Developer Team disclaims any responsibility to update any of those forwardlooking statements or publicly announce any revisions to those forward-looking
statements to reflect future developments, events or circumstances, even if new
information becomes available or other events occur in the future.

5
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS
This White Paper includes information obtained from various third party sources (“Third
Party Information”). None of the publishers of Third Party Information has consented to
the inclusion of Third Party Information in this White Paper and is therefore not liable for
Third Party Information. While the Developer Team has taken reasonable action to ensure
that Third Party Information have been included in their proper form and context, neither
the Developer Team, nor its employees acting on its behalf, has independently verified the
accuracy, reliability, completeness of the contents, or ascertained any applicable
underlying assumption, of the relevant Third Party Information. Consequently, neither the
Developer Team nor its employees acting on their behalf makes any representation or

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

41

warranty as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of such information and shall not
be obliged to provide any updates on the same.

6
TERMS USED
To facilitate a better understanding of the DIRUNA Tokens being the subject of the sale
conducted by the Developer Team, and the businesses and operations of the Developer
Team, certain technical terms and abbreviations, as well as, in certain instances, their
descriptions, have been used in this White Paper. These descriptions and assigned
meanings should not be treated as being definitive of their meanings and may not
correspond to standard industry meanings or usage.
Words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa
and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine
and neuter genders and vice versa. References to persons shall include corporations.

7
NO ADVICE / RECOMMENDATION / GUIDANCE
No information in this White Paper should be considered to be business, legal, financial
or tax advice regarding the Developer Team, or the DIRUNA Tokens. You should consult
your own legal, financial, tax or other professional adviser regarding the Developer Team
and its business and operations, and the DIRUNA Tokens. You should be aware that you
may be required to bear the financial risk of any purchase of DIRUNA Tokens for an
indefinite period of time.

8
NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE
No person has been or is authorised to give any information or representation not
contained in this White Paper in connection with the Developer Team and its business and
operations, or the DIRUNA Tokens, if given, such information or representation must not
be relied upon as having been authorised by or on behalf of the Developer Team.

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

42

9
RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION
The distribution or dissemination of this White Paper or any part thereof may be
prohibited or restricted by the laws, regulatory requirements, and rules of any jurisdiction.
In the case where any restriction applies, you are to inform yourself about, and to observe,
any restrictions which are applicable to your possession of this White Paper or such part
thereof (as the case may be) at your own expense and without liability to the Developer
Team.
Persons to whom a copy of this White Paper has been distributed or disseminated,
provided access to or who otherwise have the White Paper in their possession shall not
circulate it to any other persons, reproduce or otherwise distribute this White Paper or any
information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit or cause the same to
occur.

10
NO OFFER OF INVESTMENT OR REGISTRATION
This White Paper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not
intended to constitute an offer of securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in
a collective investment scheme or any other form of investment, or a solicitation for any
form of investment in any jurisdiction. No person is bound to enter into any contract or
binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be
accepted on the basis of this White Paper.
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this
White Paper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory
requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of
this White Paper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules
have been complied with.

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

43

11
RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
Prospective purchasers of DIRUNA Tokens should carefully consider and evaluate all risks
and uncertainties associated with the Developer Team and its business and operations, and
the DIRUNA Tokens, all information set out in this White Paper prior to any purchase of
the DIRUNA Tokens. If any of such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of the Developer Team
could be materially and adversely affected. In such cases, you may lose all or part of the
value of the DIRUNA Tokens.
Please read the following risks and warnings before deciding to purchase DIRUNA Tokens.
It should be noted the following list of risks and warnings is not exhaustive. Accordingly,
prospective purchasers should not place undue reliance on these statements.

The Developer Team or the DIRUNA Tokens may be affected by newly implemented
Regulations
Cryptocurrency trading is generally unregulated worldwide, but numerous regulatory
authorities

across

jurisdictions

have

been

outspoken

about

considering

the

implementation of regulatory regimes which govern cryptocurrency or cryptocurrency
markets. The Developer Team or the DIRUNA Tokens may be affected by newly
implemented regulations relating to cryptocurrencies or cryptocurrency markets,
including having to take measures to comply with such regulations, or having to deal with
queries, notices, requests or enforcement actions by regulatory authorities, which may
come at a substantial. Further, it is difficult to predict how or whether governments or
regulatory authorities may implement any changes to laws and regulations affecting
distributed ledger technology and its applications, including the DIRUNA Tokens. The
Developer Team may also have to cease operations in a jurisdiction that makes it illegal to
operate in such jurisdiction, or make it commercially unviable or undesirable to obtain the
necessary regulatory approval(s) to operate in such jurisdiction. In scenarios such as the
foregoing, the trading price of DIRUNA Tokens will be adversely affected or DIRUNA
Tokens may cease to be traded.

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

44

There may be risks relating to acts of God, natural disasters, wars, terrorist attacks, riots,
civil commotions widespread communicable diseases and other force majeure events
beyond the control of the Developer Team
The performance of the Developer Team’s activities may be interrupted, suspended or
delayed due to acts of God, natural disasters, wars, terrorist attacks, riots, civil commotions,
widespread communicable diseases and other force majeure events beyond the control of
the Developer Team. Such events could also lead to uncertainty in the economic outlook
of global markets and there is no assurance that such markets will not be affected, or that
recovery from the global financial crisis would continue. In such events, the Developer
Team’s business strategies, results of operations and prospects may be materially and
adversely affected. Further, if an outbreak of such infectious or communicable diseases
occurs in any of the countries in which the Developer Team, the developers, data providers
or data consumers have operations in the future, market sentiment could be adversely
affected and this may have a negative impact on the DIRUNA Tokens and DIRUNA
community.

There may be unanticipated risks arising from the DIRUNA Tokens
Cryptographic tokens such as the DIRUNA Tokens are a relatively new and dynamic
technology. In addition to the risks included hereto, there are other risks associated with
your purchase, holding and use of the DIRUNA Tokens, including those that the Developer
Team cannot anticipate. Such risks may further materialise as unanticipated variations or
combinations of the risks discussed hereto.

Diruna Community Project | www.diruna.org

45

