DOGECASH (DOGEC) / WHITEPAPER V1.0 / DOGEC.IO

SETTING A NEW STANDARD
IN THE MASTERNODE SPACE

DOGECASH (DOGEC) / WHITEPAPER V1.0 / DOGEC.IO

THESIS
With the rise of crypto popularity there came a flood of bad actors who now
continue to take advantage of investors in one form or another. This is especially
common in “new” masternode projects that exit scam, underdeliver and remain
anonymous throughout the inevitable short lifespan of the coin.
A conservative estimate of 500 masternode projects launched with a BTC Talk
ANN since the start of 2018. Of these, an overwhelming majority have gone silent,
do not show any sign of ongoing development, and simply lack the level of quality a
top caliber project should demand. Moreover, most projects fail to give their
communities any decision making ability over the future direction and development
of the project.
A group of crypto developers, experts, and investors recognized the
aforementioned shortcomings and designed a concept that aims to set
fundamental standards for launching projects.

DOGECASH (DOGEC) / WHITEPAPER V1.0 / DOGEC.IO

PURPOSE
DogeCash is building a Masternode/PoS cryptocurrency ecosystem whose
components and decision making will be voted on by private key holders. DOGEC
will act as the crypto of choice within the different platforms built within the
ecosystem.
There is an extreme oversaturation of cryptocurrencies that serve as the primary
coin utilized within a single platform. DogeCash aims to eliminate the need for
multiple coins among different projects. One coin will be utilized to make
masternode hosting payments, reduce exchange fees, tip content creators, and
what ever else the community decides to build. Furthermore, we have decided on
non-negotiable project values we will base our project upon: transparency,
quality, community and charity.
These are traits we believe will set the standard in the masternode space, urging
new projects to do things “The DogeCash Way.”

DOGECASH (DOGEC) / WHITEPAPER V1.0 / DOGEC.IO

PLAN
DogeCash will launch the DOGEC blockchain mainnet at 3:00 AM UTC on October
1st, 2018. A limited number of masternodes will be deployed by the team and early
project supporters to ensure network stability and security before a presale of
twenty masternodes is conducted. Funds raised by the presale (30*0.4 BTC = ~75k
USD) will enable the project to kickstart a marketing campaign with the purpose of
growing a robust community which will provide DogeCash with a strong
foundation. Additionally, five percent of the maximum supply will be premined to
fund the development of community voted platforms and necessary project tasks
such as community moderation, wallet UI upgrades, partnerships and more.
The Bitcoin presale and DOGEC premine addresses will both be made public at
launch. Please refer to the Bitcoin Talk Announcement or the project website
(dogec.io) for all technical specification details.

DOGECASH (DOGEC) / WHITEPAPER V1.0 / DOGEC.IO

GOVERNANCE & PLATFORMS
The voting model proposed will grant one vote to every DOGEC held in a DogeCash
Official Wallet (1 DOGEC = 1 Vote). We believe this is the most effective way to build
a strong, long-lasting community as those who do not wish to operate a
masternode can still contribute toward the direction of DogeCash in a meaningful
way.
The main application of DogeCash governance is to periodically vote on platforms
which will form our ecosystem. The time period between platform addition votes
will be determined based upon completion and establishment of the previous
platform. Voting will be conducted through a governance UI which will be built
shortly after launch. Suggestions for platform candidates can be made in the
appropriate Discord channel on our server.
Anyone who is a member of our social community is welcome to make suggestions
for platform additions. The team has many ideas for the community to entertain
such as The DogeDex - a decentralized exchange that allows new coins to self-list
themselves with little to no listing fees. For each platform release, a technical
paper will be published at the time of development.

DOGECASH (DOGEC) / WHITEPAPER V1.0 / DOGEC.IO

OTHER OBJECTIVES & CHARITY
To become a widespread and adopted cryptocurrency, our team realizes we must
address and implement a wide variety of technologies and tools. For that reason,
we plan on investigating privacy features, hardware options, payment gateways
and other exciting features. To ensure a strong and smooth launch, these items
will be addressed in the latter stages of our roadmap.
In the spirit of Dogecoin, we felt it necessary to make charity an integral part of the
DogeCash mission. Every quarter, we will hold a vote to choose an animal related
organization to donate to. The donation will equal the value of 0.5 masternodes.
Charity suggestions will be taken in the appropriate discord channels and
subsequently voted on via the DogeCash governance UI.

THE DOGE IS NOW THE MASTER (NODE)

