HOW THE WORLD’S FIRST MOBILIT Y
CRYPTOCURRENCY WILL CREATE A
UBIQUITOUS REWARD ECOSYSTEM
FOR THE TRANSPORT INDUSTRY

POSITIONING DOCUMENT AND WHITEPAPER
APRIL 2018 (V2.0)
WWW.DOVU.IO

1

2

INDEX
1. DOVU’s Vision

4

Executive Summary

4

Global Vision

5

Mobility Inefficiencies & Fiat Limitations

5

Circular Economy for Mobility

6

DOVU Ecosystem

6

Mobility Sector Experts

7

2. Token Dynamics

7

DOVU Platform

7

DOVU Marketplace

9

DOV Token

10

Commercialisation Strategy

11

3. Why Now?

12

Lack of Trust

12

Data is the new oil

12

Nudge economics

12

4. DOVU Use Cases

13

Trust & Smart Contracts

13

A tokenised ecosystem

14

Transport & Mobility Data

14

Enabling Mobility Transactions

15

Powering Decentralised Business Models

15

5. Team

16

Core Team

16

Advisory Board

18

Strategic Partners

19

6. Token Distribution Event

20

Token Management

20

Use of Funds

21

Roadmap

22

This is not a prospectus of any sort
This document and any other documents published in association with this whitepaper relate to a potential token offering
(i.e. the DOV token) to persons (contributors) in respect of the intended development and use of the network by various
participants. This document does not constitute an offer of securities or a promotion, invitation or solicitation for investment
purposes. The terms of the contribution are not intended to be a financial services offering document or a prospectus.
The token offering involves and relates to the development and use of experimental software and technologies that
may not come to fruition or achieve the objectives specified in this white paper. The purchase of tokens represents a high
risk to any contributors. Tokens do not represent equity, shares, units, royalties or rights to capital, profit or income in
the network or software or in the entity that issues tokens or any other company or intellectual property associated
with the network or any other public or private enterprise, corporation, foundation or other entity in any jurisdiction.
The token is not therefore intended to represent a security interest.

3

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
The transport and mobility sector faces a vast and ever growing number of challenges in the
face of constantly evolving consumer needs, governmental demands and market specific
requirements. Data and behavioural influence are the key components in understanding and
helping change consumer behaviour. DOVU is the missing piece of the puzzle - a circular
economy for the transport and mobility sector that creates an unique value exchange between
regular consumers and those that benefit from their data or contributions that benefit the
mobility space.
The DOVU platform empowers individuals to earn tokens for sharing their mobility data
or performing rewardable activities defined by a DOVU partner - such as changing driving
behaviour or undertaking valuable tasks. These tokens then feed back into the ecosystem
through mobility related transactions, be that offsetting the cost of a car, fuel for that car,
paying for a flight, or just riding the bus.
Our platform consists of a Wallet, Smart Contract powered reward engine, reward
Marketplace, Token and SDK. Partners and individuals using the platform create our circular
ecosystem. Our erc20 DOV token is used for transactions within the ecosystem.
The core team consists of entrepreneurs, blockchain developers, product marketers, product
designers and legal experts - all with significant experience shipping and supporting products
used by millions of people.
Our high profile advisory board is committed to help DOVU execute its mission, and includes
a former member of the board of directors of Ethereum, an entrepreneur who has built a one
billion dollar business around community development, and a partner at a top global advisory
firm. Together with strategic investors, including a government-backed fund and a major car
company, DOVU will disrupt a traditional industry.

DOVU IS SHAPING THE
CRYPTO MODEL FOR THE
MOBILITY ECOSYSTEM.

4

1. DOVU’S VISION

GLOBAL VISION
DOVU is shaping the crypto model for the mobility ecosystem. Introducing a transport
focused reward platform to power new business models in the transportation sector.

MOBILIT Y INEFFICIENCIES & FIAT LIMITATIONS
Fluid mobility is burdened by market inefficiencies and fiat limitations. Currently, there is
no reward mechanism for an individual to contribute value back into the ecosystem, such as
sharing data with service providers, or sending electricity back to the grid from their EV. In
essence, this means that an important well of value is left untapped, needlessly slowing down
the process of innovation. As it stands, we’re facing a world with self-driving cars, where
you still need to fill out paperwork for insurance, pay per fixed units of an hour, and you
don’t control your own driving data. Thankfully, blockchain is exceptionally well suited to solve
these problems.

IMAGINE BEING REWARDED
FOR ALL THE DATA YOU
CREATE AND SHARE.

5

CIRCULAR ECONOMY FOR MOBILITY
Companies such as Uber or Airbnb are often cited as examples of a sharing economy, but
due to the inherent risk around trust and responsibility with strangers doing business, these
markets require large infrastructure to manage relationships between two parties wishing to
exchange value . A true sharing economy is one in which individuals and companies are empowered by technology to exchange value and if they wish — send or receive payment for it.
Because blockchain can verify value contributed independently, whether you are a corporate
or an individual, the DOVU Platform empowers everybody to be fairly rewarded for their
contribution to the mobility ecosystem. This transforms 1:1 relationships to many:many.
Imagine your car paying you to drive it. Imagine being rewarded for all the data you create
and share. Imagine being able to use those rewards for travel, services, and transport globally.
Imagine this insight being used to further improve mobility services, working towards fluid
movement of goods and people in our cities. Applying this technology will transform our
thinking about data and mobility. For example, when hailing an autonomous car, insurance
considerations are recorded in a Smart Contract, micropayments are usage-based, and the
DOVU platform allows you to be rewarded for the data you share or the activity you have
carried out.

DOVU ECOSYSTEM

The DOVU Platform handles creation and management of reward and redemption systems
between indivduals and partners, creating an ecosystem where tokens are earned and used
against mobility related products or services. Based on Ethereum, the DOV token is used
for transactions within the ecosystem. The in-wallet Marketplace both provides a means
to discover and connect to partner rewards but also encourage new peer to peer mobility
services such as car space sharing or even utility services like servicing, maintenance or
cleaning.

6

DOVU IS WELL CONNECTED
IN THE TRANSPORT SECTOR.
The DOVU wallet and Marketplace are the simplest way to access and engage with the
circular economy. A simple and intuitive interface connects transport related partners to
individuals and handles all transactions and logging of those transactions. Contributing to the
quality of the ecosystem can earn you DOV Tokens. Similar to in-game rewards, contributors
are rewarded with tokens based on the quality and/or frequency of their input. This introduces
a self-reinforcing and peer reviewed feedback loop continuously enhancing the quality of the
ecosystem.

MOBILITY SECTOR EXPERTS
DOVU is well-connected in the transport sector. In April 2017, DOVU received seed
funding from InMotion Ventures, Jaguar Land Rover’s investment arm, and Creative England,
a fund backed by the UK Government. Through its network of advisors, DOVU has access
to the relevant professional industry networks and is well positioned to build lasting customer
relationships.
2. TOKEN DYNAMICS

DOVU PL ATFORM
The DOVU Platform also empowers ‘data owners’ (individuals, organisations and even IoT
devices – any source of data) to control access to the data they share, whilst receiving value
from future profits of the use of that data in return – in the form of DOV Tokens.
Partners inside the ecosystem can define Smart Contracts to set conditions of use and the
level of reward they are willing to offer to data owners, whilst data owners forever retain
control to cancel the contracts, change and revoke permissions.
This is a paradigm shift away from blanket acceptance of traditional terms and privacy policies,
granting large organisations the permission to use and resell data without few, if any, controls
on its use, and with little recourse or cancellation if abused. The DOVU Platform will make it
possible to harness the power of Smart Contracts and Blockchain to put control of data back
in the hands of the data owners. Fairly rewarding them for it, and thus encouraging greater
sharing of data, whilst automatically reprimanding or blocking if there is a breach of agreed
terms.

7

Imagine the ability to be rewarded for sharing your travel data, with total control and an
infallible guarantee over which data you are willing to share, and the kinds of organisations you
are willing to share it with, when, how and so on. The DOVU Platform offers that. It’s similar
to collecting reward points for your supermarket shopping, but on a much larger scale, with
flexible controls and a remuneration with far greater utility – the DOV token.
The first example of the open data economy (where data owners are rewarded for their data)
is the DOVU marketplace, allowing data providers to easily and honestly deliver data to a
market of data consumers interested in creating the next generation of mobility focused
startups.
Future examples of the DOVU platform being leveraged within the mobility sector might
include a travel operator that wants to reward existing customers (who are now data owners)
with loyalty based pricing. A simple travel based app adhering to the DOVU platform would
be all that was required (in combination with the relevant smart contracts) to remit rewards
in DOV Tokens.
The DOVU Platform and SDK will utilise well established cryptography standards (such as
the SHA-256 Cryptographic Hash Algorithm) so that data can be signed and relationship
verified at every stage of usage. DOVU will also offer an authentication API and Smart
Contracts management platform so that data owners can easily enter into (or cancel out
of) agreements with data providers – from any app on a smartphone, website, or IoT device.
Examples could include a DOVU enabled smartphone app to unlock a shared vehicle,
and automatically sign-in to the DOVU platform from that vehicle’s onboard computer
with options to allow access to the car’s data while driving. Or a smartphone app to track
movements such as walking, running, cycling, driving – imagine being able to sell this data in
return for DOV Tokens that can be used to buy petrol, train journeys or bus rides. Discounted
travel costs in return for your data, simply by using a DOVU enabled app to buy your tickets.
Each user on the platform will be identified with a ‘Wallet’ (a public address on the Ethereum
blockchain). This provides both anonymity to the user, yet total transactional transparency
of token flow and contractual terms. The user can decide if they wish to attach and share any
personal data to this, based on the rewards offered. At the same time, each Wallet provides
the means to both accept and spend DOV Tokens.
The Ethereum Blockchain provides the means of value exchange through DOV Tokens, as
well as the Smart Contract infrastructure. The DOVU Platform will provide a layer on top of
this to retain a ‘ledger of value’ to record DOV token payments to data owners Wallets based
on the value agreed in the Smart Contracts. For example Smart Contracts facilitate granular
charging of activities through the DOVU Marketplace, incurring far less transaction fees by
only moving the DOV Tokens between Wallets on the Ethereum blockchain when significant
value is ready to transfer.

8

DOVU MARKETPLACE
The DOVU Marketplace will provide partners with the tools to list and engage with
consumers, also defining costs and terms in Smart Contracts to be executed on the
blockchain. We also plan to encourage Developer engagement using our APIs and SDK to
further app development and be rewarded in DOV tokens – this will organically grow the
DOVU powered transport API ecosystem.
Consumer/Owner - An individual or organisation that ‘owns’ some data or is willing to action
a task or activity in exchange for DOV tokens.
Provider/Contributor (Partner) - An individual or organisation that wants to provide tokens
in exchange for some data or activity from the consumer/owner.

DOV TOKEN
The DOV token is central to our ecosystem. It’s the unit of value that allows us to create
this new circular economy linking consumers to partners (and vice versa) and also rewarding
those sharing data or providing value through actions.
For our ecosystem to flourish in the transport sector we encourage use of the DOV token
within it, and ultimately build value for all customers as adoption and utility grows.

9

The DOV token is the only unit of value used across DOVU platform. Every purchase, sale,
exchange or any other transaction on the platform will require the use of DOV tokens.
A global ledger combined with a token that’s required to use that ledger aligns incentives and
creates more intense product engagement. Blockchain uniquely rewards early adopters. The
product becomes more useful as more users join and demand for the token increases, which
as a result increases utility for users. In other words, token utilisation and network effects
continuously reinforce each other which benefits early adopters.
Using the DOV token in your business has a number of advantages over creating your own
token. Building payment infrastructure is a non-trivial task. Adopting an existing payment
structure lowers development cost and increases time to market. Leveraging a stable currency
lowers barriers to adoption for end-users.

10

COMMERCIALISATION STRATEGY
There is an urgent need for practical uses of blockchain technology to bring it to the masses.
Leveraging blockchain technology for mobility solutions has broad market appeal. This not
only unlocks opportunities for businesses, such as data monetisation and utilisation, but also
for individuals, who can be rewarded for their contributions to the ecosystem.
Using DOVU’s circular economy to create previously impossible mobility services - DOVU
will drive revenue through tools and services on the DOVU platform.
Companies will be forced to recognise that open rewards and incentivisation is beneficial
to everyone. Staying siloed, e.g. a closed platform lessens the utility and value of those
incentives. Rewards becomes exponentially more valuable for everyone outside of walled
gardens. Partners still develop enormous benefit through consumer insight and action but
improved customer experience and trust through openness (see emissions scandal etc)
enhance overall loyalty.
Disrupting the mobility sector will require a mixture of fast-moving startups and strategic
partners ranging from car manufacturers (OEMs) and Tier 1 automotive suppliers to public
transit providers. Through its network of advisors, partners, and investors, DOVU has access
to the relevant professional industry networks and is well positioned to build lasting strategic
partnerships.

11

3. WHY NOW?

LACK OF TRUST
Consumers are currently facing a new landscape for information sharing. With data and
consumer insight influencing everything from elections to how products get marketed to us,
it’s hard to know what information we share or behaviours we conduct that contribute to our
personal data profiles. The largest data companies in the world are now struggling to repair
the bad will generated by breeches of trust in how data is used. By changing the conversation
entirely to one of conscious, controllable and open sharing of data and activities, brands
can show they not only value their customers data but demonstrably reward customers for
providing them value. With DOVU we create a new model where everybody wins, nothing is
hidden and business value is fairly rewarded.

DATA IS THE NEW OIL
Data generated by the way we travel informs so much about the services and facilities we
use. In a world of connected vehicles and trains, information-sharing infrastructure, traffic
lights, and IoT enabled smart cities this data provides the fuel that runs these systems. This
data is generated by a myriad of platforms using varying rules and following local regulations.
Smart cities and movements are a fast growing sector with increasing complexity. Data and
corresponding services need permission from users, incentives to share and also a means
to demonstrate compliance with regulation and privacy concerns. DOVU provides the
mechanism to bridge consumers with business infrastructure, handling permissions sharing
and rewards for doing so.

NUDGE ECONOMICS
Tokenisation provides a powerful way not just to reward for sharing of data but for encouraging
small changes to people’s behaviour. Undesirable, laborious or repetitive tasks carried out by
consumers often provide incredible value to business, saving time, effort and also shifting
behaviours in favour of more efficient or ecological activity. Changing transport behaviour
is one area that works really well through nudge economics, simple changes to habits, a
change of route or transport mode, in return for tokens can have huge cumulative benefit.
Those tokens then feeding back into the ecosystem as participants spend them on additional
mobility products or services.

12

THERE IS AN URGENT NEED FOR
PRACTICAL USES OF BLOCKCHAIN
TECHNOLOGY TO BRING IT TO THE
MASSES.
4. DOVU USE CASES
The DOV token is earned and used within the DOVU ecosystem through mobility related
services listed in the DOVU marketplace. Utility covers a broad spectrum of activities,
ranging from being used as a standard exchange of reward value between parties, to
enabling new decentralised business models. The DOVU Platform addiotionally provides
3rd parties with the necessary tools to connect to the DOVU blockchain platform
using Oracles, unlocking benefits such as Smart Contracts, secure/trusted transactions,
conditional reward systems, micropayments, and novel alternatives to standard
authorisation in all kinds of mobility services.
PLATFORM BENEFITS

TRUST & SMART CONTRACTS
By using blockchain to map activity and data , you can create a trusted record of permission.
Smart Contracts further enforce business rules. For example, if the data is used for
commercial ends, group-A conditions apply, but if data is used for non-commercial ends
group-B requirements come into effect. Smart contracts add an additional layer of privacy
by tokenizing recorded data and personal information. This personal information could be
encrypted and viewable only by parties that have either the legal right to do so or are being
participants of the transactions. The immutability of data further prevents fraud. In the
near-future blockchain gives near-real-time insight into where and how data is being used.
The transparency of realised value combined with micro-payments opens opportunities for
granular value-based pricing of reward activities.

13

A TOKENISED ECOSYSTEM
The ability to earn and redeem DOV tokens across a wide ranging ecosystem of Marketplace
partners, smart city infrastructures and even through peer to peer transaction will have a
profound effect on the quality of the ecosystem. Tokens align incentives of partners and
participants to continuously improve the quality of the platform. Additionally the User Growth
Fund encourages community participation and further opportunity to enhance the ecoystem
by conducting value-adding activities, such as code audits, building community awareness,
helping improve documentation, testing SDK function or answering community questions
and being rewarded with tokens. This not only rewards early adopters but incentivises active
community members alongside regular customers.

TRANSPORT & MOBILIT Y DATA
Transport data and related activities are well suited to tokenisation. There are many types of
transport data. Three obvious categories are: mode (e.g. cars), infrastructure (e.g. roads),
and context (e.g. weather). The biggest mobility companies are already identifying and using
cross-functional use cases for this data. Leading mapping companies link geolocation data
to location, mapping data to navigation, congestion data to optimisation, and parking data to
destinations. Transport apps combine public transport data with mapping data on a granular
level, all the way down to tube exits. Local governments use congestion data, accident data,
and infrastructure data to inform urban planning decisions and infrastructure investment.
Use cases extend beyond transport. Congestion data is not only relevant for governments,
but also for advertisers when deciding where to place billboards. Footfall and accessibility
data will be important for real estate and pop-ups. Data science offers further opportunities.
If five cars have their windshield wipers on within a square mile, it is raining. This information
can be used to map micro climates, forecast traffic jams, or optimise utilisation of public
transport. Connected cars are the gateway to hyperlocal data opening up all kinds of new
use cases. After all, what’s the point of a connected car if you have nothing to connect it to?

14

ENABLING MOBILITY TRANSACTIONS
The DOV token creates a digital transport economy for the next generation. Every mobility
related application that transacts monetary value can benefit from blockchain based
currency. Using the DOV token unlocks benefits such as trust (Smart Contracts), flexibility
(micropayments), and security (authorisation). Vehicle usage will evolve and offer new
opportunities for ownership. Imagine flexible leasing on a daily or minute rate, with up-front
authentication, built-in insurance and value-based pricing. Or offsetting your fuel/charging
costs by earning tokens and then exchanging for free/discounted fuel or servicing. Peer
to peer transaction with the security of blockchain make ride sharing and car-pooling an
opportunity for income generation. Terms and conditions are agreed and legally enforcing
from point of transaction, diminishing the need for administrative paper work and optimising
asset utilisation. In the not too distant future, autonomous cars cannot only drive themselves,
but also pay for themselves. When a passenger enters the car, the car calculates the cost
associated with the trip and determines value-based pricing accordingly. Insurance policy is
flexible based on actual activity, and payment is invisible and instantaneous.
POWERING DECENTRALISED BUSINESS MODELS
Taking the Mobility as a Service analogy further, the blockchain makes decentralisation
possible. The DOV token empowers vehicle owners to monetize their assets by selling
rides, cargo space or even the use of the vehicle itself. The blockchain can store data about
the vehicle’s usage and information about vehicle owners, drivers and passengers. This
profile information can help validate a Smart Contract between two parties plus manage
payment of services between them without need of a financial intermediary, thereby saving
transaction surcharges. The system may also provide connectivity to vehicle functions for
remote locking/unlocking doors and engine startup/shut off. In fact, you can decentralise
most business models in mobility.

THE DOVU TOKEN CREATES A
DIGITAL ECONOMY FOR TRANSPORT
FOR THE NEXT GENERATION.

15

5. TEAM

CORE TEAM
DOVU is lead by a strong and highly experienced team, who have started, grown and exited
technology companies with similar complexity.
Irfon Watkins
Founder, CEO
A serial entrepreneur, Irfon has founded and sold companies across the API spectrum.
Before founding DOVU he was founder and CEO of Coull, a programmatic video advertising
company processing over 15 billion requests a month from over 118 countries. With over 20
years experience as an executive, Irfon has a strong background in starting and growing
businesses at global scale.
Krasina Mileva
Co-founder, COO & Legal Counsel
Register European lawyer with over 11 years of experience in Contract and Commercial
Law. Krasina has headed an international legal department in a law firm, having to deal with
various civil and international matters. Then she became a sole-practitioner, focused mainly
in Contract, Commercial and Company Law, whilst co-founding a construction business in
Belgium. As Head of Legal at a million dollar ad-tech company she discovered her passion
around Data protection, Privacy and Smart legal agreements. Being part of the Company
Secretariat team in Associated British Ports gave her an additional layer of Corporate
Governance expertise.
Alex Morris
Head of Product
Multi-disciplined product designer and UX specialist with over 20 years experience working
in the software industry, scaling products and tools to serve millions of users. Extensive
experience creating desktop and mobile software, campaigns, services and tools for clients
including Adobe, Intel, Microsoft, ESPN/Disney, CERN, Red Bull Racing, Mercedes,
Renault, Al Jazeera, the NHS and GSK. Most recently lead design for the UK Government’s
digital transformation of the national Census. Obsessed with all things on wheels, Alex also
contributed to industry leading cycling and motorsport magazines, wrote a book on Mountain
Biking technique and also owned his own bike brand.

16

Tom Holder
CTO
Working in software development since 1998, Tom has been involved in the development
and delivery of hundreds of online applications, services and API’s. Co-founder of the digital
agency SimpleWeb, he is well versed on both the technical and business side of things, has
a strong focus on startups, and is well versed in blockchain technology. His focus is project
analysis and requirements engineering, systems architecture review and analysis, database
and ledger design and the development and scalability of distributed systems.
James Guest
Head of Blockchain Production
An experienced, versatile and motivational digital production specialist with a deep technical
understanding of blockchain technology. James has been working in digital production for
over 20 years delivering dozens of successful products, mobile apps, web technologies and
desktop applications for a broad range of SME, corporate, government and non-profit
organisations including BP, SUEZ, Google, Android, YouTube, Skype, Unilever, DTI, Lloyds
and many more.

17

ADVISORY BOARD
Lars Klawitter
Executive Director Strategic Business at inmotion Ventures, ex General Manager Rolls
Royce Bespoke, Former Board of Directors Ethereum
Lars Klawitter has been in senior roles in the tech industry for more than 20 years. A Rolls
Royce veteran since 2002, Lars was given the overall responsibility for the company’s newly
established Bespoke division in 2010. After realizing a growth of over 800%, his role as
head of Bespoke was expanded to include the company’s digital strategy and the connected
car project in early 2016. Besides his role at Rolls-Royce, Lars has been an angel investor
and non executive board member. He served as a director of the Ethereum Foundation
during the launch of the platform in 2015 and is a member of the advisory board of 4G
Capital, a Fintech company in Kenya.
Rob Jones
Co-founder Fanduel
Serial entrepreneur and co-founder of Fanduel, the world’s largest one-day fantasy sports
site worth over $1B. Strong experience in varied disciplines, including UI/UX, brand identity,
native app design and community building.
Andrew Hodgson
Partner KPMG Corporate Finance
As well as over 10 years of experience in audit and transactions, Andrew has also
undertaken a number of industry secondments, including acting as Group Treasurer to a
major UK transport business and working in an international investment bank. Andrew has
worked on a wide range of clients from Owner Managed Businesses to AIM and FTSE
350, across a range of sectors. They include defence, retail, manufacturing, transport,
professional partnership and utilities.
Arwen Smit
Consultant
Co-founded DOVU after working as entrepreneur-in-residence at InMotion, the
accelerator of Jaguar Land Rover. Active in the technology scene in Europe, Arwen has
worked on the business side of technology companies in various roles. She worked as Head of
Growth at a digital agency, as Supervisory Board Member at AIESEC International to advise
on technology strategy, as Mentor at Virgin StartUp advising on business models, and held
project management roles on strategic projects at Facebook and Google. She has a Bsc from
the Rotterdam School of Management and Msc from Stockholm School of Economics.

18

STRATEGIC PARTNERS
Accounting Advisors		
KPMG
Legal Advisors			
Ramparts
Blockchain Advisors		
TokenMarket

INVESTORS
InMotion Ventures - Investment arm of Jaguar Land Rover
Creative England - Government-backed fund (United Kingdom)
6. TOKEN DISTRIBUTION EVENT

TOKEN MANAGEMENT
A finite amount of 1.2 billion tokens will be issued. Of these 1.2 billion tokens, 25% will be
made available for the token sale. There will be a lock-in period of 2 years for any unsold
tokens.
The token distribution event is capped at 85362 ETH.
1 DOV = 0.00032001 ETH.
The minimum to participate in the pre-sale is 142 ETH.
Timetable
24 August 2017: 			
4 September 2017, 17.00 UTC:		
29 September 2017, 1700 UTC: 		
3 October 2017, 17.00 UTC:		
17 October 2017, 17.00 UTC:		

19

Whitepaper published
Pre-sale live
Pre-sale ends
Token sale live
Token sale closes

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION OVERVIEW
•
•

•

•

25% of the DOV Tokens (0.30B) will be made available to token sale participants (ITO).
35% of the DOV Tokens (0.42B) will be allocated to an user growth fund. Earned tokens,
by contributing the quality of the ecosystem, will originate from this fund. DOV Tokens
received as a reward can only be used within the DOVU ecosystem for value added
services. Any unused DOV Tokens after 6 months will be sent back to the user growth
fund which can then be used for new users.
15% of the DOV Tokens (0.18B) will be allocated to advisors, founders, and management
to help build the team. Team members vest for tokens in four installments of six months
each.
25% of the tokens (0.3B) will be held in reserve. The reserve is subject to a two-year
lock-down period.

0.5% of the token sale (1.5 million tokens) will be allocated to the Bounty program.
The bonus structure for the public token sale will be based on three tiers. Conditions for these
three tiers will be announced when the pre-sale closes on the 29th of September.
Tier 1: 10% discount
Tier 2: 3% discount
Tier 3: Announced token price

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION

35%

25%

15%
25%

User growth fund

20

ITO

Team

Reserves

USE OF FUNDS
Proceeds of the Token sale will be used to develop the platform and accelerate the network
effect of our token distribution, through strategic partnerships. Marketing and business
development efforts will drive further adoption of our platform.
Financially supporting data providers and developers building on our platform will be one of
our cornerstone strategies post our token sale.

USE OF FUNDS
5%

20%

15%
55%

5%
Working capital

Marketing & Customer Development

Infrastructure

21

DOVU development

Operations

ROADMAP
DOVU is already well on its way to bringing its vision to the market. Development is on track
to bring our MVP to private alpha during Q4 2017 with a view to onboarding and integrating
a significant number of partners throughout 2018.

22

DOVU IS ALREADY WELL ON
ITS WAY TO BRINGING ITS
VISION TO THE MARKET.

23

