WHITEPAPER

DOWCOIN WHITE PAPER
“An e-currency based on cryptographic proof, without the need to trust
a third-party middleman, creating secure and effortless transactions.”
Satoshi Nakamoto, Bitcoin Developer

WWW.DOWICO.COM

Table of Contents
1. INTRODUCTION
2. NEED FOR STABILITY
3. CRYPTOCURRENCY FOG
4. INTRODUCING DOWCOIN
5. WHAT IS ETHERIUM?
6. A NEW WAVE OF CRYPTOCURRENCY TO WATCH OUT FOR
7. WHAT IS DOWCOIN?
8. PURPOSE OF DOWCOIN
9. DOWCOIN IN ETHEREUM
10. WHY USE DOWCOINS?
11. MOTIVATION BEHIND THE CREATION OF DOWCOINS
12. TOKEN DISTRIBUTION
13. ICO PARAMETERS
14. CONCLUSION
15. TIMELINE
16. TEAM

Page 2 of 22

INTRODUCTION
The growth of cryptocurrencies has led to a lot of attention and demand from traditional investors who would like to invest in a new type asset. However, a lot of
these investors do not have a grasp of the various technical differences between
currencies, which can create many unforeseen liabilities. This becomes even more
complex when these investors diversify their portfolio beyond just one cryptocurrency.
Traditional investors in the stock market diversify
through index or mutual funds, but these methods of
investment do not exist in the realm of cryptocurrency.

1.1 THE NEED FOR STABILITY
Obviously, the cryptocurrency marketplace is extremely volatile, with wild swings
on either side of the pendulum happening daily. The need for a cryptocurrency
index that serves as the market indicator is quite apparent. Without such an indicator, wild swings will corrode the sustainability of the system as a whole.
DowCoin will follow the price movements of the top 30 cryptocurrencies with the
largest market cap. This will help investors to consolidate their gains from the
overall upward trend in this market, despite any extreme fluctuations by individual coins.

Page 3 of 22

1.2 CRYPTOCURRENCY FOG
The number of cryptocurrencies on any given exchange continues to rise over the course
of time. For investors with little knowledge of these currencies, choosing which to invest in becomes very complicated, very quickly.
Most investors will choose to purchase only few well-known currencies such as
Bitcoin, Ethereum, Dash and Litecoin. Unfortunately, these investors will fail to realize the presence of hundreds of small cap cryptocurrencies that are more financially beneficial investments.

These smaller cryptocurrencies, while not as popular as the
bigger players, can still be very stable and even more profitable. Due to a lack of information, investors usually end investing large amounts of capital for smaller gains.

The popular cryptocurrencies have a very high valuation, which typically increases
daily. Hence, their demand is very high. Nonetheless, changes to these valuations
cannot be easily predicted therefore investors cannot maximize their investments.
As a result, there is a desire in the marketplace to invest in assets which have
a higher rate of return overall. There is little information available to the public
about the cryptocurrency market index; which can be used to make investment decisions and also to track the market movements and because of this, there needs
to be a better solution.

Page 4 of 22

INTRODUCING DOWCOIN
DowCoin will be created with two specific end goals; to make transactions more
secure, and to give ease access to cryptocurrency portfolio diversification. Our
cryptocurrency token will be based on the Ethereum network and will have the
same benefits and technology use cases as the Ethereum platform.

WHAT IS ETHEREUM?
Ethereum is the second largest form of cryptocurrency in the world. It is currently the most prominent altcoin on the market today. Ethereum is an open source,
decentralized platform, that allows the implementation of smart contracts. Smart
contracts allow users to interact in a trustless environment because the terms of
agreements automatically transfer assets between parties when certain conditions
are met. Many trust that this system will replace the current budgetary systems because of its simplicity and open access utility.
The cryptocurrency “Ether” (ETH) is utilized both for payments on the network,
and as a store of significant value, similar to Bitcoin, however with a few things
to note about Ethereum in comparison to Bitcoin is that it’s substantially quicker,
and transaction fees are significantly less. Leading companies around the world
in finance (Santander, JP Morgan, ING), technologies (Microsoft, Intel, Samsung),
and retail (BP, Toyota) enterprises are putting resources into this system, and are
even moving their entire business infrastructure over to blockchain.

Page 5 of 22

A NEW WAVE OF CRYPTOCURRENCY TO
WATCH OUT FOR
Since 2009, when Bitcoin was launched, there have been numerous other cryptocurrencies on the market that exponentially rise in value. Based on the initial assessment of the marketplace, we can assume that cryptocurrency utilization will
only continue to rise and in 2017 we will likely see a continued spike in blockchain
interest levels; along with the further maturing of cryptocurrency as an asset.
Even though bitcoin is the front-running of cryptocurrency and accounts for just under 70% of overall market capitalization today, the altcoin boom is predicted to outpace Bitcoin in the upcoming years.
Based on the Elliott Wave theory, the prediction
posited is that the cryptocurrency altcoin markets
would increase to over $6 Billion in market capitalization. This marker has already been far surpassed
when compared to the total market capitalization.
Recently, the cryptospace has seen an unprecedented bull run across almost all
coins with the price of Bitcoin climbing up to an all-time high. This trend seems not
to be stopping and is pulling up the other altcoins with it. While the Bitcoin price
increase alone is very impressive, many other altcoins such as Ether, XRP etc. are
making even greater leaps and their market caps have increased at exponential
rates.

Page 6 of 22

Many of these price jumps happen overnight and can be very volatile, although
they are all trending upward on the whole.

While this crazy bull run has pushed up the entire cryptocurrency market cap to
more than 100 billion dollars for the first time according to the coinmarketcap.
com, the Bitcoin dominance rate has sharply fallen to the all-time low now nearing
50%. This essentially means that altcoins are gaining traction in the marketplace.
As an example, Barclays’ CEO for personal and corporate banking, Ashok Vaswani,
revealed the lender had opened discussions with UK regulators about adopting
cryptocurrencies. “We have been talking to a couple of fintechs [financial technology companies] and have actually gone with the fintechs to the FCA [the Financial
Conduct Authority, the UK regulator] to talk about how we could bring the equivalent of bitcoin, not necessarily bitcoin, but cryptocurrencies into play,” Vaswani
told CNBC at a conference in Copenhagen, Denmark.

Page 7 of 22

On 19 June, 2017, the International Monetary Fund issued a staff discussion note
stating that banks should consider investing in cryptocurrencies, saying: “Rapid
advances in digital technology are transforming the financial services landscape,
creating opportunities and challenges for consumers, service providers and regulators alike.”

At the root of cryptocurrency,
blockchain technology shows we
don’t need a centralized solution
for many traditional systems and
with “decentralization” the implications are huge. The cryptocurrency economy is free of all government oversight and monitored
by a peer-to-peer Internet protocols. There are now close to 800
cryptocurrencies and many hold
great potential for growth.
Augur is a promising altcoin as it is presenting a new concept for decentralized
market predictions. STEEM also holds enormous potential as it is by far the most
successful decentralized social network. MaidSafeCoin’s price can also skyrocket
during the upcoming months as it is supporting a new concept of crowd-sourced
internet. Dowcoin, being a new player in the market will also add to the varied
types of altcoin’s available but with the added function of being able to be utilize
market forces in a far more practical and varied way than most of the other altcoins.

Page 8 of 22

HOW WILL DOWCOIN WORK?
DowCoin is a token that represents ownership of underlying assets that make up
the market index. The value of this token is derived from the existing cryptocurrency assets and is expected to vary according to the values in the current markets.
The index number and the index coin value indicate the status of the market based
on the performance of the top 30 coins at any given time. Therefore, the coins in
this index will vary over time, and can be replaced severally over each period.
Dowcoin will only feature coins in this index that have been on the market and exchanges for the last six months. As a further barrier to entry, our qualifying Dowcoin top 30 will have to have been amongst the top 100 coins in the market cap for
at least 90 consecutive days. In addition, these coins should have an active and
viable public project scope.
Through this position in the market, Dowcoin will dictate due influence on the
market and the decisions of investors. It will allow the market to naturally self-regulate and promote coins that are less volatile and to ensure that investors are diversified for long-term market sustainability.
Our index will in essence become a sort of default “market maker”
like you would have on the traditional stock market. Which will help
to bring stability to a volatile marketplace.

Page 9 of 22

PURPOSE OF DOWCOIN
A key purpose of DowCoin is to promote diversification within the very volatile
cryptocurrency market. Through this, investors will have the ability to invest in the
entire cryptocurrency space without the problems of having coins in different wallets or exchanges and without the risks of betting in a single coin. The high number
of coins in the market leads to some coins having a very low value as compared to
others. The goal of DowCoin is to manage an index fund of the coins that have a
weighted average of the top 30 coins in the market.
The qualifications of a top performing coin might be subjective but the goal for
DowCoin is to minimize the risks of investment and maximize the returns investors
might get from their investment
To achieve this, the creation of negatively correlated or un-correlated coins that
have the highest possible expected return and the possibility of replacing coins
within the top 30 indexes is necessary. With some coins being highly unpredictable, highly correlated and also having non-zero probability of unforced failure,
there are competing metrics for which investors can optimize a portfolio towards
maximizing their expected returns versus minimizing unpredictability.
Therefore, DowCoin has a goal of maximizing the Sharpe ratio, which can be described as the ratio of expected portfolio returns over the portfolios standard rate
of deviation.

Page 10 of 22

In the selection process, a simulation of millions of possible future single market
prices is conducted, which is based on the notable historic instability and correlation of returns. These figures are correlated using data from the past twelve
months. In addition, a penalty is used on the new coins with less previous data and
also a bigger chance of impulsive failure by use of a proprietary scoring function;
which is based on the lindy effect.
The lindy effect states that future life expectancy or probability of failure is comparative to both the existing permanence
and health of entity of interest. This shows that old things
tend to remain while trends fade more quickly.
Consequently, those coins that have been in the market for a longer period and
have more historic data have a higher likelihood of getting the near zero spontaneous failure, while the newer coins in the market, which have a lower volume,
contain a higher likelihood of instinctively becoming worthless. The probability
that a coin can fail in a single day is therefore defined by the percentage of coins
in circulation, the market cap, sentiment and also longevity.
During the simulation process, a report is generated that contains the maximum
expected draw-dawn, expected Sharpe ratio, expected return, maximum days of
return and the expected 95th percentile return or loss. An optimal portfolio is developed by the utilization of an optimization process by the use of a generic algorithm. The portfolio is rebalanced after each simulation, through the process of
up-weighting top performing assets and down-weighting those that perform poorly until the creation of an optimum portfolio of assets through future settings in
terms of maximizing returns and minimizing unpredictability. This portfolio keeps
being reweighted in order to move the new top performers in the market in and
remove the bottom performers from the list.

Page 11 of 22

Those assets expected to fail due to various reasons such as fraud or hacking are
also removed from the list to make way for the next best performing coin. Rebalancing of the numbers on the list is triggered by schedule and information.
When there is information about the likely failure of
a certain coin, there should be a rebalancing towards
a more stable asset. This rebalancing of a portfolio is
scheduled to occur after every seven days. However, a
full scope audit and the adjusting of the overall index
balance is set to be performed annually.

DOWCOIN IN ETHEREUM
The DowCoin logical systems will be developed on the Ethereum blockchain. Ethereum is a smart contract based blockchain that enables the development of applications without the headache of building an independent blockchain, therefore, it
is a faster, more reliable and more secure than an independent blockchain.
As such, the token will be self-sustaining and can run without any third-party interference. Moreover, Ethereum ensures that security encryption of data on the platform by providing transparency and consistency with cryptographic verifications.
Holders of this coin will have the opportunity to trade in other cryptocurrencies and also transact with other online users.

The development of the technology on the Ethereum blockchain will help investors have scalability benefits that were not present before. This includes the
ability to conduct different transactions, receive and transfer assets through
the different currencies in the market within seconds.

Page 12 of 22

This is particularly important when the simulations of the assets on the market
index show changes and investors would like to invest in the new and successful
coins on the index. With this technology expected to be interoperable, investors
with any token that follows the Ethereum ERC20 standard will be in a position to
work and transfer assets more easily and with the utmost confidentiality.

DowCoin assumes that as the popularity of a coin increases, the
market value also rises alongside it. This correlation will translate
into predictive returns on investment. Therefore, our coin can increase in value over time and serve as an investment tool for its
users.

In addition, users can hold, transfer and exchange their DowCoins for other currencies such as ETH or fiat alternatives without the need of multiple wallets in different currencies. Through this platform, investors will have more options for their
investment strategies.

Page 13 of 22

Since Dowcoin is a cryptocurrency as well, it will
benefit from the following features.

WHY USE DOWCOINS?
Prevention of Fraud
Cryptocurrencies are digital and can’t be forged or turned around subjectively by
the sender, as with credit card charge-backs.

Prevention of Identity Theft
When you give your credit card to a vendor, you give him or her access to your full
credit line, regardless of the possibility that the transaction is for a little sum. Credit cards work on a “force” premise, where the store starts the payment and pulls
the assigned sum from your record. Cryptocurrency utilize a “push” component
that enables the cryptocurrency holder to send precisely what he or she needs to
the vendor or beneficiary with no additional data.

Page 14 of 22

Immediate Settlement
Purchasing genuine property normally includes various outsiders (Lawyers, Notary), postponements, and payment of fees. From multiple points of view, the bitcoin/
cryptocurrency blockchain resembles a “substantial property rights database,”.
Bitcoin contracts can be composed and upheld to dispose of or include outsider
approvals, reference outer actualities, or be finished at a future date or time for a
small amount of the cost and time required to finish conventional asset transfers.

Access to Everyone
There are approximately 2.2 billion people with access to the Internet or mobile
phones who don’t as of now approach conventional exchange systems. These people are prepared for the Cryptocurrency market. Kenya’s M-PESA system, a mobile phone-based money transfer and micros financing administration as of late
declared a bitcoin device, with one of every three Kenyans now owning a bitcoin
wallet.

Lower Fees
There aren’t normally transaction fees for cryptocurrency exchanges in light of the
fact that the mineworkers are remunerated by the network (Disclaimer: This is the
situation at present). Despite the fact that there’s no bitcoin/cryptocurrency transaction fee, many expect that most clients will draw in an outsider administration,
for example, Coinbase, making and keeping up their own bitcoin wallets. These
services behave like Paypal to improve the ease of use factor for lay investors using
fiat money or credit card clients.

Page 15 of 22

MOTIVATION BEHIND THE CREATION OF
DOWCOINS
Seven years after the creation of Bitcoin, we have seen the rise of another crypto-industry. Ethereum has included a Turing-finish layer to accentuate the ideals
of the currencies amongst the general mish-mash, and has expanded the skyline of
what is conceivable by a request of greatness. Thus, it has encouraged the creation
of another synergistic ecosystem. One that guarantees to topple business models
as we know them for more efficient systems that are owned by the people rather
than a select few.

Throughout the years, various endeavors have been made to educate the ideals of
cryptocurrency to the public, yet, the selection of resources is still unimpressive.
These companies and undertakings have neglected to distinguish and address the
principle issues witnessed in making mass adoption of digital assets conceivable.
The core issues remain:

SECURITY . Putting away assets is bulky and unavoidably individuals store
their assets under an outsider’s control; similar to the workings of an exchange. This defeats one of the best properties of cryptocurrency and opens
them to dangers that have predictably turned out to be cataclysmic. A system is required that can safely store assets without a trade-off in terms of
ease of use.

Page 16 of 22

USABILITY. Various strides are frequently associated with seeing genuine utilization of one’s digital assets. A client needs wallets, exchanges and
records on different services. They are required to pull back, store, do KYC
and even end up dealing with noticeably novice brokers. A system is required that disposes of these means and offers a consistent solution for the
uninitiated that can be incorporated crosswise over platforms.

VOLATILITY. Compelling individuals to utilize an unpredictable asset like
Bitcoin is a no-go. The general population have talked about it and it discourages them more than it draws them in; leaving nothing left but those
individuals on the wild side of risk assessment. A steady, more sorted asset
class is required.

Through the kaleidoscopic energy of Ethereum we now have the correct tool to
make the appropriate account stability solutions for the post-banking era. This
new system will guarantee comprehensive solutions to these issues while simultaneously outcompeting the customary money partners in ﬂexibility, eﬃciency and
straightforwardness.

DowCoins deliberately targets and overcomes these issues and will position itself
at the core of the effort to encourage the standard adoption of the Ethereum network. A system which will most likely rule this next stage in ﬁnancial history.

Page 17 of 22

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION

ICO
Dowcoin seeks to build a platform that will follow the price movements of the top
30 largest mined cryptocurrencies. Additionally, it seeks to provide a highly valued
token that will give investors a value estimate underpinned by a diversity of cryptoassets. At the same time, we will provide information that will help all investors.
DowCoin will help those with adept knowledge of the cryptocurrency market and
those less informed alike, to make better investment decisions.

In this respect, DowCoin seeks to raise funds that will be used to develop the platform and market the platform to the cryptocurrency communities and interested
investors. We will then bring more people on board to harness the benefits that
this information on the index cap will bring.

With the Ethereum technology, users of DowCoin will be able to transact and exchange their tokens instantly when the need arises. Additionally, with the expectations that the market is still in its infancy, holders of the token can be assured that
their investment will also have the opportunity to grow. Investors be able to stay
connected and informed of the changes and expected changes in the market, while
also making decisions on which cryptocurrencies to invest in. Through this, new
cryptocurrencies will have a platform to grow and attract new target markets. Individuals that would normally be inaccessible will be given the resources to thrive
in the current market.

Page 18 of 22

ICO PARAMETERS
Dowcoin will be pegged on an Ethereum token
Total Dowcoin distributed will be 2,000,000,000
Token distribution will be as follows
Management 25%
Team 15%
Crowdsale 60%
Minimum ICO goal is 15000000 dow
Maximum ICO goal is 120000000 dow
Our portfolio will consist of the top 30 coins as per market cap, which will change
after a period of seven days. Dowcoin Token will be distributed to all who purchased after the token sale is closed.

Page 19 of 22

Timeline
22/02/2017 Idea for Dowcoin
15/07/2017 Pre ICO start
15/09/2017 Pre ICO end
10/11/2017 ICO crowdsale start
10/12/2017 ICO crowd sale end
10/01/2018 Market listing

TEAM
J.J.KOTAK

Satyam Agrawal

FOUNDER & CEO

Blockchain developer

CANADA

Delhi, India

Nassim Benz

Austin Lane M.

Cryptocurrency consultant

Expert ICO Adviser/ Marketing,

Ethereum Smart Contract

Devs, Token Making Teams

designer & ICO + WP

Santa Monica, United States

Trois-Rivieres, Canada

Page 20 of 22

Fares Akel

Karimi Manyara

Advisor,Venezuela

White Paper Consultant,Kenya.

Electronic Engineering student, programming knowledge of MCU-PICs, Python, HTML, CSS and recently Solidity for development of Ethereum Smart Contracts
and ICOs. I work with free software tools, especially
in the Linux environment. I mainly focus on Electronic Hardware project development. I have a technical
understanding of English. Additionally, I am a Firefighter in the Volunteer Firefighting Corps of the USB
(Cuerpo de Bomberos Voluntarios de la USB) and also
participated for several years in United Nations Models at university level.

Williams Alfred Onen

Christina Czeschik

Web Developer

infosec and blockchain Advisor,

Kiwixcompo Adamawa

Berlin Essen, North

State University

Rhine-Westphalia, Germany

Nigeria

Hamza ATRARI

Zachary Fitzner

Developer Full Stack,

Blockchain and Product

Morocco

Developer,
Middletown, United States

Wilson Ngari
ICO, smart contract
consultant, USA

Page 21 of 22

CONCLUSION
As you may be able to conclude, cryptocurrencies are
the next stage of a global financial revolution.

The best course of action at this point is to utilize the technology in order to solve
real world problems. With DowCoins, we believe we can achieve that by increasing
market stability and investor success rates alike; while fully utilizing the power of
secure transactions.

www.dowico.com

