THE DRAGON COIN
CROWD SALE

DECEMBER 2017
VERSION 2.0

Terminology

1

Welcome

2

Solving a problem

3

The Macau Gaming Market

4

Junket dynamics

5

Dragon Community

6

The Dragon Platform
Technology
The Dragon Junket
Token Generation Event

7-8
9
10
11-13

Use of Proceeds

14

Dragon Funds

15

Restrictions on the sale

16

Value drivers

17

The Dragon Pearl

18

The Dragon Team

19

Advisory Board

20

Governance

21

Legal notices

21

Term

Junket

A private room in a casino, branded and operated by
investors who pool funds to provide gaming services
to VIP guests.

Negotiable Chip

Betting chips that can be converted to cash or used for
rolling bets to earn commission.

Non-negotiable Chip

Betting chips used for betting and witch do not
earn commission.

Rolling Commission

Commission paid to gamers when they place a bet using
negotiable chips.

Dragon Wallet

Digital wallet which also allows users to (i) store DRG, DGC and
other digital tokens; (ii) perform transactions within the application;
and (iii) perform other communication functions.

Digital Currency Exchange

Online exchange platform on which digital currencies are
bought and sold.

Global Cash Machine

An Automated fiat currency machine which allows users to (i)
withdraw fiat currency from blockchain assets, and (ii)
deposit fiat currency into wallets.

Dragon Coin (DRG)

An ERC20 digital currency used as a medium of exchange
for goods and services through VISA/MC for the
purchase of Dragon Global Chips.

Dragon Junket

A branded VIP and/or co-operated junket in Macau which
only accepts Dragon Global Chips, and is accessible
to all holders of DRG.

Dragon Global Chip (DGC)

A Digital utility token bought with DRG and exchangeable
for physical gaming chips in Dragon affiliated venues

Affiliate Junkets

Junkets where Dragon Global Chips are accepted,
including but not limited to the four key junket Partners

Lock up

A period of time during which certain categories of DRG subscribers are
prohibited from selling

Dragon Inc.

Dragon Incorporation (BVI) Limited incorporated
under the laws of British Virgin Islands

1

If you are reading this White Paper, perhaps it can assumed This is reflected heavily in this White Paper, which you will
that you have an interest in Dragon Inc. and the sale of its soon notice has much more about the underlying business
Dragon Coins (DRG).
driving the tokens and their value than most offerings (are
able to) provide.
Thank you.
When DRG go live, the Dragon Platform will quickly have a
Dragon Inc. has initiated the launch of an exciting and very healthy daily transactional flow. Within only a few weeks,
highly prospective business that is poised to become a the Dragon Platform will be cryptographically hosting a major
powerful force for change within its target sector. Our business with an expected turnover of US$250 million a day.
focus is to dramatically disrupt the legitimate public
gaming sector, namely casinos.
Set out in the pages that follow are the details of this and how
we intend to build a global business with well over what is
We are proud to be joining the ranks of fintech companies considered an economically necessary critical mass of
who are bringing innovative technological solutions to transactional flows created by DRG holders as members of the
tackle existing problems or inefficiencies within financial international Dragon Community.
systems. However, unlike many, we are not seeking funding
for purely technological development.
We sincerely hope that you will gain a good understanding of
the current problem and how the application of our no-frills
We do, though, very much pride ourselves on being able to Fintech solution brings both significant cost savings as well as
offer our native tokens to the market with confidence, many other advantages to all stakeholders, and ultimately,
knowing that the Dragon Platform will almost immediately how you as a DRG subscriber would benefit from value drivers
serve the needs of a fully operational and substantial within the Dragon Inc. eco-system.
business.
We look forward to having you join us on our exciting journey.
Dragon Management Team

“

It’s a very proud moment. The company and its hardworking, dedicated cadre of staff and contractors live in
many countries and span numerous time zones, which has made this a truly international and wise counsel.
Lastly, and most importantly, I would like to thank in advance those who decide to take the opportunity to
purchase Dragon Coins and by so doing, help to launch what is a highly prospective business, and one that I
and the entire Dragon team are determined to make a beacon of success.”

Chakrit Ahmad, CEO Dragon Inc.

NOTE TO READER
This white paper was originally written and produced in English. Unless otherwise indicated, translations of this white
paper into any other language have not been fully reviewed by the Dragon Inc. and accordingly no assurance can be
made as to the accuracy and completeness of such translations. In all instances, where there is a discrepancy or conflict
between any such translation and the English version of this white paper, the English version will always prevail.

2

ENTER THE DRAGON

Indeed digitally tokenizing both stake monies and gaming
chips and using a blockchain to record transactions and
track tokens, not only presents junkets but also the casinos
in Macau and internationally, with an opportunity for step
change cost reductions, improved efficiency and higher
levels of security in the management of inherent high
volume money flows.

Applying fintech to the global casino
sector will produce cost savings,
improved efficiency, and much more

Through connectivity with our digital value platform,
namely the Dragon Platform, elite gamers wishing to visit a
junket could easily convert fiat money into digital tokens,
that would be securely registered on a blockchain underpinning the platform. A numerical representation of the tokens
held at any one time would be shown in the gamer’s smart
phone wallet.

The Current Problem
Hundreds of high-roller ‘Elite Gamers’ travel to Macau every
week of the year to play baccarat and other games of chance
in “junkets” - VIP high-stakes gaming rooms with a minimum
stake of millions of dollars - which are operated as separate
cost centers by shareholding syndicates inside the resort’s
top tier casinos.
Many millions of dollars flow across the tables in these VIP
gaming rooms daily and junket organizers suffer exorbitant
fees in arranging for such high volumes of stake monies to
be ready for use by a VIP gamer upon arrival. Then, having
enjoyed the gaming and the junket’s hospitality, their
high-roller VIP guests incur similarly high fees in the repatriation of their winnings.

Whenever necessary, the gamer could effortlessly convert
his Dragon Coins (DRG) to fixed-value digital Dragon Global
Chips (DGC) for use in the junket. After gaming, DGC could
be converted back into DRG and further converted to fiat
money or any other digital currency when needed, all on
demand and via the touch screen on a smartphone. If
gamers choose to keep stake monies and winnings in digital
form ready for the next visit to the gaming tables, they could
do so, securely and at minimal cost.

A junket often needs to arrange stake money of several
million dollars to be on hand when each elite gamer arrives
in Macau. The current cost to a junket in making the necessary financial arrangements is a minimum of 5%. As for the
players, they are typically forced to suffer fees of between
5%-7% for costs related to repatriation of their winnings.

Application of digital token technology beyond stake
monies and winnings to the management and tracking of
individual gaming chips, delivers junkets and casinos with
significant financial gains and benefits from improved
efficiency and security across their entire ‘cash management’
system.

A major junket in Macau might be hosting more than 100
elite gamers at any one time, often producing a rolling
turnover in excess of US$250 million a day. With this level of
play at the tables and the constant churn of players, the
frictional costs suffered by both junkets and their discerning
elite gamer guests related to the positioning of stake money
and repatriation of winnings are both huge and punitive.

Cost Savings

The Solution

Wider Benefits

The advent of fintech solutions whereby fiat money can be
effortlessly converted into digital tokens and then moved
instantly within an eco-system whilst being securely tracked,
and all at very low cost, offers Macau’s junkets a highly attractive technological solution that will dramatically reduce their
high inbound frictional costs.

In fact the application of fintech to the gaming industry has
wider benefits. Crypto and digital currencies are often
associated with the anonymity of ‘value ownership’, a
problem casinos also face. However, if the digital financial
platform is managed and operated with sound corporate
governance and appropriate KYC/AML procedures, then the
use of digital value tokens within an industry such as
casinos, where use of money in cash form is highly prevalent, can greatly assist in the global drive to eradicate money
laundering and squeeze the black market economy.

Use of the Dragon Digital Financial Platform by participating
junkets and their elite gamers will incur costs much closer to
1% than the usual 5%. This is a significant saving that
improves junket profitability and releases more stake money
to gamers.

Dragon Inc. is fully committed and focused on applying a
Fintech solution with robust corporate governance to
Macau’s junkets and their elite Gamers.
In time, the business is expected to extend to supporting
casinos both in Macau and internationally.

3

Carry out any review of the media output on Macau and its
gaming industry today and you will discover a very positive
landscape. The reports not only highlight a clear trend of
strong well-fuelled growth in traditional sectors, especially
in VIP junkets but, in addition, one will clearly sense a general air of optimism and dynamic energy that is moving,
broadening and internationalizing the peninsula’s gaming
industry. Gaming in Macau is moving strongly ahead.

Macau boasts 33 five-star hotels offering 22,000 rooms
(60.4% of the total), which is an increase of 7.3% on 2016
Guests coming from Mainland China (688,000), the Republic of Korea (41,000) and Hong Kong (150,000) have grown
by 17.3%, 102.1% and 2.7% respectively year-on-year.

Aug

The industry is well governed by the Gaming Inspection
and Coordination Bureau (DICJ) which licenses all gaming
operators, monitors market throughputs and issues
forecasts. In a recent report, DICJ announced that gaming
win (gross gaming revenue) in July 2017 was up 29% over
2016, and stood at US$2.86 billion. Revenue over the first
seven months of 2017 was US$18.5 billion, up 19% on 2016.
These statistics position Macau, which is already the world’s
largest gaming eco-system, on track to surpass US$30
billion in a gaming win over 2017. This compares to all
Nevada casinos, which reported a collective gaming win of
US$11 billion for 2016.

4

Sep

Oct

Industry insiders are bullish on both accelerated growth
and sustainability. Importantly for Dragon Inc., sector
analysts generally agree that increases in VIP gamers
(junkets) numbers is driving the growth.
Macau’s six licensed casino operators are also eyeing
international expansion into Japan and Vietnam. These two
highly prospective regional markets offer Macau very
attractive opportunities for growth and cross-territory
synergies. According to Forbes (Oct 2017), the Japanese
government intends to complete the legislative process by
the first quarter of 2018 that would let casinos operate in
the country for the first time.

A ‘Junket’ is an area or a room in a casino leased by operators who invest and manage
these venues as independent profit centers. So-called ‘Elite Gamers’ are then invited to
attend and are fully hosted whilst they play high-stakes games of chance. In Macau such
junkets are extremely popular and the game of choice is high-stakes baccarat.
A Macau junket can often host well over 100 elite gamers each day and operates 24/7.
Home Country

Macau

Fee 5%

High Roller

Junket
Representative

Agent

Fee 5%

Having been invited, or having decided, to attend a VIP
junket in Macau, a high-roller gamer will inform the junket
operators of the volume of stake money that he wishes to
have available (as a credit) at the gaming tables. This can be
many millions of Hong Kong dollars. The readying of this
stake money is achieved by the gamer’s junket agent vouching for his client.

Agent

Junket
Cashier

High Roller

There are currently more than 190 licensed junkets in Macau
with the top 40 accounting for 80% of total VIP revenue.
International networks of agents vet the credit worthiness
and suitability of high-roller gamers before introducing them
to the VIP junket’s operators. Agents receive commission
from the junket operators for giving credit to the elite gamer
and they are responsible to the junket for any debt collection.

It is an expensive and traditional system that carries funding
costs and credit risks, which is why the typical fee, including
commission for the introducing agent, is 5% of stake
volume. As an incentive to have the elite gamer attend, and
to ease the gamer’s cost of entry, this stake arrangement
cost is picked up by the junket.

The top 40 VIP junkets account for 80% of the total VIP stake
flows, which, according to Bloomberg, for Suncity Group, one
of the major VIP room operators, recently surpassed a
monthly volume of HK$130 billion (US$17 billion).
Other major VIP junket operators include Neptune Group Ltd,
Dore Holdings Ltd, and Lao Kun Group Holding Company
Limited (formerly known as Asia Entertainment & Resources
Limited). All are fully licensed by the Macau Gaming Inspection and Coordination Bureau (DICJ) and several top tier
junket operators have group companies listed on the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange. All junket operators must have the
support of one of the Territory’s licensed gaming concessionaires and sub-concessionaires (major casinos).

On arrival, the elite gamer will be required to register for his
junket VIP card. This is done by providing a telephone
number and showing a valid passport. A confirmation code
is sent via SMS and a VIP account is opened there and then.
Having activated his account, the elite gamer then signs a
deposit form to have the stake monies (which are already
earmarked for him) credited to his junket account.

This money can then be converted into NON-NEGOTIABLE
gaming chips. These non-negotiable chips cannot be Andrew Lo, executive director of Suncity Group Holdings Ltd
cashed. Instead, the gamer must stake them whilst playing recently forecast an upturn of 30% in business this year over
at the tables. This forces the gamer to ‘roll’ all the money
2016, adding his view, “The growth will continue”.
(Bloomberg, 31 August 2017)
across the junket tables, which underpins daily gaming
volumes. As an incentive to roll, junket operators give the
elite gamers a 1% rebate on their gross stake monies once
they complete the first roll.
Winnings are given in the form of NEGOTIABLE gaming
chips, which may be staked or cashed out at the cashier’s
desk. Having decided to return home with the rewards, the
player will once again require the assistance of the junket
managers. This operation will cost the elite gamer between
5%-7% of his winnings.
Maximum stakes at baccarat tables in a Macau VIP junket can
be as high as HK$2 million per play, and daily rolling volumes
easily reach HK$2 billion, with a junket possibly hosting over
100 elite gamers a day. Most will play baccarat but other
games of chance are on offer.
5

BUILDING THE BASE

Membership of the Dragon Community, Dragon Inc. will not be
exclusively focused on high net worth individuals and
high-roller elite gamers.

We will quickly build an international
community of DRG holders who all
help to power the Dragon eco-system

The Dragon Community will embrace gamers at all rungs of
the expendable income ladder. Indeed, the long-term goal is
to broaden and strengthen the Dragon Community well
beyond junkets in Macau, and well beyond Macau itself.
The business model and the benefits that the Dragon brand
will bring to casinos and their solid cadres of committed
gamers, is globally applicable. In reality, Macau and its junkets
will serve as an unusually solid and highly profitable ‘proof of
concept’ that can be used to underpin the global roll out of the
Dragon brand and growth of the Dragon Community.

Dragon Inc. will build and steadily grow a community
centered on a digital tokenized value-management eco-system tailored to meet the needs of casinos and their gaming
guests. The initial focus will be on the niche junket sector of
Macau and some other South East Asia countries, where both
frictional financial costs and daily cash flows are very high.
Targeting the junket sector will very quickly provide the
platform with both committed users and significant daily
transactional cross-platform flows.

Debit Cards and ATMs
To support members bridging across from the Dragon
Platform to the legacy banking system and fiat money, Dragon
Inc. will issue each member with a Dragon debit card on the
global MasterCard/Visa network. This will allow members to
draw cash and also settle charges for purchases and services
directly from their Dragon account.

Contracted Junkets
We have already signed contracts with four different junket
operators in Macau. Over time, the Dragon brand will grow
through entering into partnerships with many, if not all, of
Macau’s leading junkets. These junkets, some of which are
listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, will greatly benefit
from being connected to the Dragon financial eco-system.

We will also roll out our own network of digital token compatible ATMs. This will start in mid-2018 with these ‘Global Cash
Machines’ appearing in Dragon Junkets and all affiliated
junkets and casinos.

Not only will these partner junkets immediately improve their
profitability and efficiency, but they will also benefit from
access to the Dragon Community of gamers, many of whom
will be very high net worth individuals who are committed
and regular gamers.

Dragon Inc. will seek to draw together interested actors in the
sector to harmonize cross-industry efforts and standardize
protocols.

The Dragon Junket and DGC Acceptance

Dragon-branded Hotel/Casinos

Dragon Inc. targets being operational as a licensed junket in
Macau - branded as the first ‘Dragon Junket’ – before the
upcoming Chinese New Year 2018. Four key junket parters will
join as Dragon affiliated junkets by end of Q1 2018.

Within approximately three years, with the Dragon brand
well-established in Macau and spreading through the international casino sector, Dragon Inc. has plans to open the first of a
number of Dragon-branded hotels and casinos. The ‘disruptive’
plan is to own and operate a flagship hotel/casino in Macau
that is floating, static anchored, eco-friendly and cashless
(accepting DRG only).

The Dragon Junket has direct access to tens of thousands of
elite gamers globally who will ensure attendance and demand
for DRG from Day One. As a sign of confidence, the operators
have already committed no less than US$265 million to the
project, which constitutes 53% of the total supply of Dragon
Coins.

Such a unique and world-class, luxury leisure destination
would almost certainly become a highly popular international
gaming tourist attraction and further boost the international
image and hospitality extended by Macau to the world.

Only junkets branded under the ‘Dragon’ brand, and those
junkets affiliated with Dragon Inc., will benefit from the
commercial leverage of the Dragon Community. Gamers will
have to be a member of the Dragon Community (and holder
of DRG/DGC) to attend and play in the Dragon Junket and
wherever Dragon Global Chips are accepted.

The working name for the first proof of concept cashless
hotel/casino is ‘Dragon Pearl’ and it could be operational in
early H1 2020.

However, the reach of Dragon will extend beyond Macau’s
junket market. We expect many casinos in Macau to quickly
recognize the merits of linking into Dragon Community
membership, many of whom will be very committed gamers,
they will therefore readily welcome and accept conversion of
Dragon Global Chips in their establishments.

We believe that the prospects for the development of a strong base upon which to build a
global Dragon Community are very promising.

6

CONTROLLING THE DRAGON

In addition, to the extent that any excess funds are generated
by the Dragon Platform from transactions and other fees, a
RNG algorithmic process will be initiated by the Dragon
Platform to expend such excess funds to acquire DRG which
may be trading on secondary markets. Such DRG tokens
acquired through the burns will be destroyed.

Our ethereum/ERC20 based platform will
host the native DRG; the eco-system will
include DGC, a gaming transactional token
system

Membership gives the DRG holder the right to access the
Dragon Inc., established in 2017 and registered in the British Dragon Platform with certain privileges and other benefits or
Virgin Islands, will develop the Dragon Platform and even to operate casino tables or other services within the
promote its real-world application. The company will also Dragon Community.
promote platform governance and transparency.
Dragon Global Chips - DGC
The Dragon Platform will grow steadily within an international ecosystem and the Dragon Community of platform In addition to DRG, the Dragon Platform will securely support
users, gaming establishments, gamers and DRG holders all a family of digital utility tokens called Dragon Global Chips:
linked by smartphone app wallets.
‘DGC’. These DGC tokens can be purchased by converting DRG
at the prevailing market rate.
Ethereum Blockchain / ERC20 Compliance
The first global chip will be the DGC-HK, with its value pegged
to the Hong Kong dollar, at a rate of 1 DGC-HK = HK$1.00.
Subsequent DGC tokens in the family will carry a value that is
permanently pegged to a specific fiat currency. The need for
DGC arises because of the fluctuating nature of all value
tokens. DRG value can rise or fall significantly over a short
period of time. The purpose of DGC is to allow users to lock a
certain number of chips at an exchange rate between DRG
and DGC that they are comfortable with.

The Dragon Platform will be securely underpinned by the
internationally acclaimed ethereum blockchain that will act
as the immutable distributed ledger backbone upon which
Dragon will host its complete digital ‘cash/token/chip’
management solution.

DRG/DGC Internal Convertibility
Members can only acquire DGC by conversion of DRG. Gamers
will therefore need to own DRG in order to buy DGC, which
can only be exchanged for non-negotiable physical gaming
chips at the Dragon Junket or any Dragon affiliated gaming
venue.

Dragon Coins - DRG
At the digital heart of Dragon’s ethereum-based platform is
Dragon Coins, designated and registered with the token
market abbreviation: ‘DRG’. The Dragon Coin (DRG) is a
native ethereum divisible digital token with up to 8 decimal
places. The total number of DRG to be issued is 500 million,
which will be minted, managed and governed by the
industry’s leading ERC20 compliant smart contract
technology and associated protocols, all operated over the
ethereum blockchain.

Dragon gamers have the option of either receiving cash or
digital currencies when cashing in physical negotiable
gaming chips. These operations will be undertaken using
secure ‘gamer-cashier’ wallet to wallet transfers over mobile
data/Wi-Fi, or using secure NFC (near field communication
technology). If the gamer chooses to receive cash, he will
receive physical fiat money and will be responsible for the
methods and expenses of bringing home that money. If he
chooses to receive digital currency, the cashier will perform
the neccessary transactions and transfer the desired digital
currency to the gamer’s wallet, net of fees (0.5%).

Use of DRG
Owning DRG automatically entitles a person to membership
of Dragon and so grants access to the Dragon Platform.
Members will be entitled to certain privileges, including but
not limited to, access to Dragon Junkets and affiliated
junkets and casinos that have adopted DRG. DRG holders, as
Dragon Platform members, are not entitled to any financial
rights of the Dragon Inc. at any time and memberships do
not entitle DRG holders to any distribution of profits nor any
claim on any assets. Memberships are not provided with any
right of redemption.

Given the anticipated high volume and vast numbers of daily
transactions in DGC, it may not be appropriate to have these
tokens on the ethereum blockchain.
DRG tokens act as the Dragon Community’s internal
digital currency, freely convertible to fiat money or other
major crypto coins, DGC act as the community’s digital
utility tokens, each with a fixed value, like virtual gaming
chips, and freely convertible to and from DRG and also
non-negotiable physical gaming chips in the Dragon
Junket or any Dragon affiliated gaming venue.

7

Dragon Debit Card

Buying, Selling and Converting DRG

After completion of the Token Sale, DRG can be purchased Every Dragon member can opt to receive a physical Dragon
with fiat money or BTC, ETH, XRP, LTH, through a number of multi-currency debit card linking their Dragon account to
leading industry-recognized partner crypto-exchanges or the global MasterCard/Visa network of ATMs and vendors.
directly through the in-house Dragon Exchange.
Global Cash Machines
Social Wallet

The platform will be connected to a network of Global Cash
Machines (GCMs), that will allow members to use their
Dragon debit cards to draw fiat cash by converting the
digital value stored in their account wallets (whether held as
DRG, BTC, ETH, XRP or LTC). Members will also be able to
deposit fiat money into their wallets at GCMs.

Members of the Dragon Community, defined as being fully
AML/KYC cleared individuals and duly registered with
Dragon as account holders, will be entitled to use the full
functionality state-of-the-art smartphone Dragon affiliated
‘Social Wallet’ which will help them visualize the number of
DRG, DGC and other forms of digital value tokens stored
securely in their Dragon account on the ethereum blockchain. The Dragon Wallet will fully support the holding of
both DRG and DGC.

The roll out plan is to first position GCMs in every Dragon
Junket and Dragon affiliated gaming venue. Later, GCMs will
be sited strategically in major cities in the Far East/ASEAN
region, and thereafter in a number of major cities globally.

DRG and BTC / Alt Coins

Global Cash Machines Starting in Q1 2018 Dragon Inc. plans
to position digital token compatible ATMs in all Dragon and
affiliated gaming venues. These will be branded Global Cash
Machines (GCMs). In time, the network of GCMs will steadily
expand so that members of the Dragon Community - along
with holders of other major crypto coins - will be able gain
[Note: The Social Wallet is scheduled is be released in ready access to cash directly from their digital currency
December 2017, and prior to that, members will be advised wallets. Dragon Inc. will seek to draw together interested
actors in the sector to harmonize efforts and standardize
to use a secure, ERC20 compatible, crypto-utility wallet]
protocols.
The Dragon Platform and Dragon Community Wallet will
support the holding and cross-conversion of DRG to BTC,
ETH, XRP, LTC plus other major digital currencies in the
future.

ERC

20

FIAT
CURRENCY

PAYMENT
GATEWAY

GLOBAL
EXCHANGE
BUY

BANK
COUNTER

COUNTER
SERVICE

SELL

DIGITAL CURRENCIES
&
DRAGON COIN

ATM

DIGITAL
CURRENCY

SOCIAL
WALLET
PHYSICAL CHIP

DRAGON
JUNKET

DRAGON
GLOBAL CHIPS

ERC

20

DRG

DGC

&
DIGITAL
CURRENCIES

8

VISA/MASTERCARD

ONLINE
SHOPPING

DIGITAL CURRENCY
MACHINE

MERCHANT
EDC

BANK ATM

Ethereum

How smart contracts work

Ethereum is a decentralized platform that runs smart contracts:
applications that run exactly as programmed without any
possibility of downtime, censorship, fraud or third party
interference.
These apps run on a custom built blockchain, an enormously
powerful shared global infrastructure that can move value
around and represent the ownership of property.
This enables developers to create markets, store registries of
debts or promises, move funds in accordance with instructions
given long in the past (like a will or a futures contract) and
many other things that have not been invented yet, all
without a middle man or counterparty risk.
The project was bootstrapped via an ether presale in August
2014 by fans all around the world. It is developed by the
Ethereum Foundation, a Swiss non-profit, with contributions
from great minds across the globe.
On traditional server architectures, every application has to
set up its own servers that run their own code in isolated
silos, making sharing of data hard. If a single app is compromised
or goes offline, many users and other apps are affected.
On a blockchain, anyone can set up a node that replicates
the necessary data for all nodes to reach an agreement and
be compensated by users and app developers. This allows
user data to remain private and apps to be decentralized like
the Internet was supposed to work.

It is worth noting that bitcoin was the first to support basic
smart contracts in the sense that the network can transfer
value from one person to another. The network of nodes will
only validate transactions if certain conditions are met, but
bitcoin is limited to the currency use case.
By contrast, ethereum replaces bitcoin's more restrictive
language (a scripting language of a hundred or so scripts)
and replaces it with a language that allows developers to
write their own programs.
Ethereum allows developers to program their own smart
contracts, or 'autonomous agents', as the ethereum white
paper calls them. The language is 'Turing-complete', meaning
it supports a broader set of computational instructions.
Smart contracts are usually written in Solidity, a programming
language specifically developed for this purpose. It is then
compiled into byte code, which is submitted to the Ethereum
blockchain. Here it will remain active in readiness to be
triggered by a specified event. After that, all nodes in the
Ethereum network will execute it.
The Ethereum virtual machine (EVM) will execute the code
and record all approved transactions, and by way of the
principles of the distributed node structure and functionality,
will create an immutable ledger containing transactional
data.

Courtesy of the Ethereum Foundation
www.ethereum.org

Smart contracts can:

•Function as 'multi-signature' accounts, so that funds are
spent only when a required percentage of people agree

•Manage agreements between users, say, if one buys
insurance from the other

•Provide utility to other contracts (similar to how a software
library works)

•Store information about an application, such as domain
registration information or membership records.

Based on information from CoinDesk - Leader in Blockchain
www.coindesk.com

9

LET THE PLAY BEGIN

As with the existing junket system, the physical gaming chips
issued by the cashier’s desk in the Dragon Junket will be
non-negotiable. This means the gamer has to stake all his
non-negotiable chips at the tables. Winnings, however, are
given in negotiable chips, which may be staked or cashed in at
the cashier’s desk for DGC.

By having our own licensed junket, we
will secure immediate transaction flow
for the platform, driving DRG demand
Before Chinese New Year 2018, Dragon Inc. will have its first
branded Dragon Junket fully operational and utilizing
Dragon Global Chips as its only form of internal gaming
currency. This exclusive branded gaming venue will be
operated in partnership with the operators of the largest
and most successful junkets in Macau. Dragon Inc. and the
junket operators are already contracted to run the junket
and US$ 265 million has been secured (for DRG tokens
through this Token Sale) which will be the necessary deposit to cover stake monies.
Average daily gaming flows for 2018 are forecasted to be
over US$ 300 million from players who are already linked to
the existing junkets operated by Dragon’s new partners.
The main game of chance at the tables will continue to be
baccarat.
The Dragon Junket will operate on similar principles to
existing junkets, but with some important modifications to
the standard internal gaming protocols. These rule changes
will help stimulate a broadening of membership of the
Dragon Community.
Unlike the existing junket system, gamers wishing to attend
the Dragon Junket will not need to register at the venue.
Instead, at their leisure, they can become members of the
Dragon Community by applying online, passing through
the registration and KYC/AML procedure and installing a
Dragon Community Wallet on their smart phone. This may
be done at the venue but most members will have done
this well ahead of arriving at the Dragon Junket.

In addition, all gamers at the Dragon Junket will receive an
incentive rebate of 1% once they have ‘rolled’ (staked ) all their
non-negotiable chips.
A major difference between the Dragon Junket and traditional junkets is that Dragon gamers will not face blanket high
levels of minimum stakes. Gaming will be possible at more
modest levels of minimum stake.
If the gamer requires more stake money during a gaming
session, or perhaps overnight in readiness for the next day’s
play, fiat funds in the gamer’s bank account can be used to
buy DRG through the Dragon in-house exchange, or other
exchanges, for conversion to DGC. These DGC can immediately be used to acquire more physical gaming chips. Alternatively, if the member holds sufficient DRG already, then it is
simply a matter of buying DGC with DRG, and getting physical
chips for DGC from the cashier in order to continue to play.
This is very different from the cumbersome procedure at
traditional junkets, where it is virtually impossible for a gamer,
VIP or otherwise, to bring in additional stake money without
incurring very punitive loan or positioning costs, with the
whole process taking many hours or even days.
Having played the tables, the gamers at the Dragon Junket
will visit the cashier to convert their physical gaming chips to
any digital currency. When done, they are free to leave the
venue with their holding of digital currency securely held in
their smart phone wallet.

The ease, speed and security of the procedure for gamers
within the Dragon Junket (and all affiliated junkets and
casinos too) will be a major driver in building regular gamer
The majority of gamers will arrive with DRG or DGC tokens numbers. In addition, the Dragon Junket will break down
in their account and showing on their smart phone wallets. some of the ‘elitist’ barriers to gaming and broaden the base,
whilst retaining that all-important exclusivity label.
Once inside the Dragon Junket, members can use smart
phone NFC protocol (or wallet-to-wallet transfer) at the The biggest benefit to gamers, and the strongest growth
Dragon customer service desk to sell DRG and buy the driver, will be the dramatic reduction in costs and fees
house digital chips, DGC-HK (Dragon Global Chips). These compared to the present junket system. Costs to gamers for
have a fixed rate value of 1 DGC = HK$ 1.00. These DCG-HK the return of winnings will drop from the current level of
between 5%-7%, to around 1%. A very significant saving,
will then also appear in their wallet.
which is likely to boost business still further by releasing
Having charged their account with DGC, the gamer can additional funds for gamers that they can stake at the tables
then choose when to convert DGC to physical gaming chips in the Dragon Junket.
for play at the baccarat tables.
Note: Playing with physical chips is still considered a key
feature of the collective enjoyment, excitement and practical convenience of real-time gaming in casinos.

10

THE DRAGON BREATHES
360 million DRG will be sold through
the Dragon Coin Sale, out of which
73.6% has been committed!
Audit
If the Dragon Coin Sale is supported to the level predicted
by many, it is destined to become one of the largest token
generation events in the history. Whilst being an accolade,
this places a higher than usual burden of responsibility on
the Dragon team and their advisors.

60MILLION
DRG

ETN

D

K
N ILLIO
U
J 265M DRG

IC
BLLLION
PU35MI RG

Given this, and Dragon’s overriding principle of security and
full transparency for DRG holders, each ERC20 compliant
Smart Contract linked to the ethereum blockchain will be
subjected to independent crypto audits prior to the Token
Sale.

EARLY

DRG Allocation
The maximum number of DRG that could be created is
capped at 500 million, which are allocated as follows:
Founders:
Advisors:
Treasury:
Reserve:

10%
1%
7%
10%

Token Sale:
(i) Junket Partners 53%
(ii) Early Supporters 12%
(iii) Public Sale
7%

(50 million DRG)
(5 million DRG)
(35 million DRG)
(50 million DRG)

Crowd Sale - A breakdown
Junket Partners:
Early Supporters:
Public Sale:

(265 million DRG)
(60 million DRG)
(35 million DRG)

265 million DRG (Private Placement)
60 million DRG (Private Placement)
35 million DRG

Total for Token Sale = 360 million DRG

DRG held in Treasury will be used for but not limited to:
Bonus DRG to Core Subscribers, and
Bonus DRG to the Dragon Social Fund
Note: The numbers of DRG for both of the above donations
are dependent on take up of Core Subscriber packages (see
p. 12 for details).
DRG held in Reserve may be sold in subsequent rounds of
token generation events or in the market, upon reaching
the next milestone.

Exclusion
Legal requirements prohibit any participation in the Dragon Coin Sale for
individuals who are passport holders or a resident of any of these countries:
United States of America
Republic of Singapore
People’s Republic of China

11

Junket Partners
The main initial driver of Dragon business is the Dragon Bonus Packages:
Junket, scheduled to be operational before the upcoming
Chinese New Year. DRG holders will benefit from growth in In addition, each subscriber in the public sale will receive a
immediate gaming volumes at the Dragon Junket.
number of ‘bonus’ DRG gifted to them depending on which
bonus package below is taken up:
To operate efficiently, Dragon Inc. will be required to lodge a
substantial gaming deposit with the host casino so as to Option 1: “Bronze Package”
provide cover for daily gaming in the Dragon Junket.
This package requires the subscriber to commit 0.333 ETH to
The Dragon Junket will be able to leverage some 2.5 times purchase 100 DRG.
on whatever deposit is put in place. This leveraged deposit
sum sets the ceiling for gaming volumes. The higher the Subscribers who opt for this package will receive a bonus of
‘covered’ gaming limit, the more gamers can stake with 8 DRG from the Treasury’s allocation, and the Treasury will
resulting benefits.
also transfer 8 DRG to the Dragon Social Fund should
subscribers opt for this contribution on the subscription
Typically, junkets receive an annualized net contribution of page.
some 35% of the average daily gaming deposit (i.e. 35%
after funding all routine operational costs).
Option 2: “Silver Package”
265 million DRG are allocated in the Token Sale for strategic This package requires the subscriber to commit 3.33ETH to
partners of the Dragon Junket. This allocation will serve to purchase 1,000 DRG.
bind the partners’ commitment to the Dragon Community.
Subscribers who opt for this package will receive a bonus of
Note: Dragon Inc. has already FULLY pre-sold this element of 88 DRG from the treasury’s allocation, and the treasury will
the Crowd Sale.
also transfer 88 DRG to the Dragon Social Fund should
subscribers opt for this contribution on the subscription
page.
Presale - Early Supporters
Option 3: “Gold Package”
Since the project’s inception and early stage development,
Dragon Inc. has received heartening support from within This package requires the subscriber to commit 33.33ETH to
both the crypto and the wider communities. Many so-called purchase 10,000 DRG.
‘Early Supporters’ have expressed solid interest in supporting the business and have pledged financial support.
Subscribers who opt for this package will receive a bonus of
888 DRG from the treasury’s allocation, and the treasury will
60 million DRG will be placed at US$ 1.00 per DRG with also transfer 888 DRG to the Dragon Social Fund should
Dragon’s Early Supporters. The presale to Early Supporters subscribers opt for this contribution on the subscription
have started since early November and will continue until page.
3rd December 2017.
Notes:
1. Bonus Packages are restricted - one package (either
Public Sale
Bronze, Silver or Gold) per individual subscriber
2. Bonus DRG will be credited to Core Subscriber’s wallets
The public subscription component of the Token Sale will within 45 days from close of the Token Sale.
run no more than one (1) week from 8th December 2017 to
31th December 2017 - a total of 35 million DRG will be
offered at 0.00333ETH per DRG - and through it, Dragon
aims to gain a wide base of DRG holders.

12

Summary of Presale to Early Supporters

Summary of Public Sale

Time:

Time:
12:00 pm on 8th December 2017 to 12:00 pm on 31
th December 2017

Early November to 12:00 pm on 3rd December 2017

Minimum purchase required during Presale is 50,000 DRG.
60 million DRG will be offered at the price of US$ 1.00 per DRG
Purchase of DRG during the Presale period is not carried out
under a token sale smart contract.

35 million DRG will be offered to the general public at a price of
0.00333 ETH per DRG.
Subscribers can submit their purchase order and make
payment on the Dragon Coin Sale website at
www.drgtoken.io.
All times quoted are in Macau local time.

Project Description

Application of digital tokenization over a blockchain distributed ledger to
tokenize the complete management of digital gaming chips that will be
accepted in casinos globally, and to build a community of DRG holders
who will benefit from DRG being a major digital currency of DRG holders

Ticker Symbol

DRG

Token Protocol

DRG is issued and operated under the ERC20 infrastructure

Public Sale Start Date

8th December 2017, 12:00 pm Macau time

Public Sale End Date

31th December 2017, 12:00 pm Macau time

Price

0.00333ETH per 1 DRG

Total Amount of DRG Created

500,000,000 DRG Tokens

Percentage held by Founders

10%

Percentage held by Advisors

1%

Percentage held by Treasury

7%

Percentage held by Reserve

10%

Percentage sold through Token Sale

72%

Accepted Cryptocurrencies for the Dragon Coin Launch

Ethereum (ETH)

13

FUNDING THE BUSINESS
Prudent use of Token Sale proceeds is key
for sound development of the business,
safeguarding the future for stakeholders

Based on assumptions that the Token Sale of 360 mllion DRG is fully sold out and the subsequent token sale or
saledown out of the Reserve of 50 million DRG is also completed at a price of no less than US$1 per DRG, Dragon Inc.
anticipates receiving approximately US$420 million in proceeds from the sale of a total of 410 million DRG. The amount
expected to be received is enough for Dragon Inc. to start its main operation and purpose of servicing high rollers
immediately. It is our intention to show our supporters and the community that the business is indeed lucrative.
The company’s full roll out plan includes the following investments and expenses:
Development / Operations
Dragon Social Wallet and Exchange
Reserve for Global Cash Machines
500 Global Cash Machines
Marketing/Promotion (Year 1)
Deposit for the Dragon Junket

= US$ 2 million
= US$ 14 million
= US$ 14 million
= US$ 10 million
= US$ 350 million

Working Capital

= US$ 15 million

Dragon Pearl Project

= US$ 15 million

14

(3 years for development and maintenance)
(US$ 28,000 for each GCM a total of 500 GCMs)
(3 years for development and maintenance)
(Major spend to quickly ramp up member numbers)

(Pre-Engineering design)

GUARDING THE GOLD
Ring fencing funding in separate cells,
each with its own governance and usage
rules aids prudent and sound financial
control

Working Capital

Funds reserved as working capital will be initially kept in a professionally managed porfolio of cash, DRG and
other major cryptocurrencies, and will be prudently used to support Dragon’s long-term business goals. Below
are some possible strategic uses for the funds.
(a) Deposits
Building a strong eco-system of branded and affiliated junkets will require us to share with our future partners
the burden of lodging deposits to cover gaming stake volumes.
Such financial support directly benefits the Dragon Community and DRG holders
(b) General Business Development
Monies from the Dragon Reserve Fund will be accessible to support general business development and
unplanned opportunities to build growth.
(c) Dragon Pearl
The Dragon Pearl project (for details, please refer to section headed “The Dragon Pearl”) will attract many new
participants into the Dragon Community and will promote our brand internationally.
Part of the working capital might well be loaned to the project to cover any unexpected shortfall or change in
long-term funding structures, and also to fund the on-going expenses for set-up and early stage operations.

Social Fund
Dragon Inc. believes strongly that responsible companies should consider the social impact of their business and
also ensure that they invest back into the communities that help drive their business. Our Social Fund will spearhead our social responsibility programme.
In the spirit of ‘8’ being a lucky number in Chinese philosophy, the founders of Dragon Inc. have directed the
Charity Fund to focus on eight core issues.
1. Support to NGOs tackling effects of gambling addiction
2. Wider education of young people in blockchain and digital currency related technology
3. Poverty alleviation in the communities in Dragon has gaming operations
4. Illiteracy in the communities in Dragon has gaming operations
5. Job creation programmes in the communities which Dragon has gaming operations
6. General support for the elderly in Macau
7. ASEAN and Far East cultural and educational exchange programmes
8. Scholarships for degrees in computer technology

15

ENTER THE DRAGON
We will quickly build an international
community of DRG holders who will all
help to power the Dragon eco-system

The founders and management of Dragon Inc. are acutely aware of typical market
dynamics and token holder sensitivity in the weeks and months following any public
token offering. There are numerous examples of offerings where holders of newly
acquired tokens have suffered fall back in market pricing following a token sale for a
variety of reasons. One factor is holders of heavily discounted tokens choosing to
take quick profits.
Whilst the market’s attitude and reaction to the launch of DRG is beyond the control
of Dragon Inc. and its management, sensible measures have been included in the
Token Sale structure to help shield token holders from early price slippage. Indeed,
it is hoped that these mechanisms, combined with the early commencement of
business through the Dragon Junket, will go a long way towards bolstering market
sentiment and supporting pressure for upward price movement.
Dragon Inc.’s management is fully committed to delivering value, especially over the
long term, to all members of the Dragon Community through solid and strategic
development of the underlying business.
As a sign of that commitment, a practical mechanism has been put in place by way
of sale restrictions for DRG holders who acquire DRG outside the public sale.

The Dragon Coin Sale therefore includes the following restrictive conditions:
DRG older category

Restriction

Founders

Maximum 10% of holding may be sold during Year 1
No restriction thereafter

Advisors

Resale restriction for no more than 1 Year

Junket Partners

Maximum 50% re-sale permitted during Year 1
No restriction thereafter

Early Supporter

No re-sale permitted for 3 months
No restriction thereafter

Public Subscribers

No restriction

16

“One Month, One Millionaire” Air Drop

Built into the plan are a number of
engines that will help drive demand
value and positive market sentiment

As an incentive to holding DRG, 10% of the net monthly
income from all Dragon Junkets and affiliated junkets will be
air-dropped into the wallet of one very fortunate DRG holder
through algorithmic random selection. Not only will Dragon
be rewarding DRG holders, but it will also essentially be
creating a new high roller every month. Dragon Inc. will use
As with any community, members participate for a number the profit to buy DRG in exchanges and air drop reward as
of reasons and for a range of benefits (‘value’), both DRG
tangible and intangible.
Members of the Dragon Community will no doubt each
view their membership and participation as being beneficial to them in ways that are very personal. Some might see
benefit in holding DRG with no obvious intention of visiting
a Dragon gaming venue in the short or medium term.
Others might value the opportunity to use Dragon as a safe
way to enter the modern world of digital currencies and
have a wallet on their smart phone linked to a widely
accepted Dragon debit card. Some might place greater
value on that sense of pioneering spirit that led them to
early association with a promising start-up. Whilst others,
who might be a significant slice of the membership, might
view becoming a member and holding DRG as a valuable
means to an end - namely convenient and low-cost gaming.
Dragon Inc. is fully mindful of this broad spectrum of
differing value drivers for members of the Dragon Community. Therefore the business model and the Token Sale
within that, contain a range of mechanisms that in a variety
of ways, directly or indirectly, reward members for their
loyalty and participation.

This will happen based on coin ownership on the 8th day of
each month at 8.00 pm Macau local time.
The Air Drop will start three months after the commencement
of operations.
Expansion of Dragon Gaming Venues
Dragon Inc. is committed to the Dragon Junket and four
Affiliate junket being operational in Q1 2018. Based on the
current plan, a second Dragon Junket and at least four more
Affiliate junkets will be operational in Macau by end 2018.
Dragon Global Chips
The intention over time is to steadily expand the user base of
DGC across the entire international casino industry, which will
require many more gamers to buy DRG.
Global Cash Machines

The roll out of ‘crypto-friendly’ Global Cash Machines that
support the cashing out of DRG will benefit DRG holders and
The token economy and business plan contains value assist in making DRG a digital currency of choice beyond the
drivers for DRG holders and the wider Dragon Community sphere of the gaming community.
that support strong demand pressure to acquire and hold
DRG.
Cashless Hotel/Casinos
Availability of DRG

The much anticipated flagship Dragon Pearl hotel/casino in
Macau will be the first in a planned chain of cashless environThe Token Sale contains a lock up for some categories of ments where gamers and guests will require DRG to pay for
DRG holders. This will impact the supply side of DRG until DGC, chips, accommodation, goods and services.
all lock ups have been served.
Digital Currency Status

Burning DRG

Although DRG is being born out of a need in the elite gaming
sector, holding DRG does not compel holders to ever enter a
Dragon gaming venue. The trust that will be developed by the
market in the Dragon Coin gives scope for DRG to become a
The burn will be funded using part of the net monthly widely accepted and trusted major digital currency.
income of the month two months prior from the Dragon
Junket and the affiliate junkets.
Commencing three months after the beginning of operations,
the company will begin a DRG burn programme.

17

The Dragon Pearl hotel/casino is set to be a transformative
hospitality concept boasting 400 luxury guest rooms and
suites, restaurants and retail spaces, a pool, spa and sports
facilities, as well as ample car parking.

Full international 5-star standard
400 guest rooms double occupancy
16,000 square metres of gaming floor

Of special interest to the Dragon Community will be the
16,000 square meters of dedicated floor space for gaming.

Marina and pedestrian walkways

Applying state-of-the-art marine and offshore engineering
techniques, all this will be designed into a 100m diameter
floating construction, anchored close to shore with a vehicle
and pedestrian causeway. The first preferred location is
Macau.

Natural swimming pools
Several restaurants, bars and shops
High spec gymnasium and spa

It is also planned to make the Dragon Pearl a cashless hospitality complex, where everything is paid for using digital
tokens. DRG and DGC will be the only permitted in-house
transaction digital currencies.

‘Swimming Ring’ shape
Floating pontoon, concrete construction

The hotel will be designed to the highest safety standards
and levels of environmental efficiency. It will be one of the
most eco-friendly habitable floating eco-systems in the
world.

Multi-storey superstructure
3 floors below water level
Full safety/environment/securty spec

The facility will be energy-neutral (worst case) and self-sustaining in terms of heat and power. It will also have its own
desalination and waste-recycling plants.

Self-sufficient in power generation

Dragon Inc. entered into contractual mode in August 2017
and has held discussions concerning outline specification
and design. The focus is now on gaining provisional
clearance from the authorities in Macau before cementing
the investment and moving to the next stage.

Renewable energy sources
Relocatable as required

Assuming the necessary approvals and construction go as
planned, the expected opening is early-mid 2021.

18

Chakrit (Chris) Ahmad

Founder & CEO at the Dragon Inc.
Mr Ahmad is a seasoned CEO and serial entrepreneur with broad
leadership expertise across technology, software, listings and M&A.
With over 10 years of executive experience, he has proven success in
building and managing large opportunities through to project design,
implementation and completion. His negotiation skills extend not only
to other global C-level and private sector decision-makers, but he also
has an extensive background working with top government and
ministerial officials to achieve project goals.
With Mr Ahmad’s track record in crafting technology solutions to bring
success and development to new industries, it is no surprise that he
leads the Dragon Inc. in revolutionising the gaming and hotel industry
with blockchain, cashless payments and social benefits for the gamer
as well as industry leaders and the societies they work in.

Paul Moynan

Co-Founder Business Development
Mr. Moynan is a global entrepreneur and operations expert, with two
decades of success in high-level projects including governments, high
net worth families and Her Majesty’s Royal Marine Commandos.
his keen acumen for business and project execution has led him to
develop a significant portfolio of industry-leading companies. The
companies range from blockchain technology development,. and
cutting-edge healthcare innovation, to security and gaming.
he has served as an advisor to many offices of The President of African
States as well as personal advisor to a number of families across the
Middle East. Mr.Moynan brings a wealth of top level expertise to
Dragon Inc. and its development into a world-leading blockchain
ecosystem.

19

Panchat Chayutthana

Director of Business Development and Finance at Dragon
Mr. Chayutthana is a brilliant young mind with experience and archivements
well beyond his age in finance and securities, as well as business development. Graduating at the age of 18 with a degree in biotechnology, he
participated in a research programme in Germany. He then continued to
pursue a Master's degree in Finance and graduated from San Francisco's
Hult International Business School at the age of 20. He is now on course
to complete a Ph.D in Economics by the age of 25.
his work experience started with a position as investment consultant for
Trinity Securities Public Company Limited in which he held licenses for
capital assets and derivatives. He was then recruited to work for Apple
Securities Public Company limited as a deputy manager of investment
banking. With several years of experience in the finance industry,
Mr. Chayutthana was invited to join the Dragon Team as director of
business development and finance, in which he has helped bring about
the partnership structure as well as the operations structure with key
business partners crucial to the success of the Dragon Inc.

Yobie Benjamin

Chief Technology Officer
Yobie Benjamin is a Filipino entrepreneur, technology pioneer and international speaker. Benjamin is a globally acknowledged thought leader in
the areas of wearable computing, crypto-currencies, payments, information security, machine learning and artificial intelligence and software
development. Benjamin has always been ahead of the curve seeking to
push the boundaries of design, technology, human interface and
experience. In accepting the CTO position with Dragon Benjamin said,
“The physical gaming and casino environment provides a rich laboratory and platform for some of computer science’s most vexing problems.
Recognizing undesirable players using some of the most complex
capabilities of computer vision, facial recognition and machine learning;
Analyzing body movement, facial cues and ticks to recognize player
collusion is critical to building customer trust.”
Benjamin also brings years of experience in global payments, crypto-currencies and an intimate understanding of business and compliance
issues such as KYC (Know Your Customer), AML (Anti-Money Laundering) and anti-terrorism and tracking systems. He will be leading a global
team of select technologists to deliver a world class gaming experience.

Dr. Alen Siy

Chief Financial Officer
Dr. Alen Siy is a medical doctor, world class businessman and finance
expert. Dr. Siy has built some of the most successful global defense
industry franchises in Asia.
He has built a solid reputation as a financial genius acting as both CFO
and CEO of several defense related businesses including Bushmaster
Firearms, Heckler and Koch, Nampo-Talley and Accuracy International.
His expertise ranges from general management, GAAP to anti-terrorist
and surveillance/security systems.

20

NICK SPANOS

Nick Spanos founded the NYC Bitcoin Center, a
6000 square foot space right next to the NYC
Stock Exchange. He is the Chief Executive
Officer for Blockchain Technologies Corporation and has demonstrated a strong history of
working in the computer software industry.
Skilled in Grassroots Organizing, Sales,
E-commerce, Bitcoin, and Entrepreneurship.
Nick is a global blockchain pioneer who sits on
the board of the Synapse foundation. In 2013,
he was amongst the first to kickstart the
American Blockchain Community, with his
technological flair and entrepreneurial spirit, he
has pioneered numerous blockchain applications, such as voting technology, blockchain
security and next generation wallet technology.
Nick has recently received much attention for
his part in the 2017 "Banking on Bitcoin"
documentary on Netflix.

LAS HO CHOI

Las Ho Choi is an experienced junket operator
and advisor. His first casino exposure began in
his home country of South Korea. Successful
management of casinos allowed him to also
hold equities in casinos. He later expanded his
portfolio of investment and management to
Macau which is the largest gaming city in the
world. Mr. Las is currently a high net worth
investor and advisor in many casinos and
junkets primarily in Macau and in other gaming
cities globally.

DEAN CANNELL

Dean is the Founder & CEO of CoinFabric.com, a
firm which helps blockchain enabled companies to raise funds through Token Sales. Before
starting CoinFabric, Dean spent 13 years
helping traditional technology startup companies to go from idea to funding or acquisition.
Dean's experience includes business strategy,
internal governance, technology & product
positioning to enable growth.

CHRISTOPHER CANNUCCIARI

Chris has a long career in documentary
filmmaking, beginning his time at Vice News in
2007, working on the Creators Project. Today he
heads up Viceland’s #1 rated show, Desus and
Mero. Most recently he’s premiered his feature
documentary on Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency,
“Banking on Bitcoin.” “Banking on Bitcoin” was
an extensively researched, three year process
which premiered at the number one position
on iTunes in early 2017. It is currently a featured
documentary on Netflix. He directed all aspects
of the production, from the concept to the
production and post production. Alongside
short form and feature length documentary
filmmaking, Chris has directed global commercial and content campaigns for brands such as
Kia, GQ, Nike, Reebok and Oakley.

21

BRITTANY KAISER

Ms. Kaiser is a leader in development and
promotion of cutting edge technology,
having spent her career supporting companies, governments, and international organisations in adoption and integration. Her
expertise began in data-driven political
campaigns and projects for Federal Government departments. Ms Kaiser has also
represented countries in trade and investment
promotion initiatives, encouraging private
sector collaboration on development of
emerging markets. Currently Ms Kaiser is a
Director of Business Development at
Cambridge Analytica (CA), where she leads in
identifying and driving growth of new
projects, such as helping blockchain companies in using predictive modelling to target
investors for token sales. As an early promoter of blockchain technology, she holds
multiple advisory roles for high-level
blockchain projects in Asia and Latin
America.

SAMUEL MCCULLOCH

Samuel is founder of Smart ICO Investor and
consultant for blockchain startups, a former
futures and options trader who worked for
several funds before moving into crypto space
and starting an ICO investment fund for private
investors. he has provide consulting services for
several ICOs already, including BotGaming and
Brickblock. A graduate of the University of St.
Andrews in 2013, he has since lived in Russia.
Samuel focuses on business models, token
structure and messaging.

DEAN ANASTOS

Dean Anastos is an expert in blockchain, token
sales and smart contract development. His
experience in finance and programming serves
as the perfect background for founding fintech
companies. Dean has founded a number of
companies, including Mortgage Float, which is
an online exchange for non-performing bank
assets and Blockchain Developers which
specializes in developing complex smart
contracts and launching ICOs. Dean is also an
equity partner and on the advisory board for the
ICO for VectorZilla.

MAX GARZA

Max Garza is a blockchain investor, trainer
and ICO advisor. He is Co-founder and
managing partner for Bitfundza, one of the
largest Bitcoin Crowd funding platforms
globally. Co-founder and Chief Operations
Officer at AAI Global Solutions, providing
financial services for international clients.
Equity partner for Vectorzilla, Lead ICO and
Blockchain R&D Advisor for Dragon Coin,
focusing on Cross Chain Atomic Swaps.
Equity Partner at Dionysus. Studio, Hollywood
Blockchain Advisor and Producer for MAD
Acting Studio in Los Angeles, California and
Co-owner of Blockchain Research and Development LLP India.

ABDUL QAIYOOM

Abdul is a blockchain investor and decentralized
technology expert, with 20 years’ experience
in business planning, management (IT) and
creative direction. CEO of Allies Interactive
Services Pvt. Ltd. (the world’s largest micro-stock
graphics content creation & distribution company)
which has helped explosive startups including
Shift72.com (formerly indiereign), ravebuild.co.nz, diziana.com, mico stock.in.
Co-Founder of VectorZIlla.io (Blockchain based
AI Driven Micro Stock Graphics Platform) and
Social advocate for "Parivartan", a Social Welfare
Charity.

ANNA HAZLETT

Anna has 10+ years experience as Strategic
Business Development Advisor to leading
Business Owners, Family Businesses, Start-ups
and Entrepreneurs across Asia, Africa and the
Middle East. With a demonstrated history of
working in the Financial Services industry, Hotel
Real Estate, Private Island Development, Fintech
and as a serial Entrepreneur herself, Anna is an
Ideas Specialist with a future focused approach.
Proven Leadership capability and strong
business development initiative working in
Global Growth Markets as well as Developed
Economies. Anna is driving new initiatives
forward in areas of financial inclusion, the
application of emerging technologies
(blockchain, smart contracts, IoT) and digital
business transformation. Anna graduated with
First Class Joint Honors BA Business Management & South East Asian Studies from The
University of Leeds, UK and the International
Baccalaureate Diploma from United World
College, South East Asia.

22

JIT SINGH

Jit Singh is a IT Infrastructure expert. He has a
robust financial industry background: trading
floor project management and eventually a
partner of Technology company where
security is the mission. He partnered up with
major technology companies such as
Microsoft, Cisco, HP and Dell. He is Chief
Information Officer Dionysus. Studio an
ICO being launched soon and a partner with
BlockchainDevelopers.org which specializes
in developing and launching ICOs. Jit is also
equity partner for Vectorzilla, an ICO that
incorporates deep AI Learning and Vector
Platforms, which is launching in India 2017.

VLATKO GIGOV

Vlatko Gigov is an expert in telecommunications, platform as a service, blockchain
ecosystems and token economics. In his
previous endeavors he has managed IT
development teams across the world in mobile
app development, platform as a service and
blockchain development. He has worked on
multiple technology and telecommunications
startups. He is a former Officer for Economic
affairs at a permanent mission to the United
Nations in Geneva working directly with the UN,
WTO, WIPO, ITU, ILO and other organizations.
He has been advising and developing multiple
non-profit foundations to abide by the UN
Sustainable Development Goals.

One of the main social benefits of the Dragon eco-system is the contribution to improved governance within the casino
sector. Every person in the Dragon Community (holders of the DRG digital currency) will have passed through KYC/AML
screening conducted by a highly reputable and specialist due diligence company (Identity Mind Global) at arm’s length to
Dragon Inc.. The whole community of gamers will therefore be legitimized in terms of identification, something the
traditional system lacked. The ecosystem will therefore have within it the immutable record of all transactions conducted
by all wallets belonging to members of the Dragon Community. Dragon Inc. fully respects the privacy of its members so
the identity of the wallet holders will not be publicly available, however, the Dragon Inc. will fully comply with any legal
request from relevant authorities regarding identification of a wallet holder, should the need arise.
Our business plan is in line with governments’ general trend towards a cashless society where all value is clearly identifiable and fully recorded.
In addition to identity and fiscal governance, Dragon Inc. is extremely serious in its desire to operate to a high standard
regarding social responsibilities and have established the Dragon Social Fund with clear directives to target through
multiple funding channels, NGOs, as well as social and educational development agencies that are actively and successfully engaged in building capacity within casino related industry and certain carefully identified sectors of society and
communities where Dragon Inc. is operative.
Dragon Inc. is committed to a coherent management system aimed at maximizing the interests of all its stakeholders.

IMPORTANT
Ownership of DRG during the token generation event
carries no rights express or implied. Purchases of DRG are
non-refundable. Purchasers should have no expectation of
influence over governance of the platform. By participating
in the sale of DRG, you expressly acknowledge and
represent that you have carefully reviewed the Terms and
fully understand the costs, and benefits of purchasing DRG
and agree to be bound by these Terms. As set forth below,
you further represent and warrant that, to the extent
permitted by law, you are authorized to purchase DRG in
your relevant jurisdiction, are of a legal age to be bound by
these Terms, and will not hold DRG, its parent and affiliates,
and the officers, directors, agents, joint ventures, employees
and suppliers of DRG or our parent or affiliates, and any
other member of the Issuer (collectively the “Issuers”) now
or in the future liable for any losses or any special, incidental,
or consequential damages arising out of, or in any way
connected to. the sale of DRG.

While the Issuers will ensure its reasonable availability to
assist Purchasers of DRG during the token generation event,
the Dragon Team will not be responsible in any way for loss
of DRG or any similar type of online/digital/virtual token or
cryptocurrency, resulting from actions taken by, or omitted
by Purchasers. If you do not have the aforementioned
experience or expertise, then you should not purchase DRG
or participate in the sale of DRG.
DO NOT PURCHASE DRG IF YOU ARE AMERICAN, CHINESE,
OR SINGAPOREAN.
Purchases of DRG must not be undertaken by individuals,
entities, or companies who are a citizen of, or residing in, or
a resident of, the United State of America, the People’s
Republic of China, and the Republic of Singapore.

Any agreement as between the Issuers and the Purchaser,
and in relation to any sale and purchase of DRG tokens (as
DO NOT PURCHASE DRG IF YOU ARE NOT AN EXPERT IN referred to in this Whitepaper) is to be governed only by a
DEALING WITH CRYPTOGRAPHIC TOKENS AND BLOCK- separate document setting out the terms and conditions
CHAIN-BASED SOFTWARE SYSTEMS.
(the T&Cs) of such agreement which can be found on the
Dragon Website www.drgtoken.io In the event of any inconPurchases of DRG should be undertaken only by individu- sistencies between the T&Cs and this Whitepaper, the
als, entities, or companies that have significant experience former will prevail.
with, and understanding of, the usage and intricacies of
cryptographic tokens, like bitcoin (“BTC”), and blockchain
based software systems and services. Purchasers have the
sole responsibility to ensure that they have a functional
understanding of storage and transmission mechanisms
associated with other cryptographic tokens in order to
ensure that they understand the risks associated with the
token generation event.
23

