INFRASTRUCTURE PLATFORM
FOR GAMING AND ESPORTS

Whitepaper 3.0

Table of Contents
Abstract
Market Overview
Problem & Solution
Product & Strategy
DreamTeam Token
Growth and Support
Technological Stack
Competitor Analysis
Token Sale
Use of Funds, Token Distribution
Team
Advisory Board
Lead Investor
Partners
Contacts
Sources

2

3
4
13
15
19
27
29
30
31
32
33
34
36
37
39
40

Abstract
Presently, gaming is one of the largest entertainment markets on the planet. It’s a
$150Bn industry, covering ⅓ of the world’s population, i.e., 2.3Bn people as of 2017.
Competitive gaming, a thin line between gaming and sports, has emerged in which
players pit their skills against one another online. It already has over 1.4 Bn users
concentrated around the top-10 most competitive titles like Counter-Strike, League
of Legends, Dota 2 and Overwatch, etc. Esports, as it is today, has emerged from
competitive gaming — that is, when players compete against each other in computer
games professionally.
Esports is one of the fastest-growing digital markets with a 33% annual growth
rate. Its opportunities are endless: esports will have over 1Bn enthusiasts and viewers
by 2023, which is ⅓ of all gamers, and will become the #1 sport of the future. The
market has produced spectacular infrastructure around the professional and semiprofessional ecosystem, specifically for tournaments and spectating.
This is where DreamTeam comes into play as the first professional network for
gamers and esports enthusiasts, literally, a LinkedIn for gamers. We are the platform
for hundreds of millions of gamers who want to find friends, improve skills, manage
clans, and earn money.

3

Market Overview
Gaming market
Just some 20 years ago, the gaming industry was taking its first steps as a
developing market with yearly revenue of under $200M. Back in the ’90s, we played
everlasting hits like Super Mario, Legend of Zelda, DOOM, Duke Nukem, and Half-Life
- all immensely entertaining despite their limited single-player mode.

But playing against your computer could never compare to the level of
engagement and challenges when faced by real opponents. So as the evolution of the
internet and technology progressed, the era of multiplayer gaming began, and the
gaming market rapidly expanded.
Today it already encompasses 2.3 Bn people and continues to grow. Each year it will
continue growing, covering more and more of the yet claimed audiences.
In perspective, the gaming market revenue was $109Bn in 2017, $135Bn in 2018, and
is projected to slowly grow year-over-year and reach $180Bn in 2021 with a CAGR of
13%. The gaming audience growth is showing similar signs of steady but slow growth
with a CAGR of 5% and 2.2Bn viewers in 2017, 2.3Bn in 2018, and a projected 2.7Bn in
2021 if the growth rates remain the same.

4

Competitive gaming as a major part of the gaming
industry
The core of competitive gaming and a large part of the gaming market is in
competition between players or teams in online multiplayer games. Remember that 1.1
Bn users are registered in the top-10 competitive titles on PC alone. Eight out of ten
titles are team-based games like Counter-Strike, League of Legends, DotA 2, World of
Tanks, and Overwatch; all played 5-on-5 or 6-on-6.

As in traditional sports, team-based games are by far the most popular for their
intense visuals and interest for the viewers. And with its growing popularity, esports is
spanning not only across the PC market but on consoles and mobile markets as well.
Indeed, consoles have a variety of competitive titles such as Call of Duty, Star Wars
Battlefront II, and Battlefield that have a considerable fan base. For example, Call of
Duty sold over 250M game copies, which equates to roughly $15Bn.
Mobile gaming has gone from the smallest segment in 2012 to the largest gaming
market in the world. Clash of Clans has over 100M daily active users who enjoy
playing on the go. Vainglory is one more competitive mobile video game that left
its Beta in 2015 with over 1.5M active users. And the majority of players in both
games are teens and young adults. The company behind Clash of Clans, Supercell,
generated $2.3 billion in revenue and profited $964 million last year. Just think about
it, the $5.5 billion-dollar gaming company is worth more than LinkedIn, AirBnB, and

5

Twitter combined. This market has an enormous casual base to date has mainly been
underserved from a community perspective.
We should also consider the potential of the VR & AR gaming market, which is
rapidly developing and is expected to reach its full potential in 4-5 years. In 2014,
The VR/AR market was only worth $100M, and in 2017 it had already surpassed $1Bn.
That’s a ten-fold growth in just three years with the potential to hit $20Bn revenue
in 2020, provided that a few “killer apps” are created. Esports fans are a significant
buying force of VR/AR hardware and games. Actually, according to Newzoo research,
52% of esports enthusiasts are planning to buy something connected to VR in the
next six months. And 63% of all VR buyers are, at least, casual esports viewers. The
number of people aged 16-35 who play esports is pretty much equal to those who
play traditional sports like ice hockey and baseball.

The younger population is keen to embrace the digital age, and VR/AR
technological advances only support the growing trend. It may soon be like in the
movie Tron: Legacy, where the full physical and intellectual capacities become
combined and lead to a new world with virtual stadiums and augmented reality for
viewers.
The dedication and number of fans striving to become amateur or pro players are
outstanding indeed. Nearly half of the 300M core players are engaged in competitive
activities such as ranked matches (matches with a unique ranking system) or some
mini/amateur tournaments. They want to know more about the reality of professional
gaming - players, teams, and tournaments.
In the top competitive titles, the numbers are even higher: according to the opensource stats site Steamspy.com, there are 100+M registered users in DOTA2 with

6

~13M unique active monthly players with over 40% of them playing 40+ hours a
month. The same with Counter-Strike: Global Offensive – 35% of its ~9M unique
monthly players, play 40+ hours a month. This is a pressing issue for amateur players
that has yet to be resolved, as 4 out of 5 League of Legends players, for example,
want to compete professionally, yet have no clear way of doing so.

Esports market revenue and audience
Esports is the realm of competitive gaming, meaning that people are making a
living competing in video games. It is one of the highest potential markets on the
planet within the hardest to reach the audience aged 16-36.
The current esports market has a revenue of $1Bn with an active audience of
nearly 440M, making it an average revenue of $2.3 per user, who are willing not only
to watch but to actively participate and make a living with esports. Furthermore, the
compound annual growth rate is a staggering 26,7%. At the same time, this market is
limited to the top 1000 players and about 100 teams, who together hold the biggest
share of money in esports, namely, the $708M sponsorships and media rights sales
pie, $189M in advertising revenue, $103M in merchandise and tickets and $95M ingame publishers fees.
These figures, as well as the rise in celebrity esport personalities, have driven the
casual spectator market into millions of streams per event. The League of Legend
finals regularly attracts a more massive viewership than the Super Bowl. Like any
traditional sport, this growing audience wants to participate as well as watch.
The esports market revenue was $0.7Bn in 2017, $900M in 2018, and is projected to
grow to $2.2Bn in 2021 with an 11% CAGR. The esports audience is also growing fast
with a 324M audience in 2016, 380M in 2018, and could reach 557M in 2021 with a 33%
CAGR.

From the historical perspective, modern esports first emerged in 1997 and
remained in the so-called “Dark Ages” up until 2003. At that time, it was an
underground movement with prize pools usually amounting to a case of beer. The
total revenue of esports at that time was just around $5M.

7

In the years 2004-2010, what one might call the “Renaissance” of esports
happened. That’s when esports became a widespread movement, alas an
unstructured one, with the entire market worth around $50M.
In 2011-2016 esports rose to fame and became a Global Phenomenon with $500M
in revenue. At that time, esports began to seriously challenge and, at times, even
exceed traditional sports in terms of popularity. Prize pools were reaching $20M in
some instances.
We are now on the verge of a breakthrough as traditional sports have reached
their peak all the while more and more young adults and teens are actively pursuing
competitive gaming as their key pastime. Many believe that esports titles will soon be
officially included as part of the Olympics, with their overall revenue exceeding $5Bn.
And the esports Olympic dream is growing ever closer. In February 2018, Intel
brought amazing gaming experiences to PyeongChang ahead of the Olympic Winter
Games 2018 - the Intel Extreme Masters (IEM) Season XII. The event hosted the
esports tournament in “StarCraft® II,” which was open to any player, at any level via
global online qualifiers. It is noteworthy that the event was held with the support of
the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
The future looks positive as the Olympic Channel has started engaging with the
young audience through esports. With a budget of $450 million, it was created by the
International Olympic Committee to ensure the year-round interest in the Olympic
movement and attract younger viewership. According to the channel’s Executive
Director, Yiannis Exarchos, the rise in popularity of competitive gaming cannot be
ignored. And talks about allowing esports to be a part of the Olympics are ensuing.

Comparison of esports market with sports market
In terms of the players, teams, tournaments, and gaming structures, esports is very
similar to traditional sports.
But why invest in esports over the traditional sports market?

8

Current landscape

While the traditional sports market is by far one of the largest markets with a 2.8Bn
audience and $150Bn in revenue, it’s very slow growth seems to have hit a ceiling. The
sports market is highly regulated, and its growth rate is not like it used to be 10-20
years ago, as we are immersing further and further into the virtual gaming world. And
esports has all the prerequisites to become the biggest sport on the planet.

Esports is the #1 sport of the future?
The pressing question is, how many youngsters actually play traditional sports such
as football, tennis, or hockey on a regular basis? Some of them probably do. If you ask
around, you will be amazed by the fact that 8 out of 10 youngsters actively play video
games. Of those, 7 out of 8 are playing competitive titles, creating a massive audience

9

eager to find a way to begin the road to professional esports glory and monetize their
play.
This growing trend is going to turn esports into the most popular sport on our
planet. We already have over 1,7Bn people that play online competitive video games
on PC, Mobile, VR, and Consoles. And being successful in competitive gaming is all
the rage: getting a seat as a team at a large stadium and winning a tournament is
what players long for most. Indeed, esports is so popular that in the years 2018-2019,
a total of 84M people watched esports tournaments. In comparison, the 2019 NBA
Finals only had a viewership of around 63M.

On top of that, esports has several unique opportunities that everyone is trying
to exploit, like creating a brand new league, which is virtually impossible to do these
days in the highly regulated traditional sports industry. Developers, for instance, are
rushing to create closed championships and leagues, like the NHL & NBA. Riot Games,
the owner of League of Legends, has created a closed ecosystem that mimics
such traditional sports leagues: there are six regional leagues (Korea, China, EU, NA,
Taiwan/Hong Kong/Macao, SEA), and the top-2 placing teams in each region get a
spot in the World Championship, which is very similar to the Championship League
in football. Esports events in 2019 awarded over $211 million in prize pool money,
according to Esports Earnings. This is a big jump from last year, where esports teams
and players earned a total of $162.7 million
The buy-in price to join the League of Legends league in North America is $10-13
million per team, depending on the team’s track record. And the process is highly
selective: from around 100 applications willing to shell out millions. The league owner
- Riot Games, created a very narrowed down shortlist. For example, in 2017, they
decided that the league would not expand and instead remain at just ten teams.
VALVE, owner of CS:GO and Dota 2, in turn, chose to create an open ecosystem,
where any team can take part in open tournaments with the top teams progressing
to the closed regional qualifiers. In Dota 2, for example, winners of those qualifiers

10

can partake in over 10 Minors with a $300K prize pool and later in 10 Majors with a
$1M prize pool in each tournament. Based on the results of each tournament, teams
get qualification points, and a shortlist is created for the main event with as much as
$24M in prizes up for grabs. As for CS:GO, there are 8 Minors and 2 Majors, as well
as over 20 smaller tournaments worldwide. Apart from the official VALVE sponsored
tournaments, esports players, can partake in thousands of tournaments that do not
offer qualification points or serious prize money.
As the CS:GO tournaments are becoming more popular, ELEAGUE was created and
officially launched in 2016, which is now the premium esports tournament and content
brand formed in partnership between Turner and IMG. A leader in the delivery of
live event experiences, ELEAGUE content, is regularly showcased on TBS and widely
distributed across digital platforms, including Twitch, YouTube, and ELEAGUE.com.
Over its first two years, ELEAGUE has produced and staged three season-long
competitions featuring Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, along with the first-ever
Overwatch® Open.
Another notable mention goes to the Overwatch League, created by Blizzard. It is
divided into two regions: Pacific and Atlantic. In each region, there are six participating
teams that represent cities: Seoul, London, Shanghai, etc. The league is franchised,
and the price for a spot varies from 5 to 20 million US dollars. In 2017, within the
framework of the Overwatch League, a prize fund of $3.5M will be drawn, and the
season will be divided into several stages. Subsequently, all teams of the Overwatch
League will acquire their own arenas in their hometowns, where they will conduct
“home” matches. Contrary to the above-mentioned video games, Blizzard created
the Overwatch Open League - an open division, in which players with a high player
rating can participate.
It’s also worth noting that the Olympic Council of Asia will be adding esports events

11

to the 2018 and 2022 Asian Games in Jakarta, Indonesia, and Hangzhou, China. No
wonder that substantial investments are pouring into esports. For example, Tencent,
the world’s largest game developer and the owner of Riot Games and SuperCell, has
revealed its five-year investment plan into esports - $14.6Bn to create and complete
within new leagues, tournaments, and associations. Additional financing for esports
of nearly $1Bn came from the hands of Amazon, which acquired Twitch, a live video
game streaming site. Twitch is a significant force on the web as it accounts for nearly
2% of all traffic in the U.S. with over 15 billion minutes of content, with users spending
on average an unparalleled 100 minutes a day on the site. In turn, ESPN, which had
previously covered esports via live streaming, television, and print coverage, launched
a new online resource with in-depth news and research dedicated to the world of
competitive gaming. Such games as League of Legends, Dota 2, and Counter-Strike:
Global Offensive will be covered on par with traditional sports mastodons like the
NFL, NBA, and MLB. And that’s yet another step towards the mainstream acceptance
of professional video gaming.
Clubs like Paris Saint-Germain, Philadelphia 76ers, Miami Heat, Schalke 04, Spartak,
Roma, Valencia, and Manchester City have already joined esports. One of the
most prominent esports deals by a traditional sports team is the Dallas Cowboys
acquisition of Complexity Gaming. The Dallas Cowboys are worth $4.2 billion, which
makes them the world’s most valuable sports franchise. The purchase of Complexity
that fields teams in 26 different competitive esports and have won 130 titles since its
founding in 2003 is another step to create a universal competitive brand spanning
across industries. Another team is the New York Yankees, the second-highest valued
sports franchise in the world and not too far behind with an investment in Vision
Esports.
The opportunities are endless: esports will have over 1Bn enthusiasts and viewers
by 2023, which is nearly ⅓ of all gamers. But even now, esports enthusiasts constitute
a significant gaming force with above-average household incomes. And yet, despite
all of these facts, its market pool is still extremely low - esports ARPU is just $3.5
compared to $54 ARPU of traditional sports. We believe largely due to the lack
of infrastructure for the casual esports audience. Many other issues need to be
addressed in the esports industry to make it truly competitive with traditional sports.
So let’s have a look at the key esports problems and the solutions DreamTeam offers
to overcome them and make esports a globally attractive venture with limitless
monetization options.

12

Problem & Solution
The esports industry is constantly growing but has a low ARPU, especially
compared to traditional sports. It has huge potential for monetization that is presently
hampered by three key problems that are discussed below:

1. Insecurity and fraud
Problem
Not receiving compensation for your success isn’t fair by any standard. But that’s
exactly what’s happening in esports, where teams, tournaments, and sponsors are
guilty of multiple accounts of non-payments and fraud. When players risk their hard
work for nothing in return, esports as a business suffers. Sponsors are also facing the
same issues as they lose money when a team does not deliver. Even a signed contract
does not guarantee that a team won’t collapse, drop its best players and squander
media coverage. This has so far amounted to millions of dollars in losses to sponsors
and advertisers. And this is happening all over Europe, Asia, and the US.

Solution
DreamTeam addresses this problem by providing a fast and secure payment
system, just like PayPal. And with the esports industry being digital, it is a perfect
place to apply the blockchain and smart contracts technology. This way we can
ensure the payout of all prize-money, players’ salaries and transfers, sponsorship and
advertising deals. For example, a sponsor signing a deal with a team sets specific KPIs
in a smart contract, such as the number of attended tournaments with the company’s
logo, mentions in the team’s social media channels, etc. All of these parameters were
impossible to automatically record and check before. But with DreamTeam, you will
be able to easily track players’ and teams’ performance through APIs, monitor when,
with whom, and with what kind of branding they completed, as well as the popularity
of the team. In a smart contract, we can put down all the requirements and guarantee
that teams, players, and sponsors are satisfied with the outcome. Furthermore, the
money is only released when all of the requirements set in the smart contract are
met.
The same is true for tournaments, where teams sign a smart contract with
tournaments’ organizers. DreamTeam can track match IDs and provide prize money
payouts immediately after the tournament ends. We will also offer advanced threefactor authentication to ensure zero fraud by double-checking stats of top esports
sites such as Hltv.org to verify our data. DreamTeam also uses the Oracle network to
secure smart contracts and guarantee the fairness of results.

13

Market Fragmentation
Problem
All of the esports market participants have no single go-to marketplace to make
advertising or sponsorship deals, transfer players, or search for tournaments. And
everything has to be done manually; an all-in-one database is absent. For example,
gamers are faced with many challenges when creating an esports club or team:
people recruitment, creating a bank account, doing all the legal paperwork, and
dealing with a variety of third-party services. Millions of gamers want to spend money
to develop their teams, hire coaches, psychologists, and other supporting personnel,
but don’t want to do it all manually. Therefore, there are only around 100 pro teams
globally that have gone all the way and can earn top dollar in esports.
And this leads to lots of time and effort spent on development. This, in turn, causes
a significant decrease in market growth.

Solution
DreamTeam is connecting all of the market players under one roof and acting as
an entry-point for esports and competitive gaming: from professionals (players,
coaches, analysts managers, etc.) to teams, tournaments, and businesses (sponsors,
platforms, and advertisers). For teams, we are offering recruitment functionality, with
options to search and analyze players, their ranking, game stats, and tournaments
played. We are also providing management tools – practice games, tournaments, and
performance tracking, as well as for analytics tools to develop teams.

Limited Universe and Possibilities
Problem
Very limited market universe to enter, as the stakes are too high for 1OOk+ small
and medium-sized advertisers and sponsors that are willing to promote their brands
and products. Millions of gamers and teams don’t have a clear cut-point due to
the absence of business tools for team management, recruitment, analytics, sales,
marketing, etc. There is no database and no uniform system to connect sponsors and
advertisers with the esports teams.

Solution
DreamTeam provides every possible tool for esports mass adoption and unlocks a
$50Bn market for hundreds of millions of gamers and thousands of advertisers and
sponsors.

14

Product & Strategy
DreamTeam is the first infrastructure platform for gaming and esports that solves
problems for hundreds of millions of gamers who want to find teammates, improve
skills, manage clans, or earn money and rewards through skill validation.

Development strategy
By 2023, DreamTeam will be used by 80% of the esports and gaming industry,
will have created 12M+ teams, and with the help of blockchain and smart contracts
technologies will act as a secure 3rd party for all financial operations on the gaming
and esports market.

DreamTeam is the platform for gamers who want to:
Find - the easiest way to source players, friends, teams, clans, and tournaments
Manage - the ultimate tool for clan management, roster management, and
scheduling
Challenge - participate in DreamTeam challenges or challenge other players,
influencers, and your friends
Socialize - get the content that you really need and share what you want
DreamTeam provides a rich gamer experience in certain games via building lots of
modules such as:

15

Unified Profile — home to a player’s inner gamer, the place to connect games and
social platforms (Twitter, Discord, YouTube, Mixer, Twitch), and show off your gaming
reputation.
Game Stats — allows users to track their progress over time.
Player and Clan Recruitment - Allows teams to find and recruit players and
players to find and apply to teams
Clan Management Tools - Clans can recruit new members, show off members’
results in challenges, post PR info in the media section, create and share content
with their members, manage the clan calendar by adding reminders for practice,
tournaments, and events, etc.
Player and Clan Challenges — daily challenges allow users to compete against the
community to win cash prizes and profile badges
Skill Validation — a single place for gamers to find all of the needed info: skills,
reviews, ratings, achievements, etc. Imagine going to IMDB to read about a movie and
then having to use additional websites to see reviews, rate the movie, and view cast
info. DreamTeam puts all of the gamer’s info on one platform.
Toxicity Control — reputation rating and gamer reviews

Smart Contracts
The collision of blockchain technology and gaming holds great promise for the
growth of these industries. Blockchains provide a useful tool for gamers for various
reasons, including decentralized asset exchanges, verifiable scarcity of virtual objects
and collectibles, fast and secure payment networks, and an ability for developers to
properly monetize their creations.
DreamTeam Token is the only intra-platform DreamTeam currency. Every
transaction on the platform will require the use of DreamTeam Tokens. Token
application is fully supported by the blockchain technology and can be used for:
Player to Team/Coach/Manager Compensation
Player Transfers
Sponsorship and Media Rights Sales
Advertisement Sales
Prize Money Payouts
Team Merchandise Sales
Team Blockchain Memorabilia

16

Team pays bonuses/salary to player

Tournament pays prize money

Based on performance

Based on Team placing

Team
Sets monthly
media & marketing
KPI for the Team

Sets monthly
performance
KPI for the Team

Manager
Sets monthly
media & marketing
KPI for the Player
KPI auto-check
after time period

Tournament

Coach

Receives prize
money based
on winning place

Participates
in tournament

DreamTeam
fee received

Team

Sets monthly
performance
KPI for the Player

Player

Prize money
automaticaly
distributed amoug
all players

Receives bonus/salary
based on KPI results

Player

Smart contract services examples based on the DREAM token
DreamTeam uses a simple fee-based economy when it comes to smart contracts.
Every time a user makes a transaction, a fee applies. This fee can be paid either in
DREAM tokens or fiat currency (for fiat-backed smart contracts). DreamTeam spends
15% of the collected fees on buying DREAM tokens from exchanges, these tokens are
locked in DreamTeam reserves for future partnership development.
An example of the smart contract can be a team-player compensation smart
contract, which regulates a financial agreement between team and player.
DreamTeam has already tested and validated this approach within the Trickle
decentralized agreements service, which allows for the creation of hourly-based
agreements in any Ethereum-based tokens (including stablecoins). DreamTeam will
either use a stable asset (stablecoin) or DREAM Token to establish a smart-contract
based agreement between two parties, helping them to transact in Ethereum
network using the DREAM’s token delegated transaction feature. Users will either be
able to pay fees for their transactions in DREAM or in a stable asset they are using for
the smart contract transaction.
DreamTeam also utilizes service smart contracts, like already-implemented
recurring billing smart contracts. This contract is also an excellent example of how
DreamTeam users interact with the DREAM Token. Once the recurring billing is
enabled by a DREAM Token holder, DreamTeam starts to charge the user once per the
agreed-upon period. The interaction between the user and DreamTeam is regulated
by the smart contract, allowing both to ensure that the payments are made precisely
as agreed upon.

17

Allow charges
(enable recurring billing)

Recurring billing
smart contract

Charge

Recurring billing service contract which controls how users are charged on a
recurring basis
To make the usage of DREAM Tokens less complicated for users, DreamTeam
implemented support of delegated transactions in DREAM Token, which eliminates
the need to pay fees at all, or at least to pay fees in Ether (which is standard for all
other ERC20 tokens). Thus, our users can transfer tokens by paying fees in DREAM
Tokens, or not paying fees at all in the case the price already includes the transaction
fee.
Eliminating the fee in Ether will drastically simplify the crypto onboarding process
for new users, allowing better crypto adoption to take place exclusively for the
DREAM Token.

100%

Create
Blockchain
Wallet

20%

Get some
Ether on
Exchange

100%

Create
Blockchain
Wallet

20%

0.001%

Service use

Service use

User onboarding funnel with and without delegated transactions
(According to DreamTeam’s estimation)

Traction
DreamTeam launched its Beta version of the platform in late October 2017, and by
the end of 2019 we already had 2M users, and by the end of 2020 we expect at least
4M user registrations spread out across CS:GO, LoL, Apex Legends, Fortnite, CoD
and other titles supported by our platform. The vast majority of users come from the
US, Europe, and CIS regions. By the end of 2020 - 80% of the platform features will
be developed.
Regarding the DreamTeam ICO, Phase #1 reached its hard cap of $6M in December
2017. And Phase #2 has been completed in May 2018, with $4M raised.

18

DreamTeam Token
DreamTeam Token (DREAM) is a cryptocurrency issued by DreamTeam, a utility
ERC20-compatible token which is primarily used to drive all DreamTeam services and
create a decentralized economy for the entire esports and gaming industries. The
DreamTeam Token is a highly-secure asset, resistant to any known attacks, featuring the
following:
1. DreamTeam Token, among other ERC20 tokens, supports delegated transactions,
which means that token holders can transfer tokens securely without fees in Ether
(Ethereum platform currency), which in turn drastically simplifies its usability.
2. The DreamTeam Token smart contract, an underlying program that defines how
DREAM Tokens are transferred, has been thoroughly audited by Coinfabrik. The audit
confirmed that the DreamTeam Token contains no security issues.
All DREAM Tokens have been fairly distributed between DreamTeam contributors,
advisors, and DreamTeam itself. The number of DREAM Tokens issued is fixed. No
more tokens can be ever issued, which is guaranteed by the DreamTeam Token smart
contract. DreamTeam tokens are involved both directly or indirectly in every transaction
settled on the DreamTeam platform.
The vast majority of DreamTeam users use mobile devices, as well as console
platforms like Xbox and Playstation, DreamTeam is developing a mobile app that must be
compliant with the App Store and Google Play policies.
Most of the games have at least 2–3 different intra-platform currencies, and its value
can be counted in millions of coins, which users can have on their balance and spend on
various items. Most of such transactions don’t cost much if compared to real money. The
cost of our services varies in the range of $1 — $10. Our audience, gamers, are already
accustomed to microtransactions, so the learning curve will be minimal. To support
this trend, avoid fractions, and smoothen the transaction experience on the platform,
DreamTeam users balance will be shown in DREAMZ (the equivalent of the DreamTeam
Token, where 1 DREAM = 1000 DREAMZ). DreamTeam Token remains the only intraplatform currency required in all platform transactions.

DreamTeam Token Adoption
DreamTeam has already adopted blockchain technology, which allowed its users to
get a massive discount on DreamTeam services. However, there were multiple barriers
that prevented this approach from being successful. Users were very much curious
about what the DreamTeam Token is, however, it turned out to be too complicated for
them to perform all the steps to purchase tokens, including purchasing an additional
currency (Ether) to be able to transfer their tokens.

19

Obviously, by only using crypto payments on the DreamTeam platform, users didn’t
have access to the easiest and most convenient payment methods for the following
reasons:
• Cryptocurrency is a young and not widely understood payment option yet
• Payments in tokens for users new to cryptocurrency require taking additional
complicated steps: signing up on an exchange, opening a wallet, etc.
• Wallet maintenance difficulties: securely storing the wallet, keeping the passphrase
safe, etc.
Almost all other blockchain-based startups launching their own token economies
struggle with these problems, which create obstacles both in bringing new users to their
solutions, as well as growing naturally as a business. DreamTeam faced the same issues
and, in contrast to other economies, implemented the following solutions:
• Backend token purchases, which effectively purchase DREAM Tokens for the user
using a fixed DreamTeam rate when the user makes a payment.
• Delegated token transactions, which allow users to avoid paying complex fees for
real blockchain token transfers and smart contract calls.

Token Economy 2020
This section provides an overview of the token economy planned for launch early in
2020 within the updated DreamTeam platform. All components listed below create a
concise economic model for the DreamTeam Token, which is balanced by DreamTeam
according to the usage of these components.

DreamTeam Wallet and Shop
The DreamTeam platform employs DreamTeam Token as the main currency, which is
used for purchases in the DreamTeam shop. Users can buy, earn, hold, and spend this
currency to get different benefits. DreamTeam Tokens are held in a user’s DreamTeam
Wallet on the DreamTeam Platform — a user’s balance. Most of the token transactions
are initially expected to happen on the DreamTeam platform in the form of earnings for
activities and payments for DreamTeam services and premium subscription purchases.
The DreamTeam Shop is a part of the DreamTeam platform where users can spend
their DREAM Tokens. The shop content includes, but is not limited to:
• DreamTeam one-time services, which are not available in the premium package
• Services which are a part of the DreamTeam premium package
• Real-world items, gift cards
• Vouchers for participating in giveaways
• Third-party services and items

20

Users can either earn DREAM Tokens or purchase them with USD using the
DreamTeam’s fixed exchange rate. Users will have multiple token packages to choose
from. The more they purchase, the better the price.

Gets
Deposit USD

Spends
Complete task

Direct Tokens
purchase
(Deposit)

DreamTeam
Shop (gift cards,
skins, etc)

Proﬁle and
post vanities

Referral
Program (invite
more users)

Token rewards
for platform
activities

DreamTeam
services

Premium
1/3/12 month

Premium
features

One-time
premium
search

Holds
Participation
in Giveways

To participate
in higher rank
Challenges

To get perks

Boosters
1/12/24 hour

Change
nickname

How the user earns, spends and holds DREAM Token

DreamTeam Platform Fixed Exchange Rate
All over the world, users get used to fixed and stable prices for items and services
inside games, platforms, etc. To support this trend, DreamTeam introduces the fixed
exchange rate inside the platform for all products and services in the amount of 1DREAM
= $1.
Meanwhile, the DreamTeam platform accepts payments in both DREAM Tokens and
fiat currencies. Fiat purchases will always be converted to DREAM Tokens behind the
scenes to achieve a smoother user experience by avoiding the need for users to go and
buy tokens on third-party exchanges directly.
These processes are visualized in the diagrams below.

3 party
Exchange
rd

User buys and holds DreamTeam Token for further usage
As users buy DreamTeam Tokens at a fixed exchange rate, DreamTeam will buy the
equivalent of Tokens, which user needs for the current price on an exchange. If the price
on an exchange is lower than the DreamTeam platform fixed exchange rate, DreamTeam
will spend less money than received from the user. If the price on exchange is higher
than the DreamTeam platform fixed exchange rate, DreamTeam will spend more money
than received from the user.

21

Each time the price on a third party exchange becomes 500% higher than the fixed
DreamTeam platform rate, DreamTeam will double the Token price on the platform:
1DREAM = $2.

User buys 5 DREAM
for ﬁxed exchange
rate 1 DREAM = $1

User buys 5 DREAM
for ﬁxed exchange
rate 1 DREAM = $1

5

1

5

5

5

10

5

5

3rd party
Exchange

Current DREAM
price 1 DREAM = 20¢,
meaning that
5 DREAM = $1

3 party
Exchange

Current DREAM
price 1 DREAM = $2,
meaning that
5 DREAM = $10

rd

User buys and holds 5 DREAM Tokens in equivalent of $5

Token Usage in Transactions for OTS/Premium
Each time a user makes a purchase on the platform, DreamTeam purchases the
equivalent number of tokens from third-party exchanges. After DreamTeam purchases
the required number of tokens, the tokens are automatically transferred to the user’s
balance.
Users are expected to engage with the DreamTeam platform utilizing the social
paradigm and naturally need DREAM Tokens for specific actions like promoting their
posts, participating in more challenges, purchasing profile vanities, etc. They get DREAM
Tokens either by purchasing them or by completing tasks, which are both a part of
DreamTeam’s gamification. These tasks often include the use of DreamTeam services,
which have been specifically developed to create a concrete path from beginner to
novice to pro.
Premium subscriptions give players more comprehensive search tools, access to
many exclusive features, and much more. The subscription-based model is combined
with the platform token economy, allowing both token holders and premium subscribers
to receive the maximum benefit out of the DreamTeam platform.
DreamTeam breaks down each token received in the following way:
• 15% of the tokens are locked for 5 years in DreamTeam reserves for future
Partnership Development.
• 85% of the tokens are sold back on exchanges
The token distribution percentages may change slightly according to market
conditions and the demand for DreamTeam services.
These processes are visualized in the diagram below.

22

10
User uses received
Tokens to buy Premium

10

8.5

DreamTeam breaks
down received Tokens

85% are sold back
on Exchange

3rd party
Exchange

1.5
15% are locked
in the reserve

How DreamTeam uses received Tokens

How DreamTeam locks, buys, sells and stores Tokens
The following flow applies to each transaction happened on DreamTeam
platform:
• Convert 100% of fiat purchases on the platform (Prime and Premium subscriptions)
to DREAM using the fixed 1:1 rate
• Notified the exchange bot to buy DREAM for transactions immediately
• Sell 85% of the tokens received from fiat exchange
• Lock the unsold 15% of the Tokens in a smart contract for five years
• In case the spread is more than 5%, we are just buying 15% of the Tokens amount
that we are going to lock
• Unlocking the Tokens is only possible after five years, and the unlock periods are
bracketed by month. E.g., all transactions during January 2020 are unlocked on
January 1, 2025
DreamTeam stores all the data about each transaction:
• When, with which exchange order ID, and for how much was the transaction
executed.
• Information about grouped transactions, which blockchain TX hash corresponds to
which fiat user transaction on the platform
• In the future, we’ll be able to display this information in the DreamTeam user’s wallets
to prove that the transaction was executed through official APIs of the exchanges
(Kuna for now)
• Also, everyone who wishes to check the executed transactions personally can verify
that the transaction took place at an exact time, download the transactions history
from the exchange using the API, or find the Execution/Transaction ID

23

The example of randomly chosen transactions executed on exchanges

DreamTeam Rewards
DreamTeam implements a rewards system as a part of our gamification. Users are
able to receive rewards for:
• Targeted actions they do on the DreamTeam platform
• Rewards for interacting with third-party services
Targeted actions on the DreamTeam platform can be anything from single-time
actions like verifying an email or inviting a friend to the platform to recurring tasks that
require users to visit and engage with the DreamTeam platform regularly.

DreamTeam
User

Be active
on the platform

24

Claim
reward

Here’s an example of the gamification flow for the user:
1. The user completes a targeted action, like their first challenge participation or their
first “Looking for Group” message posted.
2. The user receives a reward in DREAM Token for completing a particular targeted
action.
3. The user can spend the earned tokens to purchase valuable services and features or
hold them to unlock more features or participate in Challenges (read below).
Third-party rewards will allow DreamTeam to partner with other businesses while
allowing users to get a reward in DREAM Tokens. Many companies are looking to
increase their audiences, like app developers, game developers, payment gateways,
or crypto wallets. This is a standard practice which a lot of other companies adopt.
An example of a third-party reward might be a reward for the user in DREAM Tokens
after installing a third-party crypto wallet. Later, the user will receive a reward in their
DreamTeam Wallet. In return, DreamTeam receives USD to buy Tokens on an exchange
which will be used according to the model described above.

DreamTeam Challenges
The core of competitive gaming and a large part of the gaming market takes place in
competitions between players or teams in online multiplayer games. There are a couple
of options for the players to compete; some of them are only available for pro teams,
while others can be found on different gaming websites.
Speaking about professional tournaments, the blueprint has already been laid out;
you must be part of a pro team to compete. But what about entering a competition
on a gaming website? Those tournaments often have requirements for the number
of entrants needed and specific start times and dates. Moreover, to sign up for a
tournament, you need to go through a lengthy registration process: register on the
platform, fill in the profile, link a profile to the account, create a team, etc. Most of the
players don’t want to go through this process and leave the platform. The time of casual
games with fewer hardcore players who don’t want to waste their time has come, those
players want to get everything here and now.
DreamTeam is solving these problems with DreamTeam Challenges — daily
competitions with a one-time click entry. Players can join at any moment as the challenge
runs for 24 hours, allowing participants to compete when they have free time available.
Challenges give every user without a team an opportunity not only to check their skills
and earn social recognition but also earn some money.
Participation in regular Challenges doesn’t require any entrance fee. But if users want
to enter Challenges with better prizes, they need to have a certain number of tokens
on their balance to qualify and then pay the buy-in — the fee for participation. The
higher the prize and buy-in, the higher the user’s token balance has to be to qualify for
participation.
Hence, DreamTeam platform users are incentivized to buy and hold a certain number

25

of DREAM Tokens to be able to participate in challenges and earn prizes. We expect up
to 50,000 users will participate in challenges daily by the end of 2020.
Challenges work in the following manner:
• There are different Challenge ranks, and each user qualifies to participate in a
particular number of challenges depending upon the number of DREAM Tokens their
DreamTeam balance holds. Users need to hold more DREAM Tokens to be able to
participate in higher-ranked challenges.
• Holding more DreamTeam tokens opens the opportunity to participate in challenges
with greater prizes.
• To participate in a challenge, players need to have a certain number of required
tokens on their balance and pay a buy-in fee for participation, which is a percentage
of the tokens needed to qualify.
• Challenge prizes can vary - cash prizes, real-world items, gift cards, etc.

100

Buy-in

Tier1 Challenges
conditions:
- Prize $1,000
- User’s min balance
1,000 DREAM
- Buy-in 100 DREAM

User gets prize

User 1
balance:

User 1
balance:
+

1000

100
User pays to buy 100 DREAM
to participate in the next Challenge

3rd party
Exchange

Challenges participation example

26

900

Growth and Support
Building an infrastructure platform and payment gateway for esports and gaming
while providing a place to unite all Players in a complete and self-sufficient ecosystem
is the primary mission for DreamTeam. And the DREAM Token is a valuable part of that
ecosystem. With the growth of DreamTeam, the DREAM Token will receive the desired
adoption by other services. For instance, users will be able to buy in-game goods or
services for DREAM Tokens on other esports and gaming platforms.

Integration with Payment Providers and Wallets
As the DREAM Token grows and becomes a more accepted esports currency,
DreamTeam is going to partner with third-party payment providers and integrate
additional crypto wallets to make the process of purchasing in-game assets and services
easier.
DreamTeam is committed to working on partnerships with a vast array of esports and
gaming companies, which will enable esports enthusiasts to use DREAM Tokens earned
on the DreamTeam platform for things like other games, in-game assets, and anything
else related to esports and gaming.
Our team is continuing to focus on expanding the support of the DREAM Token across
multiple wallet software, enabling users to use the DREAM Token from the wallet of their
choosing. Integrations with third-party wallets can also simplify the process of buying
and exchanging DREAM Tokens.

Open Source Strategy
DreamTeam has active and transparent open-source contributions, which include
regular smart contracts updates and integrations related to the DREAM Token and
its ecosystem. One of the priorities for the open-source strategy of DreamTeam is to
provide the community with handy tools for integrating services based on the DREAM
Token with their applications.
An example of that is the innovative feature developed by DreamTeam, the smart
contract recurring billing feature, available for any Ethereum-based token. This feature
is already live and is used for DreamTeam premium subscriptions. Recurring billing
in DREAM Token is one of the most secure ways of establishing recurring payments
between customers and merchants, as the monetary relations between parties are
regulated by a smart contract. This means that the merchant cannot overcharge the
customer, nor can the customer miss a payment. Furthermore, no third parties are
involved in the value exchange. This will help revolutionize recurring payments not only
for esports and gaming but for any subscription-based service.
Another useful feature that makes the DREAM Token stand out is delegated token
transfers. This feature allows users to transfer DREAM Tokens without needing to buy

27

Ether, something that 99.9% of other tokens require. The secure delegated transfer
feature of the DREAM Token drastically simplifies the user experience while allowing
the building of truly decentralized applications. This feature went live and is currently
available for the public. DreamTeam also open-sourced tools that enable other
developers to use delegated transactions in their decentralized applications.
Developed smart contract services by DreamTeam include but are not limited to:
• Recurring billing in DREAM Token integrated with DreamTeam platform
• DREAM Token transfer service which charges fees in tokens instead of fees in Ether
as a dedicated embeddable service
• Hourly-rate-based smart agreements between any two parties as a dedicated
service
Planned developments related to smart contract services:
• Integration of the dedicated services mentioned above with DreamTeam platform
and token economy
• Smart contracts for prize money and payouts
• Any other smart contracts supporting the token economy

28

Technological Stack
DreamTeam Web Platform: is designed to be a SPA (Single Page Application) that’s
highly scalable to handle a load of millions of users with the following technology
stack:
Front-End:
Javascript (Vue.js), HTML5, CSS3 and Nodejs. Vue.js was chosen for being a
lightweight and flexible Javascript framework that allows for the creation of reusable
components.
APIs:
Restful APIs are created to work with the front end. We have created APIs as
microservices to handle a variety of tasks, including Achievement, Authentication that
does not currently use oAuth2. However, we will add oAuth2 as we open our services
to external users as well. Currently, we are continuing to add new Services such as
Steam Updater, LOL Updater, Notification, and Blockchain Services. We will also be
adding further Services for CS:GO, League of Legends, and Search utilizing Amazon
Elastic Search in the near future.
As a part of our deployments, we will only extend microservices to the pre-set
target regions instead of deploying all of the services in all regions. This reduces
some of the complexities on the DevOps side and lets the DreamTeam be more time
effective.
Back-End:
PHP7 with Symfony 4. Symfony is one of the best PHP frameworks that is
enterprise-ready.
Database:
PostgreSQL 9.5. PostgreSQL is an enterprise-grade, highly scalable, optimized
database that creates well-running query plans, making it very responsive. We also
use NOSQL Databases such as MongoDB in different parts of the system, where
it makes sense for us to use it instead of relying on a relational database for every
functionality.
All of the technological stacks run on AWS Infrastructure with Docker containers,
Kubernetes orchestration, and a CI/CD (Continuous Integration/Continuous
deployment) infrastructure is in place. We have done performance testing using
the Gatling tool, and we are continually optimizing our code, our queries, and our
infrastructure to handle the expected loads of the systems for years to come.

29

Competitor Analysis
DreamTeam strongly believes that an all-in-one platform with a comprehensive
list of features which allow casual players to not only find one another but create
meaningful interactions while defining who they are as a gamer is needed for the
market to reach its potential. We are faced with a multi-million gamer audience that
has little more than streaming parties to interact with their favorite sport. No simple
and effective solution can solve their problems when creating a team and gathering
players of similar skill levels. And the solutions that are present are for pro and semiprofessional gamers.
DreamTeam functions the same way as the leading companies that unite their
respective ecosystems around them, LinkedIn and IMDB being great examples. We
do not develop games on our own but serve to gather the entirety of esports in one
place and make it accessible, unlike any other esports platform out there. We are
creating an easy to use environment where gamers can search for and find friends,
create clans, track their progress, access a real-time feed, validate their progress
through challenges, and create a singular place for their identity as a gamer.
It is virtually impossible to compare DreamTeam in standard terms to any other
platform as currently, nothing comes close in terms of offering all of the above
features to esports fans. Nevertheless, we have conducted a thorough analysis of
possible DreamTeam competitors both from crypto and esports markets.

30

Token Sale
Every transaction on the DreamTeam platform will require the use of DreamTeam
Tokens. The token application is fully supported by the blockchain technology and can
be used for payment of all smart contract obligations as well as paid platform features
and other features. Their issuance is limited to the DreamTeam Token Sale Phase #1
and #2, with no more Tokens ever being issued. The only way to acquire the tokens at
this time is to do so during the sales within a limited timeframe.

Additional Token Sale information:
• Tokens can be used within the DreamTeam platform, by third-party services and
platforms at their own risk and lawful discretion.
• For token sales, DreamTeam token uses Ethereum ERC20 token standard. In 2018 all
tokens might be exchanged at a 1:1 ratio for a more convenient platform - Eos/ Tezos/
Waves or our own platform.
• Token issue – within 30 days after the end of the Phase#2 Token Sale with their 37
subsequent placement in users’ wallets within the platform.
• Date when DreamTeam Token gets listed on crypto-trading platforms - up to 45 days
after Token Sale Phase #2 completion.
• Standard KYC and AML rules will apply. DreamTeam Token issuance is limited to the
DreamTeam Token Sale Phase #1 and Token Sale Phase #2.
• DreamTeam will issue the number of tokens corresponding to the amount invested.
No more DreamTeam Tokens will be issued thereafter

31

Use of Funds, Token Distribution
The DreamTeam Crew guarantees a transparent and clear-cut use of raised funds
that will go towards Product Development (44%), Operations (17%), and Marketing
efforts (39%). The same is true for the DreamTeam Tokens distribution that is divided
into the Token Sale (60%), Bonuses for Teams and Tournament Organizers (15%),
Team and Early Investors (10%), DreamTeam Reserve (10%), and Advisory Board and
Partners Compensation (5%).

32

Team
Our DreamTeam Crew is made up of top esports professionals and developers with
extensive experience. The team is constantly growing and evolving to ensure that it
can meet the expectations of the esports community and create a unique all-in-one
platform for competitive players all over the world. Below you can find an overview of
the DreamTeam leadership.

Alexander Kokhanovskyy
CEO & Co-Founder
20 years of experience in the esports industry; created one of the most
successful and popular teams in the history of esports – Natus Vincere
(Na`Vi); in 2016 became a shareholder of ESForce, the 3rd biggest esports
entity, acquired by Mail.Ru for $100M

Volodymyr Panchenko
Co-Founder
World’s #1 private merchant of digital goods (15M games sold over the past
5 years); built the 2nd largest virtual items trading marketplace – skins.cash
(10M items sold in the past year); founder of DMarket (raised $19M in ICO)

Alex Tarrand
CPO
Mobile technology growth, marketing, and product leader with
monetization/advertising background; MBA from Pepperdine; Worked
as Mobile Project Lead for the National Football League (NFL); Sr. Project
Manager for Disney; Sr. Project Manager for Microsoft

33

Advisory Board
As of Q1 2020, DreamTeam has an extensive Advisory Board composed of leading
experts in esports and relating industries.

Sundance DiGiovanni

Ralf Reichert

Former CEO & Co Founder of MLG
VP Content and Media of Blizzard

CEO of ESL

Emmanuel Aidoo

Salim Mitha

Director of Blockchain
and Cryptocurrency strategy

Partner at Evolution Media

David Waroquier

Kim Rom

Partner at Mangrove Capital

Chief Gaming Officer of Kinguin

34

Patrik Sattermon

Alexey Kuznetsov

Chief Gaming Officer of Fnatic

Esports industry leader

Kenneth Hsia

Juwan Lee

Co-Founder of Badwater Capital

CEO of NexChange

Moe Levin

Elie Galam

CEO of Keynote

Chief Investment Officer at Eastmore Group

Denis Dovgopoliy
Founder of GrowthUP Group

35

Lead Investor
In April 2018, Mangrove Capital Partners became the lead investor of DreamTeam.
This is a key investment into esports for Mangrove. For the European fund, this is a big
step into the future. Yet this is a huge responsibility for DreamTeam. Mangrove, being
one of the largest venture capital companies in Europe, is making its first investment
both in equity and in tokens (a hybrid deal).

Mangrove Capital Partners
Venture capital and private equity firm focused on early and expansion
stage investment rounds, mid ventures, startups, growth capital
investments, buyouts, and emerging growth. Its portfolio companies
include: Skype, Wix, Walkme, Freedompop, Lesara, and many others

36

Partners
In the last months, we’ve announced several large and well-known partners that, in
their essence, are the world’s most significant esports entities.

ESL
The world #1 esports company and the biggest tournament
organizer

Natus Vincere (NaVi)
One of the most popular and one of the most successful
esports teams on the planet

Starladder
One of the biggest tournament organizer, platform for
amateur and semi-professional gamers

Valve
American video game developer, publisher and digital
distribution company

Fnatic
One of the world’s best competitive video gaming teams
and a global leader in multiple games

37

Xsolla
Global distributor and publisher of video games, providing
its clients – game developers and publishers – with
advanced technical tools to optimize user acquisition and
monetization efforts

Overwolf
We are a driven team of geeks, gamers and techies,
working together to make the games we love even better

Faceit
The ultimate way for esports gamers to compete in
tournaments, championships, and leagues

Dmarket
World’s first cross-game platform based on blockchain and
smart contracts that enables one-click sale, exchange, or
evaluation of every virtual item among all games on any
platform

38

Contacts
Check out the DreamTeam platform:
DreamTeam.gg

Learn more about the DreamTeam Token:
Token.DreamTeam.gg

Contact us if you have any questions:
Support@DreamTeam.gg

39

Sources
• Newzoo Global Games Market Report 2017
• Newzoo Global Esports Market Report 2017/2018
• Newzoo research dashboard
• SuperData 2017 Esports Market Brief
• Mindshare North America Esports research
• Open sources, such as: businesswire.com, tweaktown.com, gamesindustry.biz,
technobuffalo.com, mojang.com etc.
• http://www.forbes.ru/tehnologii/357765-bolshaya-igra-kak-zarabatyvayut-nakibersporte
• https://gadgets.ndtv.com/games/news/clash-of-clans-maker-supercell-claims100-million-daily-active-users-812148
• https://venturebeat.com/2017/02/15/clash-royale-clash-of-clans-push-supercellto-2-3-billion-in-2016-revenue/
• SuperData Deliverable VR Industry Report April 2016
• eMarketer Immersive Media Update Fall 2016: Key Virtual and Augmented Reality
Trends
• ResearchNow “Esports gaming study”
• DreamTeam data
• https://www.statista.com/statistics/370560/worldwide-sports-market-revenue/
• https://www.esportsearnings.com/
• https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-06-01/to-buy-into-this-videogaming-league-it-s-at-least-10-million
• https://compete.kotaku.com/blizzard-responds-to-controversial-rumors-of-20millio-1795137785
• https://esportsobserver.com/tencent-china-investment-plan/
• https://techcrunch.com/2014/08/25/amazon-will-buy-twitch-for-over-1-billion/&sa=
D&ust=1519540859703000&usg=AFQjCNE0O4uMEhHZVoYeSWN7BSNhFNwxkA
• Third-party projects’ whitepapers and presentations’ analytics

40

