+
+
+
+
+
+

Whitepaper
Published August 2017

+
+
+
+
+
+

+
+
+
+
+
+

+
+
+
+
+
+

+
+
+
+
+
+

+
+
+
+
+
+

+
+
+
+
+
+

+
+
+
+
+
+

+
+
+
+
+
+

+
+
+
+
+
+

+
+
+
+
+
+

+
+
+
+
+
+

+
+
+
+
+
+

+
+
+
+
+
+

+
+
+
+
+
+

+
+
+
+
+
+

+
+
+
+
+
+

+
+
+
+
+
+

+
+
+
+
+
+

+
+
+
+
+
+

+
+
+
+
+
+

+
+
+
+
+
+

Environmental
Sustainability
Meets the
Sustainable
Business

Index
3
Unlocking an undervalued
Asset Class

4

7
Mitigating impacts of
products and services

Application of funds

22

23

Executive Team and Advisors

Token Sale Offer

20

21

Company Information

Future use-cases

19

19

Token Allocation

Climate Neutral Fuel

15

18
Token Sale

Demand side use-cases

7

11
Waste-to-Energy Solutions

Introduction

Jurisdictional choice

25

Conﬁdentiality Statement
This document has been issued in the strictest conﬁdence and no parts of this, or any other document in this regard, may be
reproduced or communicated in any form, without the express prior consent of impactChoice. By continuing past this point you
acknowledge the conﬁdentiality of the information contained herein, and that same shall only be used for the speciﬁc purpose of
evaluating the business opportunity herein represented by impactChoice.

2

Introduction
Climate change poses a major risk to the global
economy, affecting the wealth and prosperity of all
citizens and nations around the world. It will have
signiﬁcant impact on resource availability, energy
pricing, infrastructure vulnerability and company
valuations.
Corporate environmental sustainability efforts are
no longer considered purely voluntary. Customers
and shareholders alike now expect meaningful
energy and emissions reductions, whilst legislators
at every level are creating new regulations that
require proof of compliance of climate change
adaptation.
The untapped and undervalued Natural Capital
asset class is estimated to be worth in excess of USD
$120 trillion, while speciﬁc assets represented by
institutions and individuals committed to some
sort of divestment from fossil fuels is estimated to
reach $5 trillion in 2017.

Capital Asset market, by creating a Natural Asset
Marketplace that allows all stakeholders in the
climate value chain to participate.
Stakeholders will also be able to package assets with
value added services to create customized offerings
catering to new market segments, expanding the
overall market and creating additional wealth for all
participants.
As a provider of innovative environmental
sustainability solutions since 2009, we understand
the immense value of this new platform and
paradigm. We already offer a unique range of
existing solutions that create demand for Natural
Capital Assets, underpinned by a proven business
models, with existing, paying clients.
Climate change adaptation requires our collective,
and urgent inter vention, to ensure future
generations are left with a sustainable planet.
It is a rare opportunity to create signiﬁcant wealth by
doing the right thing.

While awareness and legislation regarding climate
change and the critical importance of Natural
Assets grows, there is as yet no transparent
mechanism to connect producers of these Natural
Assets with the buyers and consumers of those
assets.

EARTH Token and the Natural Asset Exchange
blockchain platform described herein is based on
the premise that impactChoice will raise capital via
crowdfunding.

Today, as is the case with many industries, control
and the resultant beneﬁts reside with a privileged
few.

We look forward to you joining our community to
make a difference and realise the beneﬁts of this
enormous market opportunity.

The Natural Asset Exchange blockchain platform
and EARTH Token cryptocurrency provides a
unique opportunity to truly transform the Natural

Leonard Harley

Group Managing Director - impactChoice Ltd

3

Unlocking an undervalued Asset Class

Blockchains are clearly changing the world.
Pick almost any industry and you can observe how
blockchain technology has the potential to cause
disruptive change.
Consider project ﬁnancing, where bankers, private
equity, venture capital and selected individuals have
for far too long controlled most of the capital, and the
resultant proﬁts that ﬂow from investments in
projects.

universally accessible world, a world in which
community participants and common folk get an
equal opportunity to participate, and share, in the
value that they create.
Natural Capital is the world's stock of natural
resources. The untapped and undervalued. Natural
Capital asset class is estimated to be worth in excess of
USD $120 trillion, yet no transparent mechanism
exists to connect producers of Natural Assets with
business, consumers, or IoT devices.

Blockchains carry the promise of a more inclusive and

Establishment of the Natural Asset Exchange blockchain platform
with EARTH Token as the settlement mechanism currency will:

Provide a free, open,
transparent and
universally accessible
platform connecting
producers of Natural
Assets with buyers

Eliminate fraud and
double counting of
Natural Assets

Provide sellers with
ﬂexible pricing
mechanisms

Reduce complexity
related to ﬁat currency
exchange rates

Eliminate registration fees
for both buyers and
sellers

Eliminate the need for
external 3rd party
registries for buyers and
sellers

Eliminate the
requirement for buyers to
fund escrow accounts

Eliminate minimum
transaction volumes

Vastly reduce transaction
fees

Reduce lead times
through simultaneous
fulﬁlment & settlement

Enable embedding of
Natural Assets directly
into products and/or
services

Enable all to invest in
Natural Asset projects,
creating sustainable, riskadjusted, long-term
returns for all participants

4

The Natural Asset Exchange blockchain platform will
enable certiﬁed Natural Capital Asset project
developers to list their products (e.g. carbon credits,
REC's, metered output, etc.), on a unique Blockchain
& Smart Contract platform, speciﬁcally designed for
the Natural Asset trading market, at no cost.
Since the Natural Assets will reside directly on a
blockchain there will be no need for sellers to incur
the costs related to 3rd party registries to record sales
and retirement of assets.
An innovative aspect of blockchain technology is that
it automatically prevents double-spend of natively
loaded assets, resulting in a fraud-resistant solution.
Since our establishment in 2009, we have been
pioneering the use of digitally represented Natural
Assets to provide innovative environmental
sustainability solutions. In April 2017 we launched
the latest version of our climate asset management
and trading platform that is based on a private
permissioned blockchain ledger.
There are no registration fees for buyers, and there is
no need to fund escrow accounts with an exchange,
as is the current practice, nor are there any limits on
transaction volumes (unless stipulated by the seller),
nor will buyers be required to register with 3rd party
registries; all of which are current barriers to
participation.
Sellers control their own proﬁt pipeline by having
access to a range of ﬂexible pricing mechanisms (e.g.
ﬁxed price, spot rate, various auction types, etc.),
which they will be able to assign to their asset pool
based on their chosen percentage of the pool
allocation; all without long-term contractual lock-in.
The use of EARTH Tokens (EARTH) as the settlement
currency reduces complexity related to ﬁat currency
exchange rates, along with signiﬁcantly reduced
transaction fees. EARTH tokens will be based on
Ethereum, a next generation blockchain protocol
enabling advanced smart contracts.

Fulﬁlment and settlement will take place
simultaneously, based on the terms of the agreed
Smart Contract between buyers and sellers at the time
of purchase, essentially eliminating lengthy
transaction lead times that are commonplace. Just-intime purchasing of Natural Assets that is transparent
and global in scale, will ﬁnally be a reality.
Market makers, such as impactChoice & others, will
have access to Smart Contracts & API's to enable direct
integration into their systems, for embedding Natural
Assets directly into their products, services and / or
solutions.
The ability to mitigate environmental impact in
complex, integrated manufacturing processes and
supply-chains, on a pay-as-you-go, just-in-time fashion,
becomes truly feasible, reducing corporate risk and
exposure to hedged Natural Assets.
Direct sales to business and consumers will be
facilitated by using applications that are accessible by
multiple device types and operating systems (e.g.
desktop browser, Mobile iOS / Android, etc.), whilst
speciﬁc Smart Contracts and API's will cater for IoT
connected devices.
We believe that the proliferation of smart devices will
ultimately result in a requirement for device enabled
environmental impact mitigation, via self-regulated
Smart Contract interfaces.
The development and the adoption of EARTH Token as
the underpinning store of value and settlement
mechanism of the Natural Asset Exchange can foster
unprecedented accessibility and transparency in the
trading of Natural Assets.
It will truly democratize global efforts that are aiming to
address climate change adaptation, at corporate,
consumer and IoT device levels, for the sake of future
generations.

Ethereum is future-proof (e.g. IoT Smart Contracts),
censorship resistant, globally available, and provides
transparent guarantees about future operations of
the platform. With Ethereum, we can eliminate
middlemen and counterparty risk at the currency
level.

6

Natural Capital Asset Provider
Ÿ Waste to Energy projects
Ÿ Solar projects
Ÿ Windfarm projects
Ÿ Carbon sequestration projects
Ÿ Avoided emissions projects
Ÿ Small scale Hydro / other projects

Supply side

Natural Asset Exchange Blockchain

Demand side

Future Growth

Existing imapactChoice Solutions

Carbon
Mitigation
Solution

Climate
Neutral
Fuel

Clean
Energy
Solutions

Direct sales

Global Marketplace

5

IoT devices

3rd Party
Solutions

Emissions per room night

Hotel

Guest

(Scope 1 and 2)

(Scope3)

The diagram above illustrates the concept of “scope
transfer” related to a business transaction across a
given supply chain; i.e. an upstream provider's (e.g. the
Hotel's) combined Scope 1 & 2 emissions, are also the
downstream consumer's (e.g. the Guest's) Scope 3
emissions.
Th e r e f o r e , b y m i t i g a t i n g ( o f f s e t t i n g ) t h e
environmental impact of the 'room night', both
parties beneﬁt!
The hotel deducts the emissions reduction from their
overall emissions, by association to the transaction,
whilst the guest receives the actual carbon asset that
is used to mitigate their environmental impact,
proportional to their number of 'room night' stays.
When implementing our environmental impact
mitigation solution, we transfer an emissions
mitigating Carbon Asset from the native Carbon Asset
source wallet address, to a wallet address owned by
t h e g u e s t . Th i s p r ov i d e s i r r e f u t a b l e p r o o f o f
environmental impact mitigation.

As the emissions reduction value has been calculated
based on direct Scope 1 & 2 emissions using the HCMI
methodology, hospitality providers are legitimately
entitled to claim carbon neutrality for their
participating guest's emissions. The hotel can then
deduct the same amount of Scope 1 & 2 emissions in
their own reporting, by association to the climate asset
transfer transaction.
Conversely, recipients of Natural Assets are legitimately
entitled to use the transferred Scope 3 Natural Assets as
part of their own environmental impact mitigating
activities.
For our clients in the business-to-business (B2B)
market, the above embedded environmental impact
mitigation activity has proven to be a distinct
differentiator enabling our clients to win new contracts
and grow market share.

8

Demand side use-cases
The solutions described below showcase current impactChoice implementations that
drive demand for Natural Assets via the provision of our unique environmental
sustainability solutions. Our technology enables our clients to address climate change
adaptation, and create differentiated value that helps them build brand equity &
increase market share.

Carbon Mitigation
The impactChoice Carbon Mitigation Solution is an elegant approach to compensating
for negative environmental impact. It works by apportioning environmental impact
mitigation mechanisms, and costs, to predetermined business metrics, which are
directly linked with product, and service delivery, cost of sales models.
We believe it is inevitable that mitigation of environmental impacts associated with the
provision of products and services will eventually be factored into their price to the
consumer. Since 2009 we have been developing business models, and technology
platforms, to enable this shift, thereby adding value to both our clients and their
downstream customers.

A Hospitality example
Let’s us a Hotel as an example. We start by calculating the 'per room night' carbon
equivalent footprint associated with providing a room, facilities and services to guests.
This is achieved by conducting an accredited GHG emissions audit, which in the
hospitality industry is based on the Hotel Carbon Management Initiative (HCMI)
developed by the International Tourism Partnership (ITP) and the World Travel &
Tourism Council (WTTC).

7

Asset
address

Recipient
addresses

ImpactChoice

Natural Asset

Natural Assets linked to guest stays
are transferred to recipient addresses...
drawn from the source asset residing on
the blockchain...

Natural asset : available value
Natural asset : transferred value

Conﬁrmation of transaction completion is via a multilingual, template driven email, allowing for full
c u s t o m i s a t i o n o f co n t e n t a n d m e s s a g i n g , i n
accordance to the needs of each client hotel, creating
an environmental “touch point” with guests in their
own language, post check-out.

Whilst there are many changes hotels can make to
internal processes, behaviours, technology or facilities,
in order to reduce their emissions, efﬁciency gains can
only go so far – there will always be an emissions
footprint associated with the operations, no matter
how efﬁcient the processes or technologies they use.

Each transaction results in the generation of a public
summary page containing information related to the
asset transfer. Clients and asset recipients are in turn
able to share these public summary pages via social
media channels such as Facebook, Twitter and
LinkedIn to raise their social standing in relation to
environmental sustainability stewardship.

In addition, a number of essential processes or
technologies often exist that are simply too costprohibitive to alter. The net result – a residual emissions
footprint that requires mitigation.

9

The overall value proposition and beneﬁts of our proven
emissions mitigation solution can therefore be
summarised as follows:

Marketing beneﬁts
Ÿ

Enables the marketing and sales of a
'climate neutral' guest experience

Ÿ

Includes annual Greenhouse Gas
emissions inventory audits (GHG Protocol
& HCMI), and provides inputs for GRI
sustainable development reporting &
sustainable tourism certiﬁcations

Ÿ

Provides individual and corporate guests
with tangible Carbon Assets as irrefutable
proof of environmental impact mitigation

Ÿ

Creates 'environmental touch points' with
guests that can be leveraged on social
media channels

Environmental and technical beneﬁts
Ÿ

Provides the foundation for a long-term
environmental sustainability strategy that results
in immediate reduction of emissions, that also
includes environmental and socio-economic
beneﬁts for participating communities

Ÿ

An Energy Management System which enables
e n e r g y u s a g e m o n i to r i n g a n d o p t i m i za t i o n ,
allowing for continued identiﬁcation of power
consumption reduction opportunities and billing
veriﬁcation is also typically included.

Ÿ

A credible and tangible Carbon Asset
management program built on blockchain /
distributed ledger technology

Ÿ

Access to an ISO 14001 compliant Environmental
Management System is currently under
development

10

According to STR Global, there are between 13.4 million
and 17.5 million hotel rooms worldwide. Using a
conservative occupancy rate of only 50% indicates that
there are in excess of 2.4 billion room nights sold per
annum.
The hospitality industry alone, therefore, represents a
signiﬁcant market opportunity for our Carbon Mitigation
Solution as described above, and as evidenced via our
existing hospitality client base.
What we have described above is truly a ubiquitous
environmental impact mitigation solution that can be
applied to any business, of any size, in any industry and
accommodate any use-case. We simply need to package
and sell the solution in the same manner as we have done
within the hospitality industry to drive demand.

Climate Neutral Fuel
The impactChoice Climate Neutral Fuel solution is a
te c h n i ca l l y p r ove n , t u r n key a p p r o a c h to f u e l
m a n a g e m e n t t h a t i n c r e a s e s t h e o p e ra t i o n a l
efﬁciency of combustion equipment assets, resulting
in an overall improvement in fuel consumption,
reduced fuel costs and mitigation of harmful
emissions associated with the combustion of fuel in
vehicles, generators and other combustion assets
vital to business and industry.
Our implementation is based on provision of the
following distinct core components:
1. EPA registered & SABS SANS:342 compliant fuel
catalyst
2. Automated bulk fuel treatment dosing plant

11

3. Carbon Mitigation Solution based on fuel volume
treated
4. Bulk fuel storage tank gauging & asset level
dispensing solution
5. Business Intelligence and Reporting console related
to bulk fuel deliveries, fuel dosing treatments, bulk
fuel tank gauging & monitoring and asset level fuel
dispensing & fuel efﬁciency monitoring
Modern combustion catalysts undeniably improve fuel
economy. The impactChoice F230/4 Combustion
E n h a n c i n g C a t a l y t i c F u e l O p t i m i s e r i s a n E PA
registered, 4th generation combustion enhancing
technology based on catalytic effects, manufactured in
the USA, and licensed to impactChoice for world-wide
distribution and sale.

Th e co m b u s t i o n e n h a n c i n g t e c h n o l o g y w a s
conceived during the development and
manufacturing of solid rocket fuel for the ATK Thiokol
rocket booster program in the USA. It was formulated
based on the understanding of burn rate modiﬁers
used in the missile defence programs for the US
military, and rocket booster technology used by
NASA.

An integral component of our Climate Neutral Fuel
Solution is the application, or dosing, of the fuel catalyst
into bulk fuel storage facilities. To ensure continuity of
solution delivery we intend to install a sophisticated,
fully-automated bulk Fuel Catalyst Injection Dosing
System which would be integrated into the bulk fuel
storage facilities operated by our clients, on a plug &
play basis.

Th e m a i n a c t i ve i n g r e d i e n t s a r e s y n e r g i s t i c ,
multifunctional combustion catalysts that include
combustion surface modiﬁers & deposit surface
modiﬁers, which can be used with any liquid
hydrocarbon fuel ranging from gasoline to diesel to
residual fuel, and has even shown promise for use with
solid carbon fuels such as coal.

Our dosing systems will automatically, accurately and
consistently inject our fuel catalyst into bulk fuel
storage tanks in all climatic conditions and incorporate
optional asset level consumption monitoring, data
logging and near real-time data communications into a
single system.

2.2 meters

1.1 meters

Bulk Fuel Dosing System

Air relief

Tank level probe

Static in-line mixer

Catalyst circulation pump

Catalyst injection point

Dosing pump in enclosure
DMH 19-10, 90W motor, ﬂow meter

Manual re-ﬁll point
(incl transfer pump)

Flow meter and sensor

Air eliminator

Control panel

12

The Carbon Mitigation Solution, described above,
enables bulk-volume fuel consumers to rapidly
compensate for their environmental impact by
apportioning direct (Scope 1) emissions from the
combustion of fuel, while mitigating these emissions
through the transfer of Natural Assets purchased via
the Natural Asset Exchange, from internationally
accredited and veriﬁable Carbon Asset generation
mechanisms and projects.
Our bulk fuel storage tank gauging solution is an
innovative system for monitoring the ﬂuid level inside
atmospheric tanks. The system detects the static
pressure generated by the ﬂuid height by means of a
tube inserted in the tank and displays the ﬂuid level or
volume.
Supporting ﬂow rates up to 90 l/min with an accuracy
of +/- 0.5 %, our non-commercial fuel dispensing
solution enables efﬁcient management, monitoring
and control of asset refueling.

13

Asset and / or driver tagging linked to intuitive software
allows for the monitoring of dispensers, tanks, drivers
and vehicles in real time. The dispenser features an
electronic interface, AC pump, automatic nozzle,
delivery hose and built-in water absorbing ﬁlter.
A local site ser ver provides access to real-time
dispensing and bulk tank level data. Local site data is
periodically synchronised to our cloud based BI &
Reporting system for consolidation of all site level
telemetry.
Since the Bulk Dosing System records live telemetry,
each client is provided with a customised reporting
console affording authorised users a view of raw data &
key indicators such as fuel volumes received / treated,
fuel catalyst volumes consumed, Net Financial Beneﬁt
achieved, and more, presented in a Business
Intelligence Reporting Dashboard. Live telemetry also
caters for centralized alarm and reaction management.

Climate Neutral Fuel solution

Tank level graph

Tank levels 01 /03/ 2016 to 31 / 10/ 2016

19,305 litres

20000 litres

Jul 2016

4000 litres

10,236 litres

Jun 2016

13,870 litres

May 2016

12,383 litres

April 2016

12,533 litres

13,416 litres

8000 litres

13,743 litres

12000 litres

13,354 litres

16000 litres

0 litres
Mar 2016

The overall value proposition and beneﬁts of our
climate neutral fuel solution can therefore be
summarised as follows:
Ÿ

Ÿ

Reduced emissions during the combustion
process and avoided emissions by using less fuel
t h r o u g h d e p l oy m e n t of a n E PA r e g i s te r e d
combustion process enhancing fuel catalyst
Residual emissions mitigation and reduction in
environmental impact through the purchase of

Aug 2016

Sep 2016

Oct 2016

Natural Assets via the Natural Asset Exchange based on actual fuel volume consumed
Ÿ

Reduced overall cost of fuel purchases

Ÿ

Results in an on-going Net Financial Beneﬁt of 5% or
more

Targeting volume consumers of fuel represents a
signiﬁcant market opportunity for our Climate Neutral
Fuel solution described above.

14

Gasiﬁcation System
Gasiﬁcation System

Methanization

Synthetic
Natural
Gas (SNG)
CO2

Coal Waste

Gasiﬁcation and Gas Treating

The Syngas produced by this gasiﬁcation process is a
clean, dry, ﬂexible fuel which can be
1. Burned to create heat and electricity,
2. Passed through any of several different catalysts to
produce ﬂuids such as alcohols and transportation
fuels, including clean burning diesel, or
3. Used to supply pure hydrogen gas for multiple
applications.
impactChoice has partnered with
TCG Projects to provide the Carbon Mitigation

Solution described above to mitigate the actual
emissions produced during the process, resulting in
climate neutral energy products, when combined
with our Carbon Mitigation Solution.
The Ceramic Industries Group is a leader in the design
and manufacture of ceramic tiles and bathroom-ware.
Founded in 1976, the Group operates six factories in
South Africa, and one in Australia.
TCG P r o j e c t s s i g n e d a co n t ra c t w i t h Ce ra m i c s
Industries for the deployment of waste coal to Syngas &
Power Generation solutions, as visualised above.

16

Waste-to-Energy solutions
Waste-to-energy is the process of generating energy from the primary
treatment of waste materials, and is a form of energy recovery.

Coal Waste

Petroleum Coke

Fuel Gas

Power
Generation

Oil / Residue

Municipal Solid
Waste (MSW)

TCG Projects (Pty) Ltd (tcgprojects.co.za), a strategic business
partner, provides gasiﬁcation plants capable of converting any
carbon-containing feedstock such as biomass, coal, petroleum
coke, or municipal solid waste into synthetic gas (Syngas),
consisting primarily of hydrogen (H) and carbon monoxide (CO).

15

Steam
Electricity

Chemical
Conversion

Hydrogen, Methanol
Ammonia, other
chemicals

Liquefaction

Transportation Fuels:
Diesel, Jet, Gasoline

Biomass

Refuse-Derived
Fuel (RDF)

Substitute Fuel for
existing industrial
boilers

Methanization

Synthetic Natural
Gas (SNG)

We currently have 3 additional conﬁrmed waste-to-energy project
opportunities similar to the above, awaiting implementation, subject to the
requisite funding becoming available, in collaboration with a major multinational provider of power generation equipment.

Future use-cases
The Natural Asset Exchange and the use of EARTH Tokens (EARTH) as the
settlement currency, will allow everyone participate in environmental impact
mitigation initiatives, allowing the market to grow organically and reach is
massive potential.
Below are just some potential use-cases. As IoT and Artiﬁcial Intelligence (AI)
evolves these will explode into new areas we have not imagined yet!

Sharing Economy
(AirBnB, Uber etc.)

Public
transportation

Traditional B&B
/ guest house stays

Datacentres &
ISP services

Blockchain transaction
conﬁrmation energy use

Movie / theatre / festival /
theme park attendance

Personal electricity &
fuel consumption

Food production
across full supply chain

Restaurant / fast
food purchases

IoT device energy
consumption

Multiple industrial
processes

Governmental
service delivery

Industrial manufacturing
across multiple industries

Aviation

Clothing manufacture
and distribution

Vehicle manufacture,
distribution, and use

Recycling
industry

Marine transport
and ﬁshing

Breweries

Electronics manufacture,
distribution, and use

18

Natural assets, the only difference being in this case,
that the asset production facility is directly connected
to the client at a given geographic location.

The production of Synthetic Natural Gas in Gigajoules
will be recorded via calibrated meters, with outputs
r e co r d e d o n t h e N a t u ra l A s s e t E xc h a n g e a s
irrefutable proof of energy generation.

Sufﬁcient funding will enable us to establish a Project
and Strategic Acquisitions Investment Fund team to
merge ﬁnancial expertise focused on due diligence, risk
assessment, and ﬁnancial modelling, with our
technology and environmental sustainability solutions,
and commercially-viable environmental ventures and
initiatives, creating more demand for use of the Natural
Asset Exchange and EARTH as the settlement
mechanism.

Additionally, impactChoice will be providing our
Carbon Mitigation Solution described above to
ensure that the Synthetic Natural Gas delivered to
Ceramics Industries is climate neutral.
Purchase of energy produced will take place via the
N a t u ra l A s s e t E xc h a n g e u s i n g E A R T H a s t h e
settlement instrument in a similar fashion as other

Coal Waste

Gasiﬁcation System

Gasiﬁcation and Gas Treating

Methanization
CO2

Natural Asset Exchange Blockchain

17

Synthetic
Natural
Gas (SNG)

Token Sale
Token name:

EARTH Token
Token stages and exchange rates

Token ticker symbol:
Token type:

Token sale start:

EARTH
Ethereum ERC20
Pre-sale: 17 November 2017
Sale: 15 December 2017

visit www.earth-token.com for more information.

Token sale duration:

90 Days

Minimum purchase:

1 ETH / 0.04 BTC

Pre-ICO:
5200 per 0.04 BTC / 1 ETH (30% bonus)
3 Stage ICO each equal to 30 days, total 90 days:
Stage 1: 4800 per 0.04 BTC / 1 ETH (20% bonus)
Stage 2: 4400 per 0.04 BTC / 1 ETH (10% bonus)
Stage 3: 4000 per 0.04 BTC / 1 ETH
Number of Tokens to be issued:

Funding Cap Tier 1:
34,000 ETH – Natural Asset Exchange development,
deployment and company funding to support
development and growth of public platform.
Funding Cap Tier 2:
68,000 ETH hard cap – Establishment of Project and
S t ra t e g i c Acq u i s i t i o n s I nve s t m e n t F u n d a n d
associated investments.
Funding Currencies: Ethereum (ETH), Bitcoin (BTC).
Security: Funds will be held using multi-sig wallets
according to industry best practices requiring 2 of 3
signatories to release funds.
NB: The only trusted source of information related to
this Token Sale will be the ofﬁcial EARTH Token

19

Maximum 1 Billion EARTH

website (www.earth-token.com). No other information
source will carry ofﬁcial information!
Any funding addresses publicly advertised should be
considered 'scams'.
E A R T H To k e n s w i l l b e f u l l y t r a n s f e r a b l e a n d
exchangeable, and will be listed on selected exchanges
once distributed.
Token holders will be free to buy and sell EARTH Tokens
once they are listed.
EARTH ownership does not give the owner any kind of
share or equity or voting rights in impactChoice, or any
future legal entities that may be incorporated as a result
of the Token Sale.
Consequently, EARTH does not qualify as a security of
any kind.

Token Allocation
The primary source for any information related to the
EARTH Token Sale is this document, written in the
English language. During our Token Sale marketing
efforts this document, and the information contained
herein, may be translated into other languages, at
which time some of the information contained herein
may be lost, corrupted, or misrepresented. As such we
cannot guarantee any such alternative
communications, therefore the provisions of this
English language original document shall prevail in
the event of any conﬂicts or inconsistencies.
This document does not, and should not be deemed
to, constitute a prospectus of any sort or a solicitation
for investment. No laws or regulations of any
jurisdiction designed to protect investors were taken
i n t o a cco u n t d u r i n g t h e co m p i l a t i o n o f t h i s
document, therefore it is not an offer or solicitation to
buy any form of security in any jurisdiction.
Th i s d o c u m e n t m ay co n t a i n fo r wa r d - l o o k i n g
statements & information which involve known and
unknown risks and uncertainties. As such, actual
events or results may differ materially from any such
possible for ward-looking statements, be they
expressed or implied.

50%
Public

50%
Private

Please note that the EARTH Token Sale is NOT being
offered to citizens or residents of the United States of
America or The Republic of Mauritius. The tokens have
not been, and will not be, registered under the United
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
“Securities Act”), nor the Mauritian equivalent, and may
not be offered or sold in the United States or Mauritius,
or to, or for the beneﬁt of US persons (as deﬁned in
Regulation S under the Securities Act) unless they are
so registered, or an exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act is available, or the
Mauritian equivalent.
One such exemption allows the resale of tokens
purchased for their own account and for investment
purposes only by investors who:
(i) are not otherwise afﬁliated with impactChoice,
(ii) have been exposed for some time to the economic
risks that ownership of tokens entails, and
(iii) are not part of the distribution of the tokens. One
such exemption allows the resale of tokens p u r c h a s e d
for their own account and for investment purposes only
by investors who:

3rd party service providers to Token Sale, Token Sale
logistics and technology platform partner, founders,
stakeholders, advisors, early contributors, EARTH reserve
for liquidity, incentives to contractors and suppliers. The
emission (vesting + cliff), shall be: 20% at time of
distribution, thereafter 20% ever y 6 months until
complete.

20

Application of funds
Although we have a number of solutions already deployed, we at impactChoice view this
opportunity as the beginning of a long and fruitful journey for all our stakeholders. We are
committed to ensuring that funding is committed to projects and initiatives that grow the Natural
Asset Market, creating an environment that fosters continuous innovation and involves the broader
global community. As we continue to add value and grow our market cap, everybody beneﬁts.

Tier 1 funding will be applied to:
Provision development/deployment
platforms and infrastructure for Natural
Asset Exchange (NAE)

Resource development and solutions
delivery teams to execute Go-to-Market
(GTM) strategy for EARTH and NAE

Develop additional core systems
capabilities for NAE
Ÿ

Greenhouse Gas (GHG) auditing system

Ÿ

Self-service on-boarding and
provisioning capabilities for small-tomedium enterprises (SMEs)

Ÿ

Backwards-compatible porting
capabilities for existing legacy systems
clients

Establish Network Operations Centre
(NOC)

Develop and launch global voluntary
corporate Emissions Trading Scheme

Launch NAE 1.0 and execute global GTM
strategy

Commercialise Climate-Neutral Fuel
solution

Establish innovation and incubation centre
tasked with developing and launching
packaged solutions targeted at expanding
reach and increasing EARTH transaction
volumes

Tier 2 funding any and / or all of the following based
on funding level achieved:
Extend platform capabilities by recruiting
strategic partners and executing robust
M&A
Ÿ

21

Acquire 3.5 Metric Tons of carbon
credits from the Kariba + REDD project
(carbongreenafrica.net) to be
provisioned on the Natural Asset
Trading Exchange

Ÿ

Acquire Energy Management Systems
company (already identiﬁed)

Ÿ

Acquire identiﬁed Environmental
Management Systems company and
interface EMS ISO 14001 modules into
core Carbon Mitigation Solution
platform

Establish a Project and Strategic
Acquisitions Investment Fund and team to
manage and ﬁnd opportunities for
Investment Fund and Strategic
Acquisitions

Fund 1st investment - Waste-to-Energy
project

Establish a non-proﬁt Foundation

Company Information

Organisation Name:

impactChoice Ltd

Legal Jurisdiction:

Ilse of Man

Registration Number:

Date of Incorporation:

012222V

17 April 2009

Financial Year end:

Financial Year:

1 July to 30 June

4th Floor, Exchange House,
54-58 Athol Street,
Douglas,
Isle of Man IM1 1JD

22

Executive Team & Advisors

A self-taught coder since the age of 14, he imagined,
designed, built and implemented sophisticated
environmental sustainability solutions at impactChoice, a
company he co-founded in 2009.

The EARTH Token and NAE were to be the last project he
worked on and an apt culmination of his life’s work. He is
sorely missed and his vision for a better world continues to live
on in our hearts.

Angus Rowe
Co-founder, Chairman

In 1991 Angus entered the healthcare industry as CEO of "The
Health Maintenance Organisation (Pty) Ltd“ and by 1999 he
had transformed the company into the LifeSense Group
comprising four risk management companies.
Under his stewardship LifeSense Corporate Healthcare
developed unique intellectual property for the purpose of
HIV disease management solutions resulting in the company
being awarded the “Top Disease Management Company” in
South Africa for 5 years running.
Angus holds a Graduate Diploma in Company Direction from
the Graduate Institute of Management Technology and has
attended the Owner/President Management Executive
Education course at Harvard Business School.

Peter Newell

Operations Director,
Acting Financial Director

Peter has a strong background in ﬁnancial services with a
focus on customer service having spent over 10 years as the
team leader of Corporate Advice and Customer Care teams.
Peter holds a BCom in Management from the University of
South Africa and has completed the Leadership
Development Programme from the Gordon Institute of
Business Science.

Leonard Harley

Co-founder, Managing Director,
Deceased December 2017

A natural problem solver with a ‘no challenge is too big’
attitude, Len was driven to bring about positive
environmental change through the development and
application of technological solutions.

25

Allan Saunders
Marketing Director,
Product Management Director

Allan is a seasoned product management and marketing
professional with over 25 years of experience bringing
leading-edge technologies to market.

He spent 10 years in Oracle and 5 years in Microsoft in various
Product Management and Marketing roles, often leading
initiatives to launch new ﬂagship products and solutions.

investments. Amongst other business interests he also
provides crypto-currency and Blockchain consulting to those
wishing to leverage this ground breaking technology.

He has been an integral part of the impactChoice team since
2011, driving Corporate Vision & Strategy, leading Product
Development & Management initiatives and is responsible for
Global Marketing.

Wes and Len can often be seen at social gatherings huddled
in deep technical conversations regarding blockchain and
crypto-currency technology.

Allan holds a Master's Diploma in Technology from the
University of Tshwane and a Bachelor of Commerce Degree in
Information Systems and Business Administration from the
University of South Africa.

Suyash Sumaroo
Dennis Stone
Director - Renewable Energy

Dennis is a qualiﬁed Ceramic Technologist, spending the ﬁrst
8 years of his career focused on developing heat resistant
solutions for Ferrous and Non-Ferrous industries.

Blockchain &
Smart Contract Lead

Suyash is the co-founder of Codevigor, a Mauritian Startup
specialised in the development of web, mobile and
blockchain applications. He has more than 10 years
experience in open-source technologies and has been
working in the blockchain space for 3 years.

In 2007, he transitioned into the Energy sector, focusing
mainly on Renewable Energy, where his solar businesses have
installed in excess of 8000 solar thermal installations and
around 4 MW of solar PV installations.
His success in solar thermal & PV has led to a focus on MicroGrid solutions, speciﬁcally the integration of Waste to Energy,
Solar PV, Grid, Battery and Generator Backup projects to
provide cost effective and reliable Micro-Grid solutions for a
global market.

Omwantee Moodoo
NAE Application
Development Head

Omwantee (Asha) is the co-founder of Codevigor. She has
over 10 years experience working as a software engineer and
project manager in international companies including
Infosys and Ceridian.

Wesley Carlson

Director of IT & Blockchain

Wes is a Bitcoin and Crypto-currency enthusiast having
discovered Bitcoin in 2012. He immediately identiﬁed the
potential of both blockchain technologies and cryptocurrencies to disrupt the status quo in virtually every industry.
He has been closely following the development of the
industry ever since, and holds several cryptocurrency

26

Gavin Knight

Advisor

Gavin Knight has worked in Bitcoin since 2013 helping raise
VC funding, and providing research and advisory to Bitcoin
businesses and decentralized projects.

Sam Yilmaz
Advisor

Sam Yilmaz served as the founder of BitAngels and managing
partner of the DApps Fund which was the ﬁrst fund to raise all
its capital in crypto and invest only in projects with crypto.

Joeri Pross
Advisor

Joeri is the director of the premier video agency in the
blockchain space, Hypercube. Hypercube videos have helped
raise hundreds of millions in token sales. His strength is in
marketing, branding and project management. Through the
years, he has built an extensive network of contacts in the
Bitcoin world.
He has a background in psychiatry, teaching, motion design
and lives in The Netherlands, literally next to a windmill. He's
married and has 2 daughters.

Jason Berry
Advisor

From 1996 to 2001 Jason and Len formed the Executive
Management team at CiTEC (Pty) Ltd, an Internet Service
Provider which Jason founded.
It was the ﬁrst ISP in South Africa to implement a full Cisco
MPLS VPN, ﬁrst to successfully test and implement VoIP over
satellite to Europe, and arguably the ﬁrst ISP in South Africa to
build a full multi-node high-speed meshed wireless network
spanning the greater urban districts of Johannesburg and
Cape Town.
Jason has a BSc Electrical engineering (Heavy and light
current) from the University of the Witwatersrand and is also
the holder of several patents.

26

Carrington Phillip

Advisor

Carey is presently the CEO of Moya Telecoms, a wholesale
provider of undersea ﬁbre-optic capacity. Previous positions
include Managing Director of Smile Communications in
Kampala Uganda, and Vice President of Regulatory Afrairs at
Cox Communications, Inc., Atlanta, GA.
Over the last 12 months Carey has become increasingly
interested in crypto-currencies and their relationship with
law.
He holds a J.D. (Cum Laude) from The Howard University
School of Law in Washington D.C. where he was in the top 10%
of his class, and a Honours B.A. in International Affairs from
Queens University in Ontario.

27

Maurice Crespi
Partner, Schindlers Attorneys

Maurice joined Schindlers Attorneys in October 1997 and
became a partner in the ﬁrm in December 1998. He is an
experienced legal practitioner and a highly experienced
litigation attorney with several reported judgments in both
the South African Supreme Court of Appeal and
Constitutional Court.
He regularly provides guidance to boards of public and
private companies, and gives lectures on recent
developments in commercial law.

2

