WHITEPAPER | EBOOST

EBOOST.FUN

TABLE OF

CONTENTS
2. TABLE OF CONTENTS
4. ABSTRACT
5. EBOOST TO TRANSFORM INDUSTRIES
8. WHY THE MOBILE GAMING INDUSTRY
9. MOBILE GAMING REVENUE WITH EBST
10. PROBLEMS IN MOBILE GAMING
11. MOBILE ESPORTS AND EBOOST
12. EBOOST MOBILE WALLET
13. A USER FRIENDLY EXPERIENCE
14. EBST & GAME DEVELOPMENT
15. EBOOST WEBSITE
16. EBOOST & ESPORTS
17. IN-GAME TRADING WITH EBOOST
18. ESPORTS DILEMMA
19. BLOCKCHAIN AND ESPORTS
20. THE ESPORTS SOLUTION

TABLE OF

CONTENTS
21. EBOOST GAMEPLAN
22. ESPORTS STATS
23. ESPORTS AUDIENCES
24. UTILIZING VIEWERSHIP
25. TUITION PAYMENTS WITH EBOOST
26. TECHNOLOGICAL SPECS
28. TECHNICAL FRAMEWORK OVERVIEW
31. DISTRIBUTION
32. EBOOST PARTNERS
33. ROADMAP
37. EBOOST TEAM
43. THANK YOU
44. ACKNOWLEDGE
45. DISCLAIMER

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST

ABSTRACT
A perfect storm has rolled in. Blockchain technology, eSports, and
mobile gaming have grown to new heights, revolutionizing their
respective industries. This white paper will provide an in-depth
explanation of how all three have come together; To create the eBoost
platform and EBST, The Trusted Gamer Coin.
eBoost is much more than a typical blockchain platform. Gamers and
traders can come together to collab, compete, watch and find out the
latest news on the competitive gaming & blockchain industry in an easy
to navigate setting. eBoost aims to be at the center of the blockchain,
eSports and mobile gaming industries.
Our eSports and mobile gaming platform launched in 2016 and
encompasses a gaming platform, wallet and cryptocurrency ticketed
EBST, all powered by blockchain technology. eBoost has now reached
50,000 active users and is growing daily. Our organization strives to
improve and reach millions of new users globally with our bold growth
plan.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST

EBOOST WILL
TRANSFORM THREE
INDUSTRIES
1. CRYPTOCURRENCIES
(EBST)
The worldwide population has quickly adopted cryptocurrencies to their
everyday lives. With blockchains’ secure & swift transactions, inexpensive
cost and global outreach, we are truly in the middle of a financial
renaissance. eBoost has developed the Trusted Gamer Coin (EBST) on its
platform with support from business leaders, mainstream news and
popular social influencers backing its potential. The huge success of
cryptocurrency adoption proves that the blockchain has truly filled a
much needed void in Financial Technology (FinTech). Safe & secure
business transactions, wallets & accounts for those unable to access a
bank, and quick, cheap payment gateways are some of the many
problems solved in FinTech. The blockchain will continue to find
solutions to problems that were born of the twentieth century financial
systems.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST

2. MOBILE
GAMING
The mobile gaming industry has evolved and thrived through the
improvement of technological advancements in Android and IOS
devices. As virtual online stores such as Apple’s App Store and the
Google Play Store became open to more options in-game, app
developers quickly developed a system that involved microtransactions.
This instantly created huge success, pushing the industry to grow into
the multi-billion dollar level that it is today. However, incredible growth
such as this, created many security breaches within apps & games, as
well as the online stores.
Hackers can generate their own in-game coins, giving one an advantage
over other players, but also damaging the credibility of app developers
and app stores alike. The eBoost cryptocurrency trading under the
ticker:EBST, is the answer to this persistent problem. With its safe &
secure network of transactions, your protection is guaranteed.
Blockchain will indefinitely replace all in-game currency in mobile
games platforms and eBoost is at the forefront of this shift. EBST was
created and implemented via a secure wallet and payment system
which is immutable and decentralized. In addition EBST offers an in app
marketplace to create trading in-game items across multiple apps.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST

3. ESPORTS
GAMING
eSports is a growing global enterprise born from fragmented online
video game clubs into a major organization. This growing slice of the
online gaming industry is approaching $1 billion in total annual revenue.
The industry has grown double digits year over year for the past five
years; however eSports has suffered from a lack of organization and a
common payment platform that has left players lost, upset and
downright angry.
With a large, thriving community of gamers, iconic professional eSports
players and traders alike, eBoost will strive to solve these problems with
secure payments, constant adaptations, updates and a solid foundation
to over 50,000 in a community of token holders, gamers, traders and
business people alike.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST

WHY THE MOBILE
GAMING INDUSTRY?
eBoost is targeting the mobile gaming industry due to its incredible
growth and it’s wide compatibility to implement a coin for gaming
purchases and trading.
In 2011, The United States began its growth in mobile games. The general
population of mobile game users from America started at just 25.9%.
Estimates now are well over 60% and only predicted to grow further by
2020. Surveys show that out of general mobile game players, users have
at least 3 mobile games on each device they own.
In the United States $40m market for mobile gaming, 4.8% of their
players spend money through microtransactions. Games such as Clash of
Clans, Candy Crush and even Flappy Bird have made hundreds of
millions in ad revenue and micro transactions. With objectives that
involve co-development of mobile games and creating a blockchain that
will be used to service the entire industry, eBoost will be targeting
games with potential such as these.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST

MOBILE GAMING
REVENUE WITH
EBOOST
Global revenue is important as it represents the feasibility of investment
for onlookers and spectators wanting to get financially involved. eBoost
is joining this industry at the correct moment with visions of creating a
widely used platform and in-game currency.
The stats show that in terms of revenue, the global mobile games
industry reached $40.6 billion in 2017. This shows impressive stability in
growth compared to $30.1 billion in 2015 with Asia being the largest
proportion of this revenue. Through companies like Tencent and others
alike, this revenue is supported. Japan also generated $6.18 billion and
stands as the second largest mobile gaming industry in terms of
revenue, in the world. Following close behind is the United States of
America, trailed by South Korea. China is undoubtedly the strongest
leader in the industry standing 3rd in growth and opportunities out of
the 5 largest markets in Asia. eBoost will be targeting this high potential
marketplace and reinvent the industry for all casual and competitive
players.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST

PROBLEMS IN
MOBILE GAMING
Despite the growth of the mobile gaming industry, many problems have
arisen and have not been addressed directly. eBoost has viable and
realistic methods of combating these problems. Some of these issues
include:
Hacking into games for currency
Downloading free games from illegal sites
Generating or stealing key codes for in-game
currency redemption.
eBoost will combat this by creating a
gaming platform built on the blockchain
technology. The decentralized platform
will create security for the mobile games
market. eBoost will do this by offering our
blockchain technology to app developers,
providing them the functionality to have
decentralized log of transactions. eBoost
strives to develop games with mobile app
developers powered by the EBST token as
the secure, in-game currency.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST

MOBILE ESPORTS
& EBOOST
IMPLEMENTATION
eSports has thrived on a massive scale since the first days of gaming
tournaments attracting sponsorships, football sports clubs and even
stadium owners. In just its first year, the sub industry that is mobile
eSports has shown huge growth and is expected to become a
mainstream eSport in the scene by mid 2019. eBoost is involved in the
future of mobile esports with EBST originally being founded for eSports.
This will be something that is implemented alongside the growth of
mobile eSports. As the new sub industry grows into mainstream eBoost
will be a widely used platform for eSports gamers and mobile gamers.
Implementation will be achieved by replacing the in-game currency that
the games would normally have and using eBoost instead. Any Mobile
eSports prize pools will be paid out in eBoost to use in the app or to be
withdrawn through the wallet app.
This will work alongside the in-game trading system of EBST with players
trading eBoost to each other via the eBoost Mobile Wallet App. eSports
has thrived on a massive scale since the first days of gaming
tournaments, attracting sponsorships, football sports clubs and even
stadium owners. In just its first year, the sub industry that is mobile
eSports has shown huge growth and is expected to become a
mainstream eSport in the scene by mid 2019. eBoost will definitely be
involved in the future of mobile esports due to the coin originally being
founded for eSports. This will be something that is implemented
alongside the growth of mobile eSports. As the new sub industry grows
into mainstream eBoost will be a widely used platform for eSports
gamers and mobile gamers. Implementation will be achieved by
replacing the ingame currency that the games would normally have and
using eBoost instead. Any Mobile eSports prize pools will be paid out in
eBoost to use in the app or to be withdrawn through the wallet app.
This will work alongside the system of in-game trading with eBoost with
players trading eBoost with each other via the eBoost Mobile Wallet
App.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST

THE EBOOST
WALLET APP
The eBoost Wallet App will be in conjunction with the eBoost mobile
games integration. The wallet will be connected to a server that links all
of the games supported by eBoost, creating and linking an in-game
currency. This lays the foundations of an item marketplace for these
games. Trading, tournaments and many more features will use the
eBoost blockchain to provide security and use for the EBST coin. This will
create and integrate an environment based on an easy to manage user
interface and a general platform for players to chat and trade in the
mobile gaming community. The eBoost Mobile Wallet will provide all the
coins you own, held on your phone for physical and personal ownership
of the currency. The technology behind the eBoost wallet app will be
developed for Android and iOS devices, which safely stores the users
private keys for the coins they’ve earned, bought or received.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST

A USER-FRIENDLY
EXPERIENCE FOR
UNEDUCATED
CONSUMERS IN
CRYPTOCURRENCY
Some of the biggest problems that has deterred people from using
crypto in the past has been the elongated signups on exchanges, the
complexity of the industry and the long transfer times of the coins.
eBoost will change the mindset of these people by integrating the coin
with a seamless and easy signup process. Simply pressing the “sign in
with google” or “sign in with Facebook” feature used in most apps will
automatically generate a customers details by linking their account to
create an easy sign up process for consumers. They will then be able to
buy and transfer coins directly from their mobile device. The implications
of this could change the way people view crypto and and create large
potential for eBoost in the future.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST

EBOOST AS A COIN
AND A GAMES
DEVELOPMENT
COMPANY
As mentioned, eBoost plans to implement their in-game technology
with the EBST token into several mobile games. The coin will be
transferable from phone to phone through the in-game marketplace.
eBoost will also be launching a games development company to create
apps that implement this technology. The platform that holds these
games will use efficient linking between games with instant transfer
times when trading the coin in-game.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST

THE BRAND NEW
EBOOST WEBSITE
eBoost is currently updating its website www.eboost.fun to become
much more than a basic website, but instead a portal for all things
eSports related to eSports. eBoost will be the premier hub for all eSports,
highlighting from many different major eSports just for the community
including blockchain news and mobile gaming updates. Some of the
highlights eBoost will be implementing into its new website in
September 2018 are the following:
Live scores and updates of eSports major tournaments happening
worldwide
eCommerce section to allow fans & players ability to buy gaming gear
and apparel with EBST tokens
eSports news aggregated from credible sources around the industry
Dynamic blog with comprehensive topics pertaining to eSports
Expanded slyders with several recent videos about eBoost news
White paper that includes updates quarterly
Landing page to collect information of eSports fans and eBoost token
holders
Expand the team and update bios of eBoost team
Deposit section to top up ‘eboost wallet’
Update roadmap and add extra year of goals and future activities
Twitter live feed widget
Add more social media outlets linked to the website
Update terms & conditions, privacy policy and cookie permissions

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST

EBOOST AND
ESPORTS
eBoost is a platform was originally built specifically on the blockchain to
service the nearly $1b gaming community. Now incorporating mobile
games into the service, many possibilities have opened up for eBoost
and the consumers of the coin, EBST.
Similar to traditional sports, eSports fans follow real world teams and
enjoy watching matches of wildly popular games like League of Legends,
Counter-Strike and World of Warcraft. There is also a vast amount of
gamers who use their time collecting items from such games, then
trading them with each other. Places such as Discord house avenues for
these players to connect with one another and trade their items. eBoost
is connected with the largest trading Discord in a server called
TradeCentral which holds over 40,000 users. With an eBoost Wallet built
into their ecosystem it provides another opportunity for the eSports
world to use Boost as a platform where players can be paid through
prizes. This aims to change the industry into a secure and profitable
economy online.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST

BUY/SELL/TRADE
IN-GAMES SKINS/
COSMETICS
Throughout the rapid growth of the eSports industry, there are a few sub
industries that thrive within it. Players can now buy, sell or trade their ingame skins or cosmetics. A skin, is an in-game ‘paint job’ or overlay for
your items or character used in the game. A player can ‘skin’ his gun or
player via purchased or earned in-game reward. The rarity of these skins
make for great profit generation and return on investment. Prices range
from $0.01 to $100,000+. For CS:GO alone, players wagered $2.3 billion in
skins on the outcome of eSports matched in 2015. These profits are often
used to create massive prize pools for tournaments and gaming events
alike.
Valve, a company that owns both DOTA and CS:GO, announced that
generate $2.2 billion running these trades through their popular gaming
platform, Steam. eBoost as a company will pursue the item-trading
avenue. Trading in-game items is a huge section of the gaming
community that blockchain will adopt.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST

ESPORTS
DILEMA
eSports gamers and fans have been hindered in their ability to buy, sell
or transfer money related to any type of eSports tournaments, products
or services without a payment processing platform that works for the
entire eSport gaming space.
The lack of cohesion and no customized technological platform
designed specifically for the industry has caused an array of problems for
the life cycle of daily gamers. Payment systems such as Paypal,
international bank wires and even Western Union are all extremely
expensive. The traditional methods are slow and pricey and make for a
poor user experience for people playing or purchasing games and items.
With this poor structure users have developed low moral towards other
users and the gaming organizers themselves. Anger amongst users
causes individuals to become disenfranchised and stop participating in
daily gaming thus hurting the eSports gaming space overall.
The eBoost platform will bring all users together in harmony to provide a
safe & secure environment for transactions via eSports tournaments,
products & services.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST

BLOCKCHAIN
AND ESPORTS
Blockchain systems are often too slow to transfer due to so many brand
new, minted coins introduced daily on Bitcoin & Ethereum networks.
After yearly double digit growth, eSports gamers decided a platform
needed on the blockchain specific to eSports. The leading eSports
sponsors, organizers and players understood the massive potential
eSports & Blockchain has to offer the world. The eSports audience &
player pool continued to grow exponentially compounding the existing
problems. There needed to be a platform that would bring the
community together and solve these problems. It was collectively
decided that building a multi-pronged platform where gamers can
exchange payments within seconds, store their universal coin in a secure
wallet to solve the overall issues for the eSports experience. Users are
frustrated, but a long term solution to these nagging problems is here.
With eBoost, a viable cryptocurrency dedicated to eSports, one that is
scalable to the levels needed to satisfy the industry demands, we have
the answer.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST

ESPORTS
SOLUTION
The eBoost platform is built on a proprietary blockchain system for
eSports platforms offering end to end solutions using distributed ledger
and smart contracts, wallet and cryptocurrency. With the use of smart
contracts to support the growth of the relatively new eSports gaming
industry, our platform provides a safe & secure location for all things
eBoost, Blockchain & eSports.
EBST is growing so fast because it's far more reliable, transparent and an
advantageous means of payment in the eSports gaming industry. EBST is
a cryptocurrency that will continue to be used in the eSports gaming
space with many sites already signed up and currently using the coin,
including TradeCentral. eBoost's platform comes equipped with a highly
secure online wallet.
You can download the eBoost wallet for either Apple or Windows
devices to secure your coins and also send and receive EBST coins.
Wallet can be used for various reasons such as multiple reception
addresses, debugging solution, and quick transactions peer-to-peer. This
wallet provides everything and so much more to eSports gamers.
eBoost's very own currency for eSports is trading under the ticker EBST
and is one of the best methods of payment for eSports transactions.
eBoost has also sponsored tournaments by Mockit eSports and hosted
an array of other tournaments to further expand the user base and reach
critical mass economies of scale, as this infant marketplace grows in
double digits annually.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST

THE EBOOST
GAMEPLAN
EBST will be used frequently in the mobile gaming industry. Developing
mobile games and using the coin for in-game item trading across an
integrated network of games. This will create a whole new experience for
gamers, traders and mobile app developers to explore and enjoy. The
system will work by creating a price for limited in-game items that will
be bought and traded between players using eBoost tokens.
There are multiple marketplaces on PC and console platforms, but the
mobile industry has been untouched in this aspect of immersive
entertainment for the players. The first few games will be marketed
towards the eSports community for growth and development of the
technology. This will include simple yet competitive multiplayer games
built for EBST token implementation.
When a large audience is developed, the eBoost wallet will be in sync
with all games using the technology. The coin will be used on a wide
range of games for purchasing items, cosmetics and trading rare items
in-game. The goal is for the eBoost game development branch to create
a highly popular and competitive game where the coin is integrated for
prize pools and

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST

ESPORTS
STATS
The statistics below show previous and estimated global eSports revenue
from 2012 to 2021. During 2017, the market cap reached numbers
approaching $493 million. Estimates show the numbers are likely to
triple by 2020, reaching an impressive $1.65 Billion. eBoost will be
striving to be the main source of payment and trading in this industry.
The revenue of the industry in general has increased 40% each year,
factually making the eSports industry the fastest growing market in the
world. In 2016, calculations showed that 80% of the revenue came from
sponsorship and advertising. The other 20% was made up of eSports
betting, prize pools, tournaments, merchandise and ticket sales for
events. Currently, Asia and North America represent the largest eSports
markets worldwide with Europe following close behind.
Asia contributed an average of one quarter of the global esports market
revenue, boasting and inspiring $328 million in 2016. North America
generated $275 million with Europe amounting to 270 million. Despite
these statistics being impressive already for a non-mainstream industry,
the estimated growth is something that is catching the eyes of many
investors and traders worldwide. With eBoost at the front of the industry,
investors, traders and gamers will all use eBoost for their transactions,
prizes, endeavours.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST

ESPORTS
AUDIENCES

As shown, there are two main types of esports viewers. These consist of
eSports enthusiasts, those who are involved in the community, and
recreational viewers, those who watch the games for their leisure. In
2017, there were 143 million viewers watching eSports streamers, games
and events. This viewership interests sponsors worldwide. The number is
expected to reach 250 million viewers worldwide by 2021. With
viewership growing in all eSports, League of Legends is by far the leading
eSport with the highest number of registered players and a seemingly
unreachable 36 million audience members tuning in the watch in 2015.
This is created by fans and casual viewers tuning in to watch
tournaments with prize pools climbing as high as $20 million. One of the
most popular streaming platforms is Twitch.tv. Twitch, owned by
internet giant, Amazon, generates a monthly 140 million unique viewers,
as of January 2018. By 2021 that number is estimated to grow to 220
million. The Twitch user age group distribution indicated that the
majority of these users are ages 16 - 24, with some ages being as young
as 4, and as experienced as 60. With the industry growing so fast, there
are huge untold profits in many fields regarding eSports. That is why
implementing eBoost would be a great endeavor for these viewers to
spend money in games for advancements, but also to be used for stream
donations & subscriptions, buying the merchandise of your favorite team,
and many more.

Below is a chart of the growth of viewership among streaming giant
Twitch.tv

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST

UTILISING
VIEWERSHIP
There are many events around the world, regarding eSports. Boasting
many different viewers for each game. Despite asia dominating the
industry with their viewers, specific gaming events in the west, gain
much more attention than selected asian events. The Extreme Masters
Katowice event held in Poland on 2017, had 46 million unique viewers,
making it the most watched eSport event of all time. rivalling some
major physical sports events. eBoost being used as a prize for these kind
of events would be a lot easier to manage for these event holders. This
method of payment has already been used by esports players in the past
by clubs such as Mockit eSports. Feedback showed that the players
actually preferred being paid in eBoost rather than traditional methods
involving banking.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST

PAYING FOR
TUITION WITH
EBOOST
Not only is eBoost being used for Mobile gaming, but it is also planning
to be used for tuition fees in eSports academies. If possible, this will
begin in Sweden, a country whose government that backs both crypto as
well as eSports. With some tuition fees reaching totals of $30,000 in
courses, there is a lot of potential in using eBoost for this.
eBoost representatives will approach the swedish government with high
hopes of them adopting EBST in their academies. Sweden is known for
their public approval of crypto technology as well as eSports. This means,
asking the question of adopting EBST into their academies is perfectly
viable and achievable for eBoost.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST WHITE PAPER TECHNICAL STANDARDS

TECHNOLOGY
SPECS
We will start off this section, not with the usual introduction into
cryptocurrencies, but instead we will start with that is different with
eBoost from a technical perspective and how its intended use case
influenced the technology used in the coin. This section will assume the
reader has a strong technical background and is familiar with many
cryptocurrency projects and capabilities in this space.
eBoost Specifications
Coin characteristics
Status: Proof of Work (Premined)
Max Supply: 99,990,000
Algorithm: Scrypt
Mining Reward: Transaction Fees
Block Reward: 0
Block Rate: 3 Minute average
60 Block Retarget rate

Github: https://github.com/eBoostCrypto/eBoost
Build Instructions:
https://github.com/eBoostCrypto/eBoost/blob/master/doc/build-unix.txt

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST WHITE PAPER TECHNICAL STANDARDS

EBOOST
REQUIREMENTS
Careful attention was placed in creating eBoost with eSports in mind.
For a cryptocurrency to be successfully implemented in eSports it
needed to have specific features not readily available from most
cryptocurrencies.
Transaction fees for eBoost are very low. Trading coins between wallets
are minimal and zero fees for trading within a platform. An example of
zero fees is in the Discord platform where gamers can exchange EBST for
no fees.
Transaction speed for eBoost transfers between wallets are near
instantaneous.
Transaction confirmations due to 1 minute blocks, most trades are
confirmed within 3 minutes which is useful in many applications to
include in-game purchases, mobile games as well as over the counter
trading.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST WHITE PAPER TECHNICAL STANDARDS

TECHNICAL
FRAMEWORK
OVERVIEW
Github submission framework
3 steps to submit a pull request on GitHub
1. Create your own copy of the code repository by forking the original.
While logged in to GitHub and browsing the eBoost repository locate
and click the Fork button at the top right of the page. Your new personal
repository will be created.
At this point, you can make any modifications you wish and suggest
them to the parent repository you forked from. You can either clone the
new forked repository on your own computer or edit files through the
GitHub UI.
If you don't have a preferred Git UI tool but you do have Git installed, the
following command will clone the repository to a local directory:
git clone <repository>
2. Make changes to the required file on your new forked repository.
If you want to make simple changes to things like README files, you can
easily do this editing from GitHub's website. To do so, locate the file you
wish to edit and click on it to view it. Then, locate the top right pen icon
to edit the file right in the browser. Make any changes you wish, add a
commit message, and click Commit.
If you need to make modifications to files on a local cloned repository
then after you're done making changes, don't forget to commit the files:

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

git add .
git commit -m "a commit message"
and then push the changes to your remote repository on GitHub:
git push origin
3. Create a pull request to merge and incorporate your changes into the
original repository.
Creating a pull request allows upstream repositories (the original project
you forked from) to accept your suggestions for improvements and fixes.
To create a new pull request, simply locate the green button on your
repository project page called New pull request and you'll be presented
with the list of changes you've made on your personal forked repository.
On the top of the pull request, the base project is the upstream
repository which you forked from. The page will show full list of changes
to each file (a diff) which you can review. To proceed, click on the green
Create pull request button and confirm the title and description. Then
just submit it and you're done!
Your contribution will be sent to the eBoost project team.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

Technical a rchitecture has been divided into multiple layers to provide a
conceptual overview of the intended design.
P2P distributed storage system is comprised of two layers:
⦁ Data storage is based on LevelDB
⦁ Network layer operating on ports 5883 for interoperability between
applications and 5884 for P2P connectivity between nodes. Both ports
can be changed in the eboost.conf file of the daemon.
Block-chain Layer is an independent decentralized platform where
nodes can participate in the consensus of each block. Any node can be
added or removed without adverse effects on the block-chain.
Application Layer is comprised of APIs that support the transfer of coins
between wallet addresses to generate UTXOs. UTXO model was used to
provide Privacy protection and Network efficiencies. To understand
further about UTXO and the role they have in block-chain applications
go to http://earlz.net/view/2017/07/27/1820/what-is-a-utxo-and-how-doesit
Platforms / Integrations: With flexibility in mind, eBoost is being
developed and improved to provide interoperability between different
platforms. Imagine sending eBoost coins from Telegram to a game in
your PlayStation Console, or sending a friend overseas eBoost with your
mobile phone via their username.
Social Media: Integration with Discord, Telegram and/or other Webbased social media platforms will make eBoost easily accessible and the
preferred method for transferring value between users for no transaction
fee as long as transactions remain in the respective social media
platform.
between users for no transaction fee as long as transactions remain in
the respective social media platform.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST WHITE PAPER

DISTRIBUTION

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST WHITE PAPER

EBOOST
PARTNERS
Alaris - A new coin based around help devs create in-game UI to be used
across multiple games on PC and Console. This platform will be similar
to the eBoost mobile platform but with much higher fidelity and with VR
support. The partnership with this coin runs a promotion that for every 1
eBoost you have, you will receive 0.5 Alaris.
Xtrfy - Major technology company sponsoring many eSports clubs and
tournaments.
BCommerce- Creator of unbreakable coin operates dozens.
Mockit - Mockit eSports is a hugely successful online eSports platform
and home to many top 10 eSports teams. Competing in worldwide
events such as RLCS, Halo World Championships and The PUBG Pro
League.
Bitrex - Bitrex.com is the leading crypto currency exchange from eBoost,
BitCoin Ethereum and many more crypto currencies. The site is of the
500 most popular sites in the world. EBST token began trading on
Bittrex in september 2017 and trades six figures daily in transactions.
MOGS - MOGS formed in 2004 by a group of veteran MMO gamers to
help them elevate their skills to the next level. MOGS exists as an
independent company, operating all processes from central offices in
Ohio and continuing the philosophy it was built on; by gamers for
gamers.
Coinpayments.net - CoinPayments.net is a merchant gateway and
payment processor that allows to transfer of EBST tokens, you can also
make off chain transactions as well.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST

ROADMAP

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

THE EBOOST TEAM
CEO

NICHOLAS THOMAS

He continually provides business analysis
and implements marketing strategies that
keeps eBoost on a path of growth and
prosperity as the eSports industry grows.

Co-Founder
He is a crypto currency guru, longtime
bitcoin miner, founder of Mockit that is
taking eSports to a whole new level.
Marshall has creating countless successful
projects in cryptocurrency. Many of these
have helped the entire industry thrive on
many levels.

MARSHALL LONG

THE EBOOST TEAM
CTO

AHMED BODIWALA

Software engineering graduate,
cryptocurrency developer, been in crypto
since 2012. Has built various mining
pools, exchanges, airdrops and online
crypto facilities. Is leading all technology
surrounding eBoost.

COO
Has led many successful projects all over
the world in Crypto and eSports. Is the
overall director of eBoost, showing and
implementing the paths and vision to its
audience and traders.

CHRIS BAILLIE

THE EBOOST TEAM
Enterprise Integration

NIKHIL MITTAL

He is Marketing guy with responsibility for
marketing programs and moderating. He
entered in cryptocurrency world in 2015
which strengthened his passion to learn
blockchain fundamentals and for gaining
valuable relationships.

Graphics and Marketing
Currently a law student and has been
involved in the blockchain space since
(2015). He can speak 3 languages and is
on the Media and Marketing team at
eboost.

YAKUP KILIC

THE EBOOST TEAM
Marketing Analyst

PARTH PATEL

Currently pursuing a study in economics
and international relations. He has been a
passionate advocate of blockchain since
2016 and is on the Media and Marketing
team at eBoost.

Graphics and Marketing
Lead Social Media Director - Has a wide
background in eSports and social media
management. Is behind the media and
articles for eBoost and eSports news.

HAMILTON GILPIN

THE EBOOST ADVISORS
Advisor

SETH SHAPIRO

With a long list of awards and
certifications, Shapiro is a visionary taking
eBoost to the mainstream. He has
launched 30+ digital services and was the
mastermind behind NFL Sunday Ticket.

Advisor
He has developed several tokens built on
the blockchain. He built the eBoost wallet,
tokens on a proprietary blockchain
specific for online gamer needs. He now
leads a development team of over 11
engineers for eBoost and Alaris.

JIM BLASKO

THE EBOOST ADVISORS
Legal Advisor and International
Operations Manager
He has provided legal services for many of
the top crypto currencies, new ICOs and
business structures. He provides legal
counsel and strategy for eBoost to ensure
compliance & risk management.

Public Relations
A true pioneer in crypto currency
investments as well as an angel investor
in several bitcoin startups. He provide PR
and awareness for eBoost as the world
quickly becomes keen on eSports.

LION IRUKE

MICHAEL TERPIN

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST WHITE PAPER

THANK YOU
Thank you for your continued support of our coin. The new goals and
objectives of eBoost are set in motion and forward in a great direction,
getting the coin on a platform to solve many industry problems. With
new games being generated daily and new players gravitating to the
eSports field, the future for eSports and eBoost is very bright. A new
generation, hungry for entertainment, has found their fix and are
adapting and thriving in the crypto space. eSports, gaming and crypto
have a symbiotic relationship and eBoost aims to be the future of this
cohesion. From online eSports stores, to eSports tickets, in-game item
sales, and eSports schooling fees; The opportunity for eBoost, The
Trusted Gamer Coin, is endless, prosperous and revolutionary.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

EBOOST WHITE PAPER

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
References:
Nakamoto Satoshi (2008): Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer electronic cash system.
(http://www.bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf)
Earlz.net: What is a UTXO, and how does it work for a blockchain ledger?
(http://earlz.net/view/2017/07/27/1820/what-is-a-utxo-and-how-does-it)

Important Links & Support
eBoost Website: https://eboost.fun
Twitter: https://twitter.com/eBoostCoin
Telegram: https://t.me/eBoostCoinChat
Reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/eboost
Facebook: https://facebook.com/groups/148699212581496
Discord: http://discord.gg/QYXDBb8
GitHub: https://github.com/eBoostCrypto/eBoost

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

DISCLAIMER
This document is a technical whitepaper setting out the current and
future developments of the eBoost. This paper is for information
purposes only and is not a statement of future intent. Unless
expressly specified otherwise, the products and innovations set out
in this paper are currently under development and are not currently
in deployment. eBoost makes no warranties or representations as to
the successful development or implementation of such technologies
and innovations, or achievement of any other activities noted in the
paper, and disclaims any warranties implied by law or otherwise, to
the extent permitted by law. The EBST tokens are not intended to
constitute securities in any jurisdiction. This Whitepaper does not
constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not
intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for
investment in securities in any jurisdiction.
This Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion on
any advice to sell, or any solicitation of any offer by the
distributor/vendor of the EBST tokens (the “Distributor”) to purchase
any EBST tokens nor shall it or any part of it nor the fact of its
presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with,
any contract or investment decision.
No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal
commitment in relation to the sale and purchase of the EBST tokens
and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted
on the basis of this Whitepaper.
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the
information set out in this Whitepaper. No such action has been or
will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any
jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this
Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory
requirements or rules have been complied with.
This Whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be
taken or transmitted to any country where distribution or
dissemination of this Whitepaper is prohibited or restricted. No part
of this Whitepaper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated
without including this section.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

DISCLAIMER
Neither EBoost, the Distributor nor any other person represents,
warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results,
performance or achievements of EBoost will be as discussed in
those forward-looking statements. The actual results,
performance or achievements of EBoost may differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward looking statements.
Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon
as a promise, representation or undertaking as to the future
performance or policies of eBoost. Further, EBoost disclaim any
responsibility to update any of those forward looking statements
or publicly announce any revisions to those forward-looking
statements to reflect future developments, events or
circumstances, even if new information becomes available or
other events occur in the future.
This Whitepaper includes market and industry information and
forecasts that have been obtained from internal surveys, reports
and studies, where appropriate, as well as market research,
publicly available information and industry publications. Such
surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly available
information and publications generally state that the information
that they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be
reliable, but there can be no assurance as to the accuracy or
completeness of such included information. While EBoost have
taken reasonable actions to ensure that the information is
extracted accurately and in its proper context, EBoost have not
conducted any independent review of the information extracted
from third party sources, verified the accuracy or completeness
of such information or ascertained the underlying economic
assumptions relied upon therein. Consequently, neither EBoost,
the Distributor, nor their respective directors, executive officers
and employees acting on their behalf makes any representation
or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of such
information and shall not be obliged to provide any updates on
the same.

EBOOST WHITEPAPER

DISCLAIMER
No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be
business, legal, and financial or tax advice regarding EBoost, the
Distributor, the EBST tokens, the EBoost Initial Token Sale (each
as referred to in the Whitepaper). You should consult your own
legal, financial, tax or other professional adviser regarding EBoost
and its respective business and operations, the EBST tokens, the
EBoost Crowd Sale (as referred to in the Whitepaper). You should
be aware that you may be required to bear the financial risk of any
purchase of EBST tokens for an indefinite period of time.
The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part
thereof may be prohibited or restricted by the laws, regulatory
requirements and rules of any jurisdiction. In the case where any
restriction applies, you are to inform yourself about, and to
observe, any restrictions which are applicable to your possession
of this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be) at
your own expense and without liability to EBoost.

EBOOST.FUN

