Revolutionizing REAL ESTATE with Cryptocurrency.
Whitepaper

1|Page

Abstract
Ecoreal Estate Project- is a decentralized Platform for buying or selling real estate around the
world. It embodies a convenient and multifunctional tool for searching and acquiring property
(hereinafter – the «Platform», the «Project» or the «Ecoreal»).
Ecoreal Platform acts as a highly qualified intermediary between the seller (hereinafter – the
«Seller») and the buyer (hereinafter – the «Buyer») (together referred as «Participants or
Members») in the real estate market. Ecoreal is a source of information about unique, constantly
replenishing offers of the real estate market from around the world.
Ecoreal’s objective is to introduce cryptocurrencies into this overly regulated market to facilitate
transactions on a global scale. We plan on achieving this through utilization of the core principles
of the blockchain: fairness, Ecoreal Estate Token accessibility, transparency and trust.
This will allow us to operate in our clients’ best interest, essentially guaranteeing them an entry
into domestic markets that are traditionally restricted to foreign crypto market participants while
enabling them to contribute to the sustainable development of local communities.
We are creating a new model of economic relations in the real estate market. We believe,
Ecoreal’s next generation Platform will revolutionize and democratize property development
globally by facilitating participants of the Platform to capitalize on their cryptocurrency.
Marketplace
New technologies always bring new market opportunities. It is the best practices in the
development of decentralized applications that served as the basis for the creation of the Project.
Project provides Participants with the market opportunity, on the one side, to search the property
for the Buyers and, on the other side, for the Sellers to find appropriate purchasers for their
premises.
Thanks to blockchain technology, Project Participants can easily and unhinderedly execute
transactions with the real estate. At the same time, confidentiality and data protection are ensured
by the blockchain technology used in the Project. The Project is stable and constantly developing,
this contributes to the gradual improvement of the Project services and ensuring its further
comfortable use.
Key features of the system:
1. Search
The selection of a promising premises for further transactions is the first task that we strive
to resolve. Any Participant of the Platform will be able to choose a suitable property for
herself.
2. Obtaining information about contractors
3. Settlement system
If we talk about transnational settlements, the issue of the availability of convenient and reliable
payment instruments is especially acute. Inflation, the ratio of exchange rates and domestic
regulators only exacerbate the problem.
Bitcoin experience and blockchain technology have already proven that they can help with the
solution of this problem. Currently, there are more than 1,500 digital currencies with their
advantages and disadvantages.

2|Page

Ecoreal includes its own payment unit - Ecoreal Estate Token within the Marketplace.
Participants of the Marketplace
1. Founders (hereinafter also - the «Organizers»)
2. They service the system, ensure its functioning and operability, and monitor the security
of the system.
3. Buyers
4. An individual or legal entity participating in the Project with the aim of gaining access to
offers on the real estate market and purchasing the property.
5. Sellers
An organization or individual engaged in real estate assignment.
The Platform rules do not contain any restrictions related to the geographical location for the
Buyers or Sellers. Consequently, transactions can be carried out through Ecoreal Estate Token
from anywhere in the world.
Project prerequisites
Today, the real estate market provides great opportunities for improving and implementing
blockchain technology. The prerequisites for the creation of the Project are numerous real estate
problems. Currently, the following core problems exist in the market:
•
•
•

Real estate regulations are prohibitive and limit the potential pool of market participants;
Lack of participants on the market and lack of access to information about real estate;
Lack of efficient tools for the search of Sellers and Buyers.

One of the biggest differentiators between real estate and other major asset classes is liquidity.
Real estate markets are not as organized or efficient as other markets, which results in slow
transaction times and less efficient price discovery mechanisms.
The Project is aimed at high-quality resolution of certain problems existing in the real estate
markets:
1. The Platform allows each Member to unhindered access to Projects up to date information
on the real estate market.
2. The Platform interface is very convenient to use. It allows each Participant to find quickly
the property she is interested in.
3. Thanks to blockchain technology, all data entered and used by the Participants is carefully
protected from illegal use by third parties. We create a 100% secure database with a
distributed registry, where each transaction is encrypted and private. No one, except for
the Participants to a 2-way interaction has access to the information.
4. The Platform has no territorial restrictions. Thanks to this, Participants can easily carry out
transactions from anywhere in the world.
5. Confidentiality. We will create a 100% secure database with a distributed registry.
Traditional vs. Crypto
The traditional real estate market channels offer a certain degree of stability, but they are slow,
expensive and cumbersome. With so much crypto capital waiting to be distributed in the real
estate market, it is becoming clear that people need a safe, quick and functional alternative to
allow for greater diversification across the market.

3|Page

Solution
By leveraging our industry expertise, the power of blockchain and the potential of the seamless
integration of cryptocurrency markets, Ecoreal provides a safe, transparent and secure venue for
cryptocurrency holders of Ecoreal Token to diversify their opportunities.
Ecoreal Platform is a protocol for:
1. Establishment of high-quality economic interaction between the real estate market
participants;
2. Exchange of data and information between Platform Participants;
3. Making secure transactions from anywhere in the world;
4. Empowerment of Participants interested in the development and earnings in the real
estate market.
The advantages of the Platform are:
1.
2.
3.
4.

Availability;
High performance;
Continuous development and improvement;
Functioning based on blockchain technology.

Ecoreal Organization
The Organizers of the Platform are constantly looking for new solutions to improve the Project. In
addition, many resources are used daily to ensure the functioning of the Platform. The Organizers
receive a fixed percentage of each completed, through the Platform, transaction or transaction.
It can be concluded that the percentage charged by the Organizers of the Platform for each
transaction or transaction is a specific fee for the right to use the Platform.
Platform`s work
All operations with Ecoreal Estate Token are carried out by Members exclusively within the
Platform. This is necessary to ensure the security and transparency of transactions, as well as
the fight against crime and corruption.
Any actions of Members and Sellers are governed by the rules of the Platform.
So, the interaction of the parties on the basis of the Platform is carried out through Ecoreal Estate
Token. The Platform token acts as a unit of exchange.
Our Goal
Ecoreal brings a revolutionary way for people to get access to transactions opportunities using
blockchain technology to allow for the fast, efficient and secure transfer of funds. By combining
the potential with the borderless transaction capabilities of cryptocurrencies we want to build an
authentic and genuine marketplace experience for the Sellers and Buyers that caters to the
modern lifestyle.
Token Description
The Ecoreal Estate Token represents the internal points of the marketplace ecosystem in which
Participants may undertake transactions.

4|Page

Ecoreal Estate Token (hereinafter – the «Token») does not serve as an official mean of payment
outside the Platform`s marketplace. The Token bears only the function of internal unit of exchange
between the Participants acting within the Marketplace.
ECOREAL Token Parameters
Token:
Name:
ECOREAL TOKEN issued
ECOREAL for this Project:
Token shortcut:
Project Protocol:

Global Token
Ecoreal Estate Token
1,000,000,000 ECOREAL
125,000,000 ECOREAL
ECOREAL
ERC20

Project Token Value
The value of the Token is ensured by a constant influx of funds received due to the activity of
Participants within the Project and the emergence of new Participants.
No Mining
ECOREAL Tokens are not mineable.
Financial model
The economic model of Ecoreal Estate Token is built on transactions made between Project
Participants.
The Ecoreal Project aims at creating the strong and reliable relationships between trusted
Members and that of in prospective. So, the Platform allows the Participant from anywhere in the
world to obtain free access to real estate market offers and the subsequent support of transactions
by the Platform within our Marketplace.
Through Ecoreal Estate Token, Project Participants can freely make transactions with trusted
Sellers, study real estate market offers, and receive extensive data on any Project registered in
the Project.
Ecoreal Estate Token turnover scenario:
1. The Platform Participants purchase Ecoreal Estate Token internally;
2. Platform Tokens are spent internally in the system for: buying / renting / verification of
counterparties;
3. Sellers provide their services in exchange for Project Tokens.
Blockchain overview and benefits
The main benefit for the adoption of crypto payments in the traditional real estate market are:
1. Speed processing. In many countries, real estate development can take more than a
month. Where the purchase involves KYC and traditional loan application, this period can
extend to several months. These timelines exclude the buyer’s search for an asset on the
market.
2. It takes extended periods to finalize transactions because of the processes involved in
collecting, verifying and authenticating documentations from different databases.

5|Page

3. Cut costs. In making real estate transactions transparent and fast, transactions on the
blockchain can also reduce the costs involved. This is possible through the elimination of
third-party services used by traditional financial institutions.
4. Reduced fraud. Even with a long and cumbersome processes of verification, fraud is a
common problem in the real estate market. Acts of fraud are committed by purchasers,
sellers, developers, and even financing agents.
Ultimately, Ecoreal will facilitate the capitalization of the vast cryptocurrency wealth by introducing
it into an already existing and fully developed business model, thus enabling quicker, safer
transfer of capital oversees in tangible assets in a high ROI market.
Our innovative model will allow for the democratization of the uses of cryptocurrency, taking it out
of the blockchain and facilitating its integration with existing, high valuation markets. By taking
blockchain’s underlying technology and moving it into the ‘real world’, Ecoreal is allowing for the
movement of money through the blockchain to make it more mainstream.
What is more, Ecoreal increases liquidity and control of wealth transfer for the benefit of local and
international communities.
Risk factors
Participation in the Project involves certain risks. Prospective Participants should carefully
consider, with their own independent financial and other professional advisors, the following risk
factors considerations, as well as all the other information contained in this White Paper before
deciding to acquire Ecoreal Estate Tokens. Prospective Participants shall ensure that they fully
understand the nature of the Ecoreal Estate Token as well as the extent of their exposure to risks
associated with an participation in the Project. The risk factors set out below represents a
summary of the principal risks associated with participation in the Project:
Property market may experience a possible downturn
This lack of liquidity may affect the ability of the Participants to dispose of or acquire properties in
a timely fashion and at satisfactory prices in response to changes in economic, real estate market
or other conditions. While the Founders of the Project monitors and updates its strategy to reflect
market conditions, the current economic conditions could materially and adversely affect the
ability of the Sellers to dispose of the properties.
The Founders of the Platform may not identify all risks and liabilities
Whilst the management of the Platform have large amount of experience in the property
acquisition and development industry there can be no guarantee that they estimated all the risks
and possess all the skills necessary in order to carry out the strategies of the of the Platform.
Risk to changes in regulation
The Founder will be under a duty to comply with any new rules, regulations and laws applicable
to real estate market, including changes to planning laws and environmental factors. Approvals,
licences and permits are, as a practical matter, subject to the discretion of the applicable
governments or governmental offices. The Founder must comply with existing standards, laws
and regulations that may entail greater or lesser costs and delays, depending on the nature of the
activity to be permitted and the permitting authority.
New laws and regulations could have a material adverse impact on the Founder’s results of
operations and financial condition. The Founder’s intended activities will be dependent upon the
6|Page

grant and maintenance of appropriate licences, leases, permits and regulatory consents which
could subsequently be withdrawn or made subject to limitations. There can be no assurance that
they will be granted, renewed or, if so, on what terms.
Operational risk
Operational risk and losses can result from external and internal failures or inadequacies, failure
to comply with regulatory requirements and conduct of business rules, natural disasters or the
failure of external systems, for example, those of the Issuer’s contractual counterparties. Terrorist
acts, other acts of war or hostility and geopolitical, pandemic or other such events may result in
economic and political uncertainties which could have a material adverse effect on local and
international economic conditions and more specifically on the Founder’s results of operations,
financial condition or prospects.
Dependence on key personnel
The Founder’s future performance and success is substantially dependent on the continued
services and continuing contributions of its Directors and senior management. Although the
Founder has contractual arrangements to secure the services of the Directors, the retention of
these services cannot be guaranteed. The loss of the services of any of the Founder’s executive
officers or senior management could have a material adverse effect on the Founder’s business.
The Founder’s future success will also depend on its ability to attract and retain additional suitably
qualified and experienced employees. There can be no guarantee that the Founder will be able
to attract and retain such employees, and failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on
the financial condition, results or operations of the Founder.
Overseas taxation
The Founder may be subject to taxes under the tax rules of the jurisdictions with whom it interacts.
Although the Founder will endeavour to minimise any such taxes this may affect the performance
of the business which may affect the Founder’s ability to provide returns to token holders.
Changes in tax legislation or practice
Statements in this document concerning the taxation of Ecoreal Estate Token holders or the
Founderare based on International tax law and practice as at the date of this document. Any
changes to the tax status of the Founder or to tax legislation or practice (in jurisdictions in which
the Founder acts), could affect the Projects.
Risk of damage to reputation and negative publicity
The Founder’s ability to retain existing management contracts and client relationships and to
attract new business is dependent on the maintenance of its reputation. The Founder is vulnerable
to adverse market perception as it operates in an industry where a high level of integrity and client
trust is of paramount importance. Any perceived, actual or alleged mismanagement, fraud or
failure to satisfy the Founder’s responsibilities, or the negative publicity resulting from such
activities or the allegation by a third party of such activities (whether well founded or not)
associated with the Founder, could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition,
results or operations of the Founder.
Litigation
Legal proceedings may arise from time to time in the course of the Founder’s businesses. The
Directors cannot preclude that litigation may be brought against the Founder and that such
7|Page

litigation could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Participants of the
Project.
Team
Ahmed Muhammad Bu Khammas:
With a vast experience of over 30 years in various industries, he is the eldest son of one of the
pioneer and well-known Khammas family in Dubai, UAE. They are entrepreneurs in contribution
and growth of the country for nearly two centuries in the diversified sectors of Pharmaceuticals,
Contracting, Manufacturing, FMCG, Real estate, Trading, Health care, Hotels and Media.
Ahmed is the award recipient from MEERAS with whom he is directly associated with. He has
successfully closed several blue-chip assets in the MENA region.
Syed Ahmed:
Cumulative experience of over 28 years in various fields of entrepreneurship, commodities
trading, and business consultancy. In depth knowledge and skills in Management, Financial
controlling, Marketing, real estate investment / development; and other growth / profit generating
business. Well connected with the royal private offices in the MENA region in addition to some of
the most successful companies owned by reputable families in the gulf. Direct access to
government and private offices in India and can bridge relationships.
Manoj Kumar Jain:
By profession a Charted Accountant with an experience of 35 years. Founding team member of
a television news channel. Owned and operated a factory of plastic consumer durables and a
trader of nonferrous metals. Has experience of 20 plus years in the real estate industry alongside
his professional career. He has successfully developed and sold several commercial and
residential assets. Has direct access to Pan India distressed real estate.
Dr. Lakshmi Rayalu
is a Medical graduate from Armed Forces Medical College (AFMC) Pune, India and is licensed
as a physician and surgeon in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, California, USA and pan India to
operate medical equipment in gynecological and urological procedures. As a senior Gynecologist
having worked in the United States for over 35 years and performed over 5000 major surgeries
and as a consultant in OB GYN, she brings in knowledge, expertise, experience, and a full team
of highly trained doctors and nurses in specialized fields. She was the Chief Resident and
Registrar of Leicester Hospital, UK. And House Sunderland General Hospital, UK.
Bharath Nandam
is a serial entrepreneur. He has got more than 10 years of Entrepreneurial Experience and trusts
in Evangelistic Entrepreneurship approach. He holds a bachelor's degree in Electrical
Engineering from JNTU-H and a fellowship program in Viral Marketing and crafting contagious
content from Wharton school of business, Pennsylvania, USA with an ongoing Master's in
Business Law.
He sold his first startup when he was 24yrs old and successfully took an exit and now run a Digital
advertising agency called "Think Plus Creatives". With a strong belief in 1+1>2 and a passion for
Entrepreneurship with interest in public speaking, he strives to achieve his goal in the advertising
industry to disrupt the digital marketing industry with a unique approach.

8|Page

He also heads a team of 45 professionals who are from app development, block chain technology,
media content, digital advertising and product promotion.
Secured
Funders should note that the Ecoreal Estate Tokens, even being owners of the asset, might, as
owners, rank equally or behind with any debts of the Project or the issuer. There is hard guarantee
that the Founder will be able to pay them.
Denial of responsibility
This document is provided to the recipient for informational purposes only.
For the avoidance of doubt, this Whitepaper and any material in this document that may not be
exhaustive does not imply any contractual relationship or obligation of any kind.
Some of the statements, estimates and financial information contained in this document may be
forward-looking statements or information. Such forecasts involve known and unknown risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially.
The recipient of this Whitepaper agrees that Ecoreal is not liable for any direct or indirect loss
resulting from any action or decision taken based on the information contained in this document.
Final Provisions
This white paper is available in several languages. The information contained herein may from
time to time be translated into other languages or used in the process of written or oral
communication with potential Ecoreal Estate Token holders. During such translation or editing,
part of the information contained in this document may be lost, damaged or distorted.
The accuracy of such alternative versions of Whitepaper cannot be guaranteed. In the event of a
conflict between the original version of Whitepaper in English and its alternative versions in other
languages, the English version of Whitepaper shall prevail.
The Founder and Founders of a Token
TaHa Limited
Registration Number: IC/2811/10 RAKFTZ, UAE
LEI:25490038431V6IB49A17
VAT (TRN): 100261184400003
Suite 1, Al Harti Building
Al Mina Road, Bur Dubai
P.O. Box 116168 Dubai,
United Arab Emirates.

9|Page

