Brief
Our vision:
“Bring 200,000 Developers and 1 Billion HTML5 Devices to The Blockchain World.”

As a cross-platform solution, HTML5 technology has been globally recognized. It
covers the Internet, mobile games, video, advertising and other industries, with the
global market size of hundreds of billions dollars.
After blockchain game CryptoKitties became popular, Ethereum's smart contract
applications added a new member - HTML5 games.
This project cooperating with Egret Technology, a globally well-known HTML5
technology service provider, set up Egretia Blockchain Lab, combining blockchain
with HTML5 technology to create the world’s first HTML5 blockchain engine and
platform, aiming for applying blockchain to vertical industries. Bringing Egret
Technology's existing 200,000 developers and 1 billion mobile terminal devices into
the blockchain world, this project has practical and far-reaching significance.

Table of Contents
Background
1.1 Introduction to HTML5

5

1.2 Blockchain Industry Background

7

Our Vision
2.1 World's First HTML5 Blockchain Engine and Platform

9

2.2 Building a Decentralized HTML5 User Ecosystem

10

2.3 Creating an Ecosystem With True Token Circulation

11

HTML5 Blockchain Engine and Platform
3.1 Key Products and Services

14

3.2 Egretia Features

16

3.3 Egretia Core Product Architecture

20

3.4 Egretia DApp Case

28

Team and Partners
4.1 About Egret Blockchain Lab

31

4.2 About Egret Technology

31

4.3 Lab Core Members

34

4.4 Advisors

35

Roadmap and Milestone

Chapter 1
Background
1.1 Introduction to HTML5
1.2 Blockchain Industry Background

!4

Background
1.1 Introduction to HTML5
In recent years, after many hardware upgrades and rapid development of Internet
technology, some bottlenecks (such as performance, traffic and compatibility) that
previously limited the operation of HTML5 games have now been eliminated. Due to
the cross-platform nature of HTML5, this technology is widely used in games,
marketing, video, media, etc. Using the power of mobile social networking, HTML5
content has been widely disseminated in mobile apps and created entirely new
business models.

From their perspective, and due to the rapid pace of their lives and work, users
would like to make use of "fragmented time" at each leisure opportunity and
enjoy relaxation and entertainment. In terms of app operators, a new model is
expected to enhance user stickiness, gaining more traffic.
Click-and-play, viral transmission, user stickiness, these characteristics of an
HTML5 game make it a perfect fit for the current market demands.
Currently, users of HTML5 games already account for 47% of all mobile game
users. In terms of the business model, in-game payment, instead of advertising,
has become the main source of revenue accounting for 68%. Combined, HTML5
games already have an independent commercial profitability. In 2017, the market
size of HTML5 games in China exceeded 10 billion Yuan and showed a growing
trend. After more than four years of evolution and development, HTML5 games

!5

have witnessed huge improvements related to business models, user numbers,
and market size.
The domestic revenue of high-quality HTML5 games, has reached 200 million
Yuan.
HTML5 technology has been globally recognized as a cross-platform and crossterminal solution. It covers the Internet, mobile game, video, advertising and
other industries, with a global market opportunity of 100 billion dollars.

7UHQG
Due to the advantages of HTML5 technology, an increasing number of wellknown enterprises have adopted this technology:
• Google launched PWA, advocating Android Instant Apps based on HTML5
technology.
• Baidu promoted "light-weight apps" based on HTML5 technology.
• Facebook released Instant Games based on HTML5 technology in Messenger
with more than 1 billion daily active users, and opened its advertising and
payment service for Instant Games at the end of 2017.
• In January 2018, Tencent WeChat released a series of mini-games, some of
those games gaining over 100 million daily active users.
Overall, HTML5 has become one of the global Internet technology trends.

3DLQ3RLQWV
Despite the rapid development of HTML5 industry, there still remain many pain
points:
• Lack of a global, unified and secure payment platform;
• Lack of solutions to securely store virtual assets of users;
• Lack of mechanisms to ensure “fairness” in games;

!6

• Lack of solutions to rapidly respond to distributed back-end communications;
• Lack of mechanisms to effectively protect the intellectual property of HTML5
products;
• Need for effective mechanisms to motivate good teams to develop high-quality
games and apps;
• Need for diversified approaches to monetize internet traffic.

1.2 Blockchain Industry Background
In recent years, blockchain technology has gradually been understood and applied to
related projects; advantages and disadvantages of the blockchain itself have become
increasingly obvious.
Advantages:
• Distributed ledger mechanism: safe, transparent and tamper-resistant;
• Turing-complete smart contracts: fair-and-square;
• Decentralized data storage combined with smart contracts: responsive and
reliable;
• Token system, unified payment and settlement.
Disadvantages:
• Poor development, testing, and upgrade process;
• Poor development tools and a small development community;
• User inconveniences, costs of learning are high;
• Security issues of accounts and wallets.

We joined hands with Egret Technology to create Egretia Blockchain Lab. By
combining blockchain technology with proven HTML5 workflows, developers will be
able to rapidly develop blockchain applications and truly apply blockchain to the
vertical industries.

!7

Chapter 2
Our Mission
2.1 World’s First HTML5 Engine and Platform
2.2 Building a Decentralized HTML5 User Ecosystem
2.3 Creating an Ecosystem With True Token Circulation

!8

Our Vision
“Bring 200,000 Developers and 1 Billion HTML5 Devices to The Blockchain World.”

2.1 World's First HTML5 Blockchain Engine and Platform
In partnership with Egret Technology, the global leader in the HTML5 industry, we
are committed to building the world's first HTML5 blockchain engine and platform,
combining blockchain technology with proven tools, communities and content of our
partners, aiming to bring 200,000 developers and 1 billion mobile devices into the
blockchain world.
User Ecosystem:
• The content powered by Egret Engine has reached hundreds of millions of users.
For every user, we will create a unique passport with digital encryption.
• We will provide users with a low-threshold, high-security digital wallet, serving as
a safe payment platform for all HTML5 blockchain applications.
• We will create a digital token that circulates in HTML5 projects all over the world:
Egreten.
• We will build an effective, sustainable ecosystem for users.
Technical Aspects:
• Modularizing blockchain functions, integrating them into the Egret Engine and its
front-end development tools, will contribute to directly reach more than 200,000
developers. Integrating the Egreten token into hundreds of thousands of games
and applications, will help to directly reach more than 1 billion users worldwide.
• Integrating blockchain technology into the backend service logic, using node
servers around the world will provide HTML5 products with fast communication
solutions and trusted smart contract server logic.
• We will create a complete development suite, documentation and development
community, to provide a most complete and convenient developer ecosystem.

!9

Operational Aspects :
• Through the existing Egret game platform with 40 million monthly active
users, we already have a professional global team of game and app
distributors. They are

operating the content and have integrated our token

payment system. They are, thus, ensuring a global circulation of Egreten.
• Together with strategic partners such as Facebook and Google, we have a
well-established advertising platform to promote Egreten-based games and
products.

2.2 Building a Decentralized HTML5 User Ecosystem
Powered by the Egret Engine, HTML5 content has over 75% marketing
penetration in the HTML5 industry, covering more than 1 billion mobile devices
and users.
We will combine the Egretia blockchain with Egret HTML5 workflows. Using a
token mechanism, every player will have a unique ID in games powered by the
Egret Engine. This will build a solid foundation for a stable user ecosystem.
• Every user worldwide has a unique token passport in any game or application
which is developed based on the Egretia blockchain.
• The token's anonymity and encryption mechanism effectively guarantees a
user’s privacy.
• Using unique, anonymous, secure tags, a user’s identity is not limited to one
application or one game. By using a unique, virtual identity, every user can
enjoy a life in the virtual, Egretia-based world.
• Due to the blockchain’s transparency and irreversibility, as well as each user’s
unique passport, available throughout the content system built by Egretia, we
can accurately portray users and construct a credit system. Users can also
safely communicate with other users around the world in Egretia, making
friends, exchanging virtual assets, etc.

!10

2.3 Creating an Ecosystem With True Token Circulation
Based on the user ecosystem of Egretia, we are devoted to forging a new digital
token that can be used in all content powered by the Egret Engine: Egreten.
• Developers will use well-established tools + SDKs to quickly develop products
that will use the Egreten token as payment.
• Users can use Egreten to buy in-game items, pay for content, etc.
• Users can use Egreten to take part in lotteries, discounts, and other promotions
on Egretia across the world.
• Users can get Egreten as reward through participating in crowdfunding of
games on Egretia.
• Developers and content publishers can use Egreten to advertise on the Egretia
advertising platform.
• Distributors can get Egreten through content distribution, advertising, etc.
• An Egreten digital wallet is created based on user's unique token passport, in
order to guarantee safe storage of user's virtual assets, goods, crowdfunding
rewards, platform rewards, etc.

!11

Throughout the ecosystem, more than 200,000 developers worldwide can use the
Egretia Blockchain SDK to rapidly develop HTML5 blockchain games and
applications. This will increase the reach of the digital Egreten token to over a billion
users, the token will be circulating in all areas of HTML5 content, virtual goods
platforms, advertising platforms, and communities.
ҁ

represents the flow of tokens ҂

!12

$IBQUFS

)5.-#MPDLDIBJO&OHJOF1MBUGPSN
,FZ1SPEVDUTBOE4FSWJDFT
&HSFUJB'FBUVSFT

&HSFUJB$PSF1SPEVDU"SDIJUFDUVSF
&HSFUJB%"QQ$BTF

!13

HTML5 Blockchain Engine and Platform
3.1 Key Products and Services

The World's First HTML5 Blockchain Game Development Workflow
Egret Technology, our strategic partner, spent four years focusing on HTML5
workflow development. The workflow includes 14 products such as the engine
itself, an IDE visual editor, animation tools, cross-platform packaging tools, etc.
All tools are cross-platform and support both Windows and Mac.

Egret Project

For more information, please visit our partner's website : https://www.egret.com/
products/
Existing development workflows allow developers and designers to:
• Efficiently edit and debug code,
• Visually adjust UI interface,
• Easily create cross-platform animations and interactive media content,
• Publish HTML5 content as iOS or Android apps via the packaging tool.
We will use the existing development suite to tightly integrate the blockchain
interface layer, such that all HTML5 games can easily support the blockchain.

!14

Through the proven development workflows, developers can quickly create HTML5
games and applications that provide blockchain features such as unified digital wallet
passports, smart contracts, and transactions.

The World's Largest HTML5 Blockchain Platform: Egretia
The platform includes a development workflow based on blockchain technology, four
core products and an incubator, providing comprehensive blockchain solutions and
services for players, content providers, channels and advertisers, and building a
perfect ecosystem.
Not only can developers create blockchain applications quickly with Egretia
development suite, but they will also get complete service through the platform,
such as game distribution, advertising, trading, storage, and communication service.

Egretia Blockchain Platform Architecture

Blockchain Game Dev Workflow: The world's first complete HTML5 blockchain
engine and development kit, will give developers the power to quickly and efficiently
develop blockchain games and applications.
Distributed Communications and Storage Platform : The platform will
leverage the blockchain’s node mode, providing decentralized data communications
and storage solutions.
!15

Game Distribution Platform : This platform is our official Egretia DApp: Players
can get Egreten through the app, play HTML5 games on this platform, make
payments via Egreten. Using the Proof-of-Game (POG) mechanism, players can get
Egreten rewards by playing or sharing games with friends.
Virtual Goods Trading Platform : Using Egreten, all players in Egretia games can
trade their virtual goods on this platform.
Egretia Ad Platforms : A precision advertising system, based on blockchain KYC
principles, smart contracts, and platform digital tokens.
Egretia Incubator : Our incubator supports game development teams and
individuals, creating a bridge between players and developers.

3.2 Egretia Features

6HOIGHYHORSHG3XEOLF&KDLQ
We will provide Egretia, a self-developed, efficient public chain based on the DPoS
(Delegated Proof of Stake) consensus mechanism, aiming at optimizing HTML5
game performance. Through the blockchain interface layer, in combination with the
Egret engine tools, developers can quickly create blockchain-based DApps.

&RQVHQVXV0HFKDQLVPV
The Egretia public chain will be using a DPoS (Delegated Proof of Stake) as
consensus mechanism.
The DPoS mechanism is similar to a board vote, where holders of coins cast a
certain number of nodes, using the mechanism for verification and bookkeeping.
DPoS can significantly reduce the number of participating nodes for verification
and bookkeeping, it will be able to achieve consensus verification in a second.
The stability of DPoS mechanism has been verified in BTS, EOS and other projects.

!16

+LJKSHUIRUPDQFH
Egretia is a public chain with high concurrent processing power, where performance
is optimized for the needs of the game industry. It has a fast TPS (Transaction Per
Second) rate. Nonetheless, in blockchain technology, an "impossible triangle" exists,
meaning that scalability, decentralization, and security cannot be achieved at the
same time.
Using a DPoS mechanism to greatly increase scalability, more than 2000 transactions
per second could be supported in the initial test chain. In the future, we will increase
the TPS according to business needs.

5HDOWLPH3DUDPHWHU$GMXVWPHQW
Egretia can modify system parameters without bifurcation: Instead, Egretia will be
able to change blocktime, blocksize, transaction fee etc. via voting.
Egretia can modify the system parameters without bifurcation: Instead, Egretia will
be able to realize a dynamic adjustment of parameters such as blocksize, output
speed, and handling fee through voting method based on consensus.
For example: A current blocktime of 3 seconds, can be dynamically adjusted to 1
second; or a current blocksize of 2M, can be dynamically adjusted to create larger
blocks, such as 8M.

&RQYHQLHQWDQG(ƋFLHQW'HYHORSPHQW6XLWH
The proven tools of Egret lays a solid foundation for the Egretia blockchain project,
making blockchain application development simple, convenient and efficient.

Support Mainstream Languages and Frameworks
The development suite integrates the support for JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML, CSS,
Node.js, through the extensions, it can easily support more languages and
frameworks, such as C #, Go, C++, AngularJS, React and so on.

!17

Smart Coding Assistance
Smart Coding Assistance will provide major languages with intelligent code
completion, real-time error feedback, reference search, jump to definitions, and
other functions, to help developers more quickly program.
Built-in Complete Game Development Workflow
Integration of visual game development environment; covering the entire
development process (developing, debugging, publishing, packaging); in addition,
resource management, particle editing, animation editing, cloud publishing and other
extensions are available, thus making the experience of developing games friendlier
and smoother.

The interfaces of Egret Wing IDE and DragonBones animation tool

(JUHWLD6'.
We will offer the Egretia blockchain SDK with engine and tools, which will allow all
HTML5 games to easily access the blockchain. Developers can quickly create HTML5
games and applications that provide blockchain capabilities such as digital wallet,
smart contracts, etc.
• Accessing the blockchain through a few lines of code,
• Storing user’s key information on the blockchain with KYC (Know Your Customer)
certification,
• Providing data storage, data communication and authentication services,
• Easy access to digital wallet and create smart contract,
• Using digital token SDK for game's virtual goods trading.

!18

'LJLWDO7RNHQ(JUHWHQ
The global gaming market size in 2017 is over 100 billion dollars, but there isn't a
way to connect different games, each game is connected to its own independent
economy.
Egretia will provide a digital token: Egreten. Developers can easily combine Egreten
with their own games, and players can safely and efficiently conduct virtual goods
trading.

:DOOHW
Both game developers and gamers will be able to manage Egreten digital tokens
through their wallets. We provide users with a low-threshold, high-security digital
wallet, making Egretia a safe payment platform for all HTML5 blockchain
applications. Currently, PC, mobile, and browser versions of the wallet are being
developed.

6FDODELOLW\6XSSRUWLQJ0DLQVWUHDP3XEOLF&KDLQV
From a long-term view, the framework of blockchain we will be providing, will not
only supports our own Egretia chain, but will also be extended to support Ethereum,
EOS and other public chains, so that all HTML5 developers can efficiently create
blockchain-based games and applications.

2SHQ6RXUFH
All Egretia-related code will be completely open source on Github.

!19

3.3 Egretia Core Product Architecture

+70/%ORFNFKDLQ(QJLQH
The content powered by Egret Engine accounts for 75% of the HTML5 market in
China, with more than 200,000 developers worldwide.
The Egret Engine will provide the Egretia BaaS SDK, which will allow easy access to
blockchain for all Egret games. Through the Egretia BaaS SDK, developers can
create blockchain games or migrate existing Egret games to blockchain games in an
easy way.

HTML5 Blockchain Engine Architecture

As shown above in the diagram, the bottom part represents the Egret Engine. Using
the Egret IDE tool “Wing”, developers can quickly develop HTML5 games. As long as
developers add the Egretia BaaS SDK while creating a new project, blockchainrelated APIs will be easily accessible.

!20

The Egretia BaaS SDK and the included APIs are as follows:

Egretia Game API
With blockchain popularity rapidly increasing, many developers are eager to
“blockchain-ize” their games. However, as a matter of fact, blockchain technology is
fairly complicated. At the same time, not all developers have sufficient time to fully
leverage the underlying technology. The Egretia Game API is a solution through
which developers can get easy access to blockchain.
Through the Egretia Game API, HTML5 games can be “blockchain-ized” with just a
few lines of code. As you can see from the image above, by adding the Egretia BaaS
SDK into games, and then calling the API interface in accordance with official
documentation tutorials, developers will be able to combine HTML5 games with
blockchain technology.

KYC Certification
With the help of KYC (Know Your Customer) information, user information is
encrypted and stored on the blockchain. Due to the blockchain’s anonymity and
traceability, it is safe and reliable to store user information to Egretia. Using the KYC
blockchain ID, users will only have to sign up once for all games built by HTML5
Blockchain Engine.

Egretia Data API
The game industry has been criticized because of opaque data, some developers
control the falling probability of virtual goods in order to increase their revenue.
Although the entire industry has put a lot of effort into solving the problem, for
example, a group of developers has made public the falling probability of virtual
goods, game players still feel skeptical about game developers.
Through the Egretia Data API, developers can store the core data logic of games
and applications in Egretia, thus realizing data storage account disclosure and
process verification: this is making the data open, fair, and transparent.

!21

For example, game developers write the core data logic, game transaction
information, and game equipment values onto the blockchain, so that players can
view the game numerical information at any time. This helps solving the mutual trust
problem between game developers and players.

Egreten API
As the API for the Egretia digital token ecosystem, virtual in-game items can be
placed on the trading platform.

(JUHWLD5XQWLPH
Egret Runtime is an accelerator component developed by Egret team to enhance the
HTML5 game performance and can be embedded as a seamless extension into a
browser or other applications on mobile devices. By using Egret Runtime, game
developers can ignore the differences between diverse operating systems, browsers,
and terminals so that HTML5 games can run more efficiently with amazing
performance. In addition, runtime also has access to mobile device hardware,
improving the gaming experience.By the end of 2017, Egret Runtime has been
installed 1 billion times.

Egretia Runtime Architecture

!22

The Egretia Runtime is a completely upgraded version of the Egret Runtime. Not
only does it fully support the functions of the original runtime, it also integrates the
Egretia blockchain modules to make for more secure core functions at the lower
layer of the application. The Egretia BaaS Module, which allows developers to easily
call the Egretia blockchain interface, also fully supports the DPoS mechanism,
realizing ledger and data exchange on the basis layer of the Runtime.

(JUHWLD*DPH*OREDO'LVWULEXWLRQ3ODWIRUP
The Open Platform of our strategic partner, Egret Technology, is the largest HTML5
gaming platform in the world. It has more than 2,000 distribution channels and
more than 65,000 HTML5 games, with 40 million monthly active users. Leveraging
the new business mode revolution brought by blockchain technology, the Egret Open
Platform will be fully upgraded to a decentralized HTML5 gaming distribution
platform, supporting HTML5 developers and reaching HTML5 players worldwide.

Egretia Game Platform Architecture

Egretia Game Platform
As shown above, with the Egret Engine and the Egretia BaaS SDK, game developers
have easy access to blockchain. Players can get the unique ID by KYC, playing all
the games on the platform.

!23

Since Egretia adopts DPoS and PoG to implement distributed ledger and data
exchange mechanisms, the longer the players will stay in games, the greater the
PoG values will be. Depending on the duration of the game and the level of
experience, players can get various amounts of Egreten digital tokens, which will
enable them to buy virtual goods in the game.
Game developers get Egreten digital tokens by operating games.
Egretia Game Distribution Mechanism
The Egretia game platform is a decentralized HTML5 game distribution platform.
Developers can independently launch HTML5 games and release tasks encouraging
players to spread games. After completing the promotion tasks, players will get
some digital tokens as reward. This way, developers will be able to attract many
players, those players are able to gain digital tokens, thus forming a healthy
ecosystem.

(JUHWLD9LUWXDO*RRGV7UDGLQJ3ODWIRUP
Players have always faced the problem how to ensure the value of virtual goods and
the security of personal information in virtual goods transactions. The Egretia virtual
goods trading platform can help to solve this problem.

Trading Platform Architecture

!24

As pictured above, players can sell virtual goods of a certain game on the trading
platform. After selecting the game, a game server, the virtual goods category, and
specific items, virtual goods can be sold in exchange for Egreten digital tokens.
On the other hand, players can spend digital tokens buying virtual goods on the
trading platform.
HTML5 games connect the in-game virtual goods to the trading platform via the
Egretia BaaS SDK. Traditional virtual goods and account trading model are lacking
mutual trust at its foundation. Based on blockchain’s smart contract mechanism,
both buyers and sellers can conduct transactions without concerns and will not need
any guarantee from a third party.
Based on blockchain’s traceability, traders can view historical transaction records of
virtual goods at any time. Besides, the anonymity of blockchain can well protect the
privacy of buyers and sellers.

'HFHQWUDOL]HG$GYHUWLVLQJ3ODWIRUP
We will create an advertising platform based on Egretia. Based on KYC principles, we
are capable of capturing user portraits accurately so that we can deliver ads that
users are interested in. On the other hand, the token-based advertising platform will
be helpful to Egreten circulation.

Blockchain Advertising Platform

!25

As shown above, decentralized blockchain-based advertising is a good solution for
the shortcomings of traditional advertising.
• Advertisers can serve ads using the platform’s Egreten digital token.
• Developers integrate ads with content through Egretia tools and SDK, which will
allow them to gain Egreten.
• Developers can also spend Egreten tokens paid by users on delivering ads in order
to get more users.
• Based on KYC principles, the advertising platform can protect the privacy of users
while getting user portraits, effectively pushing content that users are really
interested in, greatly reducing the costs for advertisers.
• Players can earn Egreten tokens by forwarding ads.
As the first HTML5 blockchain platform, we are also actively communicating with
overseas partners such as Facebook, jointly embracing the future of blockchain
together.

'LVWULEXWHG&RPPXQLFDWLRQ 6WRUDJH&ORXG3ODWIRUP
The HTML5 Distributed Communication and Storage Service is powered by
blockchain technology to provide the decentralized server-side, distributed
communication and storage.
Egretia will cooperate with more
third-party public chains as well as
technology service providers,
offering developers more
comprehensive distributed
communications & storage services.

!26

The more developers and content, the more widely distributed server nodes. The
faster storage of data and files being read, the quicker the client and server-side
communications.
By calling the SDK we provide, developers can simply access Egretia communication
services, realizing online multiplayer, data & file storage, back-end game logic
customization. Usability, low latency, high availability, expansibility, customizability,
are its characteristics.
In addition to helping developers create a game from its concept, it is easy to
migrate a single-player game into a cross-regional, cross-server, low-latency online
game based on Egretia technology, thus greatly reducing the cost of game
development.

Multi-nodes, low latency
Decentralized, worldwide server nodes and the original "server frame
synchronization" technology, will make for a quicker and more stable transmission of
game data. In the meantime, to meet the needs of large multi-player online games,
we will take full advantage of our rich experience constructing platforms and
adopting a "deep coupling" approach. Information that does not affect fairness will
be constructed in a traditional way and core data is processed through smart
blockchain-based contracts. Seamless coordination ensures fairness and smooth
gaming experience.

Quick Match
Based on distributed back-end communications, a flexible matching mechanism will
be meeting the majority of the matching requirements under different rules. This will
help enriching the gameplay, helping more players building connections, and truly
achieving "global players using the same server".

Quick Access

!27

Modularizing the game lobby, room and interactive process, we take the needs of
developers into consideration, combining front-end engine and tools for developers
to quickly access and develop games.

The Server-Side Logic of "Smart Contract" Management
Aside from basic networking capabilities, we also provide game developers with a
server-side framework based on smart contracts, the Egretia Backend Logic
Framework. Developers will be able to extend server networking capabilities to
implement the customized server-side game logic. Because the server-side logic is
based on Egretia blockchain and managed through smart contracts, the game logic
is open and fair, which can effectively prevent plug-ins.

3.4 Egretia DApp Case

'HFHQWUDOL]HG+70/*DPH'LVWULEXWLRQ3ODWIRUP
The decentralized game distribution platform is currently under development, all the
games are developed based on the Egretia blockchain, accessing the Egretia KYC
authentication system, the Egretia digital tokens, the Egretia data storage module
and other functions.
On this game platform, players can not only play all HTML5 games, but also get
digital tokens through playing games, while at the same time gaining more rewards
by completing the tasks in games. The assets of all players are securely stored in an
Egretia wallet.
Because each user on the game platform has a unique passport, accurate user
portraits can be obtained based on historical data, thus matching players according
to their interests. It is not only a game platform, but also a social platform.

!28


3URIHVVLRQDO2SHUDWLRQ7HDPDQG,QFXEDWRU
Our professional gaming operation team, with its outstanding global promotion
capabilities in mobile games and applications, will focus on global promotion of
premium games and applications based on the Egretia blockchain. We have
cooperated with a number of content providers worldwide to develop quality games
and apps based on Egretia. At the same time, our incubator will support outstanding
content or technical teams, jointly growing with them together.

!29

$IBQUFS

5FBNBOE1BSUOFST

"CPVU&HSFUJB#MPDL$IBJO-BC
"CPVU&HSFU5FDIOPMPHZ
-BC$PSF.FNCFST
"EWJTPST

!30

Team and Partners
4.1 About Egret Blockchain Lab
Our strategy partner in China, Egret Technology, is the
world's leading provider of HTML5 industry solutions. As a
technology-driven company, Egret Technology has always
embraced cutting-edge technology with an open mind and is
committed to improving the industry.
Egretia Blockchain Lab, with core members from Qualcomm, Adobe, NVIDIA, is
devoted to combining blockchain technology with Egret's leading HTML5 engine and
tool technologies, aiming for applying blockchain to the vertical industry. Through
the existing global developer ecosystem, promoting the popularization of blockchain
applications, covering over 1 billion users, it has practical and far-reaching
significance to pushing forward the development of the industry.

4.2 About Egret Technology
• Founded in 2014, has R&D centers in Beijing and Shanghai.
• W3C member, contribute to Web Standard Development.
• Core tech team comes from Adobe Asia R&D center, having over 15 years
professional technologies experience.
• The largest HTML5 development platform and over 75% marketing penetration
rate in China.
• More than 200,000 developers worldwide, with HTML5 content powered by its
workflow covering 1 billion mobile devices.
• Investors: GuoJin Capital, Shunwei, XiaoMi and SIG for round A financing; Matrix,
Shenzhen Capital for round B financing.

!31

• Expanding to the global market, exploring the monetization and business model of
cloud service and big data.
• In partnership with world-renowned companies

Egret Technology independently developed 14 products such as the Egret Engine,
Egret Runtime, DragonBones and Egret Wing, creating the first complete HTML5
development workflow in the world.

For more information, please visit the website of our partner: http://www.egret.com

CCTV reported DragonBones, the skeletal
animation software of Egret Technology, has
become the international animation standard.
Related reportғ
h tt p : / / w w w. t e c hw e b. c o m . c n / o n l i n e g a m e r i m /
2017-03-22/2503768.shtml

There are more than 10,000 tutorials of Dragon
Bones on Youtube, all of which are selfsubmitted and shared by the global developers,
proving Dragon Bones immense popularity.

!32

Using the Egret engine and Egret tools, developers have created products that are
representing milestones in the history of HTML5:

• Catch the Crazy Cat , the first popular HTML5 game on Wechat, gaining
more than 100 million users within 3 days.
• Yugong Yishan, the first HTML5 paid game, with total users of more
than 50 million.
• Legendary world, the first game with 10 million Yuan monthly revenue
in HTML5 history
• Juezhan Shacheng, the first game with over 30 million Yuan monthly
revenue in HTML5 history.
• Legend is coming, the first game with over 100 million Yuan monthly
revenue in HTML5 history.

Another reason why we chose Egret Technology
is its good developer ecosystem. Every year
Egret Technology holds a HTML5 developer
conference, with thousands of people
attending, proving developer loyalty and
enthusiasm. We believe that based on Egret’s
huge developer community, our HTML5
blockchain technology will be quickly deployed
in a variety of games and applications and gain
popularity.

After Tencent Wechat launched its mini-game, Egret
Technology announced that its tools would start
supporting the development of mini-games. In just a
week, 2921 mini-game projects were created through
Egret tools.

!33

4.3 Lab Core Members

Peter Huang
Serial entrepreneur, used to be technical manager of Adobe Flash
Platform, has 18 years of development and management experience in
internet application and game project.

Dirk Meyer
Sr. Program Manager, Digital Media BU PMO at Adobe, with more than 20
years of experience in global project management. Made impactful
contributions to Adobe's strategic business plan and innovative programs.
He is a blockchain technology advocate and investor.

Yin Ma
Compiler and toolchain expert, entrepreneur. Qualcomm senior staff
engineer, his own business focused on software and solutions consulting.
He has accumulated nearly two decades of experience in a variety of
operating system platform compiler development. Worked in Microsoft,
Absoft, etc. Created fastest Fortran compilers for Intel/AMD while working
in Absoft as director of compiler development.

Ross Przybylski
A passionate game industry veteran. With more than 15 years of
experience in software development and 10 years of experience in game
development, focusing on developing great games.

In addition to the above members, the Egretia Blockchain Lab also has experts from
other industries around the world. We would also like to welcome more like-minded
friends to join the blockchain laboratory, promoting the development of the industry.

!34

4.4 Advisors
/XFDV/X
Lucas received his PhD degree in Particle Physics from SMU in 2005.
He worked at CERN when he participated in theoretical and
experimental research of Higgs Partical. Dr. Lucas Lu, was previously
a co-founder and CTO of Light In the Box, a company which went
public on the NYSE, and prior to that, Lucas was the first GM of
Alibaba’s Taobao Mobile platform, and was the GM of another Alibaba
business unit. Lucas founded 5miles in 2014.

)UDQN/HH
Founder of several start-up companies and Angel Investor.
Successfully developed the first Litecoin ASIC miner in the world.
Two companies are included in MI eco system. Invested and cofounded companies in various areas, including Game, VR, AR, IOT,
etc. Graduated from Tsinghua University with degree in Electrical
Engineering.

Yao Yong
The pioneer of Chinese game engine, the founder of Wing Hang
Technology, leading the company to develop H3D engine itself. The
products such as "QQ Dancer" and "Dancing Time" made by the
company using the H3D engine are widely known. These games have
a large number of players, one of them reached 6 million concurrent
online users.

Hongfei Tian
Hongfei received his Master's degree from MIT. Now a founding
partner of iVision, responsible for Internet finance and enterprise
software investment. Previously worked at SIG, Oracle as a software
security engineer, World Bank IFC, etc. Has autonomously developed
Bitcoin payment gateways, Bitcoin mobile wallet-Yard wallet, and
copyrights authentication systems.

!35

$IBQUFS

3PBENBQBOE.JMFTUPOF

!36

Roadmap and Milestone
Our professional engine tools and blockchain technology team will ensure milestones
will be delivered on time.

!37

Disclaimer
This White Paper is intended for general informational purposes only and does not
constitute a prospectus, an offer document, an offer of securities, a solicitation for
investment, or any offer to sell any product, item or asset (whether digital or
otherwise). There is no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such
information and no representation, warranty or undertaking is or purported to be
provided as to the accuracy or completeness of such information. Where this White
Paper includes information that has been obtained from third party sources, the
Foundation team has not independently verified the accuracy or completion of such
information.
The Egretia Platform makes it clear that you have a clear understanding of the risks
of Egreten. By getting involved in an investment as an investor, you are indicating
that you are aware of and accept the risks of the project and are willing to
undertake all the corresponding results for this purpose.
The Egretia Platform expressly states it will not bear any direct or indirect loss
caused by participating in the Egretia blockchain project.

Risk Warning
As a new investment model, there are a variety of risks in digital asset investment,
we strongly recommend that potential investors carefully evaluate the investment
risk and their risk tolerance.
• Policy Risks: Blockchain technology has become the main target of regulation in a
lot of countries worldwide. If the judiciary imposes influence on the application of
Egretia blockchain or Egreten tokens, it may affect, limit, hinder or even stop the
development of Egretia.
• Technical Risks: Egreten is built on the basis of cryptography algorithms. The
development of cryptography may come with potential technical risks.
Vulnerabilities may also be found in the project development process. It may be
attacked by hackers or used by criminals.
• Other Risks: In addition to the risks mentioned above, there are also risks that
have not been mentioned or have not been predicted.

!38

