White Paper Update - June 2020

Preface
The Electroneum team, now consisting of more than 40 individuals in
operations, marketing and development, have been working hard for two
years to create one of the world’s top cryptocurrency ecosystems. With
enormous real world usage, Electroneum stands out by providing people
in emerging markets with access to digital payments and the global
task economy. Whilst our approach continues to evolve, our vision has
remained the same:

“Gain mass adoption by increasing financial inclusion
and by providing solutions that empower millions of
people across the developing world. Teach new digital
skills and allow people to earn from them, by giving
access to the wealth and demand of the Global North.”
The entire team at Electroneum would like to take this opportunity
to once again thank our user community for their ongoing support.
Their engagement is vital in the continued growth of the Electroneum
project,

as

it

drives

forward

to

educate

and

provide

global

employment opportunities to those who can benefit the most. It truly
is an exciting period for Electroneum, its partner organisations and the
people it is serving.

Electroneum, seems to me to be just the kind
of innovation which can help ensure that, by
2030, no-one is left behind, unconnected and
financially excluded, as the world changes
around them.
David Bull CBE
Ex CEO of UNICEF

Project Overview
Electroneum’s statistics as of June 2020. These statistics are verified by
a trusted third-party1.

3.9 million+

300,000+

registered users

instant app to app transfers

2.5 million+

155,000+

app downloads

mobile top ups in 140+ countries

100,000+

1,700+

blockchain transactions/month

merchants accept ETN

Electroneum has genuine users, huge usage and a real-world ecosystem.
Users are not just cryptocurrency enthusiasts. A massive number of ETN
users are unbanked and they are finding that using ETN is adding real
utility to their lives. We are not a charity, we are a sustainable business
model that empowers real people.
According to The World Bank2, more than 1.7 billion people cannot access
traditional banking services. As the world becomes increasingly globalised,
those cut off from banking suffer the most. One such example is within
the task economy, which according to Mastercard3 is valued in excess of
$200 billion USD. Online marketplaces fuelling the task economy include
the likes of Freelancer, Upwork and Fiverr. These marketplaces have made
tremendous strides in providing buyers with low cost services, and sellers
with an audience of global buyers. However, all existing task platforms
suffer the same flaw; they require both buyer and seller to be banked.

Electroneum, established in 2017, overcomes this issue, providing a
simple mobile application that enables anyone, anywhere, to buy and
sell goods and services remotely. At its core is Electroneum’s own
blockchain and cryptocurrency, ETN. Electroneum’s blockchain enables
fast and secure transfer of value between users without incurring large
transactional fees.
With more than 3.9 million registered users in just under three years,
Electroneum has already become hugely popular. Key developments
throughout 2018 and 2019, including their own instant payment
notification system and KYC/AML compliance system, helped to reinforce
the foundation from which Electroneum has continued to grow.
The first developmental focus for 2019 was a major redevelopment of
the blockchain. This new network is not only faster, more energy efficient
and significantly more secure than virtually all other blockchains in
existence today, but it offers something no other blockchain has to this
day; energy responsibility. Electroneum has successfully implemented a
new blockchain protocol that we call ‘proof of responsibility’, delivering
mining rewards not to anonymous miners around the world, but to NGOs
across emerging markets who strive to help the very people Electroneum
is setting out to educate and empower.
In 2019, we developed a revolutionary new freelancer platform called
AnyTask.com that removes the need for sellers to have a bank account.
Whilst buyers still pay with Visa or Mastercard, the seller receives payment
in ETN4. Better still, the seller incurs no fees, ensuring they keep 100% of
their profit. AnyTask.com went live in Q1 2020 and has already attracted
420,000+ registered users.
2020 saw the launch of two new platforms, the first being
ETNeverywhere.com. A large global community of businesses and
merchants who accept ETN. The platform gives merchants an official
business listing that can be searched for and viewed by customers, both
locally and across the world. With ETN-accepting merchants in more than
150 countries, customers can search the online map to find businesses
in their local area or that deliver products or services in their country,
making it even easier to find ways to spend their ETN.

The second platform, ETNdonate.com, empowers the crypto community
to make vital donations to selected NGOs/Charities, to make a
difference around the world. By giving selected charities the opportunity
to accept donations of ETN, each charity is accessing a completely
new way to fundraise. Electroneum is passionate about helping NGOs/
Charities to increase their donations, especially in these uncertain times
we are all facing.
As ETN adoption continues to grow across the world, Electroneum is
looking for new ways users can spend their ETN. In 2019, Electroneum
introduced the ability to top-up mobile airtime and data directly from
within the Electroneum app5. That service is now available with hundreds
of operators across more than 140 countries.
Utility top-up is an exciting next step for Electroneum and its users.
Supporting major electricity suppliers in Nigeria, Mali, Gambia and
Senegal, In Q2 of 2020, users will be able to top-up their prepaid electricity
meter from within the Electroneum app. As this continues to grow rapidly,
Electroneum plan to expand Utility top-ups to more regions.
The focus for Electroneum throughout the remainder of 2020 is to
provide people in emerging markets access to the task economy via
AnyTask.com, upskilling through a new platform, TaskSchool.com, and
continuing our efforts to provide people with more ways to spend ETN in
their communities. It is through these efforts that the Electroneum project
will continue to grow and become a driving force for financial inclusion in
emerging markets.

Key Differences
There are many important differences between Electroneum and the other 3,000+
cryptocurrencies. Electroneum’s focus is to become a sustainable solution to financial
inclusion in emerging markets:

•

Only major cryptocurrency project
focused on improving the lives of
people in emerging markets through
education, charitable initiatives and
employment

•

First cryptocurrency to introduce
an instant payment system (patent
pending), ensuring ETN can be used for
everyday purchases and transactions

•

•

First cryptocurrency to voluntarily adopt
KYC/AML compliance procedures
ahead of the 5th European AML directive,
highlighting Electroneum’s stance on
regulatory compliance
One of the fastest growing
cryptocurrencies with more than 3.9
million registered users in just under
three years, surpassed only by a few top
five projects

•

In-app mobile airtime and data top-up
using ETN in over 140 countries and the
first cryptocurrency to collaborate with
a Major Network Operator6

•

One of the largest online communities
found within the cryptocurrency
sector having attracted more than
400,000 followers across major social
media platforms

•

Invited by the GSMA7 (Global System
for Mobile Communications) to sit
on their GSMA Intelligence Panel and
join more than 800 mobile operators
and 300 companies in becoming an
associate member

•

One of the only blockchains to be
insusceptible to 51% attack8 (the largest
threat to blockchain networks)

•

Reduced blockchain energy
consumption from equivalent of
powering approximately 14 million light
bulbs to around a dozen9

•

Replaced anonymous miners with
permissioned NGO miners, rewarding
vocational charities10 instead of
international large-scale mining pools

•

Launched affordable $50 USD
Electroneum M1 smartphone, designed
for those in emerging markets
who otherwise can only afford a
reconditioned phone

•

Launched AnyTask.com, a new
freelancer platform in Q1 2020, enabling
anyone in emerging markets to sell
digital services online to a global
audience of buyers

Target Audience
Of the 1.7 billion 'unbanked' people across the world, there are more than
350 million people who have smartphones; a number which increases
substantially every year.

...Blockchain is an exciting advancement
that could help revolutionize fields beyond
finance. It could, for example, power financial
inclusion by providing new, low-cost payment
methods to those who lack bank accounts and
in the process empower millions in
low-income countries.
Christine Lagarde Managing Director,
International Monetary Fund

This group do not see themselves as unbanked. They are individuals with
their own hopes and fears, which brands have failed to understand. In order
to connect and activate the great potential in this group, one must
understand who they are. Banking does not equate to opportunity.
AnyTask.com empowers people via the power of ETN.

Today’s leading freelance platforms have made tremendous leaps in
providing individuals and businesses a way of getting jobs done quicker
and cheaper, whilst offering freelancers the ability to earn a living online.
However, they all have one major restriction, in that both buyer and seller
require access to a bank account. That is no longer the case with AnyTask.
AnyTask works similarly to other leading freelance marketplaces, offering
buyers a variety of digital services, from logo design and video creation,
to translation and remote training. Buyers still pay in US Dollars with their
debit or credit card, however the key difference is in how the payment is
delivered to the seller4.
Unlike any other freelance marketplace, payment is delivered in
Electroneum (ETN), meaning they do not require a bank account. They
receive payment directly into their Electroneum wallet, no matter where
they are in the world. Better still, they pay zero seller fees.
Why not head over to AnyTask.com and take a look.

420,000+

4,000+

5,000+

total registered users

active sellers

total active tasks

As societies around the world gradually use less cash, and transactions
become fully digital, cryptocurrencies are clearly the next step in the
evolution of currency. Electroneum is one of only a few cryptocurrencies
that has gone a step beyond, entirely bypassing the need for a bank
account, allowing users to purchase mobile airtime, data top-ups and
everyday items at participating stores.
To encourage local merchants in developing countries to see the
benefits of signing up to receive payments in ETN, we have launched
ETNeverywhere.com.
ETN Everywhere is a global community of businesses and merchants
who accept ETN. The platform gives merchants an official business
listing that can be searched for and viewed by customers, both locally
and across the world.
With hundreds of ETN-accepting merchants in over 150 countries,
customers can search the online map to find businesses that will serve
them and accept payments in ETN.
As Electroneum continues to expand into the global digital economy, ETN
will become increasingly usable and widely accepted. This real-world
ecosystem will allow ETN to be used every day to purchase everyday
items by the people who need it most.

Cryptocurrency can make a difference
ETNdonate.com empowers the crypto community to make vital donations
to selected NGOs/Charities, to make a difference around the world. By
giving selected charities the opportunity to accept donations of ETN, each
charity is accessing a completely new way to fundraise. Electroneum is
passionate about helping NGOs/Charities to increase their donations,
especially in these uncertain times we are all facing.

Law & Regulation
Every country has different cryptocurrency regulations. Electroneum has
been designed from the ground up to allow different requirements in
different regions, subject to the local laws.
Electroneum voluntarily introduced KYC/AML compliance procedures
ahead of the 5th EU AML Directive. Electroneum Ltd. is registered in
England and Wales and is owned and operated from within the United
Kingdom – the centre of the global financial services industry.
Electroneum will be supervised by the UK's Financial Conduct Authority
for AML purposes by 2021.
Electroneum can provide government reporting, showing exactly how
much ETN is owned in a country, how many transactions have taken
place, transaction sizes, adoption rates and much more.
Under English law, Electroneum may be regarded as a Payment/Exchange
Token, which is neither a Utility Token nor a Security Token.

Electroneum Mobile App
The Electroneum mobile application enables users to easily manage
their ETN.
A user’s wallet is only accessible via their own secure passcode. Once
inside the app, the wallet informs the user how much ETN they have.
Using the in-built converter, the user can at any time display their ETN
balance in their local FIAT currency.
ETN can be transferred to any other ETN wallet, be it in-person or remotely.
ETN wallets use a 98-character public address, known as a public key or
ETN wallet address. Anyone can send ETN to a wallet, either by copying
and pasting the address, or by scanning the QR Code generated by the
Electroneum app.
The growing number of in-store and online options available gives users
somewhere to spend their ETN. Users have the option to top-up their
mobile airtime and data within the app in over 140 countries.

ETN Cryptocurrency & Blockchain
Cryptocurrency (ETN)
Electroneum, the cryptocurrency, is a payment/exchange token commonly
referred to as ETN. It has a total circulation of 21 billion that will never
be increased. ETN is used to send or receive value, either in-person
or remotely. Similar to FIAT currencies, ETN has a market value that
fluctuates, be it up or down. The Electroneum app handles any fluctuation
using the built-in converter, making it one of the easiest cryptocurrencies
for everyday use.
Electroneum has built its own instant payment notification system,
which guarantees the delivery of ETN, ensuring both buyer and seller can
complete their transaction instantly and without fear of the payment not
arriving5. This overcomes the largest obstacle towards cryptocurrency
adoption.
In contrast to FIAT currency transactions which make take several days
to complete, ETN can be transferred to anyone in the world instantly and
at virtually no cost.
For businesses of any size, Electroneum has made it incredibly easy to
accept ETN as payment, be it through the Electroneum app, via an ePOS
system or via an eCommerce website. All methods can be found on
ETNEverywhere.com website.
ETN can be stored in several ways, including digital wallet (hot wallet) and
paper wallet (cold storage) formats.

Blockchain
The Electroneum blockchain uses a unique algorithm that we’ve termed
PoR (Proof of Responsibility). The blockchain has received significant
praise from the blockchain space 11, including the co-inventor of the
blockchain, Dr. Scott Stornetta, whose work from 1991 is included
in the original Bitcoin whitepaper. He praised Electroneum for the
implementation of its moderated blockchain, including its improved
security and philanthropic approach to redirecting mining rewards to
those who need it the most.

A Safer Blockchain
Following the implementation of its new blockchain protocol, Electroneum
became one of the most secure blockchains in existence today, becoming
insusceptible to blockchain’s largest threat; the 51% attack. This was
achieved through a number of initiatives, the first of which was the
move to a permissioned, moderated network. In addition to selecting
and authenticating its validators, Electroneum implemented a new
moderation layer. The layer remains dormant all the while the network
is running smoothly; however, in the case of a possible attack, the layer
will determine where the attack is originating from and shut down the
compromised validators.

A More Responsible Blockchain
Originating in 2017 as a non-permissioned network, anyone, or any entity
could mine the blockchain. This resulted in thousands of miners, many of
whom were part of commercial mining operations, who simply mined the
blockchain to profit from the ETN block rewards. These miners had no
interest in the sustainability of the project.
The move to a permissioned network in 2019 enabled Electroneum to
overcome this issue. They selected a number of Non-Governmental
Organisations (NGOs) to be validators, who would use the ETN block
rewards to enhance their existing charitable initiatives. We currently have
12 network validators including:

•

Ubuntu Pathways, a non-profit organisation that provides an
integrated support system of health, education, and social support in
the townships of Port Elizabeth, South Africa.

•

WONDER Foundation, a non-profit organization that aims to empower
women, girls and their community through access to quality education,
so that they can exit poverty for good.

•

Project Child, a non-profit organization that aim to provide every child
in Indonesia with the opportunity to learn, to have a healthy start,
and to feel supported and secure living in a clean environment that is
prepared for natural disasters.

•

Lawyers for Good is for charities/NGOs looking for legal support
or lawyers looking for more meaning. Their share of the ETN
Block Rewards go towards the project Children’s Fund Malawi, The
GreenMatala Entrepreneurial Village. The project is helping to improve
the lives of underprivileged children and young adults with tangible
financial, vocational, life and entrepreneurial skills.

A Greener Blockchain
Despite thousands of transactions taking place each day, ETN's energy
consumption has been drastically reduced with the implementation of
PoR. Prior to the upgrade, the hashing power to mine ETN consumed
energy equivalent to 14 million light bulbs8, each and every day. However,
after the implementation of the moderated blockchain, the energy required
by NGO’s to validate blocks was reduced the equivalent of powering
around a dozen light bulbs.

Electroneum M1
In February 2019, Electroneum exhibited at MWC19,
the world’s largest exhibition for the mobile industry.
Unlike like many other affordable smartphones, the
$50 Electroneum M1 offers quality specifications,
including 4G connectivity, dual sims, quad core
processor, as well as front and rear facing cameras.
Targeted at those in emerging markets, where $50
would typically buy a reconditioned phone, the
Electroneum M1 remains a promising prospect for
many. And is part of many commercial discussion
with mobile operators and distributors across several
emerging market countries.

Coming soon
TaskSchool gives the opportunity for any of the millions that are unbanked
to access online digital learning at no cost. By accessing our e-Learning
platform, people in developing countries will have the opportunity to gain
new skills that they can sell on AnyTask.com.
TaskSchool teaches users a range of skills from extremely simple tasks,
such as photo retouching, to more complex tasks like designing logos on
a laptop with free software such as Inkscape.
AnyTask allows people around the world, including those without a bank
account, to earn in a new way with these new basic skills they can acquire
through TaskSchool.

Conclusion
Electroneum is still under three years old and yet has achieved more than virtually all
other cryptocurrencies in terms of real world usage. We have carved out access to a niche
market that consists of hundreds of millions of people and have made great strides towards
empowering them, making ETN an attractive way to earn and spend.
Our cryptocurrency ecosystem sees the circulation of ETN without the need to continuously
convert to FIAT via exchanges. This is one of the first times in modern history that we have
seen a new medium of exchange being used in the real world, by so many people.
Electroneum started its mission to gain mass adoption of cryptocurrency and considers it
has done more to achieve this than 99.9% of projects.
Electroneum is actively demonstrating its potential to provide new learning opportunities to
a vast new audience across the emerging markets.
The Electroneum brand has started building a name outside of the crypto community,
particularly in South Africa, Brazil, Nigeria, Uganda, Tanzania and Turkey (countries where inapp usage has been highest). Mobile top-ups in ETN is a popular feature with over 145,000
transactions to date. Utility top-ups and further developments will make ETN increasingly
valuable to use.
Two key activities for Electroneum are AnyTask and the launch of TaskSchool. These platforms
provide a way for people to earn in new ways and also a use case for other established
platforms, who, through AnyTask's success, may choose to adopt ETN as a form of payment.
Expanded in 2020, ETN Everywhere continues Electroneum’s efforts to grow the use and
acceptance of ETN across emerging markets.
In conclusion, we are now in a stronger position than ever to take Electroneum forward to
becoming one of the top 10 brands in the cryptocurrency space.

Bibliography & References
1.

Verified by Cointelligence
https://news.electroneum.com/cointelligence-electroneum-is-an-example-oftransparency-in-a-crypto-space-that-is-mostly-secretive

2.

The World Bank
https://globalfindex.worldbank.org/

3.

Mastercard
https://newsroom.mastercard.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/GigEconomy-White-Paper-May-2019.pdf

4.

AnyTask Terms & Conditions
https://anytask.com/terms-and-conditions

5.

Electroneum Terms & Conditions
https://electroneum.com/terms-and-conditions/

6.

Major Network Operator
https://news.electroneum.com/electroneum-first-cryptocurrency-to-workdirectly-with-a-mobile-network-operator-cellcard-to-also-sell-the-m1smartphone

7.

GSMA
https://www.gsma.com/membership/membership-types/associatemembership/

8.

Insusceptible to 51% attack
https://electroneum.prezly.com/electroneum-creates-positively-disruptiveblockchain-that-shields-etn-from-51-attacks

9.

A greener blockchain
https://electroneum.prezly.com/electroneum-is-the-greenest-crypto-afterreducing-mining-energy-needs-to-nearly-zero

10. NGOs/Charities
https://electroneum.prezly.com/electroneum-and-ubuntu-pathways-join-forcesin-ground-breaking-deal
11. Dr. Scott Stornetta
https://news.electroneum.com/founding-father-of-blockchain-scott-stornettatalks-bitcoin-and-electroneum

