0

Table of contents
1. Introduction

3

1.1 Boatsters: The start of the journey

4

1.2 Elitium: A new era in digital

4

1.2.1 Why use a blockchain-based solution?

5

1.2.2 Why use a native currency?

6

1.3 Identified problems in industry

7

1.4 Elitium solutions

9

2. The Elitium Ecosystem

10

2.1 Managing the development of EUM

10

2.2 Smart contracts

11

2.2.1 Smart Contract: Use Case
3. Elitium Products

11
13

3.1 Elitium Suite

13

3.2 Elitium Staking Program

13

3.2.1 How Elitium staking works
3.3 Elitium Card

13
14

3.3.1 Spend EUM anywhere that accepts VISA

14

3.3.2 Core Features

14

3.4 Growth Program

15

3.5 Vera: AI-enabled concierge

15

3.5.1 What is artificial intelligence (AI)?

15

3.5.2 Why use artificial intelligence (AI) for Elitium?

15

4. Elitium App
4.1 A gateway into Elitium
5. The Elitium Coin (EUM)
5.1 Coin basics

18
18
21
21

5.1.1 Ethereum Blockchain

21

5.1.2 Why build on Ethereum?

21

5.2 Coin functions
6. Elitium Capital

22
24

6.1 Digital Asset Platform (DAP)

24

6.2 Self-managed investment ecosystem

25

6.3 Old world meets new

25

1

7. Elitium Business

26

7.1 Three Pillars of EBUS

26

7.2 Why partner with Elitium Business?

26

8. Company

28

8.1 Organizational setup

28

8.2 Company structure

28

8.3 Business models

29

8.4 Charitable contributions

29

9. Legal considerations, risks and disclaimer

31

10. Responsibility Statement

33

11. GDPR

33

12. Note from Raoul Milhado, Elitium Co-founder

34

2

1. Introduction
The blockchain has been around for more than a decade. Still, it feels like a frontier
technology. Companies have barely scratched the surface of what this ‘Internet of Value’
will achieve. However, the pace of innovation is increasing, and Elitium stands at the centre
of it thanks to a range of solutions that can alter how consumers interact with currency.
The first is a genuinely accessible digital currency that users can hold, earn, spend, and
invest. The second is a global platform where consumers can engage with the entire Elitium
ecosystem, including purchasing exclusive experiences, goods, and services; managing a
cryptocurrency portfolio; or using cryptocurrency in a range of value-creating processes.
Finally, a progressive FinTech platform connects businesses and investors via digital share
offerings, creating an ecosystem in which money can be earned, spent and invested.
An ecosystem that covers every aspect of how people interact with money: on the one side,
generating or receiving funds, which are then held in a dedicated wallet; on the other,
spending currency wherever one chooses, or reinvesting to generate further rewards in
what is a full-circle economy.
Elitium’s ecosystem is a financial playground: a place where participants can find the best
way to make the most of their funds.
~~~
Ultimately, Elitium aims to remove any barrier to the mass adoption of blockchain-based
solutions across the luxury and finance industries. That said, Elitium’s suite of products is by
no means limited to luxury goods and services. Rather, Elitium fulfils the expectation of
delivering premium-quality solutions from which every user can benefit, letting the world
discover value across all aspects of how people interact with money.
The innovations presented in this White Paper not only provide direct benefits to
consumers; they improve business efficiencies as well. Currently, many segments face
cumbersome processes, which often lead to time and cost-intensive activities. There are
countless industries still dealing with a high degree of manual processing, including the
execution of contracts, customer requests, rentals or refunds.
An example is the chartering process for yachts, which includes the exchange of several
confidential documents, the processing of international payments, and the handling of
communication and correspondence between multiple parties. Elitium’s platform
streamlines such processes by offering innovative and user-friendly technologies via
Blockchain-as-a-Service, distributed under the Elitium Business banner.
~~~
The Elitium core team comprises expertise across luxury, digital marketing, mobile
applications, blockchain, legal and finance. Further, Elitium’s business model is based on

3

well-known companies that have been active across our target industries for more than 40
years.
This unique combination of experience — coupled with our extensive network of global
partners — creates an excellent foundation on which we are building a groundbreaking
technology company, centered on the mission that sits at the core of Elitium’s business and
drives our day-to-day actions:

“Elitium stands for more than cryptocurrency or blockchain. We are building
products that enable digital currency to power a shifting economy, connecting the
old world to the new.
In doing so, we are unlocking a new paradigm of value for all to discover.”
~~~

1.1 Boatsters: The start of the journey
The idea of Elitium originated from the team behind Boatsters and a leading blockchain
expert. Boatsters is a rental company for yachts and boats with offices in Mallorca (ES),
Miami (US) and Amsterdam (NL). They are partners with a family-owned yacht broker
company with more than 50 years of experience in the luxury industry.
Since the start of Boatsters in 2015, the company has experienced tremendous growth with
currently more than 12,000 yachts on the platform while being active in 63 different
countries. Boatsters has always been a forerunner in introducing innovation in the traditional
yacht rental industry. This innovative mindset has led Boatsters into exploring opportunities
that blockchain technology could offer to the nautical industry in a very early stage. Today,
Boatsters is the only platform in this industry which accepts (up to 60) cryptocurrencies as
standard payments for chartering yachts. This first shift to blockchain technology marked an
important milestone for Boatsters​ a
​ s early-adopters in their industry.
The payment solution of Boatsters facilitates payments with cryptocurrencies for yacht
charters all around the world. The wallet-to-wallet solution has been thoroughly developed
with a focus on being user-friendly and ensuring a safe environment. Additionally, the
solution avoids unnecessary transaction costs and provides the opportunity to convert
assets at any given moment in time.

1.2 Elitium: A new era in digital
Boatsters’ new payment solution was not the only planned milestone in the company’s
innovation strategy. Raoul Milhado, the Managing Partner of Boatsters, had a more
visionary concept in which a wider range of luxury goods and services could be offered on a
single platform. The concept translated into a platform that connects consumers and
providers in the luxury industry, in a secure and easy-to-use environment. The development
of this idea marked the birth of Elitium.

4

Since inception, Elitium has evolved from a pureplay luxury goods and services platform to
an all-encompassing FinTech solution. Today, Elitium stands for more than cryptocurrency
or blockchain, and for more than just a marketplace for luxury goods and services. The team
is building products that will power a shifting economy, connecting the old world to the
new.
Digital solutions that solve problems related to currency, to finance, to how people enjoy
their everyday lives. Elitium now comprises an ecosystem spanning alternative investments
and digital luxuries that will alter the expectations the world has around what currency can
do.
●

●
●
●

EUM is a currency without bounds:​ fast, low-cost, borderless transactions are but a
swipe away as you spend it either directly in the app or in the real-world, using your
Elitium debit card;
EUM underpins the Elitium Staking Program: ​a solution that gives users a
low-friction way to on-board into crypto and receive up to 6.5% annual rewards;
Elitium Masternodes offer higher returns:​ operators can power the Elitium
ecosystem for up to 25% annual rewards;
Elitium Capital is a groundbreaking Digital Share Platform:​ the innovation in finance
that lets businesses raise funding by tokenizing real-world assets, or gold miners
fund operations by selling a tokenized version of their commodities, while investors
can diversify their portfolio with an array of unique investments that span sectors.

Currency has moved from precious metals to paper; from paper to a cashless society. Now,
it needs to turn truly digital. Elitium is making that happen, and the Elitium ecosystem
encapsulates what the new era in digital holds.

1.2.1 Why use a blockchain-based solution?
Elitium has been designed as a borderless ecosystem that can process a range of payments
and investments across the globe. Blockchain technology enables Elitium’s core vision and
when compared to traditional, digital payment solutions, it offers a range of benefits to
both consumers and businesses, including:
1. Enhanced security
Blockchain-based payment systems increase the security of transactions for users when
compared to traditional digital payment systems. In traditional payment solutions,
transactions are typically uploaded to a cloud server or stored in a set of locations. These
inherently possess a security risk as cyber-criminals can technically break into these
networks and retrieve/corrupt sensitive data in a single repository.
On the contrary, blockchain technology all but eliminates the opportunity for a malicious
attack as data is decentralized, encrypted, and cross-checked by a network of distributed
nodes. Once a transaction is on the distributed ledger, it’s almost impossible to change or
delete the entry without a node noticing and invalidating the alteration.
2. Lower transaction fees

5

The unique characteristics of blockchain technology enables companies to operate a lot
quicker and in a more cost-efficient way, with less risks and lower capital requirements.
Therefore, blockchain technology enables Elitium to maintain reduced transaction fees
compared to other traditional payment solutions, which benefits both the consumers and
providers on the platform. Moreover, the favorable cost basis allows Elitium to offer more
cost-effective technology solutions to business clients as part of a BaaS service.
3. Increased operational efficiency
There are many examples of enterprises that face a high degree of manual processing of
contract executions, rentals or customer enquiries. Consequently, the Elitium founders
identified the opportunity for blockchain technology to improve operational efficiencies.
Their interest in the technology was triggered by the potential for highly automated
business processes through the use of smart contracts.
Their journey led to a collaboration with Ethereum: the platform responsible for the unique
smart contract infrastructure that enables major efficiency improvements for businesses in
our network.

Figure 1 – Key reasons for using blockchain technology

1.2.2 Why use a native currency?
The decision to adopt blockchain technology is one of the key design elements of the
Elitium platform. Another cornerstone is the adoption of Elitium’s own native
cryptocurrency, the Elitium coin, ​EUM​. The key advantages of using EUM instead of a
3rd-party cryptocurrency include:
1. Sustainability of the ecosystem
The ecosystem of Elitium depends on EUM for its proper functioning and long-term
sustainability. EUM increases the stability of the platform as Elitium is not dependent on the
viability of another cryptocurrency. Consequently, potential risks associated with other
cryptocurrencies — such as security flaws — are mitigated. Moreover, the development of a
native currency is an important prerequisite for maintaining a sustainable economy within
the platform.
2. Additional services

6

Our own native currency provides opportunities for the implementation of additional
services for our users, which are already well-known in traditional payment solutions:
●

Instant conversion to/from Fiat
Users and partners on the platform can instantly spend or convert Fiat currencies
into EUM (or vice versa). This service increases the accessibility of Elitium to a wide
range of users including both cryptocurrency users and consumers who are not
familiar with cryptocurrencies.

●

Loyalty/growth programs
To encourage consumers to join Elitium (and thereafter transact on the platform), a
loyalty program rewards those who purchase goods and services within the Elitium
ecosystem. Users are rewarded with EUM based on a percentage of the total
amount they spend. Therefore, they benefit from similar reward programs used by
standard credit card companies, even more so when they use the Elitium Card for
everyday purchases.

3. Customization of smart contracts
With the deployment of our own native currency, we make it possible to provide pre-coded
smart contracts with certain degrees of customization. Further, collaborating with Ethereum
provides the possibility of creating smart contracts in a relatively more technical and
cost-efficient way. Therefore, it enables Elitium to automate the smart contract precisely as
we envision it for the users of our platform.

Figure 2 – key reasons for development of own native currency

1.3 Identified problems in industry
When exploring the concept of a luxury-focused cryptocurrency, the Elitium co-founders
identified five problem areas based on decades of experience in the luxury and hospitality
sectors, while levering their technical expertise.
1. Lack of integrated solutions across luxury brands
Boatsters pilot cryptocurrency payment solution triggered interest from top-end service
providers, including private jet charters and luxury resorts. These companies were

7

interested in introducing a similar payment solution for their brands. However, creating
bespoke solutions for every brand did not prove efficient. Hence, there was a clear need for
an integrated solution across the industry, or even a single common marketplace that
anyone can access.
2. Risk of malicious attacks on cryptocurrency holders
Cryptocurrencies are a target for cybercriminals and hacks. To make matters worse,
transactions on the blockchain cannot be reversed. As such, a malicious transaction cannot
be undone. As cryptocurrencies merely represent digital coins with no backing (e.g.
government, physical commodity) victims rarely have any legal recourse in the event of a
malicious attack. In addition, transactions in the luxury industry are often relatively large in
volume, which makes security an even more important consideration.
3. Absence of tangible use cases for many cryptocurrencies
The absence of a tangible use case is one of the greatest criticisms leveled at many
cryptocurrencies. It’s a fair concern, given several digital currencies exist without serving any
purpose outside of being a speculative trading device. There’s a dearth of cryptocurrencies
with a core purpose of supporting a specific sector or platform. In addition, the absence of
a backing from their respective industries leaves a hole in any project and makes
widespread adoption all-the-less-likely. Cryptocurrencies are still a relatively new
phenomenon: holders still face a challenge when evaluating their value, which makes most
cryptocurrencies highly sensitive to market sentiment as opposed to their intrinsic value.
4. Inefficiencies of operational processes across Industry
There are several examples of businesses that are still dealing with a high degree of manual
processing of execution of contracts, customer requests, rentals or refunding. Typically,
these processes are time consuming and costly, which affects the efficiency and profitability
of such businesses. These inefficiencies also apply to different segments in the luxury
industry (for example, in the area of yacht charters, where various documents are distributed
to different parties with high-touch communication, leading to an inefficient and drawn out
process).

8

Figure 3 – Identified problems in the industry

1.4 Elitium solutions
Having identified the key issues, the Elitium founders are solving these five problems by
developing an integrated ecosystem of blockchain-driven solutions.
1. Integrated global platform
Elitium’s all-inclusive platform connects a network of participants who can then engage in
business, no matter their location, thanks to Elitium’s native currency, EUM. The platform
works across operating systems (Web, Android, iOS) and enables a user-friendly payment,
investment and crypto-holding solution. The platform encompasses select money-can’t-buy
experiences, alongside a raft of innovative blockchain solutions, so that Elitium can provide
users with the ability to create and access a premium lifestyle. Clients also have the ability
to manage transactions and investments — as well as make on-demand concierge requests
— in a single secure environment.
2. Real use cases and dedicated strategy for EUM
EUM is a useful, reliable, and sustainable currency, positioned at the heart of the Elitium
platform. Whether it’s used by consumers to pay for goods or partners to receive
remuneration for a good or service, every participant in the Elitium ecosystem can interact
(in varying degrees) with EUM. Moreover, by using EUM in the Elitium ecosystem, users can
expect to receive EUM-based cashback, rewards or discounts, as well as generating more
rewards when paying with EUM as part of the Elitium Tier Program.
3. Improving operational efficiency with smart contracts
Elitium has technology collaborations that strengthen our overall offering. One example is
our partnership with Ethereum: widely considered as the most successful smart contract
platform available, enabling near-instant payments, higher scalability and the ability to
process thousands of transactions per second. The smart contract technology of Ethereum
allows Elitium to introduce major efficiencies for businesses operating on our network,
which means we can collectively improve the efficiency, accuracy and speed of our partners’
operations.
4. Licencing technology via Blockchain-as-a-Service
Elitium is a global ecosystem, capable of serving users everywhere. The platform can
become an all-in-one business solution that makes a difference on any businesses’ balance
sheet as companies throughout the world embrace the blockchain revolution. Elitium’s
unique BaaS solution includes new ways for companies to boost revenues; the means for
making old-world processes fit for the new economy; methods for driving internal
efficiencies with blockchain technology — as well as a way to spearhead change.

9

2. The Elitium Ecosystem
Elitium is a unique ecosystem of innovative products and features. The ecosystem leverages
the Elitium coin – EUM – to enable fast, secure, and borderless payments throughout the
platform. Moreover, Elitium users can enjoy a level of anonymity as EUM-based purchases
show only as ‘Elitium’ on statements, thus obscuring where a transaction was made.

Figure 4 – Users can purchase all offered goods and services on the Elitium ecosystem with EUM

To encourage consumers to join and thereafter transact on the platform, Elitium​ o
​ ffers a
range of programs to reward active users. The programs reward users in EUM for actions
that help Elitium grow (e.g., by referring a new user); for the total amount they have spent
on the platform; or, for the volume of cryptocurrency purchased by referred members.
These reward programs extend to the Elitium Card, mirroring the loyalty operated by credit
card companies whereby a portion of spend is returned to the card-holder — in Elitium’s
case, in the form of EUM cashback.

2.1 Managing the development of EUM
The main purpose of EUM is to support the functionality of Elitium products. Moreover, we
actively encourage the use of EUM in the real world, as well as trading on third-party
exchanges. Ultimately, EUM can become a useful, reliable and sustainable currency.
Therefore, an essential part of Elitium’s strategy is dedicated to actively managing the
development of EUM — with a focus on two elements:
Fuel the economy
EUM is a vital part of Elitium as the coin plays a central role across platform activities, most
notably in the core Elitium offering. If users want to leverage smart contracts (i.e., to book
goods and services efficiently), access exclusive deals (i.e., buy
money-can’t-buy-experiences), or earn additional rewards (i.e., as part of the tier model),
they must use EUM as the primary currency for the associated transactions. Such a
dependency on EUM enables the currency to act as the platform’s fuel (in contrast to the
many cryptocurrencies that do not offer any tangible use case or basic reason for existence).
Enable expansion

10

A key part of the company’s growth strategy is the expansion of Elitium into new sectors.
We have a long-term focus on continuously delivering benefits to our stakeholders.
Moreover, we proactively manage the onboarding of new partners to expand the available
goods, services, and investments offered via the platform.

2.2 Smart contracts
An essential opportunity for increasing efficiency in our ecosystem is the deployment of
bespoke smart contracts. In essence, smart contracts are lines of code that are stored on a
blockchain, which execute automatically when predetermined conditions are met. The
benefits of smart contracts are very significant in business as they help enforce an
agreement in which all participants can be certain of the outcome.
Smart contracts can be used as a transaction gateway protocol within an automated
payment procedure and, if implemented correctly, they enable various benefits —
including:
Savings and efficiency
Smart contracts remove the need for intermediaries as parties can trust the openly available
ledger, with the technology executing the transaction. As such, the additional layer of
verification by a 3​rd​-party is no longer required and so the associated fees are saved.
Beyond cost reductions, smart contracts offer the potential to reduce the time taken to
process both documents and information.
Autonomy
Smart contracts eliminate the need for a 3​rd​-party intermediary or facilitator, essentially
giving the parties full control of any agreement. A smart contract can be used on its own,
but it can also be implemented in combination with other smart contracts that are triggered
upon successful completion of the preceding smart contract: this creates the potential for
an ecosystem running on smart contracts in an entirely autonomous way.

2.2.1 Smart Contract: Use Case
An example of the potential of smart contracts can be seen in the experience of Boatsters,
and the charter process of yachts. Currently, the process is lengthy and cumbersome,
involving multiple parties (brokers, owners, tenants), international payments, and excessive
documentation (as illustrated in figure 5).

Figure 5 – Simplified example of yacht rental process

11

The introduction of a smart contract solution would improve this process no-end by
eliminating nearly all the steps with a pre-programmed agreement. If a smart contract
solution was deployed between the tenant, owner and broker, the smart contract could
behave logically, based on an algorithm, and guarantee that all the agreed terms and
conditions are fulfilled by following the process below:
1. Independent storage is generated, for which all involved parties are allowed to input
value but cannot easily take out.
2. All contracts and documents are placed on this distributed ledger and consequently
signed by the different parties involved.
3. The tenant inputs the required amount of money in the storage.
4. The owner inputs a code for obtaining access to the yacht.
5. The owner receives the payment confirmation and the tenant receives the access
code.
6. If the tenant obtains access to the yacht with the provided access code, the payment
to the owner is executed and the owner receives the money. Further, the broker(s)
will also automatically receive the broker fee as a percentage of the gross amount.
7. If it appears that the access code supplied by the owner is wrong or the contractual
agreement is not met, the tenant receives a refund.
8. If it appears that the tenant did not attempt to access the yacht before a predefined
cut-off time, the owner gets a liquidated damages payment according to the
contractual agreement.
9. After a successful rental period the tenant receives a refund of any deposit(s) made
for the yacht and other advance allowances (e.g. fuel, food, beverages).
10. At the end of the agreement, the smart contract is fulfilled and remains stored in the
blockchain network.
Elitium can offer bespoke smart contract technology to partners across industries — not just
yacht charters — to improve core processes beyond recognition.

12

3. Elitium Products
Elitium offers a suite of products that give users a variety of ways to maximize the value they
get from the platform. The products are interconnected so as to create an ecosystem that
powers a next-generation economy.
Elitium’s secondary focus is on building products that make cryptocurrency as accessible as
possible for as broad a user base as possible. With the above in mind, we have built a
product set with mass-market appeal.

3.1 Elitium Suite
The Elitium Suite is a curated marketplace where users can source, browse, and book
money-can’t-buy experiences, goods or services from across the globe. It forms a collection
of categories across segments, so users can find precisely what they love alongside a
number of unexpected, yet exclusive goings-on.
The Elitium Suite comprises experiences that span categories including Air, Water, Earth,
and Fire. While products and services comprise a mix of specially-sourced Art, Collectibles,
Jewelry, Beverages, and an array of miscellany, also known as Hidden Gems.
See below for select offerings that could be available in the Elitium Suite:
●
●
●
●
●

Experience nights beneath the ocean in a sub-sea level residence
Explore the white desert of Antarctica in one day
Stay on an island where past U.S. presidents have spent holidays
Design your own custom yacht voyage to uncharted territory
See the 7 watery wonders of the world in just seven years

The Elitium Suite is a marketplace like no other: it is the only place in the world where users
can find exclusive, money-can’t-buy Elitium experiences.

3.2 Elitium Staking Program
Elitium offers an in-house staking program that rewards participants up to 6.5% per year for
holding a balance of EUM in their staking wallet. Participants receive rewards for the staked
EUM balance on a variable cycle — typically within a few days of the first of the month —
and are free to withdraw their funds at any moment they choose.
The EUM Staking Program works as a web application. As such, it forms part of the app
experience, as well as being available as a standalone service across devices and operating
systems, with dedicated cold-storage and multi-signature protection ensuring maximum
security.

3.2.1 How Elitium staking works

13

Elitium designed its staking program to be simple and accessible for all. Users require
next-to-no technical knowledge to start staking, which effectively means anyone can stake a
balance of EUM to earn rewards.
To start staking, participants simply have to:
1. Sign up to the Elitium Dashboard
2. Start staking automatically with a deposit of EUM (no minimum, no lock-up)
3. Stop staking, and withdraw at any time
The simplicity of the system is rare for the sector. As such, it can help drive mass adoption
of cryptocurrency by giving users a straightforward on-ramp via an easy-to-use interface —
in doing so, staking makes digital currency accessible to all.

3.3 Elitium Card
Currency only becomes useful when it becomes spendable. The Elitium Card makes that
happen. Moreover, it’s one of the only cards that lets users spend a cryptocurrency directly
(rather than first converting it to Bitcoin for a fee, before a user can spend).
The Elitium Card represents a simplified debit card with membership benefits, offering
access to a unique lifestyle that includes exclusive, money-can’t-buy experiences, as well as
automated cashback for spending within the Elitium ecosystem.
The Elitium card stands alone thanks to three core benefits:
●
●
●

Buy anything with EUM, anywhere in the world
Receive cashback on every purchase
Be part of the Elitium community

3.3.1 Spend EUM anywhere that accepts VISA
Cardholders can use the Elitium Card at upwards of 46 million merchants worldwide or at
ATMs to withdraw cash. Equally, users can spend at any merchant that accepts Apple Pay,
Google Pay, or Samsung Pay. Or, they can send cryptocurrency across the world using any
Elitium Card username or standard email address (note: recipients of funds do not have to
be Elitium Card holders).

3.3.2 Core Features
The Elitium Card is unique in the sector as it offers a variety of value-driven,
customer-centric services, including:
●
●
●
●
●

Use anywhere that accepts VISA (46m+ merchants)
Funds stay in crypto until the moment of transaction
Email crypto funds to friends and family
Compatible with mobile payments (Apple Pay, Google Pay, Samsung Pay)
No transaction or deposit fees

14

●

Registered with FINRA (U.S. jurisdiction)

3.4 Growth Program
The Growth Program incentivizes users to become active in the Elitium community, spread
a positive message, and receive rewards for their efforts. Users can enroll automatically: all
that is required is they sign up to the Elitium platform. Elitium then offers generous bonuses
— with rewards increasing in proportion to the value created by each user.
Users can earn rewards automatically by performing a selection of tasks, including (but not
limited to):
●
●
●
●
●
●

Following social media channels
Liking articles or sharing on social media
Referring new users of the platform
Writing articles related to Elitium
Growing Elitium by sourcing new partners
Talking about Elitium to grow the user base

Elitium has committed a pool of 1,000,000 EUM to reward Growth Program participants for
relevant activities — the pool may increase over time or when the initial amount has been
distributed.

3.5 Vera: AI-enabled concierge
The strategy of Elitium is not only limited to introducing innovative FinTech solutions. We
are equally committed to enhancing traditional services with cutting-edge technologies,
including artificial intelligence.

3.5.1 What is artificial intelligence (AI)?
Artificial intelligence (AI) refers to intelligent behaviours performed by machines, which is
different from ‘natural intelligence’ that is displayed by humans. Typically, AI refers to a
machine that mimics cognitive functions of humans (e.g., problem solving, learning and
automation).
By doing this, the machine perceives its environment and takes actions to maximize the
chance of a successful outcome of its goals. Moreover, AI already exists since the early 50’s.
However, it is only in recent times that the technology has advanced in a way that it can be
used as a reliable tool for key business tasks. This could range from basic customer service,
to highly personalized tasks and more advanced problem-solving activities.

3.5.2 Why use artificial intelligence (AI) for Elitium?
Elitium aims to maximize customer experience on the platform by empowering customer
service representatives and human concierges with AI technology. The use of AI technology
has a great potential to support employees in delivering exceptional customer experience
and careful assistance. This combination enables Elitium to deliver a new kind of customer

15

experience with a wide range of benefits, including: instant communication, personalized
customer experience, and improved efficiency.

Figure 6 – Key reasons for using Artificial Intelligence (AI)

Instant communication
The use of AI could dramatically improve timely responses towards customer questions and
requests, which is generally considered a key challenge in customer service. The ability of
AI-powered customer service bots to carry out traditionally human functions at any time of
the day is a great potential for eliminating human error and delivering superior service.
AI technology has proven to be very effective in direct messaging and online chat services
that respond to customers. With instantaneous responses (e.g. 24/7), it provides a superior
customer service in comparison with human-to-human interaction. Additionally, AI-powered
bots are able to automatically recognize if a customer requires a real person to solve more
complex topics, this enables a more effective and efficient use of the ‘human’ value-add.
Personalized customer experience
Many aspects of the activities of consumers in the luxury market are captured in massive
amounts of data, which often remain unused. Combining this data with AI technology is
highly valuable for Elitium to create high-grade personalization and exceptional customer
experiences. Hence, this represents an important opportunity for utilizing AI technology for
its ability to capture preferences of customers and tailoring highly personalized
recommendations.
Here, the concierge service in the Elitium App is a great example: a wide range of activities
can be automated by combining AI and our payment solution (such as, e.g., ticket
bookings, hotel reservations, taxi booking). Lastly, the AI powered solutions of Elitium can
continuously learn throughout time by interacting with customers to continuously improve
our service towards customers.
Improved efficiency
AI powered bots can lighten the load on customer service staff while still maintaining a
private and personalized service for guests. The reduced workload is a unique opportunity
for employees to dedicate themselves to combining artificial intelligence and ‘real

16

intelligence’ for optimized customer interaction. Besides, the use of AI technology also
enables Elitium to target larger consumer bases without suffering a loss in the level of
customer service, thereby facilitating growth of the platform.

17

4. Elitium App
The Elitium app offers a gateway into everything Elitium. It’s an intuitive platform with a
streamlined payments process, letting Elitium users find, book or purchase money-can’t-buy
experiences, goods or services from across the globe; check investments in unique
tokenized assets; manage a staking balance; or, simply verify transactions within the Elitium
platform.
Consumers can access the app on any iOS or Android device, with EUM ensuring a
seamless global payments solution:
■
■
■
■

Putting unique experiences just a click away
Offering a single point of access to manage spending, holding and transferring of
funds
Developing deeper relationships with customers and partners across the ecosystem
Offering an AI-enabled personal concierge service to all users

The app puts the Elitium experience in the palm of everyone’s hands.

4.1 A gateway into Elitium
The app spans four segments: a marketplace for experiences, goods and services; wallet
management; AI-enabled concierge, and account management.
Elitium Suite
Users of Elitium can access a curated marketplace to book a range of unique,
money-can’t-buy experiences, goods and services, directly in the app:
■
■
■
■

Book a sub-ocean hotel escape or a ski trip to the Himalayas
Purchase unique pieces of art or vintage wines
Access one-of-a-kind exclusives
Pay in EUM or with other common payment methods

Wallet management
All users can define individual preferences for managing their Fiat currencies and EUM, for
example:
■
■
■
■
■
■
■

Purchase EUM with fiat- or cryptocurrencies
Deposit and withdraw EUM to and from your wallet
Track rewards earned via Elitium loyalty programs
Review transactions and spend on your Elitium account
Stake EUM to grow your balance by up to 6.5% per year
Manage connected bank accounts and credit cards
Follow market news and price developments of EUM

After successful purchases on the platform, a percentage of the spend is returned to the
customer as part of the Elitium loyalty program. These cashback rewards are paid out in

18

EUM coins and can be used for purchases of goods and services — or converted into Fiat
currency via the dashboard.

Figure 6 – Demo views of the Elitium app

VERA: ​AI-enabled concierge
The Elitium app includes a wide range of support functionalities, each backed up by
Elitium’s own AI-enabled smart assistant, VERA:
■
■
■
■
■

Chat to Elitium’s ​V​irtual ​Ex​ ecutive ​Ro
​ bot ​A​ssistant (VERA)
Make, update or cancel bookings
Request various personal concierge services
Get pre-sale support (e.g. assistance in service/product selection)
Ask a powerful personal assistant to take care of everyday activities

Account management
Users of the Elitium app have a wide range of functionalities available for user account
management, such as:
■
■

Editing and updating personal information
Upgrading to different membership tiers for enhanced features, offers and services

■

Personalizing the in-app experience (e.g., by selecting the native Fiat currency from
EUR, USD, JPY, and more)
Extensive KYC/AML verification to comply with international regulations
Editing privacy settings and define user anonymity level
Managing 2FA verification for maximum security

■
■
■

19

Figure 7 – Demo views of the Elitium app

Elitium’s primary focus is on building products that make cryptocurrency accessible while
also creating value for a broad user base — with that in mind, we have built an app to
compliment our product suite and offer mass-market appeal.

20

5. The Elitium Coin (EUM)
EUM is an ERC-20 coin. ERC-20 coins are used on the Ethereum blockchain. They follow a
list of standards so that they can be shared or exchanged for other coins on global
exchanges, or stored in an Ethereum-compatible crypto-wallet (read more ​here​).
Ethereum-based tokens are hence some of the most accessible and applicable
cryptocurrencies that exist today.

5.1 Coin basics
EUM is live on the Ethereum blockchain, with a total supply of 332,200,000 EUM. EUM is
currently listed on BitMart and STEX, with plans to list on more mainstream exchanges
thanks to the following coin attributes:
■
■
■
■
■
■
■

EUM uses industry-leading blockchain architecture
Created/killed several smarts contracts for direct research purpose (burn/pair/swap)
Built a customized and proprietary mineable coin architecture from scratch
Implemented pairing/swapping capabilities
Developed using Solidity (the programming language used to code Ethereum)
Developed to be compatible with all ETH wallets (such as MyEtherWallet, Mist and
Metamask)
Developed to comply with the ERC-20 standard, which guarantees the compatibility
of the coin with 3​rd​-party services and ensures ease of integration

5.1.1 Ethereum Blockchain
Ethereum is a blockchain protocol – powered by the native cryptocurrency Ether (ETH) –
which operates as a smart contract platform and decentralized operating system. The
Ethereum software is intended for the deployment of large-scale decentralized applications
through a decentralized autonomous corporation model.
More specifically, Ethereum introduces a new blockchain architecture designed to enable
vertical and horizontal scaling of decentralized applications (dApps). A dApp is essentially
an application that runs its backend code on a decentralized peer-to-peer network — in
contrast to a standard app where the backend code runs on centralized servers.
This results in a technology with a blockchain architecture that has the potential to scale up
to millions of transactions per second, significantly reduce user fees, and allow fast and easy
deployment and maintenance of dApps.

5.1.2 Why build on Ethereum?
The Ethereum platform was designed to solve inefficiencies and meet all requirements for
improving the speed of developing and deploying dApps. Moreover, the Ethereum
platform provides many benefits for Elitium and other companies, including:
Support of industrial-scale applications

21

In order for Elitium to operate on a global scale equivalent to eBay, Uber, AirBnB, or
Facebook, the platform requires blockchain technology capable of handling millions of
active daily users. The Ethereum software has the potential to handle and support a large
number of user requests and reach industrial-scale user bases. This is a key advantage for
the development of Elitium as this enables handling millions of requests and daily
transactions generated on the platform.
Low latency
Elitium aims to introduce an excellent user experience, which requires timely and reliable
feedback to users while using the application. Typically, users demand reliable feedback
with a delay of no more than a few seconds as longer delays make the solution less
competitive with traditional solutions. As the Ethereum software supports and prioritizes low
latency of transactions on the platform it makes it perfectly suitable for the use cases of
Elitium.
Consistent performance with high workloads
A key characteristic of highly scalable decentralized applications is the capability of division
of work capacity across numerous nodes and processing units. The handling of high
workloads is of paramount importance Elitium envisions to bring its solutions to a global
scale with millions of daily users. The Ethereum platform enables efficient, enhanced
parallel performance to handle the dApp workload, which is an essential characteristic for
developing Elitium.
Cost efficiency
Within the Ethereum platform, application developers have the flexibility to offer users free
services; users should not have to pay in order to use the platform or benefit from its
services. Hence, the free-to-use policy of the blockchain platform is also a potential catalyst
for widespread adoption and user growth. This allows Elitium to have a low-cost and
efficient way of operating the platform and creates several opportunities for effective
monetization strategies.
Easy upgrades and bug recovery
Businesses that are developing blockchain-based applications require the flexibility to
enhance their applications with new features and upgrades, this is especially relevant for
Elitium as an innovator in the luxury industry. The software of Ethereum supports ongoing
development and provides the flexibility that Elitium requires for e.g. smart-contract code
versioning and adding new features to existing dApps.

5.2 Coin functions
EUM is an intrinsic element in Elitium’s business model as the coin plays a central role in our
ecosystem. In general, a large part of the business model of Elitium is estimated to consist
of generating payments, transaction fees and commission fees. Hence, the daily use of the
platform is expected to generate a continuous flow of transactions between several
different parties.

22

The flow of transactions is designed to be settled with the EUM coin in a fast, secure and
efficient manner. More specifically, the EUM coin is powered by the blockchain technology
of Ethereum to enable high efficiency and security of executing a high volume of
transactions.

Figure 10 – Application of smart contracts powered by EUM

Thus, the EUM coin is used to settle, e.g. transaction fees, commission fees, deposits and
loyalty rewards, as well as the execution of smart contracts. In this way, all transaction flows
between different parties in the ecosystem is coordinated and executed though predefined
and customized smart contracts.
In addition, the increase in efficiency allows Elitium to offer highly competitive transaction
fees and commission fees to members and partners, respectively.

23

6. Elitium Capital
Since inception, Elitium has focused on exploring the full potential of blockchain technology
and the different contexts to which it can be applied. Elitium’s latest development is the
introduction of a digital share platform known as Elitium Capital (ECAP).
Elitium Capital is opening a new world of investment opportunities to a global audience,
delivering accessibility and transparency to previously exclusive, opaque markets. Today,
Elitium Capital sits at the core of the Elitium vision.

6.1 Digital Asset Platform (DAP)
The Elitium Capital Digital Asset Platform (DAP) turns real-world assets into digital shares,
releasing equity in projects that hold a broad investor appeal and significant potential ROI.
The DAP helps businesses raise capital by tokenizing internal assets; it helps miners fund
operations by tokenizing commodities; it lets developers fund work by tokenizing projects.
In covering such a wide array of investment opportunities across a variety of sectors, Elitium
Capital’s Digital Asset Platform aims to help every investor build a solid and truly diversified
portfolio via a secure, transparent investment process.

Figure 8 – Pitch page and portfolio page from the DAP prototype

The simple, investor-focused interface offers access to exclusive investment opportunities,
each paired with state-of-the-art security and supported by all the other benefits that the
blockchain technology has in store.

24

The platform attracts users by offering a clear pipeline of attractive investments and it can
become a showcase for the world of Digital Share Offerings — ultimately, Elitium Capital
can become the world’s Digital Asset Platform of choice.

6.2 Self-managed investment ecosystem
In-line with the broader Elitium strategy, Elitium Capital aims to offer a comprehensive
ecosystem in which participants can carry out any investment-related activity they choose.
To this end, Elitium Capital has the necessary framework in place to coordinate the
end-to-end tokenization of exclusive real-world assets, including:
●
●
●
●

The legal framework necessary to issue digital shares (inc. administration &
distribution)
Full KYC and AML/CFT compliance across USA & Europe
Dividend payouts, exchange access, and 24/7 trading opportunities
Extensive reporting and settlement functionality

Elitium Capital offers investors the chance to build a truly diversified portfolio through
investing in an entirely different asset class, while enjoying full deal transparency enabled by
the blockchain infrastructure.
On the other side, asset owners can release liquidity from an existing asset base, raise funds
for further investment, or use the Elitium app to drum up custom for an existing operation.

6.3 Old world meets new
The launch of Elitium Capital marks a shift in the world of investing. It enables a much wider
pool of assets to become available for investment, including unique and exclusive projects
that were not accessible before without the network. Moreover, it allows individuals to
participate in capital raising events, alongside institutions and funds.
In combining the traditional world of finance with the progressive capabilities of blockchain
technology, Elitium Capital is creating a new status quo: a paradigm shift in which at some
point in the future, there are no limits as to who can invest in what.
Rather, if an asset has attractive ROI potential, then anyone can choose to invest. It is a
more inclusive, open-minded, and open-ended approach to the world of finance — the
precise qualities that Elitium has stood for since the outset.
For a full overview of the Elitium Capital platform, refer to the associated Elitium Capital
White Paper.

25

7. Elitium Business
Elitium Business offers a specialist consultancy service to firms exploring blockchain
technology. The offering includes a Blockchain-as-a-Service solution that represents a
turnkey offering for any business interested in integrating the technology that runs Elitium.

7.1 Three Pillars of EBUS
The focus of Elitium Business centers on three pillars, each of which offers profit
maximization strategies to clients.
The three pillars span three core business functions:
1. Business development
Clients receive direct support from the Elitium team to optimise existing workflows
and automate recurring processes using the advantages that blockchain technology
can offer. This can decrease the manpower necessary to fulfill the clients service,
while maintaining or even increasing the quality of it, leading to profit maximisation.
2. Technology
Clients work with Elitium’s technology partner Syncrasy, getting access to a team of
150+ experienced developers. The offer includes integrating Elitium’s
Blockchain-as-a-Service solution, including upgrades in both data security and
revenue cash flow, and exploring possibilities in artificial intelligence to process
data.
3. Marketing
Elitium occupies a unique position: our team marries excellence in luxury, hospitality
and technology, unleashing a potent marketing force. Elitium Business partners gain
access to the Elitium marketing team (alongside network partners) to create global
PR campaigns, performance marketing campaigns (boosted by PPC/digital
marketing), and exclusives enabled by Elitium (including e.g., sponsorship of
Elitium-hosted events, attended by both Elitium’s partner network and Elitium
clientele).

7.2 Why partner with Elitium Business?
Elitium Business offers three benefits thanks to a tried-and-tested, standardized process.
Domain specialists work with partners to analyze business models, processes, and
marketing (inc. offline & online presence). They devise customized proposals around
automating and optimizing business processes. They define a go-to-market strategy —
coupled with a roadmap and concrete action plan — which ends with the implementation
of the BaaS solution.

26

Elitium Business also tracks and benchmarks success using key performance indicators like
improvements in revenue, growth of market share, and increased brand visibility — as well
as cost and time savings.
Ultimately, the partnership enables three key benefits:
Release time
Blockchain technology enhances business efficiency. When companies partner with Elitium
Business, they can automate processes using Elitium’s unique BaaS solution, centered
around smart contracts, artificial intelligence, and bespoke in-house software — which help
release time through streamlined processes.
Maximize profit
Improved technology helps lower operating costs, with less expenditure on employee
wages and salaries. Moreover, Elitium’s experience in digital can further boost revenues via
innovative online marketing strategies, helping to grow partners’ bottom lines. Lastly, in
adopting blockchain technology early on, companies can take first-mover advantage and
quickly establish themselves as a sector leader.
Spearhead a revolution
Partnership enables a vision whose whole is greater than the sum of its parts. Elitium
Business offers partners a way to integrate Elitium products, including leveraging the digital
asset platform and global marketing campaigns.

At its heart, Elitium Business is about uniting companies
around a common goal: to redefine the working practices of
the future.

27

8. Company
8.1 Organizational setup
Elitium Ltd. is registered in Gibraltar. Gibraltar has established itself as a blockchain-friendly
jurisdiction due to the government’s early engagement in embracing the new technology,
and the British Overseas Territory stands out thanks to its forward-thinking regulatory
agenda with an innovative vision on the future economy.
Gibraltar took the ambitious step in being the first jurisdiction in Europe that actively
regulated firms operating in the space of blockchain. The development of the regulatory
framework has been carried out in close relation with the industry to create a framework
that protects consumers and safeguards the jurisdiction’s reputation.
Part of Elitium’s organizational structure is based in Switzerland, as operating a Swiss
subsidiary fits the organization’s long-term strategy. Moreover, Switzerland has been named
the ‘most blockchain-friendly country in Europe’ (ref. Blockchain Conference Europe 2018)
and provides a lot of support for blockchain start-ups.
The above is why Elitium Capital AG is registered in Zug — the “epicentre of Crypto Valley”
— as basing Elitium Capital’s headquarters in Switzerland lends several distinct advantages
in the context of its operations and capabilities.
Finally, Elitium operates an Estonian entity, Elitium Services OÜ. The purpose of the entity is
to ensure full compliance of all of Elitium activity throughout the European market as Elitium
has two Estonian crypto-licenses in place.
The organizational setup described above gives Elitium full flexibility to grow and develop
in a controlled, secure, and compliant way.

8.2 Company structure
Elitium comprises several departments that collectively dedicate themselves to providing
excellent service to all participants within the wider Elitium ecosystem.
Executive team
The Elitium executive team is spread across the Gibraltar and Swiss head offices to
maximize operational efficiency and ensure ongoing compliance in the necessary
jurisdictions.
Technology team
The wider Elitium technology team comprises 150+ developers. This includes leadership
with deep experience of blockchain technology (spanning development, the founding of
exchanges, mining, and deeper blockchain community initiatives). The main focus of the
team is the continuous improvement of Elitium products, with a primary focus on Elitium
Capital and the Experience App.

28

Commercial team
Elitium has operational, commercial, business development, and marketing teams in place
that manage commercial activities and business development strategies — including
initiating new partnerships with global brands in order to expand the offerings of the Elitium
ecosystem.

8.3 Business models
Elitium’s business model is designed to generate constant and reliable revenue streams in
order to consistently grow and expand the business. The company generates revenues in
the following ways:
■
■
■
■
■

Commission fees​ (per successful transaction — partners)
Setup fees ​(single fee incurred by new partners joining Elitium)
Advertisement fees ​(partners paying to promote their services and goods in the Elitium
platform — e.g. highlighting new products, promoting exclusive event/offers)
Listing fees​ (on Elitium Capital Digital Share Offerings)
BaaS platform access fees​ (Elitium Business partners)

Figure 9 – Business models overview

8.4 Charitable contributions
The Elitium business model focuses on creating value for all. This mission extends to charity.
By 2021, Elitium plans to donate 1% of monthly profits generated through platform activity
to a selection of global charitable organizations.
Elitium is currently in touch with multiple foundations to discuss this unique opportunity.
Based on ongoing discussions, we plan to make a decision with regards to selecting
suitable parties to become Elitium’s charity partner(s) and receive the donations.

29

In the first year of contributions (2021), Elitium management will select the charity(-ies) that
Elitium will partner with. Thereafter, Elitium will hold annual votes through which Elitium
users can decide which charity(-ies) will be selected as Elitium’s partner(s).

30

9. Legal considerations, risks and disclaimer
IMPORTANT NOTICE: PROSPECTIVE SUBSCRIBERS SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THE
WHOLE OF THIS WHITE PAPER, TOGETHER WITH THE "LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS,
RISKS AND DISCLAIMERS” AVAILABLE ON ​www.elitium.io​. ​ WE RECOMMEND YOU
CONSULT A LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S) OR
EXPERTS FOR FURTHER GUIDANCE PRIOR TO PARTICIPATING IN THE ELITIUM LIMITED
COIN SALE. YOU ARE STRONGLY ADVISED TO TAKE INDEPENDENT LEGAL ADVICE IN
RESPECT OF THE LEGALITY IN YOUR JURISDICTION OF YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE
COIN PURCHASES. YOU SHOULD NOTE THAT YOUR ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND
ACCEPTANCE OF THE COIN PURCHASES TERMS AND CONDITIONS REPRESENTS
THAT YOU HAVE SOUGHT PRIOR INDEPENDENT LEGAL ADVICE.
Please note that this is a summary of the legal considerations, risks and disclaimers paper
which can be found on ​www.elitium.io​ and which we advise you to read in full before: (i)
making use of this White Paper and any and all information available on the website of
Elitium Limited (the “​Company​”) at ​www.elitium.io​ (the “​Website​”; all the information in the
White Paper and all information available on the Website hereinafter referred to as the
“​Available Information​”) and/or (ii) participating in the Company’s coin purchases outlined
in the Available Information (the “​Coin purchases​”). Any undefined capitalised terms below
shall have the meaning set out in the “Legal Considerations, Risks and Disclaimers” paper.
This summary should not be relied on in place of reading the “Legal Considerations, Risks
and Disclaimers” paper in full.
The “Legal Considerations, Risks and Disclaimers” paper, the full version of which was
mentioned above, applies to the Available Information. The contents of the “Legal
Considerations, Risks and Disclaimer” paper outlines the terms and conditions applicable to
you in connection with (i) your use of any and all Available Information; and/or (ii) your
participation in the Coin purchases, in each case in addition to any other terms and
conditions that we may publish from time to time relating to the Coin purchases and the
Available Information (such terms hereinafter referred to as the “​Terms​”).
The information set forth in the “Legal Considerations, Risks and Disclaimers” paper may
not be exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a contractual relationship. While we
make every reasonable effort to ensure that all Available Information is accurate and up to
date, such material in no way constitutes professional advice. Individuals intending to
participate in the Coin purchases should seek independent professional advice prior to
acting on any of the Available Information.
The Company does not recommend purchasing Coins for speculative investment purposes.
Coins do not entitle you to any equity, governance, dividend, voting or similar right or
entitlement in the Company or in any of its affiliated companies. Coins are sold as digital
assets, similar to downloadable software, digital music and the like. The Company does not
recommend that you purchase Coins unless you have prior experience with cryptographic
Coins, blockchain-based software and distributed ledger technology and unless you have
taken independent professional advice.

31

Citizens, nationals, residents (tax or otherwise), green card holders and/or Restricted
Persons of any Restricted Jurisdiction shall not process the Available Information and are
prohibited from participating in the Coin purchases or the purchase of Coins or any such
similar activity.
In no event shall the Company or any current or former Company Representatives be liable
for the Excluded Liability Matters.
The Company does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation,
warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any
representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness
of any of the information set out in the Available Information.
You should carefully consider and evaluate each of the risk factors and all other information
contained in the Terms before deciding to participate in the Coin purchases.
Please refer to the full version of the “Legal considerations, risks and disclaimers” published
on ​www.elitium.io/disclaimer.pdf​ to educate yourself regarding further legal disclaimers
which govern this document.

32

10. Responsibility Statement
The directors of Elitium Limited have issued this white paper and have taken all reasonable
care to ensure that the facts stated in this document are true and accurate in all material
respects, and that there are no other facts the omission of which would make misleading
any statement in the document, whether or facts or of opinion. The directors accept
responsibility accordingly.

11. GDPR
**The information below will only be applied for data that’s being collected through the use
of the Elitium app**
Personal data refers to any information that tells us something about you or that we can link
to you. This includes your name, address, date of birth, e-mail address, IP address. You
share personal information with us, for example when you: visit our website, complete a(n)
(online) (application) form or contact us through one of our channels.
All personal data which is received by us through our websites, portals and any other means
shall be treated by Elitium with due care. At all times Elitium shall adhere to the strict
obligations of the General Data Protection Regulation, the Data Protection Act and the
Telecommunications Act.
In accordance with applicable law Elitium shall take appropriate technical and organisational
measures to ensure confidentiality and integrity of your personal data and the way this
personal data will be processed.
Elitium shall only retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary for the purpose as
initially required. After this period has lapsed Elitium shall ensure your personal data will be
deleted or erased.

33

12. Note from Raoul Milhado, Elitium Co-founder
“Elitium is building digital solutions that solve real-world problems related to
currency, to finance, to how people enjoy their everyday lives.
What we are building is an ecosystem spanning digital investments and digital
luxuries: products that will alter expectations around what currency can do.
After all, currency has moved from gold to paper — paper to a cashless society.
Now, the world needs to turn truly digital, and our own currency EUM can make that
happen.
In doing so, Elitium can unlock a wealth of opportunity for all.”

34

Join us on ​Telegram
Follow us on ​Twitter
Check us on ​Instagram
Sign up today and ​discover Elitium​.​

35

