Superior Distributed Decentralized Ledger Blockchain Technology

ABSTRACT
About eight years ago, a pseudonymous cryptographer

designed with lot of new features. EmaratCoin aims to

known as Satoshi Nakamoto introduced Bitcoin as a digital

solve money issues by using blockchain technology to

analog to gold: Limited in supply, but secured by modern

create a new kind of cryptocurrency, where each coin is

cryptography, and made for the internet age. Following

backed by gold, bitcoin and other financial commodities at

Satoshi’s footsteps, many tried to improve on Satoshi’s

launch. In addition, each transaction of EmaratCoin (AEC)

original vision, and thousands of alternative

generates a small transaction fee as a mining fee. Each

cryptocurrencies were born. Despite significant recent

AEC increases in real value over time, making Emarat

developments and innovation, the market for

unique among cryptocurrencies. This paper will explore

cryptocurrencies remains very niche. Cryptocurrencies still

how Emarat as an alternative cryptocurrency will function,

have shortcomings that discourage mainstream use, in

the products and services associated, the asset details and

particular high volatility and barriers to entry. It’s also worth

about how may Emarat result in better outcomes for its

noting that existing cryptocurrencies have not been

participants.

2

The Superior Distributed
Decentralized Ledger
Blockchain Technology.

Emarat Coin is the most beautiful and
powerful attempt so far to create 100x
faster, powerful, secure & cheaper
blockchain technology

3

DISCLAIMER
Information provided on this website and other forms of

in this website. Except insofar as any liability under statute

media is general in nature and does not constitute financial

cannot be excluded, Emarat Coin and their employees do

advice. Emarat Coin will endeavor to update the website on

not accept any liability for any error or omission on Emarat

a regular basis. However, information can change without

Coin (AEC) or for any resulting loss or damage suffered by

notice and Emarat Coin do not guarantee the accuracy of

the recipient or any other person.

information, including information provided by third parties, at
any particular time. Every effort has been made to ensure

Unless otherwise specified, copyright of information provided

that the information provided is accurate. You must not rely

on this whitepaper or website is owned by Emarat Coin. You

on this information to make a financial or investment

may not alter or modify this information in any way, including

decision. Before making any decision, we recommend you

the removal of this copyright notice.

consult a financial planner or cryptocurrency expert or our

Emarat Coin may also disclose personal information to other

advisor to take into account your particular investment

financial institutions and organizations at their request if you

objectives, financial situation and individual needs.

seek credit from them. Emarat Coin may be obliged to

Emarat Coin do not give any warranty as to the accuracy,

disclose information by law, e.g. under Court Orders or

reliability or completeness of information which is contained

Statutory Notices pursuant to taxation or social security laws.
4

Blockchain
Technology

A blockchain is a distributed database, which makes the
creation of a digital ledger of transactions and share it among a
distributed network of computers possible. It uses
cryptography to allow each participant on the network to
manipulate the ledger in a secure way without the need for a
central authority. It maintains a continuously-growing list of
records (blocks), each containing a timestamps and a link to
the previous one.
Emarat Coin is built and available on a blockchain Technology.
The main reason for using blockchain technology in the
development of Emarat Coin (AEC) is to provide a
decentralized infrastructure that is stable and secure for all the
involving parties.

5

Transfer anywhere,
Ignoring geographic
and political barriers.

Trading

Staking

The purpose of Emarat Coin is to
serve as a digital-age payment system
as well as provide financial freedom
and independence.

Lending

Mining

6

Growth
of
Blockchain
Technology

Blockchain technology offers a secure, fast, and cheaper
medium of carrying out online transaction and online transfer
of information without the need of third party verification. The
adoption of blockchain technology in financial services sector
has gained traction. Banking sector is willing to explore
opportunities which would make the banking transactions more
transparent and easy to process. Increased penetration of
digital technology in the banking sector has resulted in the
development of easy to use online platforms and applications.
This drives the need to carry out the online transactions in a
secure manner.
Blockchain technology eliminates the frauds due to errors and
identity theft to a large extent. Hence the financial services
sector has been keen in exploring the technology before
undertaking a wide scale deployment of this technology. This
technology can benefit industries such as music and
healthcare by offering easy access and exchange of digital
data of these industries over the Internet.
Blockchain is a technology that will transform everything fro m
the finance industry to global supply chains, and the
companies that build it will get very rich.
7

The demand for blockchain technology is expected to increase in the coming years owing to the investments in
blockchain technology. America is expected to lead the blockchain technology market during the forecast
period. Asia Pacific region is expected to witness the highest growth rate of blockchain technology during the
forecast period. The Middle East is in the early phases of adoption of the technology. The blockchain technology
market is compressive of a large number of startups. The growth of blockchain technology startups was aided by
huge venture capital investments during the period from 2015 to 2017. The market is expected to be hit by a huge
wave of mergers and acquisitions in the coming years.

8

• Services / Bullet Points

Blockchain technology offers a
secure, fast, and cheaper medium of
carrying out online transaction and
online transfer of information without
the need of third party verification.

• aidea - Multipurpose PowerPoint Template

Trustless Exchange

Transparency and immutability

Two parties are able to make an exchange without the oversight
or intermediation of a third party, strongly reducing, or even
eliminating, counterparty risk.

Changes to public blockchain are viewable by all parties
creating transparency, and all transactions are immutable,
meaning they cannot be altered or deleted

Empowered users

Durability, reliability, and longevity

Users are in control of all their information and transactions so
no one controls the accounts access except users. No central
banking / government involved.

Thanks to the decentralized networks, blockchain does not have
a central point of failure and is better able to withstand malicious
attacks.

9

CryptoCurrencies

21st-century unicorn – or the money of the future?
Today cryptocurrencies have become a global phenomenon
known to most people. While still somehow geeky and not
understood by most people, banks, governments and many
companies are aware of its importance. Cryptocurrency is a
form of digital money that is designed to be secure and, in
many cases, anonymous.
It is a currency associated with the internet that uses
cryptography, the process of converting legible information into
an almost uncrack able code, to track purchases and transfers.

Cryptography was born out of the need for secure
communication in the Second World War. It has evolved in the
digital era with elements of mathematical theory and computer
science to become a way to secure communications,
information and money online.

10

The first cryptocurrency was bitcoin, which was created in
2009 and is still the best known. There has been a proliferation
of cryptocurrencies in the past decade and there are now more
than 900 available on the internet.
Cryptocurrencies use decentralized technology to let users
make secure payments and store money without the need to
use their name or go through a bank. They run on a distributed
public ledger called blockchain, which is a record of all
transactions updated and held by currency holders.
Units of cryptocurrency are created through a process called
mining, which involves using computer power to solve
complicated math’s problems that generate coins. Users can
also buy the currencies from brokers, then store and spend
those using cryptographic wallets.
Cryptocurrencies and applications of blockchain technology
are still nascent in financial terms and more uses should be
expected. Transactions including bonds, stocks and other
financial assets could eventually be traded using the
technology.
11

Why
Cryptocurrencies?

Cryptocurrencies are known for being secure and providing a
level of anonymity. Transactions in them cannot be faked or
reversed and there tend to be low fees, making it more reliable
than conventional currency. Their decentralized nature means
they are available to everyone, where banks can be exclusive
in who they will let open accounts.
As a new form of cash, the cryptocurrency markets have been
known to take off meaning a small investment can become a
large sum overnight. But the same works the other way.
People look to invest in cryptocurrencies should be aware of
the volatility of the market and the risks they take when
buying.
Because of the level of anonymity they offer, cryptocurrencies
are often associated with illegal activity, particularly on the dark
web. Users should be careful about the connotations when
choosing to buy the currencies.

12

How Cryptocurrencies Works?

13

Cryptocurrency Related

Discussion

Bill Gates
Co-Founder, Microsoft

Bitcoin is exciting because it shows how cheap it
can be. Bitcoin is better than currency in that you
don’t have to be physically in the same place and,
of course, for large transactions, currency can get
pretty inconvenient.
Source: Bloomberg

14

First consumer-oriented
cryptocurrency is launched
in United Arab Emirates

Emarat Coin is a decentralized electronic currency
developed in 2017 by successful financial experts.
It is not “owned” by any group or business or
individual. The Emarat Coin is controlled directly
by the individual owners themselves, a system
known as peer-to-peer (P2P)

15

• About
• Aidea - Multipurpose PowerPoint Template

Mathematics secures the network and
empowers individuals to control their own
finances. Emarat Coin features faster
transaction confirmation times and improved
storage efficiency than the leading mathbased currency.

Emarat Coin is an open source, global payment network that is fully
decentralized without any central authorities. AEC will initially focus on the
remittance, trading, staking markets currently dominated by large players.
16

88m
Total Coin Supply

Scrypt Hybrid
(PoW & PoS)
Algorithem

22m

Premined Token for
Initial Coin Distribution

Block Reward
Block Size
Block Time
Confirmations
Proof of Stake

:
:
:
:
:

$0.27
Per AEC
Starting Price

50 AEC
10 MB
10 minutes
6
12% yearly
17

First Cryptocurrency Insured By

5000+
Bitcoins

To Insure User’s Profitability & Maintain Price Drop While Launching in Exchanges

Emarat Coin is the first cryptocurrency in the world which provide profitability and rate assurance
to its users so big whales can’t dump this while launching in any crypto trading exchange. Emarat
Coin will consistently deliver outstanding results and price growth. Emarat Coin can help you build
18
a sustainable, stable financial freedom.

Stake & Earn
In Wallet
The moment you acquire Emarat Coin, it becomes
interest bearing asset with up to 12% return per
year through PoS minting technology. All you have
to do to earn with this method is to hold coins in
your EmaratCoin-QT Wallet. This means anyone
holding Emarat Coins in their wallet will receive
interest on their balance in return for helping
maintain security of network
19

Trade &
Grow Fast
Trading

Their price flow is defined for the most part by
market demand and supply. Thanks to the
complicated code involved cryptocurrencies are
impossible to counterfeit. You can grow your profit
from downward movements in Emarat Coin’s price
by selling them at a higher price and buy them again
at a lower price and pocketing the price difference. If
you wants to profit from short selling, you have to
own Emarat Coin in the first place.

20

Lend & Enjoy
Big Profits
You can enjoy big profits by investing exclusively
from the Lending Platform Dashboard. This
investment option involves profiting from Emarat
Coin’s growth and mining share. You will receive
daily profit based on your investment option.
Upon investment term completion, you will
receive your capital back to take out from the
Emarat Coin lending platform.
21

FINANCIAL SOLUTION FOR EVERYONE

100x Faster, Secure, Cheaper, Powerful than Bitcoin

Aidea Template

22

Emarat Coin (AEC) is first Open Source Superior
Distributed Decentralized Ledger Technology with an
open ledger known as the blockchain v2. EmaratCoin
built a full-scale financial system capable of
organizing all your financial assets using the world’s
most secure & reliable blockchain technology

Users who keep their wallet open to secure the
network via staking will get from 1% to 12% interest
per year (varies according to network weight). Several
members of the community formed a Proof of Stake
mining pool to help & support the market price and
volume by applying upward pressure and this will
result in a huge rise in Emarat Coin's popularity.
EmaratCoin aims to lead the way in blockchain
innovation.

Aims to Moon

OFFICIAL ROADMAP

Official Launching
The Emarat Coin’s Pre-ICO sale
will go live on Dec 2nd, 2017 and
will finish on 31st Dec, 2017

ICO & Final-ICO
The Emarat Coin’s ICO & Final ICO
Sale will start from 1st Jan, 2018
and will finish on 31st Jan, 2018

Coin Distribution
1-15th Feb
Emarat Coin’s will be distributed
after Final ICO completion

03

04

Lending & Staking Platforms
New generation lending & staking
platforms will be released so that can
help users to gain more profit and
more handsome business

05

Public Exchange Listing
15th Feb – 15th Mar
Emarat Coin will be listed in 5
major crypto currency exchanges
including LiveCoin.net, Yobit,
Coinexchange, Bittrex, Poloniex

Green Mining Setup in Georgia
Emarat Coin is not just a crypto
currency, its a complete investment
system as well. We will start our own
mining farm in Georgia in 3rd & 4th
Quarter of 2018 and so 20% of profits
will be divided to all of our community
members

06
07

Aidea Template

Decentralized Debit Card
Emarat Coin will be launching its
complete decentralized debit card
in 1st Quarter of 2019 so every user
can withdrawal his coins directly
using his customized ATM card

28

