DECENTRALIZED BLOCKCHAIN LODGING ECOSYSTEM (VER.1.2—23.10.2017)

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Introduction

3

What is Emphy

4

Vision

5

Market issues

6

Availability of technologies

7

Emphy features

8

Emphy architecture

11

Development prospects

15

Economic model

16

Growth forecast

18

ICO campaign

19

Roadmap

20

Conclusion

21

References

22

INTRODUCTION
Short-term lodging industry is prosperous right now and at the moment it’s valuated at
$100 billion with growth forecast of 168 billion by 20191. There are no signs of growth
slowing down on the short-term lodging market and in the coming years it can seriously
take on the traditional businesses, such as hotels, motels and even hostels.
Distant countries with their culture, exoticism and rich traditions have always attracted
tourists from all over the world. However, often traditional travel planning methods are
not available for these locations. The reasons for this are the lack of house sharing
traditions, security problems, low level of computer skills among the older generation,
as well as technical limitations, such as the lack of necessary information and the ability
to accept non-cash payments. Thus, such a journey becomes a rather dangerous and
unpredictable gamble, an alternative to which can only be traditional and expensive
tourism with hotels, guides and tours. Given the development of modern technology,
such a prospect seems to be unacceptable to us.
The rapid growth of the number of mobile Internet users as well as smartphone users in
virtually all countries opens new opportunities for local residents to earn additional
income and to conduct business. We believe that the availability of smartphones and
the ever-increasing speed of data transfer, coupled with enthusiasm and ingenuity of
the younger generation, will disrupt the short-term rental market even in the most
remote corners of our planet. We are confident that Emphy ecosystem with its
simplicity and functionality will win the users’ hearts and help them to conclude their
first lodging smart-contract.

3

WHAT IS EMPHY
Emphy is a decentralized ecosystem where landlords and tenants meet to conclude
short-term real estate rental contracts .
Blockchain combined with smart contracts will eliminate the dependence on the
centralized system between the participants of the transaction, and will significantly
reduce the commission and help fixing the terms of the agreement (booking and
general conditions) between the owner of the property and the guest. Emphy provides
innovative approaches, openness, convenience and ease of use. The platform will raise
the technology and the process of short-term renting to a new level of development.
The ecosystem will be of interest to landlords, who are engaged in offering real estate
properties (rooms, studios, apartments, houses, etc.) for short-term rent, as well as to
the guests. Emphy will create the most comfortable and clear conditions for all platform
users for achieving their goals. All users of Emphy ecosystem pass the personal
identification and in the future receive a unique personal user rating, which is compiled
both from a general feedback of the contractors and from the auxiliary data. Thus,
Emphy makes it possible to establish trust between the platform users.
First of all, the new ecosystem is oriented on the markets of developing countries that
attract travellers / tourists and have a great growth potential (Southeast Asia, South
America, Africa, Middle East, Eastern Europe and Russia). We believe that over time
Emphy will take a worthy niche both in Western Europe and in the North American
market and will seriously compete with the leading companies in this industry.

4

VISION
Emphy ecosystem most closely matches the expectations of young people of
generation Y: more adventures, exciting experiences, fewer formalities and pre-known
routes. In the modern world, most travelers choose the idea of "hand luggage" and full
flexibility of movement without burdening themselves with limitations. Having a
smartphone and access to the Internet, the traveller and the real estate owner will
always be able to negotiate and conclude a smart rental contract, and also to make a
payment transaction among themselves. It is convenient, simple and reliable for both
parties. The use of crypto currency in the transactions along with traditional methods of
payment significantly expands the possibilities for both sides.
Generation Y (Millennials) - a generation born after 1981, met the new
millennium at a young age, characterized primarily by deep involvement in
digital technology. And for this generation traveling is one of life's priorities,
higher than, for example, buying your own home or buying a car. 44% of
Millennials would spend free money on travels2.
Emphy will make it possible to solve and simplify the problems that most of the guests
and landlords face. All this will not only save money on rental housing when traveling,
but will also open new countries and continents, for people who can not and do not
want to spend large sums on expensive group journeys and tours. We expect that our
ecosystem will be able to significantly expand the existing short-term lodging market,
improve security, establish a high level of trust between users and will promote the
development of tourism both within countries and on the international level.
Now it is clearly evident that the generation Y is on the peak of technological
innovation. This generation of active young people is the main driving force in
determining the vector of development, not only of technology, but also of the future
way of life of mankind. With their flair, they choose the technologies of the future and
promising ideas even at the moment when those are at the earliest stages of inception.

5

MARKET ISSUES
In the current situation on the short-term rental market, misunderstanding often occurs
between the property owner and the guest. This is primarily due to the fact that the
property owner does not publish full information about the property. As a result, when
the guests arrive, they may be very disappointed. We cannot change the human factor,
but we can improve technical and technological factors and through this make the
market as transparent as possible.
The main problems faced by property owners are the difficulties associated with
increasing occupancy of facilities by guests, high commissions, security problems, trust,
difficulty in billing and linking the transactions with bank cards, as well as difficulties in
obtaining the feedback and positive ratings. The real estate owners do not have the
ability to fully show the property on a simple photo the way it looks like in reality, and
because of this, sometimes they face problems with the guests. This understatement
often entails guest discontent, and, as a consequence, a bad review, low rating and
poor occupancy.
Difficulties traditionally encountered by the guests are high commissions for services,
problems of trust due to lack of feedback, reliability of the contract, security, old and
irrelevant photos. The owners have few reviews, if any, and the payment possibilities
for accommodation are minimal.
Emphy ecosystem is created to solve most of the existing problems in the industry and
to bring the process of real estate rent to a new level of development.

6

AVAILABILITY OF
TECHNOLOGIES
In the modern world, already half of humanity are active users of the Internet, almost
the same number of people use mobile Internet (46%)³. North America and Europe
remain the leaders in penetration of the Internet among the population, 88% and 84%
respectively. Among the regions with the least accessibility to the network can be
identified Africa (29%) and South Asia (33%)⁴. In quantitative terms, the situation with
active users is quite different. Leading positions here are East Asia (923 million), South
Asia (585 million), Africa (362 million), followed by Western Europe (353 million) and
Southeast Asia closes the leaders top five (339 million)5.
The main driver of such growth is the spread of broadband mobile Internet and its
affordable price for the local population. The data for January 2017 show that half of
the world's web traffic is via a mobile phone and this indicator has an upward trend6. In
absolute numbers in East Asia, 1.299 million people already have access to high-speed
broadband mobile Internet. In the second place is the region of South-East Asia with
449 million users and Western Europe closes the top three with 404 million users7.
We believe that right now, when the broadband Internet has become widely available
around the world, our ecosystem will have the greatest success. Then any person with a
smartphone and high-speed Internet access can make high-quality photos in 10 minutes
and submit an advertisement about the availability of the property. We are in a
situation where in the nearest future, in order to run a business it will not matter where
you live, whether it is the Amazon rainforest or the fabulous beaches of Southeast Asia.
A person always has the opportunity to attract and provide hospitality to travelers, talk
about their culture and earn money for their travels. This will allow millions of tourists
from all over the world to discover not only the unknown corners of our planet, but also
to organize an interesting journey in their home countries.

7

EMPHY FEATURES
LOW COMMISSION FEES
Existing platforms, which are intermediaries in the renting process, take a fairly high
percentage as a commission. Now short-term rental market average total commission
(combined commission for guest and landlord) are in the range of 9% - 158. On the
Emphy platform, the total commission fees will be 4% (2.0% paid by the guest and 2.0%
by the landlord). Thus, we will be able to provide better and more innovative services,
and reducing commission 2-3 times at the same time.

THE INCENTIVE SYSTEM OF RATINGS AND BONUSES
Slightly less than half of active Airbnb listings have rating (47%), but of those who have
it, almost 60% have a rating of 5 out of 5. 89.3% of rated landlords have a rating of 4.5
or higher9.
Emphy offers a system of bonuses that guests and hosts receive for making certain
actions in the system: an identification process, a detailed description of the home,
adding photos, writing reviews, etc.
Putting ratings on the economic rails, will allow guests to receive more profitable offers
and to save money. The owners, receiving reviews and ratings, will be able to reach the
full level of their real load much quicker and thus earn more money, since even lowerrated ads get higher rental loads than those which do not have reviews at all.
For each feedback both guest and the owner will also collects EmphyCoins, which they
can use for future trips.
The size of the bonus is determined by both the rating given by the opposite side as a
review, and by the number of leased days and nights. Users will be able to receive up to
30% of the commission paid back in the form of bonuses.

8

IMPROVED SECURITY MEASURES
In order to provide additional security and increase the level of loyalty and trust
between the guest and the host, when the guest checks in, host gives the guest the
keys and uses the application in his phone to scan the QR code from the guest's phone
screen. Thus, the owner receives confirmation that the person who made the booking is
in front of him. Also, this action is registered in the system as a check-in. After that, the
rent fee for the first day of placement is transferred from the temporary deposit wallet
to the host's wallet, and then transfers are made every day for the day ahead.
At the time guest departures from the apartment and returns the keys to the owner, it
is possible to repeat this process, confirming the check-out to the system.

AUTOMATED IDENTITY VERIFICATION
According to the LearnAirbnb.com report, almost half of the owners (46.5%) did not
have a confirmed ID10. Completely authorized hosts receive an average of 3 times more
reviews than the ones who did not fully complete authorization, which increases the
guest flow and the overall loyalty of customers. Our ecosystem will solve this problem
by implementing an automatic ID confirmation system using face recognition
technology. To confirm their identity, persons will need to take a picture of their face
and a document proving their identity.

9

CREATING VIRTUAL TOURS
Typically, the photographer's services are free for the real estate owner, but this service
in one way or another affects the size of the commission of the platform and is
available only in large cities. Ultimately, this reduces the net profit for the host, and as a
result increases the rent cost for the guest. In today's world, where competition in the
services market is very high, a decrease in commission greatly affects the loyalty of
users.
Emphy platform will provide a function to create colorful and attractive pictures.
Panoramic photos at 180 and 360 degrees, will allow you to fully immerse yourself in
the atmosphere of the place where the traveler is planning to stop. To do this, it will be
enough to have a smartphone with a camera and just follow the prompts to get a better
final result. These solutions make it possible to minimize the situation, where a guest
going to vacation in a rented apartment, can only recognize it by few fragments and
angles. Such new opportunities not only contribute to better visibility and a more
complete picture of the property being rented, but also, as a result, improve the
relationship and understanding between the owner and the guest. The owners, adding
panoramic photos, thereby prove their transparency and the fact that they do not seek
to hide any defects in the room from the guest, showing only the most attractive
foreshortenings of the premises.

10

EMPHY ARHITECTURE
Emphy ecosystem is based on Full Node and Lite Client architecture. Full Nodes do all
the computational work and connect with Lite Clients. Computational core, based on
Node.js meets all the necessary requirements for reliable operation and fast
transactions. PostgreSQL combined with PostGIS is used for storing profile information,
as well as geographical locations. Using Fetch service provides quick access to required
information. IPFS protocol is used as a storage system for pictures and virtual tours of
the rented properties. API interface, provided by Full Nodes is used to connect Lite
Clients with Full Nodes. Lite Clients are mobile apps, for smartphones and tablets. Two
platforms, supported by ecosystem are Android and iOS. The combination of these time
- tested technologies along with Ethereum based smart contracts provides the overall
reliability and speed of the entire Emphy ecosystem.

11

PRINCIPLE OF EMPHY OPERATION
Guests and real estate owners meet in the Emphy ecosystem. The guest transfers the
full amount of the lease in EmphyCoin to a temporary wallet. The parties conclude a
smart contract for a short-term lease (on Ethereum) with the entry and its confirmation
in the blockchain.
Emphy ecosystem receives 4% of the amount of a smart contract as a commission. 30%
of the commission paid is returned in the form of bonuses to the guest and the
property owner. Thus, the real commission is 2.8%. The real estate owner receives
transactions for rent in EmphyCoin from a temporary wallet (every day for the day
ahead).
The real estate owner can exchange received EmphyCoin for BTC, ETH and fiat money
(USD, EUR, JPY and CNY). EmphyCoin is available in a limited edition of 15,375,000 EPY.
As the number of rental smart contracts increases, the stable demand for EmphyCoin
among guests increases, thus the coin price starts to grow actively. This growth and
value are secured by the unique opportunities that the Emphy ecosystem provides to all
its users.

12

EXAMPLES OF PROCESSES
1) Reservation and check-in of the guest.
The guest finds a suitable accommodation option in the Emphy ecosystem and pays for
a reservation in EmphyCoin. Coins are transferred to a temporary wallet. A smart
contract containing all the terms is concluded between the guest and the property
owner. Upon check-in, the host gives keys to the guest and uses the application in his
phone to scan the QR code from the guest's phone screen. The system perceives this as
"check-in" and EmphyCoin are transferred from a temporary wallet to the wallet of the
property owner. The guest receives the right to use the property for the duration of the
contract.
2) Check out of the guest and feedback.
When a guest leaves the rented property, the host, using the application in his phone,
scans the QR code from the guest's phone screen and receives the keys back. The
system sees this as a "check out". Guest leaves the rented room. The property owner
and the guest leave feedbacks for each other. Both sides get bonuses in EmphyCoin
from Emphy ecosystem for leaving feedbacks. The platform generates user ratings
based on reviews and related data.

13

CLASS EXAMPLES
Contract Class
Figure below illustrates the Contract Class and its related classes. Contract has
Contract_Stage, that can be Active, Defective, Delayed, Inactive, Performed, Revised or
Terminated. Contract is created by Landlord and accepted by Guest. Each Contract
contains Right and Obligation related both to Guest and Landlord. Temporary_Wallet is
created in the scope of a specific Contract and is removed after Transaction is
performed. Contract includes Property that is provided by Landlord. Identification
process is a part of a contract.

Property Class
Figure below illustrates the Property Class and its related classes. Property is described
by Information such as VirtualTour, PropertyLocation and PropertyState. VirtualTour
provides visual descriptive information about property. PropertyLocation contains
geographical coordinates of a Property. PropertyState describes the condition of a
Property, such as Available, Booked, Damaged. Property is the main attribute of a
contract that also includes Advertisement containing the Information about Property.

14

DEVELOPMENT
PROSPECTS
Our team is interested not only in creating a popular decentralized ecosystem for shortterm lodging, but also for the EmphyCoin owners to receive direct economic benefits
both at an early stage of contribution and in the future. EmphyCoin is the currency unit
between all users of the Emphy platform, also being the crypto currency with practical
value, functionality, increased demand for it and a stable interest from ordinary users of
the system. The limited release of tokens and stable demand for them due to the
growing number of concluded rent smart contracts will increase their market value
(exchange), and the real possibilities of using them will help to stabilize the volatility of
the crypto currency rate.
Landlords fix the price of real estate rent in EmphyCoin, at the same time the
ecosystem shows them total equivalent in USD / EUR / CNY / JPY, BTC and ETH, at the
current exchange rate in BTC/EmphyCoin; ETH/EmphyCoin; or cross-exchange rate in
BTC/USD; BTC/EUR; EUR/JPY; EUR/CNY; USD/CNY etc. To reduce the risk of volatility of
EmphyCoin, the landlord can link the rent price to the most attractive and stable
currency of his selection, for example, USD or BTC. Before the conclusion of the rent
contract, the price for the surveyor in EmphyCoin may vary on different days depending
on the exchange rate of the BTC / EmphyCoin and BTC / USD pairs, but after concluding
the smart contract, the price and terms are finally fixed. Also the platform will provide a
framework of contract insurance system using a temporary depositary wallet.
According to our forecasts, after the Emphy platform will reach 1000 contracts per day
and higher, the EmphyCoin course will become more and more stable. Thus, only due
to real contracts there will be demand for EmphyCoin in the amount equivalent to
$100,000 per day and above plus stock trading. This gives some confidence that with
time, the more real contracts are concluded per day on the platform, the less impact of
speculative nature EmphyCoin itself will be exposed to, which is in our direct interest.

15

ECONOMIC MODEL
The economic model of Emphy is based on the constant circulation of EmphyCoin in the
system, as well as the stable demand for crypto currency from users side. The received
commission, first of all, should cover the company's operating expenses, ensure
development and stimulate active expansion in the market.
For buyers and holders of EmphyCoin, the economic benefit is formed by the price
growth of the token, which has real application, value and is the currency unit in the
ecosystem. The price growth of the token will occur primarily as the number of
ecosystem users increases. The limited availability of tokens will help to support the
rate of the crypto currency. Tourists and travelers will always need our tokens to pay
the rent, these people will be the driving force that has a constant demand for
EmphyCoin.
The company provides the turnover of EmphyCoin in the ecosystem, so we initially do
not intend to accumulate EmphyCoin received as a commission and keep it to create a
deficit in the market. At the first stage after the platform enters the market (June 2018),
the company will track the number of offers for the "sale" of EmphyCoin. Stabilization
fund formed from 10% of the received commission will be directed primarily to stabilize
the supply and demand of EmphyCoin. This artificial measure will exist for a short time,
until EmphyCoin gets stronger as a crypto currency having practical application. This
fund can not exert any real large price fluctuations, as its aggregated volume will not
exceed 1.0% of the total issue, but in case of a large deficit it will be able to offer the
market EmphyCoin at a fair price. This measure will be applied in case of sudden growth
or currency rates. After the day trading turnover in EmphyCoin on exchanges and in the
system itself reaches the equivalent of $10,000,000, this stabilization measure will be
completely canceled and EmphyCoin will go into free float.

16

COMMISSION DISTRIBUTION
The Emphy ecosystem commission is 4% for the conclusion of rent smart contracts. This
will ensure a stable development of the platform, help in financing marketing programs
to attract new users and increase the loyalty of existing ones.
Commission distribution in Emphy ecosystem:
55% of EmphyCoin received as commission is used by the company for
employee salaries, marketing, developing new solutions and supporting existing
ones.
30% of the commission received form a bonus fund for users of the Emphy
platform (promotions, bonuses, drawings, etc.)
10% of the commission will be accumulated in the stabilization fund
5% of the commission will be sent to long-term motivational packages to
employees of the company

BUYBACK
The company reserves the right to partially buy tokens back on the exchange. The
maximum volume of buyback can not exceed 10% of the total volume of tokens per
quarter (3 months). The company will report on the made buyouts in quarterly reports
or in separate press releases published on the company's website and in social
networks.

17

GROWTH FORECAST
When preparing the forecast for the growth of the reservations, we first and foremost
rely on the fact that Emphy will conduct an active marketing campaign to attract and
stimulate the interest of new users. When forecasting, it was important to take into
account both the readiness of the market and the ability of new users to learn new
methods of crypto currency use .
We focus on the fact that by the end of the first year of operation Emphy ecosystem
will reach 415,000 smart-contracts and 5,955,000 smart-contracts in the second year.
Now cryptocurrency is gaining more and more popularity not only among IT
professionals, but also among general public. News about the world of cryptocurrencies
can be seen in serious business publications, in the yellow press as well as discussions
on the talk shows. Such a massive agitation and warming up in the media space leads to
the fact that a huge number of new users open accounts in the crypto currency, begin
to learn and actively dive into cryptocurrency world. Development and consumption of
services using cryptocurrencies is the next step in a huge number of new users. In this
situation, the Emphy ecosystem will be able to maximize its potential, ensure the
growth of the concluded smart contracts and increase the liquidity and rate of
EmphyCoin.

18

ICO CAMPAIN
EmphyCoin (EPY) – ERC20 token with a limited release
Blockchain: Ethereum
Every EmphyCoin can be split 100,000,000 pieces.
1 EPY (ICO) = $0,10
Total EPY: 15,375,000
Hardcap $1,000,000
Accepted forms of payment: BTC & ETH
The amount of EPY tokens reserved for:



Crowdsale– 80,0% (12,300,000): 13% for PRESALE and 67% for ICO





Marketing reserve for promoting the platform - 5,0% (768,750)
Emphy team – 13,0% (1,998,750)
Bounty – 2,0% (307,500)

All unsold tokens after the end of the ICO will be sent to the Emphy Marketing Fund.
1.

All unsold tokens after the end of the ICO will be directed to a special wallet and

will form a separate part of the marketing structure. This new structure is the Emphy
Marketing Fund.
2.

Tokens sent to the marketing fund will be frozen until March 15, 2018

3.

Since March 16th, 2018, the Emphy team, if necessary, can sell on the exchange

every month up to 600,000 EPY from the marketing fund
4.

The sale price of the EPY token from the marketing fund on the exchange can

not be less than $ 0.15 USD
5.

The wallet addresses of marketing fund will be published in Facebook, Twitter

and Telegram. Each contributor can verify that the Emphy team fulfills its obligations.

19

ROADMAP
1.

March 2017 - Initial of creating an Emphy platform. Development and study of
the conceptual ecosystem model and its technical features.

2.

June 2017 - Writing the first Whitepaper versions, consulting with broker
companies, as well as the initial open discussion of the idea in a narrow circle of
specialists.

3.

October 2017 - Start of Emphy ICO

4.

June 2018 - Release of the platform beta version and testing. Revision of the
platform based on test results and test group analysis.

5.

August 2018 - Public launch of the platform and entry into a market. End-user
involvement and work on increasing the number of offers in the database.

6.

November 2018 - Expansion and active promotion of the platform on a market,
marketing campaigns, presentations, presentations on forums and in
publications.

20

CONCLUSION
Developed by us Emphy ecosystem, will raise the technology and the process of renting
the real estate to a new level. Innovative approaches, openness, convenience and ease
of product use are our team motto. Emphy will be a good alternative to existing
solutions on the market, and by a set of features, capabilities and its simplicity will be
much ahead of competing platforms. As the technological innovations, the blockchain
and crypto-currencies are moving ahead into the broad masses, Emphy will rapidly gain
momentum, promoting the development of international tourism around the world.

21

REFERENCES
1.

http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-vacation-rental-market2015-2019---leading-vendors-are-9flats-airbnb-homeaway-tripadvisor-wimduworld-travel-holdings--wyndham-worldwide-564824051.html

2.

Report, November, 2016 “Airbnb and The Rise of Millennial Travel” p. 2; p. 4

3.

Hootsuite & We Are Social “Digital in 2017 global overview” A collection of internet, social media, and mobile data from around the world. page 25

4.

Hootsuite & We Are Social “Digital in 2017 global overview” page 26

5.

Hootsuite & We Are Social “Digital in 2017 global overview” page 27

6.

Hootsuite & We Are Social “Digital in 2017 global overview” page 33

7.

Hootsuite & We Are Social “Digital in 2017 global overview” page 83

8.

https://www.tripping.com/industry/rental-companies/rental-site-comparison

9.

The State of Airbnb Hosting. An in-depth analysis of Airbnb and the home sharing industry (Q1 2016) page 22

10.

The State of Airbnb Hosting. An in-depth analysis of Airbnb and the home sharing industry (Q1 2016) page 19

22

