3.0 VER

MAY 2018

EGCC TEAM egcchain.com

A Big Data Sharing System for Car Industry Based on Blockchain

EGCC White Paper
EngineChain

EGCC TEAM

CONTENT
Abstracts
Statement
Chapter One Engine Project Overview
1.1

2
3
4

The Application Value of Blockchain Technology

1.1.1 Engine’s Vision and Mission

Chapter Two Engine Business Planning
2.1.

Engine Vehicle Identification

2.2.

Engine Data Ecology

2.3.

Engine Landing Service

2.4.

Engine Project Planning

Chapter Three Technical Introduction

5
6
8
9

3.1.

Engine Chain Structure

3.2.

Engine User System

10

3.3.

Engine Super Node

11

3.4.

Engine Data Storage

3.5.

Engine Economic System

3.6.

Engine Consensus Mechanism

3.7.

Engine Technical Ground Floor

13

3.8.

Typical User Diagram

14

Chapter Four Engine Governance
Mechanism and EGCC Management
Approach
4.1.

Governance Mechanism Description

4.2.

EGCC

4.3.

Duty of Disclosure

12

16
17

4.3.1 Regular information disclosure
4.3.2 Temporary Information Disclosure
4.4.

Legal Arrangements

18

4.4.1 Legal Affairs
4.4.2 Disclaimers

Chapter Five Cornerstone Organization
Chapter Six Version History
Chapter Seven Contact

19

1

EGCC TEAM

Abstracts
Automobile is an important means of transportation for human beings. The safety, value
preservation and disposal of the automobiles are related to the vital interests of owners. According to the statistics of the International Organization of Motor Vehicle Manufacturers and
the Association of Automobile Manufactures, the current global car ownership has exceeded
1.2 billion, and various sub-sectors such as auto finance, transaction, repair, and maintenance
are all trillion-level market.
For automobile manufacturers, service providers, and insurance companies, the vehicle data,
vehicle conditions, and estimated value can be accurately quantified; however, for the average car owner, the car is a complex mechanical construct, the vehicle value assessment and
vehicle condition analysis are not just time-consuming but cannot yield accurate conclusions.
This is also a typical feature of the “lemon market”. Information asymmetry, vehicle information arbitrarily tampered with, and the lack of credibility of vehicle value assessment agencies
are the most typical characteristic of the “centralization” of the current car industry and the
biggest bottleneck encountered in the development of the industry.
Under the premise of integrating the strongest data resources in the car industry, the automotive big data ecology built by Engine through blockchain technology can create an unchangeable lifetime digital file for each car. Based on this file, Engine can build a more just,
transparent and decentralized automobile big data sharing ecology, thus providing consumers with common chain services such as car data query, vehicle condition tracking, value assessment, automotive finance and other sub-domains without trust costs, and fundamentally
eliminating the automotive industry ecology centralization, information asymmetry, profit distribution links that are not open and transparent. Based on the shared ecology built by blockchain technology, Engine products can be extended to all aspects of the automotive industry,
bringing the automotive field to a new era and becoming one of the core pillars of the future
automotive industry.
This article will explain in detail how Engine uses blockchain technology to build automotive
data ecology.

2

EGCC TEAM

Statement
Business models such as ideas, innovative models, technological means and proposed application scenarios in this project are all developed by the Engine team. This White Paper is
intended only to provide potential project participants with the basis for decision-making with
respect to participation, but not for any other commercial purposes.
Project participants referring to the White Paper shall keep relevant business secrets confidential and the Engine team reserves the right to prosecute offenders if there is any.

3

EGCC TEAM

Chapter One Engine Project Overview
1.1

The Application Value of Blockchain Technology

If the Internet technology solves the communication method, blockchain technology solves
the problem of mutual trust.
Blockchain technology is a non-centralized distributed database and intelligent peer-to-peer
network that identifies, disseminates, and records information, also known as the Value Internet. It is currently being used to solve the industry barriers caused by the “centralization”
brought about by information asymmetry, as well as related problems such as monopolistic
profits and information fraud.
Blockchain technology will transform the storage and transmission of network data, thus
opening a new era of trust economy.

1.1.1 Engine’s Vision and Mission
Engine is committed to developing into a global leading blockchain technology company.
What we need to do is to make use of the blockchain as a core technology to build a robust
and dynamic automotive data ecology, and give full play to the power of the whole society to
maintain data, reduce the data cost effectively while solving data ownership and improving
the efficiency, and enable global users to share and access data on an equal footing:
1. Data collection and sharing platform - Whether B or C users can share data, gain profits
in uploading or trading, or they can search the platform for required data; using blockchain
technology to solve data trust problem (do endorsements).
2. Give full play to the power of the whole society - The early stage is mainly the B-side
client, but in fact it is a public chain. It is completely open to the C-side; the B-side can also
have its own side-chain, and “enjoy the right, do its duty” in the side-chain. Awards to the
ones who contribute and punishment to the ones who do evil.
3. Data ownership - Acquiescence given to the uploader to have the right to use data, and
at the same time give different definitions for different data sidechains through smart

4

EGCC TEAM

contracts and consensus, provide a variety of solutions to facilitate the different users and
different data.
The above three points are effectively combined to form an “ecology”

Chapter Two Engine Business Planning
2.1. Engine Vehicle Identification
As the first global vehicle full life cycle data sharing platform based on the blockchain, Engine
actively carrys forward the integration of informatization and industrialization, and promotes
the sustainable development of the autoindustry through the realization of the open and
transparent, traceable and queryable automobile life cycle data, to establish a “Vehicle Full
Life Cycle Database based on VIN code” as the main line database, provides standardized
data services for industry and enterprises, and to create a global car industry data standard.
The vehicle identification number, abbreviated as VIN, is a group of seventeen alphanumerics
that are used on cars to create a unique set of numbers that can identify the car’s manufacturer, engine, chassis serial number, and other properties.

A Car VIN

Product Data
-Model Year
-Option Data
-etc

B Car VIN
C Car VIN

.
.
.

-Scrap time
-Scrap Place
-Scrap Price

Second-hand

Sales Data
-Sales Time
-Users Info
-Dealer Info

ScrapCarData

Sales Data

Using Data
-Insurance
-A/S Service
-Accident
History

-Sales Time
-Sales Price
-Users Info

5

EGCC TEAM

2.2. Engine Data Ecology
The goal of Engine is to create a set of auto data ecology on the blockchain, through pre-project scale data collection and precipitation, and put the data into products with blockchain as
the underlying technology to activate the characteristics of the blockchain and transmit the
value of information, thus reaching the user’s pain points and solving existing problems. At
the same time, individual users and corporate users are mobilized through the owner’s service and the entire chain of products, urging people and organizations from all walks of life to
participate in the joint development of value and rewards.

Data Upload

Data Use
Car VIN

Data Create Involving

Product Data
Model Year, Option data, etc

Car Makers

Sales Data

Sales Dealers/Car Users

Sales Time, Users Info, Dealer Info

Using Data

Insurance/A/S Service
Second-hand Seller/Buyer
Scraped Car Owners

Insurance, A/S Service,
Accident History

Second-hand Sales Data
Sales Time, Sales Price, User Info

Data Use Involving
Car Owners/Second-hand Buyer
/Insurance
Second-hand Buyer
/Insurance
Car Makers/Second-hand Buyer
/Insurance
Car Makers/Insurance
Insurance/Scraped Car Owners

Scrap Car Data
Scrap Time, Scrap Place,
Scrap Price

EGCC Reward

EGCC Payment

2.3. Engine Landing Service
Based on the above concepts and the characteristics of decentralized, point-to-point transmission, traceability, tamper-proof, and data security of the blockchain, the Engine is designed to solve the pain points of the automotive industry, and plans to provide the following
categories of business services:

6

EGCC TEAM

1. The second-hand car trading - Due to the opaque vehicle information, buyers and sellers
are highly asymmetric in information, especially the intentional information concealment of
the sellers, which greatly affects the user’s confidence in the second-hand car market and
restrains the development of the second-hand car industry. Based on the transparent and
tamper-proof nature of data in blockchain technology, Engine can maximally acquire data
on vehicles from vehicle owners, 4S shops, maintenance centers, and authorized insurance agencies, and mutually verify the data uploaded by different users through the data
validation system to ensure the truthfulness and accuracy of the final usable data, which
can eliminate the fraud and rent-seeking behavior caused by information asymmetry in the
second-hand car market to the maximum extent, and realize the fair trade and sale of second-hand cars that can greatly activates second-hand cars market transactions, promote
industrial and service upgrading in the automotive industry.
2. Things related with auto rental - Based on the collected mass data of cars, Engine will
establish a more professional and powerful financial evaluation model and risk control
model to provide all-round services for auto finance services such as car leasing, mortgage,
and loans, which will effectively complement the traditional auto finance. This will allow
more people to obtain cars that are in line with their own consumption capacity through
rational financial planning and help expand the auto market.
3. Car insurance - Through the blockchain + automotive hardware model, sensors are installed on the vehicle, data sensed are recorded in real time, through the blockchain’s consensus mechanism and irreversible features, the accident data can be disclosed accurately
when it is out of danger. It provides the effective basis for the insurance compensation,
prevents the disputes between the insurance claims, improve the efficiency and accuracy
of insurance claims, and at the same time address the occurrence of insurance fraud. At
the same time, through data collection, it effectively marks the user’s own driving behavior
and provide more reliable basis for insurance companies to calculate insurance premiums,
and can achieve the breakthrough and innovation of the insurance.
4. Auto parts - In the prosperous auto parts market, due to the refinement of the social
division of labor, unlawful profiteers use information asymmetries and loopholes in the
“production - supply – sales - consumption” process to obtain illegal profits and to bring
rights and interests infringement between users and enterprises. Through the blockchain
technology + Internet of Things model, the supply chain information of products can be
effectively tracked, and the counterfeit goods in the auto parts market can be prevented

7

EGCC TEAM

efficiently.
5. Car owner service - It provides traditional Internet services such as vehicle value assessment, car purchase calculator, fuel consumption calculator, driver’s license checking and
traffic violations inquiry.

2.4. Engine Project Planning
From August 2016, Engine has been undergoing a full 13 months of preparatory work. In
the past one and a half years, Engine has established a mature team with rich experience
in online operations and the ability to lay down data channels offline. Engine test chain was
released on-line in April 2018. At the same time, through continuous updates and iterations,
the official mainchain is expected to be released in September 2018, and the first sidechain
and corresponding applications will be released in December of the same year. By then, EGCC
holders and ordinary users will be able to use EGCC to query car data on the platform. At the
same time, Engine will also publish the industry leading business partner in the factory-installed product data source field, who are about to reach a strategic cooperation. At the data
collection level, Engine has collected 200,000 relevant vehicle verses and added 100 vehicles
and 1,000 data daily.
What we have done and what will be done form the following timetable:
July 2017
Data purchase agreement
with second-hand car dealers
under 100 years’ line
December 2017
Collect 200,000 car data

August 2016
Market research and
industry analysis

April 2018
Engine Alpha
1.0.0 release
January 2018
EGCC release

January 2018
White Paper release

October 2018
Achieving a daily average of
100 vehicles and thousands of
data acquisition capabilities

December 2018
September 2018
Engine 1.0 version officially Engine2.0 added with
sidechain version on line
launched

November 2016
Completion of a start-up team

8

EGCC TEAM

Chapter Three Technical Introduction
Based on the understanding of the existing technologies and the combination of Engine’s vision of building auto data ecology, we have put forward alliance chains of different authorized
user systems, and at the same time built main sidechain groups to meet the needs of different users in the ecology and the needs of different businesses.

3.1. Engine Chain Structure
1. Chain Group Mode - In order to ensure the availability of the chain data, and significantly increase the data write rate (blockchain transaction processing speed is one of the
important business considerations), scalability and different authorization management
mechanisms, Engine uses the original “base chain + Eco-sidechain” chain group model to
realize the interaction between the main and the sidechains, and build the data ecology
through self-developed smart contracts, at the same time, support multiple chain expansion, which effectively increase the transaction rate, while promoting the construction of
ecological mechanisms.
2. Mainchain - The mainchain is the ecological source of the chain group. Its importance is
that it carries the principle consensus between the mainchain and sidechain (super node
election, sidechain business model, etc.), records the main information of new vehicles,
smart contract issuance, sidechains data snapshots, etc., facilitate the expansion of sidechains while avoiding over-inflation of mainchain data and improving the robustness of the
blockchain.
3. Sidechain - Sidechain is the result of the evolution of data ecology. It is mainly divided
into vehicle data sidechains, transaction sidechains, credit chains, and other functional
sidechains. It has pluggable capabilities, and the number and types of sidechains can be
adaptively scaled with business growth. The specific classification of sidechains is described as follows:
Data sidechain: Equipped with the value data of Engine, according to the different types of
data sources, structure types, etc. It can be divided into four categories: basic vehicle information, raw materials, factory-installed products, and aftermarket-installed products. In spe-

9

EGCC TEAM

cific, it can also be divided into parts, vehicles, distribution information (including second-hand
car transactions), repair and maintenance data, insurance data, driving data, scrap data, etc.
At the same time, the number of sidechains in the Engine system can be flexibly expanded to
support different types of data that may arise in the future, thus forming full life cycle data
of a car. Different types of data are stored in different chains, ensuring the sameness in their
respective chains, and the different sidechains form the overall integrity and unity.
Trading sidechain: recording data transactions between users in the entire Engine ecology,
ensuring the data sidechain’s purity in data, supporting multi-joint expansion, and increasing
the data transaction rate; at the same time, taking into consideration that use single-chain
storage of the same user’s consumption information to prevent the “double spending” of the
currency.
Credit sidechain: Taking into account the effective development of the entire ecology, Engine uses an independent credit chain to record the credit performance of users throughout
the ecology, ensuring the accuracy of the data itself and the feasibility of the transaction.
Foundation, users or enterprise users can access the data through the credit sidechain data
interface and process the data.
Others: With the development of Engine, new requirements and applications will be born; we
will reserve multiple sidechains, such as the index chain after the data becomes huge, the independent rating chain of buyers and sellers, and the special data storage chain.

3.2. Engine User System
Engine divides users into 3 types and gives them different permissions. For more convenient
storage and usage in different scenarios, we store user data in a distributed database managed by the Foundation and at the same time build an authorization system to protect the
entire Engine system.
1. Anonymous user - This is an unsigned guest in the Engine. In the anonymous state, the
user can browse the basic data stored on the mainchain and the partially open data on the
sidechain. In this mode, the user has no other rights.
2. Registered users - Only need to submit basic information to become a registered user.

10

EGCC TEAM

Registered users have access to the basic data stored in the mainchain, as well as data
open to registered users on the sidechain, and have two-way transaction data rights.
3. Business users - Business users are only open to companies that hold car industry documents. Business users need to submit relevant materials for public voting and certification. In addition to the rights of registered users, corporate users can compete for super
nodes, and then enjoy super-privilege for maintaining sidechains.

3.3. Engine Super Node
In order to ensure the orderliness and vitality of the entire ecology, Engine has also prepared
super nodes for ecological partners. The super node not only enjoys the priority of bookkeeping rights, but also has the right to participate in maintaining the data sidechain, corresponding to the obligation to fulfill the maintenance data, including setting standards, setting
transaction standards and incentive mechanisms, desensitizing and privacy protection, and
maintaining the authenticity of the data of this sidechain, etc., at the same tome enjoy the
right of the profit of the corresponding side chain transactions, data ownership, and other
rights.
First of all, the user obtains such rights through the unique super node voting mechanism
of the Engine. When participating in the super node voting, it is necessary to establish the
goals and business rules for maintaining the sidechain data. After the successful election, the
Foundation will record corresponding information to the mainchain, and give the super node
the corresponding rights through smart contracts.

3.4. Engine Data Storage
Engine adheres to the following principles on the data storage:
1. Privacy protection - This privacy protection differs from the privacy protection of the
user authorization management system. For highly confidential data and data concerning
user privacy, the Engine only stores the HASH value of the data on the chain.

11

EGCC TEAM

2. Structured - In addition to HASH data, the chain stores only strictly structured data to
ensure data availability.
3. Capacity Feasibility - Large-capacity data, such as picture information, video information, etc., are stored according to the unique HASH method, which not only ensures that
the data cannot be tampered with, but also prevents the disadvantages of infinite chain.

3.5. Engine Economic System
1. Digital Assets - In the Engine planning project, it is tentative that only users holding
EGCC have the right to trade the value data carried in the sidechain, and the users who
upload the sidechain value data can also receive corresponding EGCC rewards after actual
transactions occur.
2. Asset Migration - With the development of the Engine business, it is expected that in
December 2018, the conversion of EGCC from the existing ERC20 public chain token to
the Engine chain currency will start.

3.6. Engine Consensus Mechanism
The consensus mechanism is the core technology of the blockchain. Engine supports algorithm pluggable method and stipulates the algorithms and protocols of the consensus
process. In the case of multi-participation, the final agreement is reached according to the
predetermined rules. Consensus algorithms mainly include DPOS, PBFT, and RAFT. Based on
this, Engine forms the VDPOS algorithm (dynamically adjusts the authorization and interest
certification mechanism). VDPOS can adjust the number of trusted agent nodes and support
the entry and exit of trusted agent nodes. According to the historical performance of the
data provided by the agent node, graded incentive is made according to pre-established rules
to encourage agent nodes to provide high-confidence data and provide a sound development
environment for the entire ecology.

12

EGCC TEAM

3.7. Engine Technical Ground Floor
Based on the principle of “safe, efficient, open and innovative”, Engine technical ground floor
is mainly composed of consensus mechanism, smart contract, sidechain management, network communication, and record storage, and monitors the entire Engine service throughout
the entire life cycle. Each node can be deployed in a specified server cluster in a containerized operation mode through user configuration, and supports flexible expansion. The system
automatically repairs fault nodes to ensure the reliability of blockchain applications.
1. Smart Contracts - Smart contracts are the soul of the blockchain. The Engine provides
Turing-complete contract containers that support user-defined contracts, including contract registration, triggering, execution, and logout. Future plans support multilingual contracts. Currently trading and browsing as a key smart contract throughout the blockchain
is the cornerstone of the entire data ecology.
2. Sidechain Management - Generally, the blockchain is mainly single-chain. Engine innovatively supports the multi-sidechain mode. The sidechain interacts with the mainchain
through smart contracts. Before the creation, key information such as data structure, life
cycle, and main maintenance side must be defined. The sidechain will greatly expand the
entire engine’s data storage capabilities.
3. Network Communication - Point-to-point network communication is responsible for
the transmission of message data between nodes and services. Engine uses a dynamic,
self-organizing network with multiplexing and connection sharing. It is compatible with existing security facilities such as firewalls and proxy servers to provide point-to-point networking, and secure and reliable data transmission.
4. Record storage - Data records use a blockchain structure. Any tampering with historical
data can be found by self-verification. The storage medium supports a variety of methods, including databases, file systems, or cloud storage, where the file system conforms to
standard file protocols. The database is mainly distributed KV database.
5. Interface Adaptation - Engine provides a variety of interface adaptations, including SDK
packages and Restful APIs, for easy access to the blockchain. Users can use the above
methods to invoke smart contract access blockchain systems.
6. Operation monitoring is responsible for the process of deployment, configuration

13

EGCC TEAM

changes, contract settings, and the visual output of the status in blockchain operation,
such as transaction volume, network status, and node status.

3.8. Typical User Diagram
1. Browsing the car basic data: The user can view the basic data on the mainchain and some
sidechains without logging in. The value data on the sidechain cannot be browsed, and there
is no right to submit data and purchase data.

14

EGCC TEAM

2. Report data and purchase data: After registering and logging in, the user can report data
to the mainchain and the sidechain. If the value data reported has generated a transaction,
the EGCC transaction award can be obtained. If you see the data you are interested in, you
can also get value data by spending EGCC.

3. Enterprise users can participate in super nodes selection to gain super rights to maintain
side-chains and formulate side-chain ecological rules.

15

EGCC TEAM

Chapter Four Engine Governance Mechanism and
EGCC Management Approach
4.1. Governance Mechanism Description
The three-level governance structure of the EGCC Holders’ Assembly, Autonomous Committee, and Executive Committee consists of a Technical Committee, an Application Committee,
a Finance Committee, a Legal Affairs and Risk Control Committee, and a Market and Public
Relations Committee. The specific tasks of each department are as follows:
(1) Technical Committee
It is responsible for the technical management of Engine. The specific tasks include open
source code management, code development, code modification, code testing, code review, code on-line, and bug fixes.
(2) Application Committee
It is responsible for application scene landing after the online of domainchain, upper chain
data checking, information disclosure of upper chain assets, and upper chain assets exchange and management.
(3)Finance Committee
It is responsible for the use and review of BTC for the entire project exchange, project development, daily operations, staffing expenses and planning arrangements, etc.
(4) Legal Affairs and Risk Control Committee
Responsible for the registration of domestic and foreign companies, review various types
of agreements, and give professional advice on legal affairs.
(5) Market and Public Relations Committee
The Market and Public Relations Committee mainly serves the blockchain community and
is responsible for technology promotion, product promotion, commercial cooperation and
external publicity.

16

EGCC TEAM

4.2. EGCC
EGCC is a native asset on the Engine blockchain. It is a value measurement of the digital
mapping of physical automotive assets on the Engine blockchain. It is the only approved
transaction value subject matter in the Engine system platform, and its value will increase
with the development of Engine’s entire ecology. On Engine, EGCC can be specifically used to
exchange required car data queries, perform car valuations, publish information, etc.
The total amount of EGCC is fixed at 10 billion, and will never add up. The external issuance
method is only exchange, and the proportion of exchange accounts for 40% of the total, that
is, 4 billion EGCC. 35,000 Ethereums are planned to be exchanged. Promotional activities such
as commercial operations take up 15%, i.e., 1.5 billion EGCCs. The project Foundation holds
25%, i.e., 2.5 billion EGCCs, and business expansion, data collection and other operating activities are reserved for 20%, i.e., 2 billion EGCCs.

4.3. Duty of Disclosure
The designated website for information disclosure of Engine is its official website:
egcchain.com.

4.3.1 Regular information disclosure
Engine will prepare and disclose an annual report within three months from the first date of
each fiscal year and disclose a quarterly report within two months from the end of each quarter. Such reports include, but are not limited to, milestones and progress of Engine’s technology development, management of its digital assets, performance of the Engine Team, etc.

4.3.2 Temporary Information Disclosure
The Engine Foundation should timely report major cooperation, changes to core team members, lawsuits involving Engine, etc.

17

EGCC TEAM

4.4. Legal Arrangements
4.4.1 Legal Affairs
Founded overseas, the Engine Foundation should consult local lawyers in case of matters requiring legal advice.

4.4.2 Disclaimers
EGCC donators shall understand that Engine will not make any express or implied warranties
within the framework of the law and EGCC is given to donators on an “as is” basis.
Additionally, donators shall understand that in no case will Engine return the donations.

Chapter Five Cornerstone Organization

18

EGCC TEAM

Chapter Six Version History
Time

Version

Content changes

June 24, 2017

V 1.0

Outline and framework

July 6, 2017

V 1.2

Version of main application scenarios of car assessment

July 17, 2017

V 1.3

Version of main application scenarios of second-hand cars

July 28, 2017

V 1.4

Version of main application scenarios of second-hand cars

August 4, 2017

V 1.5

Version of full industry chain application scenarios

August 16, 2017

V 1.6

Version of full industry chain application scenarios
(update of technical part)

August 24, 2017

V1.7

Version of full industry chain application scenarios
(exchange of digital assets)

October 5, 2017

V1.8.2

Update to the latest technological framework

December 17, 2017

V 1.9

Correction of IoV standard data set for factory-installed products

January 10, 2018

V 2.0

Determination of early investors

January 25, 2018

V2.1.7

Cornerstone investment institutions added

May 4, 2018

V 3.0

Reconstruction

Chapter Seven Contact
Website: www.egcchain.com
E-Mail: bd@egcchain.com

19

