ENT WHITE PAPER
GLOBAL ENTERTAINMENT
BLOCKCHAIN TECHENOLOGY

PLATFORM

BASED

ON

Ent Labs Foundtion
Version：V1.2.5 2017/11/28

ENT WHITE PAPER

目录
1.

Introduction........................................................................................................................ 2
1.1 Blockchain: The Fouth Industrial Revelution........................................................ 2
1.2 Features of Blockchain................................................................................................... 3
1.2.3 Distribution (P2P)....................................................................................................... 4
1.3
Disruption to the Entertainment Industy........................................................................... 5
2. ENT: Global Entertainment Based on Blockchain................................................................. 6
2.1 What is ENT?........................................................................................................................... 6
2.2 ENT Ecosphere......................................................................................................................... 7
3. ENT Token Model................................................................................................................ 8
3.1 ENT Cash.................................................................................................................................. 8
3.2 Idol Token.............................................................................................................................. 11
3.3 Close Loop of Idol Token Circulation..................................................................................... 14
4. Blockchain Technology behind ENT....................................................................................... 15
4.1 Daap model........................................................................................................................... 16
4.2 Payment, Tokens and Open Data API.................................................................................... 16
4.3 Business and Technology Architecture.................................................................................. 17
4.4 ENT Support to Scalability And Cross-chain Protocol............................................................ 21
5．Leadership.......................................................................................................................... 27
5.1 Core team members.............................................................................................................. 27
5.2 Advisors................................................................................................................................. 28
5.3 Partners................................................................................................................................. 30
6. ENT Foundation.................................................................................................................... 31
6.1 Introduction........................................................................................................................... 31
6.2 Governance Principles........................................................................................................... 31
6.3 Foundation Organization....................................................................................................... 31
6.4 Funding Distribution.............................................................................................................. 33
6.5 Legal, Compliance and Audit................................................................................................. 34
6.6 Reporting............................................................................................................................... 34
7. Road Map............................................................................................................................. 35
7.1 Current Status........................................................................................................................ 35
7.2 Future Development.............................................................................................................. 35
8. Disclaim and Risk Management............................................................................................ 35
8.1 Disclaimers............................................................................................................................ 35
8.1 Risk Statements..................................................................................................................... 36

1 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

1.

Introduction

1.1 Blockchain:

The Fouth Industrial Revelution

(Schwab, 2017) The steam engine, electricity and computer technology once made prominent
landmarks in technology revolution in the human history. Today, a batch of disruptive
innovations, such as blockchain, artificial intelligence, cloud computing, machine learning,
big data, 3D printing, VR/AR and gene engineering, will bring the fourth industrial
revolution. This new wave of technology promises to profoundly alter every aspect of our
life, significantly improve efficiency in every industry and elevate the capacity of mankind to
a point that has never been reached before. At the very heart of the fourth revolution is the
blockchain. This wondrous technology leverages the pervasive power of innovation and has
been transforming people’s habits, needs and their way of thinking.

On January 3rd 2009, the first 50 bitcoins were mined by Satoshi Nakamoto, thus establishing
the genesis block1. In the following four years, the development of blockchain, such as
transactions and mining facilities, had been revolving all around the bitcoin. In late 2013,
Vitalik Buterin proposed to establish 1) Ethereum2, an open-source, public, blockchain-based
distributed computing platform that features smart contract (scripting) functionality, which
facilitates online contractual agreements; 2) the Ethereum virtual machine (EVM), which can
execute scripts using an international network of public nodes. With these two evolutionary
developments, we have entered entered blockchain 2.0. This new phase of development is all
about smart contracts and how the entire slate of economic, market, and financial
applications can make use of blockchain.

But what about blockchain 3.0?
1

http://historyofbitcoin.org/

2

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethereum

2 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

(Vitalik, 2016) “Crypto 3.0— at least in my mind— consists of approaches that move beyond
this limitation, in one of various ways to create systems that break through this limitation and
actually achieve the scale needed to support mainstream adoption”
To have a comprehensive picture of blockchain 3.0, we can look at it from the following two
aspects. Firstly, blockchain 3.0 is about blockchain applications beyond currency, finance
and markets. It expands application scenarios all the way to areas such as government, health,
science, literacy, culture, and art. Secondly, blockchain 3.0 is about large-scale application to
benefit a much broader population—well beyond the crypto-enthusiasts.

Basic components of blockchain3

1.2 Features of Blockchain
Blockchain has great potential to revolutionize a full range of traditional industries. It has the
following features:

1.2.1 Transparency
All information is stored in the peer-to-peer network and available to all the participants of
the network. Since the identity of each participant is projected by hash algorithm, each ID in

3

blockchain value system--springer

3 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

the network is displayed as a series of hash codes. The actual identity is therefore securely
camouflaged and protected. The verification process can ensure the intended transaction
between two parties are recorded without disclosing the actual identify of either party.

1.2.2 Immutability
All the blocks are recorded with a hash code stating the previous block. If any change occurs
in one block, the subsequent blocks are affected. Unless all the affected blocks are modified
at the same time, the change in one block cannot be verified, and therefore the change cannot
be recorded. Given the on-going process of new transactions, it is virtually impossible to alter
any of the existing blocks. This feature also enhances the traceability of all the historical
transactions.

1.2.3 Distribution (P2P)
This is perhaps the most attractive feature of the blockchain technology. Under the traditional
centralized environment, sharing of asset ownership often cannot entail full trust. There has
been a strong demand and need for democratization of information, technology and services,
as well as micro ownership. In a blockchain network, like the shared economy, all the
participants share the computational power and information (transactions), and they rely on
the same consensus agreement.

Source: Distributed Ledger Technology: beyond block chain，P36

4 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

1.3

Disruption to the Entertainment Industy

The fan economy refers to the marketing behavior based on a framework established on fans
and the people who capture the fans’ attention. This mode of economic operation is
conducted by improving the binding of users and advertisement via words of mouth to
generate economic benefit and social benefit. This forms the major part of the commercial
behavior in the media industry.
With the continuous development of the internet, fan economy has been progressively
breaking various limits in time and space and been broadly used in the creative industry,
product merchandising, service provision and many other areas. Some common applications
are: consumption behaviour such as purchasing of concert tickets, movie tickets and albums
by the fans; advertisement behaviour such as purchasing of products endorsed or liked by
celebrities; derivative consumption behaviour such as purchasing of products related to
celebrities such as clothing, food, travel and residence; intangible asset derived from fan
support, such as titled sponsorship; professional fan groups or companies; related websites
and others.
As the entertainment industry continues developing, it has become critically important to use
the right commercial and technology approach to effectively integrate fan economy, improve
the affinity between fans and celebrities and maximize the benefit for fans, celebrities and
management companies.

1.3.1 Lack of Safe and Reliable Trading System
Artists often need to attend performance and commercial activities abroad. Under the
traditional model, in order to successfully complete ticket promotion, reservation and sales,
they need to cooperate closely with the local partners. There is no easy way for them to
directly make use of the high efficiency and convenience of the internet to achieve the same
effect as working physically and verbally with the partners. This give rise to high redundancy
cost such as translation, communication, exchange rate volatility, agency platform
commission, etc. At the same time, the fans cannot have close interaction or feedback with
the celebrity, creating another level of barrier.

5 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

1.3.2 Difficulty in Converting Celebrity IP to Liquid Asset
Celebrities regularly attend activities that are cross-nation or cross-industry in nature. Such
activities often entail multiple cooperation among the parties involved. One of the most
daunting problem is how the parties can reach an agreement and build trust. Under the
traditional model, the process of converting IP to value relies primarily on converting the
attention of fans into advertisement income sharing, except for ticket, concert, Broadway
show and a few other minor approaches. The channel for deriving income is therefore highly
limited.

2.

ENT:

Global

Entertainment

Based

on

Blockchain

2.1 What is ENT?

ENT is initiated by AIMHIGH Global (043580.kr), whose main shareholders are AIMHIGH
Global, KINGNET (002517) and Culture Investment Holdings (600715). ENT, a platform
based on blockchain technology, provides an integrated solution to the global distributed
entertainment community.

The ENT decentralized platform has the ability to select people with talent to be a legendary
agent or the next big-bang celebrity. It also works as a content distribution/live streaming
platform, providing trustworthy interactions between content providers and consumers. ENT
can also function as a payment system, providing low-cost transactions and promoting
business. It can achieve comprehensive marketization of IP as consumption and promote
customized generation of IP.

6 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

Through the ENT platform, fans can support celebrities, and celebrities can use ENT to give
direct feedback to fans. ENT creates a direct, diverse and stable interaction relationship
between fans and celebrities. In addition, the ENT platform can secure ownership and
transactions of intellectual property between artists and agents, ensuring the total integrity of
the artist’s brand image.

2.2 ENT Ecosphere
ENT is a safe and reliable trading system. It is in fact a system derived through a
combination of blockchain, ENT and the entertainment industry. It is the very first
blockchain application in Korea that provides a payment method for the entertainment
industry. ENT dedicates to establishing a basic internet of value for the entertainment
industry. At the same time, with ENT at the core of the entertainment industry, the platform
will span across payment, we media, social media and others. It will integrate payment
platform, smart contract platform and social platform into one entity.

2.2.1 Unified Digital Payment Solution (ENT Cash)
With each celebrity as a unit, ENT Cash supports purchasing of products related to the
entertainment industry, celebrity concert, reservation of celebrity’s time, etc.


Appearance Fee: TV/ Ad Spokesman/ performance fee



Rewarding celebrity: T-social network, livestream broadcast



Purchasing products: Tickets, Peripheral Products



Crowdfunding Projects: Movies, TV series, MTVs

2.2.2 Unified Smart Contract Platform
Issuance of exclusive tokens based on ENT to support celebrity


Issuance Token: Issue exclusive Idol tokens with the ENT smart contract platform



Token Economy: Idol tokens will be used as an exclusive method of payment for the
celebrity's commercial activities

7 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

2.2.3 Unified Social Network Platform
Information on the ENT platform is completely traceable. No intermediate agency will be
involved. An integrated payment system will be provided for effective communication and
social works.

3.



The entire network is traceable, ensuing a high level of transparency



Trustworthy, decentralized social network



Effective embedded payment system

ENT Token Model

3.1 ENT Cash
3.1.1 Definition of ENT Cash
ENT Cash will be used as an asset equivalent and fuel in Dapp and ENT. It is a unit that must
be used for payment and settlement. It is also used to pay for various functions in the system
and processing fees (creation, deletion, trading of exclusive Idol tokens). In addition, ENT
Cash will also be used as collateral and “frozen” in the system in order to issue a proportional
amount of exclusive Idol tokens.

8 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

3.1.2 Distribution of ENT Cash
ENT issued a total of 1.6 billion tokens, of which 20% are mining. The founding team
considers the entertainment chain as a project focuses on vertically segmented entertainment,
with a huge market size and significant application values. With more entertainment
programs and entertainers adopt the entertainment chain, the more services users can use on
the entertainment chain, and the more possibilities that a single currency can increase the
value. So that we can enhance the token sales rapidly and increase the benefits of our token
supporters.

ENTCASH TOKEN DISTRIBUTION
POS AIRDROP FOUNDATION DEV TEAM BUSINESS CORPORATION

20%

20%

5%

15%
40%

9 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

There are different discount rates in different crowd sale periods, and the official version
shall prevail when it is announced at the time of officially launching the tokens sale. ENT
funding is mainly divided into three stages, the first stage by raising HSR to issue 213 million
ENT, the exchange ratio is 1HSR: 500ENT; the second stage by raising ETH to issue 213
million ENT, the exchange ratio is 1ETH: 4000ENT; In the third stage, ENT tokens were
issued through raising QTUM and INK, with exchange rates of 1 QTUM: 150ENT and
1INK: 2ENT respectively. There were 213 million ENTs distributed totally. minimum
amount is about 640 million ENTs; total account is 500 million ENTs.
We will calculate the exchange ratio around 2 weeks after the completion of the crowd sale
of tokens and allocate the corresponding number of ENTs based on the current stage of the
participants. After the distribution is completed, it is estimated to spend about 2 weeks on
withdrawing from the wallet to the third-party exchange. The exact time shall prevail based
on the founding team's disclosure. The number of pre-sale tokens in each phase is as follows:
(The quantity will be adjusted according to the mainstream currency market price).

10 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

3.2 Idol Token
3.2.1 Idol Token Definition
In the ENT system, celebrities can create their own Idol tokens. The Idol tokens have the
following features and rules:

1. When an Idol4 creates the Idol token, the creator must define a number of parameters,
including token name, symbol, accuracy, etc. Different from normal token models,
when the creator creates the Idol token, he must also provide a special parameter,
which is the exchange rate between this Idol token and ENT. When the Idol issue or
destroy tokens, he must follow this exchange rate. The supply of Idol tokens is
constant and correlates to the total amount of ENT held in collateral.

2. Only the Idol Account has the authority and access for issuance and destruction of
tokens. Other accounts are not authorized to perform these actions.

3. When Idol tokens are issued, the issuer must upload and freeze relevant amount of
ENT to the system. The issuance and freezing process are regulated by the blockchain
smart contract. Third parties will not be able to interfere with this process.

4. When a certain amount of Idol tokens is destroyed, these tokens must belong to the
Idol’s own account. The system will release corresponding amount of ENT to the Idol
after the Idol tokens are destroyed. Therefore, every Idol token is created by placing a
proportional amount of ENT in the collateral.

5. The Idol Account can choose to perform issuance or destruction at any time. If the
fame of an Idol and the fan base increases significantly, the demand for his or her
own Idol tokens will also increase drastically. The benefit of this increase in demand
will be passed to the Idol and the agency firm. New supplies can therefore be created.

4

The“Idol” here (thereafter referred to as Idol) in general encompass the host for unique IP, such as celebrity, artist group,
branding company, reality show, etc.

11 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

The opposite can be true as well. Therefore, the amount of ENT held in collateral can,
to some extent, reflect the popularity and IP value of a celebrity.

Idol Token Model

3.2.2 Fixed Exchange Rate
The design of fixed exchange rate has several advantages:

1. It keeps a fixed and stable exchange rate between ENT and Idol tokens.

2. Idol token is a tool of payment and support for fan economy of Idol IP. It has no
financial rights attached. It can therefore protect irrational fan groups.

3. This design ensures the issuance and inflation model of Idol tokens and avoid the trap
of secondary offering, which may upset system balance.

4. It uses issuance amount, instead of price, to value the total size of fan economy. This
will maintain the smooth operation of the system

12 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

5. The issuer of Idol tokens has exclusive right for issuance and destruction of the
tokens. This offers a channel for celebrities to benefit. It also encourages them to
actively participate in the ENT system and realize the network effects. When the price
of the Idol tokens in the exchange is far above the exchange rate, the Idol can use the
low-priced ENT to buy more Idol tokens in the market to benefit from the price
differential. On the other hand, when the price of Idol tokens is far lower than the
exchange rate, the Idol creator can borrow ENT at low cost and buy the Idol tokens
from the exchange at a low price. The Idol can then destroy these Idol tokens in the
system and obtain the released ENT. Again the Idol can benefit from the price
differential.

6. A normal fan can obtain Idol tokens in many ways. For example, they can buy them
directly from the Idols, or they can buy them from the exchange. Assuming the Idol
creators are rational, the price of the Idol tokens will fluctuate around the exchange
rate. The Idol creator can benefit from the fluctuation. But after sometime, the space
for profit will flatten out to a balance point with the arbitrage activities. This balance
point will be correlated with the level of activity of the fans.

The ENT smart contact can support more general Idol IP types and is not limited to
individuals. For example, groups of celebrities can use multi-signature smart contracts to
realize group management and issuance of Idol tokens.

3.2.3 Idol Token Lifecycle
Idols have their career cycles. Idol token has its life cycle as well. The fixed ratio collateral
issuance model provides a guarantee for the Idol token to develop and exit. It enables the
tokens to transit in different phases smoothly.

13 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

Idol and Idol Token Development Cycle

3.3 Close Loop of Idol Token Circulation
From issuance to recycling to reuse, the Idol tokens must reach a close loop in order for the
tokens to represent and reflect the economic activities in the eco-system. ENT Cash is the
universal token in the ENT eco-system. The tokens have the following features after they are
issued.
1. They will serve as the intermediate token between Idol tokens and other assets. They
support trading functions.
2. They will be a value equivalent in the ENT ecosystem and represent the value of the
entire ecosystem.
3. They can be used to buy tickets for activities by the idols, IP products, etc
4. They can be used as collateral for idols to issue their exclusive Idol tokens.
The ENT ecosystem normally have the following participating parties: Idols, advertising
companies, platforms, fans, investors, etc. ENT Cash will circulate among these parties in the
form of processing fee, transactions, payments, collaterals, etc. It also represents the entrance
and exit point for Idol tokens, and can be traded with other assets outside the ENT
ecosystem.
The Idol token, on the other hand, is different in terms of its coverage and functions. It places
more emphasis on the economy related to the Idol’s IP and it is mainly circulated among the
idols, agency companies, advertising agents, IP merchants and fans. It forms a smaller loop
14 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

than ENT Cash does.

The ENT Ecosystem

4. Blockchain Technology behind ENT

ENT has three major technological features: traceability of information in the entire network,
social media with no agency, and integrated systems. These features can counter the main
pain point in the current entertainment industry, e.g. over-centralization of key resources,
small IP not getting support, IP infringement, asymmetry of fan groups, individual needs of
fans not being fulfilled, etc. ENT endeavor to create an internet of value. By making use of
smart contract, lightning network and other technology, ENT will create digital payment and
Idol token platform for the entertainment industry and provide smart contract configuration,
smart contract invoking, auto ledger and other functions. With these features, fans can have
much better customer experience. Idols can realize their true values and agency companies
will also enjoy greater branding effect and investment returns.
15 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

4.1 Daap model

ENT is a decentralized application based on the quantum chain platform, supporting ENT
Cash tokens and idolatry tokens, it mainly including the following modules and contracts:
1. ERC-20/233 ENT Cash tokens.
The QRC-20 token standard describes methods and events that quantum chain token contract
must implement and follow, and standardization helps facilitate the sharing of infrastructures
of different functions and components. ENT Token, whose symbol is ENT, the presicion is
set to 8 bits according to Qtum system's recommended setting.
ENTCash will be used as general equivalent and fuel in Dapp and ENT systems for both
payment and liquidation. It can also be used to pay fees (registration, issuance, destruction
and cancellation of idol tokens) for some systematic functions. In addition, ENT token will
also be used as a pledge, which was frozen in the system to issue idol tokens at a fixed
exchange ratio.
2.

Smart contracts related to Idol tokens, including token creation, ENT mortgage,

distribution and destruction. Idol token itself is a type of smart contract that supports transfer
and is freely convertible.
3. The redemption contract designed by fans to buy ENT Cash tokens can be done either
through an external exchange or some pre-set exchange contract.
4. Idol tokens are not necessarily for the individuals, they can also be used for groups, reality
shows, brokerage firms, etc. Therefore, it is important to support flexible management of
cryptocurrency accounts, such as multiple signature, account locking, escrow accounts, etc.
5. The ledger account of digital payment network can facilitate direct access to various roles,
such as different Apps, platforms, agent channels, issuers, artists, agency firms and others. It
enables these roles to directly access shared revenue ledger and and reduce intermediate
processes and redundancy.

16 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

4.2 Payment, Tokens and Open Data API
ENT encourages ecosystems and communities to build ENT-based tools and applications,
including but not limited to:



Contract and account browser. They enable easy browsing of the status of issuance of
each Idol token, holders of Idol tokens and supporters of the Idol tokens.



Payment API and Idol token management. The API and management system will
enable convenient payment and subsequent management of the Idol tokens under the
account.



Idol Token Management API. The Idol Token Management API enables account
holder to view and manage the Idol tokens under the account with a user-friendly
interface.



Social and Data API. The social and data API collects data from the system and
arrange them in a rational manner for further analysis.



ENT Index and AI Analytics. Through big data and AI analysis, the system can easily
generate accurate reports on the level of fans, Idol IP value and fan activity value.
This will increase the accuracy of business activity and planning of idols. It will also
improve user experience and solve the pain points for celebrities and agency firms in
the entertainment industry.

4.3 Business and Technology Architecture

17 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

Role Composition

The entire ENT ecosystem is composed of three types of roles:
1. The ecological construction part composed of developers, operation and maintenance
personnel, regulatory agencies, auditing departments and operation departments;
2. The ecological constitution part composed of copyright ownership platform, commercial
cashing converting platform, entertainment application platform and other ENT cooperation
application platforms;
3. The ecological maintenance part composed of idols, agents, fan groups, production
companies, agencies and so on.
The three kinds of roles form the complete ecological close loop of ENT. Based on the ENT
underlying structure completed by constructors, constitutors have to continue perfecting each
Dapp building in the ENT ecology. At the same time the maintainers performs activities in
each Dapp building. So that new demands will be fed back to constructors and constitutors,
so that when the entire ENT ecology close loop is formed, we can expand its own ecosystem,
to improve the idol economy and lead new IP operations in the blockchain era.

18 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

Technological Framework

ENT's technical architecture follows Ink's design specifications and standards, extends some
of its technical boundaries with its own characteristics while maintaining high performance
and stability. And at the same time, ENT has conducted a series of self innovations and
enhanced developments targeting at typical application scenarios, such as the entertainment
industry. Through pluggable modules and flexible configuration of smart contracts, we can
ensure network compatibility and operability. It also supports multi-protocols, compatible
BIP protocol and POS smart contract platform, and there is compatibility among different
protocols, including consensus mechanisms, purview management, accounting management,
data structures and so on.

ENT also uses the industry-recommended digital certificate mechanism for identity
authentication and permission control. The CA node realizes PKI service, and can issue the
identity certificate in advance and send it to the corresponding member entity to control the
entity's access to network resources. At the same time, various data operation permissions
can be managed through permission policy to solve the problem of "who is allowed to take
an operation in a certain scenario".
19 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

The different entertaining ecosystems ENT facing are complex and need to deal with
different legal and policy issues. There are two core requirements, security and privacy,
regulation and the special needs of the scene. Therefore, under the premise of ensuring high
availability of data, ENT provides authentication services of data acquisition and distribution,
as well as encryption and fingerprint indexing of transactions to ensure data security.
On the above basic capabilities, ENT targets a large number of trading users who, under
given authority, can initiate a particular transaction on behalf of the account (as a transfer or
as a call to a chain code). The settings for the account are pluggable. Different originators can
choose whether to open a trading account or not and which account algorithm to use (eg,
corresponding to Bitcoin or Ethereum). At the same time, ENT follows the Ink Consortium
chain and adds Asset System Chaincode (ASCC) to manage the token assets on the chain.
ENT is a full-function token. The account will be matched to the public key, the account
information will be recorded in the world state of the ENT account book, and the digital
digest of all account information will be recorded in the block. Through the book structure
and the smart contract of core channel, ENT ensures its related technical characteristics, such
as scalability and fault tolerance. ENT network nodes can check the transaction
independently, each transaction must have certain conditions endorsement so as to be
considered legitimate. Coordination of nodes ensure a consensus on the transaction in the
network, decoupling the functions of different nodes, and significantly improving the
network processing performance, in order to maintain the balance and stability of ENT
network and application ecology.

20 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

In addition, ENT is oriented to the entertainment industry application. With its policy access
to DAPP on the mobile terminal, ENT can adapt to more diverse application scenarios and
bring the technical advantages of blockchain to the adopters of entertainment assets and the
general internet users.

ENT Business Close Loop

21 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

4.4 ENT Support to Scalability And

Cross-chain Protocol

4.4.1 Principles of State-channels and Lighting network
The concept of state-channel was first proposed by bitcoin's lightning network. Its purpose is
simply to take the overwhelming majority of transactions off the blockchain without
sacrificing verifiability and security. Payments are made off-chain, while settlements are
made on the blockchain. State-channels can allow the creation of "micro-payment channels"
in addition to initiating transactions off the channel. Multiple transactions can safely proceed
without having to interact with the blockchain itself. Counterparty risk is also eliminated:
The channel can be closed if either party ceases to cooperate, or if it does not respond within
the agreed timeframe.

Taking the lightning network on bitcoin as an example. A bitcoin transaction covers several
parts. Here is a brief description:
1. Point to a previous transaction that someone sent you bitcoins (you own the address
that corresponds to the private key)
2. The bitcoin addresses you sent to (actually a lock script)

22 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

3. Encrypted signature to prove that you already "own" the bitcoin that was spent and
that you created the transaction.

Sending the signed transaction directly to the recipient instead of broadcasting is just as easy
as (traditional) the payment itself. The only problem is that as long as the transaction is not
on the blockchain, you have the option of sending the bitcoin to someone else. Bitcoin
trading is extremely flexible. Two people can decide to combine their bitcoins into a single
transaction, and the transaction can be sent out only if it is encrypted and signed by both
persons at the same time. This is called multi-signature or pay-to-script-hash. It is also the
basis for setting up payment channels.

23 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

[状态通道的创立和形成过程]

4.4.2 Lightning Network
For the platform with smart contracts, the realization of the micro-payment channel
technology can be more flexible and direct. The lightning network make use of smart
contract to enable micro-payment. ENT will leverage lightning network technology for highfrequency and low-cost blockchain applications. When a "hot" celebrity event or content of a
highly compelling celebrity activity is released, it may lead a large number of fans (users) to
visit the platform and and make purchase in a short period of time, resulting in congestion in
ENT Cash or Idol tokens. Fans and users will not be able to complete purchase and
consumption in time, and the user experience will not be good within the timeframe of the
congestion. Lighting technology is based on the low-latency and low-cost token transfer
24 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

technology of Ethereum. Micro payment of ENT cash can be transacted off-chain to achieve
high-frequency ENT cash transaction in a short time. More importantly, it can save a lot of
transaction costs for both the platform and the

users.

Lightning Network
Lightning network draws on the principle of bitcoin lightning network. It realizes transfer
technology based on ethereum network’s characteristics of low latency and cost. By
leveraging on the advantages of the off-chain payment channels, lightning network enables
any number of tokens to be transferred between two participants for any number of
transactions. This is especially useful for micro-transactions, and it can increase the main
blockchain network scalability dramatically. Since micro-transactions are done off the chain,
the speed of transaction can reach more than 1,000,000 per second, except for the last
shutdown channel operation.

25 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

4.4.3 Comparisons of Scalability Solutions
There are many solutions for scalability, including sharding, sidechains, interactive
authentication protocols, and state-channels. While all these solutions have the potential to
increase transactional capacity, lightning network has some advantages in reducing cost and
latency.

4.4.4 Future Cross-chain Protocol Support
ENT, as a Dapp application on quantum chain, needs to utilize smart contract to achieve
remote cross-chain call in the future. And here we list the main types of cross-chain
technology and technology framework. ENT will combine the features of quantum chain
smart contract platform, using cross-chain technology framework like Polkdot to achieve the
value transfer and exchange, and Dapp's remote cross-chain call.

4.4.4.1 Types of Cross-chain Technology
Centralized or multi-signature witness pattern notary (application level): The witness is the
legal user of chain A, who is responsible for monitoring chain B events and states, and then
turns to operate chain A.
Sidechain or relay mode (protocol level): The blockchain system itself can read chain B's
events and states.

26 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

Hash-locking (protocol level): Interoperability trigger is set between chain A and B, usually a
random hash value to be disclosed in the plaintext.
Polkdot
Cross-chain transactions are very different from standard external signature transactions. In
short, this means that verifiers on the relay chain manually shifts the transaction from the
export queue of the source chain to the entry queue of the target chain. The verifiers verifies
the state conversion by running the full node of a particular parallel chain. They are called to
be "mortgaged" people, meaning they must deposit a certain account of security funds and be
punished if they do wrong.
"Parallel chain" refers to the existing or future blockchain linking the Polkadot relay chain. "
Finite State Machine" refers to the brain or CPU in any state (such as EVM for Ethereum).
Finite State Machine handles broadcasting transactions over the network. You may have
heard of "state conversion functions," essentially changing the old state of the chain to a new
state, bringing updates, additions, and deletions to accounts. Through Polkadot relay chain, a
parallel chain can send any information to another parallel chain. These messages can invoke
the functions of smart contract, which can meet any arbitrary function needs in the parallel
chain Finite State Machin.
Cosmos
Cosmos is designed to interact with token chains based on the tendermint consensus. Its
message protocol level is lower, depending on the immediate final deterministic model of
tendermint.

5．Leadership

27 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

5.1 Core team members

28 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

5.2 Advisors

29 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

30 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

5.3 Partners

31 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

6. ENT Foundation
6.1 Introduction
ENT is setting up ENT Foundation (“ENTF”) as a non-profit organization with the goal of
accelerating the adoption of blockchain technology and development of ENT ecosystem. The
Foundation allows members to register. It accepts donations and operates in public interests
relating to blockchain technology and ENT ecosystem.
ENT has been registered as a company limited by guarantee in Korea.

6.2 Governance Principles
The principles of ENTF is to support and coordinate the efforts of the blockchain community
by helping to create greater awareness of the benefits of the blockchain technology and the
development of the ENT project. This is done through concerted effort in education and
awareness campaigns to promote the use of blockchain technology and related technologies
for enthusiasts, developers, regulators, technologists, practitioners and users globally.

6.3 Foundation Organization
6.3.1 ENTF Activities
ENTF will undertake the following activities:


Directing and supervising the development and maintenance of the ENT Cash.



Promoting safety and harmony of the ENT blockchain ecosystem through the
adoption of best practice governance principles.



Funding activities that will propel the development of the ENT ecosystem and any
related projects.

6.3.2 Advisory Committee
The Advisory Committee will:


Comprising at least 5 persons including at least one member of ENTF and at least 2
independent advisors.
32 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER



Meeting at least 4 times a year.



Advising on the governance of ENTF to the members of ENTF.

The initial term for the members of the committee will be a mix of 1 year and 2 years to
ensure continuity. Thereafter, all advisors will have 2 years of appointment.

6.3.3 Management
The members of ENTF will be responsible for appointing or dismissing the management
team of ENTF. ENTF intends to appoint one finance lead and one legal lead to form the
initial management team for the operations of ENTF. The management team will be
responsible for:


Legal and financial management.



Supervision of the grant management process covering application management,
financial tracking and reporting, and operational delivery and reporting.



Publishing a report on the delivery of the objectives set out in the Token Sale every
quarter. The audited annual financial statements will be lodged with ACRA



Providing reports on a regular basis to the Advisory Committee

Organization Structure

33 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

6.4 Funding Distribution
6.4.1 Funding Resource
The fund for ENT will be raised by strategic institutional investors and accredit investors
under legislation. ENT only accepts fund from people who have gone through proper KYC
process and adhere to strict AML rules.

6.4.2 Budget Planning
We are raising funds denominated in Hcash for our token launch. Fund usage will be split
approximately evenly between platform development and application development.

FUNDING BREAKDOWN
Administration

Legal/Accounting Marketing

5%

R&D

Miscellaneous

20%

25%

20%

30%

Split of Fund

6.4.3 Restrictive clause
To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, ENT and/or
the distributor shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other
losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue,
income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any
acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you.

34 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

6.4.4 Digital Asset Management
All payments received for ENT tokens will be held in escrow in a multi-signature address,
with a multi-key structure. The keys of this multi-signature account will stay with ENT
Foundation Management Committee and ENT cach project technological services
department.

6.5 Legal, Compliance and Audit
ENT is appointing a professional Australian law firm to provide legal advice on regulatory
and compliance matters. This law firm will also be engaged by ENT Foundation to provide
external legal advice. ENT Foundation is in the process of appointing an internationally
recognized audit firm to provide auditing service as well. As soon as all appointments are
finalized, the foundation will make an announcement on the ENT Foundation website.

6.6 Reporting
6.6.1 Project Plan
ENT intends to produce a written update fortnightly on the progress towards the expansion
goals. ENT will also make announcements when significant milestones are reached. This will
be in the form of a blog on Medium to cover both technical and business issues.

6.6.2 Quarter/Annual reporting
To ensure transparency in management and operation of ENT foundation, the foundation will
release an update of the latest status each quarter and annum. The report will include major
strategies and decisions made in the reporting period, the asset under management, and major
investment activities and other important issues that will affect the development of ENT and
ENT ecosystem.

7. Road Map
7.1 Current Status
35 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

7.2 Future Development

Roadmap

8. Disclaim and Risk Management
8.1 Disclaimers
The ENT platform does not make any representations or warranties with respect to ENT or
ENT Cash token (especially for its merchantability and specific functionality), as expressly
stated in this white paper. Any person who participates in ENT Cash token's public sale
program and purchases ENT Cash token is based on his own knowledge of ENT and ENT
Cash token and the information in this white paper. Subject to the generality of the foregoing,
all participants will receive the ENT Cash token, regardless of their specifications,
parameters, performance, or functionality, after the ENT project is launched.

ENT platform hereby clearly does not recognize and refuse to bear the following
responsibilities:

1) Any person who purchases ENT Cash token violates any country's anti-money
laundering, anti-terrorism financing or other regulatory requirements;
2) Any person who, at the time of purchase of the ENT Cash token, has violated any of
the representations, warranties, obligations, commitments or other requirements, as
well as the resulting non-payment or the inability to extract the ENT Cash token;
3) For any reason ENT Cash token's open sale plan was abandoned;
36 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

4) ENT development failed, postponed or postponed, and consequently failed to deliver
ENT Cash token or delayed delivery;
5)

Loops, errors, flaws, crashes, rollbacks, or hard bifurcations in ethereum or related
block chain source code technical problems caused by platform failure;

6) The use of funds raised by public sale;
7) Any participant disclosing, losing or destroying the private key of the encrypted
currency or tokens;
8) ENT Cash token sale of third-party platform for breach of contract, violation,
infringement, collapse, paralysis, service termination or suspension, fraud, misuse,
misconduct, failure, negligence, bankruptcy, liquidation, settlement scattered or
closed;
9) Any person who deals or speculates on ENT Cash token;
10) ENT Cash token is traded or delisted on any exchange;
11) The ENT Cash token is classified by any government, competent authority or public
body or deemed to be a currency vouchers, negotiable instruments, negotiable
instruments, investment goods or other things, so as to receive prohibitions, legal
restrictions;
12) Any risk factors disclosed in this white paper, as well as damages, losses, claims,
liabilities, penalties, costs or other adverse effects that are relevant to or associated
with such risk factors.

8.1 Risk Statements

ENT development and operations team believe that in the ENT development, maintenance
and operation process exists numerous risks, many of which are beyond the ENT
development and operation team’s control. In addition to this white paper, each ENT Cash
token purchaser should also read, understand and carefully consider the following risks
before deciding whether to participate in this open sale plan.

The buyer of each ENT Cash token should pay special attention to the fact that although the
ENT development and operations team is established in the Republic of Singapore, ENT and

37 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

ENT Cash token exist only in the network virtual space and do not have any tangible
presence and therefore does not belong to or is involved in any particular country.

Participation in this open sale plan should be a deliberate decision-making action that would
be deemed to have been fully known and agreed by the purchaser to the following risks:

1) Termination of the open sale plan
This ENT Cash token open sale plan may be terminated prematurely, and the purchaser may
only partially refund the amount paid by the bidder because of the price volatility of BTC/
ETH and the expense of the ENT development and operation team.

2) Insufficient information provided
As of this white paper release date, ENT is still in the development phase, and its philosophy,
consensus mechanisms, algorithms, code and other technical details and parameters may be
updated and changed frequently. Although this white paper contains the latest information on
ENT, it is not absolutely complete and will be adjusted and updated from time to time by
ENT development and operation teams for specific purposes. ENT development and
operation teams have no capability and obligation to keep informed of every detail (including
its progress and expected milestones, whether or not it is delayed) to the participants, and
therefore does not necessarily give the purchaser a timely and full Access to ENT
development from time to time generated information. Inadequate disclosure of information
is unavoidable and clean.

3) regulatory measures
The encrypted tokens are being or may be supervised by the competent authorities of the
different countries. The ENT development and operations team may from time to time
receive inquiries, notices, warranties, orders or rulings from one or more of the
administrations, and may even be ordered to suspend or terminate any information regarding
this Open Sale Program, ENT Development or ENT Cash token action. ENT's development,
marketing, publicity or other aspects and this open sale plan are likely to be seriously
affected, hindered or end. As regulatory policies are subject to change at any time, any
existing regulatory or tolerant permission for ENT or this open sale program may be
temporary only. In all different countries, ENT Cash token may be defined as virtual goods,
38 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

digital assets or even securities or currencies at any time, so ENT Cash token may be
prohibited from trading or holdings in certain countries.

4) Cryptography
Cryptography is evolving and cannot guarantee absolute security at all times. Advances in
cryptography (such as password cracking) or technological advances (such as the invention
of quantum computers) can pose a risk to cryptographic-based systems (including ENT). This
could cause any holding of the ENT Cash token to be stolen, stolen, disappeared, destroyed
or devalued. To a reasonable extent, the ENT development and operations team will be
prepared to take precautionary or remedial action to upgrade ENT's underlying agreement to
respond to any progress in cryptography and, where appropriate, incorporate new and
reasonable security measures. The future of cryptography and security innovation is
unpredictable, and the ENT development and operations team will try to cater for the
changing world of cryptography and security.

5) Development failed or abandoned
ENT is still in the development stage, not ready to be released at any time. Due to the
technical complexity of the ENT system, the ENT development and operations team may
face unforeseen and / or insurmountable difficulties from time to time. Therefore, the
development of ENT may for no reason fail at any time or give up (for example due to lack
of funds). Failure of development or abandonment will result in the ENT Cash token being
unable to deliver to any purchaser of this sale.

6) The theft of all funds
There may be someone trying to steal the ENT platform received by the public sale of funds.
Such theft or theft attempts may affect the ability of ENT to develop and operate the team to
fund the development of ENT. Although the ENT development and operations team will take
the most cutting-edge technology to protect the security of all funds, some network theft is
still difficult to be completely blocked.

7) Source code flaws
No one can guarantee that ENT's source code is completely flawless. The code may have
some flaws, errors, defects, and vulnerabilities that could prevent users from using specific
39 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

features, exposing user information, or generating other problems. If such defects do exist, it
will harm ENT's usability, stability or security, and thus adversely affect the value of ENT
Cash token.

8) Security weaknesses
The ENT block is based on open source software and is a distributed book without
permission. While ENT's development and operations team is working to maintain ENT
system security, anyone can intentionally or unintentionally bring weaknesses or
vulnerabilities into the core infrastructure elements of ENT, and develop these vulnerabilities
or deficiencies in ENT and the operations team cannot prevent or compensate for the safety
measures adopted by it. This may eventually result in the loss of the participant's ENT Cash
token or other digital tokens.

9) "Distributed denial of service" attack
It is designed to be open and free of charge. As a result, the Ethereum may suffer from a
"distributed denial of service" network attack from time to time. This attack will cause the
ENT system to be adversely affected, stagnated or paralyzed, and thus cause the transaction
written or recorded into Ethereum blockchain to be delayed, or even temporarily unable to
execute.

10) Lack of processing capacity
ENT's rapid development will be accompanied by a sharp increase in trading volume and
demand for processing capacity. If the demand for processing capacity exceeds the load that
can be provided by the nodes in the Ethereum blockchain network, the ENT network may be
paralyzed or stagnated, and fraudulent or erroneous transactions such as "double expenses"
may arise. In the worst case, anyone who holds the ENT Cash token may be lost, the
ethereum block chain rollback or even hard fork may be triggered. The aftermath of these
events will compromise ENT's usability, stability and security, and the value of ENT Cash
token.

11) Unauthorized claim for sale ENT Cash token
Any person who obtains the purchaser's registered email or account access by decrypting or
cracking the ENT Cash token buyer's password will be able to maliciously acquire the ENT
40 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

Cash token purchased by the ENT Cash token purchaser. Accordingly, the ENT Cash token
purchased by the purchaser may be sent incorrectly to any person who pleases the ENT Cash
token through the purchaser's registered email or registered account, which is irrevocable and
irreversible. Each ENT Cash token purchaser should take the following measures to properly
maintain the security of its registered or registered account: (i) use a high security password;
(ii) do not open or reply to any fraudulent mail; and (iii) strictly confidential its confidential
or personal information.

12) ENT Cash token wallet private key
The private key required to obtain the ENT Cash token is irreversible. The ENT Cash token
can be manipulated only by having a unique public and private key via a local or online ENT
Cash token wallet. Each buyer should keep his ENT Cash token wallet private key. If the
private key of the ENT Cash token purchaser is lost, leaked, damaged or stolen, the ENT
development and operation team or any other person cannot help the purchaser acquire or
retrieve the relevant ENT Cash token.

13) Popularity
The value of the ENT Cash token depends largely on the popularity of the ENT platform.
ENT is not expected to be popular or widely used within a short time after release. In the
worst case, ENT may even be marginalized for a long time, attracting only a small number of
users. In contrast, a large number of ENT Cash token needs may be speculative. Lack of
users may lead to ENT Cash token market price fluctuations and thus affect the long-term
development of ENT. When this price fluctuates, the ENT development and operations team
will not (and is not responsible) stabilize or affect the market price of ENT Cash token.

14) Price fluctuations
If the transaction in the open market, encrypted tokens usually price fluctuations. Short-term
price shocks often occur. The price may be denominated in BTC, ETH, USD or in other
currencies. This volatility may be due to market forces (including speculative trading),
regulatory policy changes, technological innovations, the availability of exchanges and other
objective factors that also reflect changes in supply and demand balance. The ENT
development and operations team is not responsible for ENT Cash token transactions in any
secondary market, regardless of the presence of the ENT Cash token secondary market. As a
41 / 41

ENT WHITE PAPER

result, the ENT development and operation team has no obligation to stabilize the price
fluctuations of the ENT Cash token. ENT traders should take their own risks related to
transaction price of ENT Cash token.

Contact us:
Website: http://entcash.com/

42 / 41

