ESCROW COIN
​Buy or Sell Securely
using
EscrowCoin
A Decentralized Escrow Platform for
Cryptocurrency

Table of Contents:
Introduction
Features
Specification
Advantages of investing in Masternode coin:
Rewards Distribution

Introduction:
What is Escrow?
An escrow is a contractual arrangement in which a third party receives and disburses
money or documents for the primary transacting parties, with the disbursement
dependent on conditions agreed to by the transacting parties, or an account established
by a broker for holding funds on behalf of the broker's principal or some other person
until the consummation or termination of a transaction or, a trust account held in the
borrower's name to pay obligations.
We can also say that an escrow is a financial arrangement where a third party holds and
regulates payment of the funds required for two parties involved in a given transaction.
It helps make transactions more secure by keeping the payment in a secure escrow
account which is only released when all of the terms of an agreement are met as
overseen by the escrow company.

How does Escrow Work?
Escrow-coin.com is step ahead of the existing escrow services. It allows you to escrow
funds in multiple cryptocurrencies. It reduces the risk of fraud by acting as a trusted
third-party that collects, holds and only disburses funds when both Buyers and Sellers are
satisfied.
1. Buyer and Seller agrees to terms​ - Either the Buyer or Seller begins a transaction.
After registering at Escrow-coin.com, all parties agree to the terms of the
transaction.
2. Buyer pays Escrow-coin.com​ - The Buyer submits a payment by approved payment
method to our secure Escrow Account, Escrow-coin.com verifies the payment, the
Seller is notified that funds have been secured 'In Escrow'.
3. Seller ships merchandise or provide service to Buyer​ - Upon payment verification,
the Seller is authorised to send the merchandise and submit tracking information.
Escrow-coin.com verifies that the Buyer receives.
4. Buyer accepts ​- The Buyer has a set number of days as per the terms to inspect the
merchandise and the option to accept or reject it. The Buyer accepts the
merchandise.
5. Escrow-coin.com pays the Seller​ - Escrow-coin.com releases funds to the Seller
from the Escrow Account.

Principles underlying the platform?
● Secured collection, storage and distribution of the funds avoiding of unforseen
losses.
● Voting as a way of evaluating.
● Escrow-coin.com is step ahead of the existing escrow services. It allows you to
escrow funds in multiple cryptocurrencies.

What is Escrow-coin.com
Open Source system allows 2 transacting parties, a Buyer and Seller, to transact with their
choice of Escrow Agent. Here the masternodes of Escrow-coin gets the unique
opportunity to become an escrow agent. The System will provide the competitive
environment for all the users i.e Buyers, Sellers and Escrow Agents. Masternodes can
register themselves as Escrow Agent and setup their bench to resolve the dispute if any.
Buyers and sellers will be able to select escrow agent (Masternode) of their choice. They
will also be able to rate the services of the Escrow Agent. A transaction can have one or
more number of Escrow Agents.
EscrowCoin will be used as digital currency to run the system. All payments to Escrow
Agents will be done through EscrowCoin only.
Here comes the American Masternode coin for its users. With an aim to provide its users
and investors both good ROI. All that the investors have to do is to purchase 1500 coins
and make a Masternode. Users then get 50% of the rewards of each block, for the PoS
coin.
If users cannot buy as much as 1500 coins, then they can buy any number of coins
and do staking. Staking gives 50% of the rewards of each block.
The coin is in development and manage by real developer, and not by someone who just
buys the coin or code. This is why you can expect regular maintenance and smooth flow of
transactions / Blockchain.

Some of the areas where escrow service can be used
●
●
●
●
●
●

Domain Name Holding Escrow
General Merchandise Escrow
Broker Escrow
Vehicle Escrow
Domain and Website Escrow
Milestone Escrow

Features
EscrowCoin has 12 coins in every block as reward. This is split into 50% (6 coins) for
Masternode and 50% (6 coins) for staking. It also has POW reward of .5 coin from
block 201 - 1,00,201.
User needs to setup only wallet for both Staking and Masternode. This means that users
do not need to worry about the staking of rewards, as the wallet does both Masternode
services and gives rewards for coin staking too.
The wallet can be used for multiple Masternodes and all the rewards can be auto
staked automatically.

Specifications
Coin Name

Escrow Coin

Ticker / Symbol

ESCO

Coin Type

0.83% premine only for development and marketing. From 201 100201 block POW and POS and after that POS only which is very
good for the Masternode and Stakers.
POW reward - .5 coin per block.

Masternode/Staking
reward

12 ESCO per block. 50% / 50% between masternode and stakers.
decreasing by 5% every year

PoS Hashing algorithm

Scrypt

Coin inspiration from

DASH

Difficulty retargeting

Every block

Max supply

60,000,000 ESCO

Block Reward

12 ESCO

Block Time

90 seconds

Stake Age

24 Hours

Block Size

3 MB

Escrow Coin is specifically designed to solve and transcend all these problems. The
fundamental principles of ESCO include but not limited to:
● DECENTRALIZATION​: Escrowcoin is owned and controlled by the people. The
public ledger or “blockchain” is a decentralized, distributed ledger stored
collectively on millions of computers worldwide and is governed by consensus
algorithms, math and the people, not by governments, financial institutions or
central banks.
● PRIVACY​: The consumer's identity is as anonymous as they want it to be. The
blockchain contains only cryptic numbers known as Escrow coin addresses for the
sender and receiver of each transaction.
● UNLIMITED USE​: EscrowCoin can be sent immediately to and from anyone,
anywhere, anytime, for anything, in any amount, with little or no fees.
● CONTROLLED SUPPLY​: No one can change the predetermined and published
circulation schedule of a EscrowCoin. The government cannot arbitrarily create
more cryptocurrency out of thin air and devalue it. Escrowcoin have many of the
same characteristics as the precious metals that were once used to back a
currency. They work because of their controlled and limited supply.
● TRANSPARENCY​: Everything is public. All technical specifications, whitepapers and
source code files are published for the public to see. All cryptocurrency
transactions are recorded in the blockchain for everyone to see with a publicly
provided blockchain explorer.
No government or bank can create more EscrowCoin or any other cryptocurrency, nor can
they confiscate anyone’s money or tell anyone what they can and can’t do with their
money. It is a grass-roots movement driven by the people and is unstoppable in the exact
same way that the Internet cannot be stopped or shut down because it has no single point
of control or failure.

Advantages of investing in Masternode coin
Early investors get get benefits of higher returns. Early investors can right away start
making Masternodes with the 1500 coins they receive. They can do staking if they have
amount greater than 1500 or less than 1500.
We are not distributing tokens in ICO, but directly coins in. This is why users can
directly start earning before the coin even hits the exchanges.
We are planning on getting the coin on minimum 4 exchanges to ensure proper
liquidity and proper popularity.

Rewards distribution:
There are 1440 minutes in a day, which means there are 86400 total seconds in a day.
Divided by 90 seconds for every block, we get 960 Blocks made every day. The reward
of 12 coins per block is divided into 50% for Masternodes (6 ESCO) and 50% for Staking
(5 ESCO)
Further the rewards are distributed to all running Masternodes. The more number of
Maternodes, the less rewards you get, because the rewards are distributed to each
Masternode in a timely manner.

Escodex Exchange

Escodex is a decentralized exchange (DEX) that provides trading services for multiple
cryptocurrencies aiming to create a service that is simple and easy for everyday user.
EscoDex provides blockchain wallet service where consumers and traders can transact
with multiple digital assets. Trading fees at Escodex varies from 0.01% to 0.1%. It has
partnered with Blockfolio and Delta App, which are an established brand in crypto world,
providing its traders with seamless portfolio management options.

With lowest trading fee of 0.1%, 25-plus coins onboard and presence in portfolio
management apps in just one month Escodex has done a remarkable entry in
Decentralized Segment of Crypto Exchanges. Its existing features comprises of Deposit,
Withdraw, Placing Buy/Sell Orders, Cancelling orders, Transferring digital assets and
viewing Transaction history details in Dashboard (Activity). As part of near future
expansion plan, Escodex will add more base pairs, make DEX ERC-20 compatible and roll
out its star feature- Escrow Platform in early Q3, 2018.

One of the key advantages with Escodex is its reward system. Masternode holders of
Escrow Coin get a share of listing fees in form of regular payouts. Escodex also runs
several bounty campaigns fetching users reward coins. For instance if you post on a forum
you get 10 crypto coins, make a video and get 6000 coins and so on. Similar twitter, invite
bounties run from time to time. As you read this, free coins are running down someone's
wallet. With its scaling social media presence on Twitter, Discord, Telegram,
bitcointalk.org, Medium and Reddit, you can always go through our stories, stay tuned to
regular updates and get in touch with Escodex founders & core team who are just a
message away in Discord and Telegram Groups.

Escodex has been built with an aim of reducing counter-party risk, providing decentralized
platform, ease of usage, stability and faster transaction times. These features along with
Escrow Platform make Escodex a promising crypto-exchange with potential of becoming a
global major.
Soon a system will be developed to Vote for a new coin listing on exchange. All voting fee
will be charged in ESCO. Every week one coin having highest vote will be listed in Escodex
exchange.

Escrow Platform for CryptoCurrency
The Escrow Platform is being introduced with an aim to bring world-class Escrow Service
to crypto world. It is a decentralized system built on Blockchain technology, serving as a
financial vehicle that allows 2 transacting parties- a Buyer and a Seller, to exchange digital
assets with the help of an Escrow Agent. This ensures that no party is scammed.
Counterparty Risk Minimization is fulfilled since funds are escrowed using a common trust.
Escrow Platform will support all digital assets listed on these 4 exchanges- Escodex,
OpenLedger, Bitshares & CryptoBridge. Payments to Escrow Agents will be done by
EscrowCoin (ESCO). All escrows are 100% secure and are performed instantly.
Escrow Agents?
In initial phase, escrow agents are taken care by Escrow Coin Admin team. Later on the
Escrow Coin masternode holders will get an opportunity to be Escrow Agents.
Dispute Resolution
System is developed in such way there are very less chances of dispute. All escrow
transactions will be monitored by Escrow Coin Admin team until system achieves
complete stability. Till then all concerns/issues/disputes will be handled by Escrow Admin
Team. User can get in touch with the team through Escrow Coin discord/telegram
communities.
Discord:
https://discord.gg/4HxM9kc
Telegram:
https://t.me/joinchat/HiW3nRGUsFlLAk-ZvzfVrg
Moving ahead, buyer and seller can mutually decide upon an arbitrator or a Bench of
arbitrators and resolve disputes. If any party is not satisfied with the result, they can
appoint another arbitrator and so on. Still if the issue remains unresolved, then decision of
Escrow Coin team shall be binding and final.
What will be the Escrow Fees?
When Seller creates escrow
Escrow Fee Seller to Agent

:

1 ESCO

When Buyer approves escrow
Escrow Fee Buyer to Agent

:

1 ESCO

If seller cancels
Cancellation Fee

:

0.5 ESCO

This is initial phase fee structure. Fee structure may change based on feedbacks and
suggestions.
Features
● Security - Provides users with 100% Scam Proof Environment
● Scalability - Exchange any Asset for any Asset
● Quick & Easy
● More than 100 currencies supported.
● Verified transactions stored on blockchain.

