Draft for open community review and subject to change

Contents
1/40

Draft for open community review and subject to change

IMPORTANT NOTICE

NOTHING IN THIS WHITEPAPER CONSTITUTES LEGAL, FINANCIAL,
BUSINESS OR TAX ADVICE AND YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN LEGAL,
FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S) BEFORE ENGAGING
IN ANY ACTIVITY IN CONNECTION HEREWITH. NEITHER ESPORTS CHAIN
LIMITED (THE FOUNDATION), ANY OF THE PROJECT TEAM MEMBERS WHO
HAVE WORKED ON THE E-SPORTS CHAIN NETWORK (AS DEFINED HEREIN)
OR PROJECT TO DEVELOP THE E-SPORTS CHAIN NETWORK IN ANY WAY
WHATSOEVER (THE E-SPORTS CHAIN TEAM), ANY DISTRIBUTOR/VENDOR
OF EST (THE DISTRIBUTOR), NOR ANY SERVICE PROVIDER SHALL BE LIABLE
FOR ANY KIND OF DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGE OR LOSS WHATSOEVER
WHICH YOU MAY SUFFER IN CONNECTION WITH ACCESSING THIS
WHITEPAPER,

THE

WEBSITE

AT

HTTPS://ESPORTSCHAIN.ORG/

(THE

WEBSITE) OR ANY OTHER WEBSITES OR MATERIALS PUBLISHED BY THE
FOUNDATION.

This Whitepaper is intended for general informational purposes only and does not
constitute a prospectus, an offer document, an offer of securities, a solicitation for
investment, or any offer to sell any product, item or asset (whether digital or otherwise).
The information herein below may not be exhaustive and does not imply any elements of
a contractual relationship. There is no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such
information and no representation, warranty or undertaking is or purported to be provided
as to the accuracy or completeness of such information. Where this Whitepaper includes
information that has been obtained from third party sources, the Foundation and/or the ESports Chain team have not independently verified the accuracy or completion of such
information. Further, you acknowledge that circumstances may change and that this
Whitepaper may become outdated as a result; and the Foundation is under no obligation to
update or correct this document in connection therewith.

This Whitepaper does not constitute any offer by the Foundation, the Distributor or the ESports Chain team to sell any EST (as defined herein) nor shall it or any part of it nor the

2/40

Draft for open community review and subject to change

fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract
or investment decision. Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as
a promise, representation or undertaking as to the future performance of the E-Sports Chain
Network. The agreement between the Distributor and you, in relation to any sale and
purchase of EST is to be governed by only the separate terms and conditions of such
agreement.

By accessing this Whitepaper or any part thereof, you represent and warrant to the
Foundation, its affiliates, and the E-Sports Chain team as follows:

(a)

in any decision to purchase any EST, you have not relied on any statement set out
in this Whitepaper;

(b)

you will and shall at your own expense ensure compliance with all laws, regulatory
requirements and restrictions applicable to you (as the case may be);

(c)

you acknowledge, understand and agree that EST may have no value, there is no
guarantee or representation of value or liquidity for EST, and EST is not for
speculative investment;

(d)

none of the Foundation, its affiliates, and/or the E-Sports Chain team members
shall be responsible for or liable for the value of EST, the transferability and/or
liquidity of EST and/or the availability of any market for EST through third parties
or otherwise; and

(e)

you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible to purchase any
EST if you are a citizen, national, resident (tax or otherwise), domiciliary and/or
green card holder of a geographic area or country (i) where it is likely that the sale
of EST would be construed as the sale of a security (howsoever named) or
investment product and/or (ii) in which access to or participation in the EST token
sale or the E-Sports Chain Network is prohibited by applicable law, decree,
regulation, treaty, or administrative act, and/or (including without limitation the
United States of America, Canada, New Zealand, People's Republic of China and
the Republic of Korea).

3/40

Draft for open community review and subject to change

The Foundation, the Distributor and the E-Sports Chain team do not and do not purport to
make, and hereby disclaims, all representations, warranties or undertaking to any entity or
person (including without limitation warranties as to the accuracy, completeness,
timeliness or reliability of the contents of this Whitepaper or any other materials published
by the Foundation). To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Foundation, the
Distributor, their related entities and service providers shall not be liable for any indirect,
special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise
(including, without limitation, any liability arising from default or negligence on the part
of any of them, or any loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data) arising
from the use of this Whitepaper or any other materials published, or its contents (including
without limitation any errors or omissions) or otherwise arising in connection with the
same. Prospective purchasers of EST should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and
uncertainties (including financial and legal risks and uncertainties) associated with the EST
token sale, the Foundation, the Distributor and the E-Sports Chain team.

The information set out in this Whitepaper is for community discussion only and is not
legally binding. No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment
in relation to the acquisition of EST, and no virtual currency or other form of payment is
to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper. The agreement for sale and purchase of
EST and/or continued holding of EST shall be governed by a separate set of Terms and
Conditions or Token Purchase Agreement (as the case may be) setting out the terms of
such purchase and/or continued holding of EST (the Terms and Conditions), which shall
be separately provided to you or made available on the Website. In the event of any
inconsistencies between the Terms and Conditions and this Whitepaper, the Terms and
Conditions shall prevail.

All contributions will be applied towards the Foundation's objects, including without
limitation advancing, promoting the research, design and development of, and advocacy
for a blockchain-based decentralised e-sports ecosystem which would solve various
problems in the industry such as unjustified incentive distribution by centralised,
inefficient institutions, in order to achieve fair profit distributions among content producers
and consumers.

4/40

Draft for open community review and subject to change

No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this
Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory
requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of
this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules
have been complied with.

This is only a conceptual whitepaper describing the future development goals for the ESports Chain Network to be developed. This Whitepaper may be amended or replaced from
time to time. There are no obligations to update this Whitepaper or to provide recipients
with access to any information beyond what is provided in this Whitepaper.

All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press releases or in any
place accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by the Foundation, the
Distributor and/or the E-Sports Chain team may constitute forward-looking statements
(including statements regarding intent, belief or current expectations with respect to market
conditions, business strategy and plans, financial condition, specific provisions and risk
management practices). You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forwardlooking statements given that these statements involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results to be materially
different from that described by such forward-looking statements, and no independent third
party has reviewed the reasonableness of any such statements or assumptions. These
forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date of this Whitepaper and the
Foundation and the E-Sports Chain team expressly disclaims any responsibility (whether
express or implied) to release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect
events after such date.

The use of any company and/or platform names or trademarks herein (save for those which
relate to the Foundation or its affiliates) does not imply any affiliation with, or endorsement
by, any third party. References in this Whitepaper to specific companies and platforms are
for illustrative purposes only.

5/40

Draft for open community review and subject to change

This Whitepaper may be translated into a language other than English and in the event of
conflict or ambiguity between the English language version and translated versions of this
Whitepaper, the English language version shall prevail. You acknowledge that you have
read and understood the English language version of this Whitepaper.

No part of this Whitepaper is to be copied, reproduced, distributed or disseminated in any
way without the prior written consent of the Foundation.

6/40

Draft for open community review and subject to change

1. Introduction of E-sports
1.1 The potentially first sport with its 50% growth rate in viewers in 3 years
1.2 Chinese E-sports market scale has exceeded 75 billion in 2017

2. Problems in the ecosystem of E-sports
2.1 E-sports transactions demand reputable intermediates
2.2 Gambling in E-sports matches is opaque and lacking in credibility
2.3 The KOL value of professional players and streamers is hard to evaluate
2.4 Ordinary players are short of sense of participation in co-building of ecosystem
2.5 Protective measures to intellectual property are incomplete

3. Viability for the combination of E-sports ecosystem and block
chain
3.1 Decentralisation
3.2 Intamperability and uniqueness
3.3 Transparency and autonomy
3.4 Consensus mechanism and distribution of virtual currency

4. Applications
4.1 Consensus mechanism
4.2 Distribution of virtual currency
4.3 Examples of applicable situations

7/40

Draft for open community review and subject to change

4.3.1 Profit distribution among professional players, streamers and ordinary
players
4.3.2 The collections and transactions of IP derivatives
4.3.3 Assets and services transactions between users
4.3.4 Gambling in E-sports matches
4.3.5 Transactions and incentives for new types of advertisement
4.3.6 Intelligent framework of E-sports event

5. Details in technique and project planning
5.1 General framework
5.2 Ethereal Module
5.3 Work Proxy
5.4 Applications
5.5 Users
5.6 Challenges
5.7 History

6. Business cooperation and implement
7. Consultant
8. Founding team
9. Strategic partners
10. Token Distribution plan

8/40

Draft for open community review and subject to change

11. Risk

9/40

1. 1. Introduction of E-sports
E-sports is a newly rising sport and popular among the young. Since its emergence, the
rate of growth of the number of participants for E-sports has remained at a steadily high
level. E-sports has become an official competition event in the 2022 Hangzhou Asian
Games and is a hopeful to be included in the 2024 Paris Summer Olympics.
1.1 The potentially first sport with a 50% growth rate in viewers in 3 years

Report data for global E-sports market analysis from an international market research
institute Newzoo shows that in 2017, the number of global E-sports event viewers reached
385 million, which is composed of 191 million E-sports lovers and 194 million ordinary
viewers. The total number is expected to be 589 million in 2020, which is 50% more than

its current state.
A research institute Sparks & Honey from the United States believes that with more
standardised E-sports events and expanded channels for E-sports events broadcast, the total
number of potential audiences will be 1.4 billion, and the ratings will exceed any other
conventional events in the United States.

10/40

1.2 Chinese E-sports market scale has exceeded 75 billion in 2017

As E-sports gets more penetrated in the young groups, it shows massive industrial potential. During
the League of Legends 2017 World Championship, over a million people snapped up the tickets
online, and the price of scalped tickets rose up to 10 times of its original selling price at most.

According to China E-sports Industry Report by China Audio-video and Digital Publishing
Association and Joynews, the E-sports market scale reached 50.5 billion in 2016 with 34.7% growth
rate year-on-year; and it is estimated to exceed 75 billion in 2017.

11/40

2. Problems in the ecosystem of E-sports

2.1 E-sports transactions demand reputable intermediates

The population of game players is massive, and they have abundant demands for transactions,
involving the game itself, game accessories, game currency, player accompaniment, etc. For each
scenario, there are corresponding centralised platforms to help trading parties solve trust issues,
these platforms build their business model around the collection of commissions from each
transaction. However, in reality, much of these commissions should rightfully belong to the trading
parties. Centralised platforms have great control over their commission rates because of their
monopoly of the trading market, which leaves almost no place for the users to bargain. What is
more, the current barriers towards market entry for new platforms are unable to separate good and
bad operators, which results in good and bad platforms being intermingled. Financial losses for
users caused by the bad operations management of platforms or even the usage of unqualified
platforms is a normality.
2.2 Gambling in E-sports matches is opaque and lacking in credibility

In global gambling industry for E-sports events, centralised platforms also face the problem of
having a mixture of good and bad. Users suffer losses in personal property due to opacity in
transactions and problems from unqualified platforms. Meanwhile, gambling platforms often
advertise themselves unscrupulously in ways that leave an impression of unreliability on users. As
a result, users do not trust platforms much. In addition, traditional gambling platforms like Betway,
Bet365 take a 15% to 20% percentage commission as their profit, and their “t+n” settlement method
delays and reduces the profit of users in favour of the centralised gambling platforms through the
leveraging of time value of money that should rightfully belong to users. In such case, users do not
have the ability to bargain.
2.3 The KOL value of professional players and streamers is hard to evaluate

The essence of an E-sports event is the business logic of high quality IP, which is derived from Esports professional player. However, value assessment on pro player is not completed by a

12/40

reasonable quantitative method, and the profit distribution among players and centralised organisers
is often extremely unreasonable. In short, without a just profit distribution mechanism, players
cannot get the portion they deserve. For example, Faker, a renowned pro player in E-sports event,
of whose excellent performance and achievements make him highly commercial valuable. A
chinese E-sports club offered Faker 20 million RMB to join them but was declined because of
personal issues and Faker continued to serve in SKT with a far less salary. Many medias, fan-related
products and services use Faker’s influence to make profit while Faker himself does not get direct
increase in personal income. Aside of it, E-sports clubs are faced with the same problem. In some
bottom clubs, arrears in salaries, no social security and lack of health care support often occur. A
decentralised payment distribution mechanism should be taken to pro players for all kinds of Esports events.
2.4 Ordinary players are left short of sense of participation in co-building of ecosystem

Ordinary players are very fundamental contributors to the E-sports field with their attention and
money. For example, the fundamental division ranking system and matching systems both rely on
ordinary players, then comes the economic extensions to the fundamentals such as the levelling up
of service economy, streaming economy and event economy. The value generated by the full
operations of the game industry is consumed fully by manufacturers, event organisers, pro players,
transaction platforms, etc. Under this ecosystem, ordinary players get nothing in return except
entertainment and mental satisfaction.

2.5 Protective measures to intellectual property are incomplete

Content generators in E-sports area are faced with the problem that their original videos, articles
can be easily copied and tampered with. In such scenario, centralised content platforms like Jin Ri
Tou Tiao, Portal League of Legends carve up the profits of the original content producers.

13/40

3. Viability for the combination of the E-sports
ecosystem and blockchain
Blockchain is another milestone in the development of civilisation. Claude Elwood Shannon’s
Information Theory solved the technical foundation problem of quantitative information, built an
information network and completed the decentralisation in information dissemination; Satoshi
Nakamoto’s blockchain solved the theoretical foundation problem of quantitative credit
measurement, and blockchain is hopeful to build valuable network on the foundation left by
predecessors, so the centralised transaction pattern can be avoided, which greatly improve the
efficiency of value exchange and redefine the way how value is distributed.

Due to cogitative difference and the existence of conventional organisations, to achieve a consensus
of blockchain in a short time is difficult. This is a problem as well an opportunity. This makes it
possible to offer private blockchain services based on blockchain underlying protocol, which is
exactly the development opportunity for private blockchain in any field.
3.1 Decentralisation

An E-sports competition event is not like traditional sports event. An E-sports event has natural
advantages in the areas of data production and data collection. Both ordinary players and
professional players generate large amount of data, which allows for quantification and analysis in
the area of E-sports. Building the consensus mechanism of POC (Proof of Contribution) based on
game data and a reliable system would help eliminate centralised organisations and build a valuable
network that belongs to the E-sports community. Meanwhile, intelligent contracts provided by the
ERC protocol of Ethereum concurrently increases efficiency in value exchange and equality in
distribution of ecosystem value.
3.2 Immutability and uniqueness

After being verified and added into blockchain, information will be stored permanently and cannot
be changed (except some private blockchain systems that will require special modifications).
Modification on single node does not cause a valid change to data recorded on a block unless more
than 51% of all nodes are being controlled. Therefore, the stability and reliability of data in
blockchain is convincing. These characteristics not only potentially provides asset protection in

14/40

scenarios like E-sports transactions, but also is projected to represent the rights and interests of IP
owners by making their contents scarce, changing the payment distribution mechanism for IP
contents and increasing payments received by IP owners for provision of IP
3.3 Transparency and autonomy

Data records and all updates of information are transparent to all nodes, which is the foundation of
a trusted blockchain system. Because of the open source structure of blockchain, open rules and
high level of community participation, the data records in blockchain and its operating rule can be
examined, traced by all nodes. So, blockchain has an inherent high level of transparency. Agreeable
rules and contracts employed by blockchain provide a free and secure environment for exchanging,
recording and updating data, by transferring the burden of trust from being borne partially by a
person or institution within the ecosystem to being borne entirely by the blockchain system, in which
any artificial interruption is rendered invalid. Based on these characteristics, the threshold for errors
in system predictability is greatly lowered and point-to-point prediction based on the blockchain
trust system is achieved.
3.4 Consensus mechanism and distribution of virtual currency
E-Sports Chain Network follows Bitcoin’s Proof of Work Consensus Mechanism, building Proof
of Contribution according to personal game data, streamer data, pro player match data and so on,
with the consensus of nodes determining the distribution of the of E-sports Tokens (EST).

15/40

4. Applications
The native digital cryptographically-secured utility token of the E-Sports Chain Network (EST) is
a major component of the ecosystem on the E-Sports Chain Network, and is designed to be used
solely on the network. EST is the virtual currency of the ecosystem of E-Sports Chain Network and
will be used for all exchanges of services and applications within the whole ecosystem. Pro players,
users, streamers and so on will also receive corresponding digital currency incentives according to
their contributions to this ecosystem.
EST is a non-refundable functional utility token which will be used as the unit of exchange between
participants on the E-Sports Chain Network. The goal of introducing EST is to provide a convenient
and secure mode of payment and settlement between participants who interact within the ecosystem
on the E-Sports Chain Network. EST does not in any way represent any shareholding, participation,
right, title, or interest in the Foundation, its affiliates, or any other company, enterprise or
undertaking, nor will EST entitle token holders to any promise of fees, dividends, revenue, profits
or investment returns, and are not intended to constitute securities in Singapore or any relevant
jurisdiction. EST may only be utilised on the E-Sports Chain Network, and ownership of EST carries
no rights, express or implied, other than the right to use EST as a means to enable usage of and
interaction with the E-Sports Chain Network.
In particular, you understand and accept that EST:
(a)

is non-refundable and cannot be exchanged for cash (or its equivalent value in any other virtual
currency) or any payment obligation by the Foundation or any affiliate;

(b) does not represent or confer on the token holder any right of any form with respect to the
Foundation (or any of its affiliates) or its revenues or assets, including without limitation any
right to receive future dividends, revenue, shares, ownership right or stake, share or security,
any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, proprietary (including all forms of
intellectual property), or other financial or legal rights or equivalent rights, or intellectual
property rights or any other form of participation in or relating to the E-Sports Chain Network,
the Foundation, the Distributor and/or their service providers;
(c)

is not intended to represent any rights under a contract for differences or under any other
contract the purpose or pretended purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss;

(d) is not intended to be a representation of money (including electronic money), security,
commodity, bond, debt instrument or any other kind of financial instrument or investment;
(e)

is not a loan to the Foundation or any of its affiliates, is not intended to represent a debt owed
by the Foundation or any of its affiliates, and there is no expectation of profit; and

16/40

(f)

does not provide the token holder with any ownership or other interest in the Foundation or
any of its affiliates.

4.1 Consensus Mechanism
E-Sports Chain Network follows Bitcoin’s Proof of Work Consensus Mechanism, building an
arithmetic model for calculating contribution in game field with the data from personal game
experience, streamer data, pro player match data and so to support Proof of Contribution, with the
consensus of nodes determining the distribution of EST.
Computational resources are required for achieving block consensus on the E-Sports Chain
Network, thus providers of these services / resources would require payment for the consumption
of these resources (i.e. "mining" on the E-Sports Chain Network) to maintain network integrity, and
EST will be used as the unit of exchange to quantify and pay the costs of the consumed
computational resources. EST is an integral and indispensable part of the E-Sports Chain Network,
because without EST, there would be no incentive for users to expend resources to participate in
activities or provide services for the benefit of the entire ecosystem on the E-Sports Chain Network.
4.2 Distribution of virtual currency

Similar to the mining model in Bitcoin, which calculates once in 10 minutes, EST incentives are
received by content contributors in the ecosystem of E-Sports Chain according to the principle of
Proof of Contribution – A fixed amount will be set in the incentives pool to be distributed,
distributions are to halve the amount in the incentives pool every 100 days as the payments for
miners.
4.3 Examples of application situations

4.3.1 incentive distribution among professional players, streamers and ordinary players
For problems like unjustified incentive distribution and centralised institutions taking high levels of
profit with a relatively low efficiency, E-Sports Chain Network adopts a solution that advocates a
decentralised payment mechanism to enhance the efficiency of value exchange and payments to
direct participants in the ecosystem.
The contribution of each pro player will be evaluated and incentivised with EST, based on the
relevant event levels and event audience, the performance of the players and results. This process

17/40

would bypasses centralised institutions such as the event organiser, the club, agency, etc, and
redefine the distribution of payments among professional players.

A distribution algorithm will evaluate the score of each user according to their positive and negative
actions. Greater contributions would be represented by higher scores, resulting in greater EST
incentives awarded. Users of the E-Sports Chain Network and/or holders of EST which did not
actively participate will not receive any EST incentives. The detail of this algorithm is as follows:

1. Standardised original index
One collects p-dimension vector x = (x1, x2…, xp), in which the total number of factors is n,
xi = (xi1, xi2…, xio), i = 1, 2 …, n, n>p, to build a sample matrix, then standardised transform
，In which

this matrix to get

, standardised matrix Z is arrived at.

2. Transform index variables to principal components
, In which U1 is the first principal component, U2 is the second
principal component…, Up is the pth principal component.

3. Solve the characteristic equation of correlated sample matrix

Arriving at

eigenvalues with a total number of p, the principal component can be arrived at. Confirm the
value of m by

, which makes sure that the coefficient of utilisation is larger than

85%. To each λj, j = 1, 2…, m, solve equation set Rb = λjb to get unit eigenvector

.

4. Make synthetic evaluation to all n principal components

Weigh and sum all n principal components to get a weighed score

18/40

5. The influence of time on match should be considered and all above should be Z-score
standardised with Z = (x – μ)/σ, in which x stands for a specific score, μ is the average and σ
is the standard deviation. When x is smaller than μ, Z < 0, in which case it can be considered

that Z = 0, meaning the contribution to the system is 0.

This algorithm can be deducted for all pro players, streamers and users in the ecosystem of the Esports ecosystem. Different data dimensions are used to calculate their incentive model respectively
as follows:
•

Pro players: {event_level, match_attention, match result, player_performance}

•

Streamers: {game_type, viewer_size, stream_performance, stream_time}

•

Game players: {game_type, game_level, game_result, gamer_performance, game_time}

4.3.2 The collections and transactions of IP derivatives

For top resources in game industry like pro players and streamers, E-Sports Chain Network can
distribute the incentives more directly to players by making scarcity and using a decentralised sales
approach.

For example, based on the data of a player during a match, a great amount of valuable marketing
content has been produced, of which IP rights should belong to the player himself, but currently
there are no corresponding services or products to actualise and distribute this portion to the player.
With E-sports Token blockchain system, one can process these contents into consumable virtual
products, which can be liken to electronic star cards. These kinds of products may be traded in EST,
and the value generated by this trade will belongs to player who owns the rightful IP of the contents.

The traded electronic star cards (as represented by secondary digital tokens) will illustrate their
value under the supply and demand relationships in the market as a collector’s item because of its
immutability as a part of a blockchain and its natural scarcity. E-Sports Chain Network provides a

19/40

transaction system that helps these valuable star cards be traded point-to-point, allowing these IP
derivatives to potentially possess not only a high consumable value, but also a substantial collectible
and liquidity value.

Here is an example: Suppose Uzi achieved his 3,000 kills in a LPL match in 2018. The Intelligent
contract system then would automatically execute statistic achievement task, then produce and
register this statistic achievement, and wrap it as exclusive Uzi 3000 Kills Electronic
Commemorative Cards with a total number of 1,000 and trade it on IP derivative trading platform.
A fan of Uzi A paid Pa to get an exclusive card, and Uzi will receive the remaining EST paid (player
remuneration). After that, the card will be collected and owned by the fan, these cards can be further
traded on the platform provided by E-Sports Chain Network.

4.3.3 Assets and services transactions between users

As for problems like non-standardised transaction platform and unreliable credit rating system, ESports Chain Network has come up with a brand-new solution.

Based on the transaction platform on E-Sports Chain Network, the problems of users regarding their
game assets can be easily solved through the usage of EST. Through transactions with EST as the
only platform currency for settlement, users would be able to list their goods for trade, make matches
for trading, payment and delivery of goods, as well as sign and fulfil contracts. Through the usage

20/40

of EST, the E-Sports Chain Network potentially provides users a highly secured transaction
platform. Items that can be traded in the platform include but are not limited to game peripherals,
accessories and items in game, game accounts, IP derivatives, accompanied game experience
service, etc.

Field

Description

Nonce

Transaction number

To

Consignee’s address

Value

Amount

Data

Smart contracts need to perform functions and variables that need to be passed.

Signature

The transaction signature of the sender address.

4.3.4 Prediction in E-sports matches

Current prediction platforms in E-sports matches exist problems like non-standard prediction
platforms and lack of a reliable credit rating system. With the characteristics of transparency and
decentralisation, E-Sports Chain Network can avoid risks brought by centralised prediction services.

Predictions for matches based on E-Sports Chain Network do not need any systemic oversight from
centralised organisations. E-Sports Chain Network would support the making of predictions by
users point-to-point, which efficiently avoids being taken a cut by prediction institutions and
maximise the payments due to users. In comparison, a decentralised prediction market of E-sports
event lower the threshold for initiating and participating in predictions; and with support of the ESports Chain Network as the basic foundation, this prediction market can reliably run itself and
avoid collapse at a single point. In prediction market based on E-Sports Chain Network, players can
start any type of prediction guessing title to satisfy their individual need for prediction gaming,
which enhances their sense of participation and experience in E-sports.

Those who will the prediction game obtain C_win and those who lose get C_loss:
C_win＝C_loss＊(1-Cs)

21/40

Personalised prediction gaming diagram

4.3.5 Transactions and incentives for new types of advertisement

For unjust profit distribution among content producers and consumer, E-Sports Chain Network has
a brand-new solution in advertisement system with its characteristics of decentralisation and
autonomy.

E-Sports Chain Network will redefine the profit distribution method among advertisers, high quality
content producers and game content consumers. In webcasting area, a part of the advertisement fee
spent by advertisers is first drawn out by intermediates like streaming platform and agency, the rest
of which is finally paid to the streamer; there is a similar situation in the areas of video and article
content. Currently the attention consumers place on E-sports content is not remunerated. The new
type of E-sports advertisement scenario demands advertisers advertise themselves with prices
denominated in EST at a price of Pa, and content consumers will gain EST (consumer_gain)
depending on the amount of attention they put into the content and the platform.
Pa = producer_gain + consumer_gain

4.3.6

Intelligent framework for E-sports event

22/40

There is high demand for ground events in the gaming ecosystem by the core users in the gaming
arena who have contributed much attention to E-sports arena. However, only professional players
at top events get relatively handsome remuneration, and ordinary E-sports lovers are unable to
obtain any remuneration from their ecosystem supporting behaviour. This problem can be solved
well with the new intelligent framework for E-sports event based on blockchain techniques. ESports Chain Network introduces an intelligent event system with distributed jackpot. This system
allows players and brands to organise E-sports events themselves based on an intelligent contract
system. The usage of EST would support the ecosystem surrounding this intelligent event system.

Technically speaking, intelligent event system in E-Sports Chain Network is an automatic software
platform that tracks and manages every match in an event. The mail purpose of this platform is to
make sure the winners in group stage and incentive distribution among them. Non-impartial
judgement is impossible since artificial factors are totally eliminated.

This is how this system operates: After players having entered the event, intelligent contract receives
the prediction linked funds in EST form and stores it until the winner is determined and the event is
over. Then the release of official results will convey ID of winners, their account IDs and the amount
of payments due to each party through intelligent contract using API. Accordingly, the rightful
winners will get their payments.

23/40

5. Details in technique and project planning
As a newly rising information technology, blockchain can serve as a source of trust for both parties
in a transaction who do not have prior dealings to act as the basis for trust towards each other in
order to complete an exchange of value, thus blockchain has been praised as a machine that creates
trust. Blockchain is a decentralised and trust-free distributed ledger technology which consists of
distributed data storage, point-to-point transmission, consensus mechanism, encryption algorithm
and many other technologies, so it is being considered for many business applications primarily to
build trust, increase transparency, reliability and security. Blockchain technology is a revolution in
changing the way mutual trust can be achieved and it goes beyond merely the virtual currency and
payment and settlement field to be able to impact supply chain finance, digital asset transactions,
the sharing economy, food security, charity and many other fields, and it will bring new
opportunities to cloud computing, mobile internet, internet of things and other new generation
information technology. Also, it is believed that it will profoundly impact E-sports business.
5.1 General framework

At this point, relatively direct applications of blockchain in E-sports area include ground virtual
currency, valuable media among users and players, registration of digital asset, evaluation of good
content, decentralised streaming platform and so. The general framework is shown below:

24/40

5.2 Ethereal Module

With blockchain, all transaction information and user behaviour information in the whole E-sports
ecosystem can be recorded in a decentralised ledger. Intelligent contract set an openly fundamental
economic rule for electronic ecosystem to solve transaction and problems of incentives for each
stage, making the whole ecosystem open and transparent.

Distributed data storage will store a massive amount media data. These data include professional
players, users, clubs, game-related documents, content published by PGU, basic data needed by
stream, game and third-party applications, and data of users and data contribution of players, Esports derivatives and so on.
5.3 Work Proxy

25/40

Work Proxy mainly include Work Core, Work HQLib, Work API, and its design concept comes
from Spark framework. Core is responsible for submitting topics and HQLib uses GraphQL to
satisfy a request of a client for a data set based on back-end defined by graph pattern.

Work Proxy uses EST as fuel and uses blockchain combined with applicable and business scenarios
in E-sports to provide users and developers a convenient and fast payment and settlement method
and application development interface protocol based on intelligent contract and EST system. Users
and developers can develop and publish their own applications on the E-Sports Chain Network or
access their own data to acquire users and develop commercial value using data points, derivatives
and network in E-sports. They can also benefit by making contribution to this community. The
development platform on the E-Sports Chain Network will provide API of kernel application to help
developers use EST to develop applications conveniently.

5.4 Applications

Applications can be applicable in many ways on the basis of Work Proxy. It can be understood as
the application of basic service, which includes the development of event system, transaction system
(collections on IP, patterns, skill knowledge, virtual items and other E-sports derivatives), prediction
system, advertisement system and so. Based on this ecosystem, anyone or any third-party software
developers can contribute to the whole ecosystem on E-Sports Chain Network on the basis of Work
Proxy.
5.5 Users

Participants in the ecosystem on E-Sports Chain Network are the users in blockchain system
application. Main characters in ecosystem on E-Sports Chain Network are users, pro players,
streamers, advertisers and event organisers. Different characters contribute to the same ecosystem.
For example, when users submit high quality personal data, they will receive EST. Each object has
his corresponded algorithm to ensure the operation of ecosystem.
5.6 Challenges

The biggest challenge to implement blockchain+ is the extreme lack of potential employees. Many
financial institutions and enterprises stay at the concept stage of blockchain, whose developers do

26/40

not understand blockchain; those who are interested in blockchain or who want to do business in
blockchain industry do not systematically understand the theory and development of blockchain and
the knowledge and techniques a blockchain developer should have.

5.7 History

27/40

6. Business cooperation and implement

• E-Sports Chain Network will deeply cooperate with E-sports APP in stages like personal data,
event data, and content producer and so to support research and development of POC.
• Transaction scenarios in E-Sports Chain Network will be applicable in current E-sports products
in market. Scenarios like virtual items transaction, gambling, sales of the IP derivative of the
player will be implemented in a short time.
• The Foundation will rapidly promote E-Sports Chain Network by answering data queries and
engaging the media, which will help users achieve consensus on.

7. Consultants

VenturesLab
Co-founded by the founders of DFJ Tim Draper and the president of China
Young Angel Investor Leader Association Mai, Gang.

Wang, Lijie Co-founder of PreAngel Fund
Invested over 300 companies in technology. He has a diversified layout in
blockchain field. He invested projects like Xiaoyi, Yuanjie, Gifto, and ObEn.

Wu Sheng (2009) Famous DOTA player
World champion of DOTA. Founder of FTD ESports club and 09 ESports
platform

Xiao Cang Famous game commentator
World champion of Steelseries Iron Lady invitational tournament. Olympic
torchbearer of Beijing Olympic Game 2008. She has made over 800 game
videos and has a click-rate of 2 billion.

Jeon Yong-jun Famous E-sports Caster and Commentator
Famous Korean e-sports caster called "Hype Man LOL". He has been
engaged in the e-sports industry for over 20 years and has hosted the 2014
League of Legends World Championship.

Lee Hyun-woo (aka CloudTemplar) Famous E-sports
Commentator and Streamer
Former League of Legends professional player, won the 2012 League of
Legends World Championship runner-up prize. Currently he is a wellknown e-sports commentator and popular streamer. His Youtube
channel has over 120,000 subscriptions.

29/40

8. Founding team
CEO Pechi
Veteran of Chinese eSports industry with years of
experience, advocator of eSports
professionalization, former producer at Tencent
Video

COO Up
Experienced eSports professional, formerly
worked for Comsenz and Tencent

CTO Playcode
Experienced Internet engineer, formerly worked
for Comsenz and Tencent

30/40

9. Strategic partners

31/40

10. Token distribution plan
The Distributor of EST shall be an affiliate of the Foundation. The planned distribution of EST is
as follows:

Total：1000000000 EST（ ESports Token ）
Esports Chain Team

20% EST

Foundation

15% EST

Shareholders and consultants

15% EST

Private Placement

30% EST

Ecosystem Building

20% EST

Initially non-transferrable, and
transferred over a period of
18 months

Locked up

The contributions in the token sale will be held by the Distributor (or its affiliate) after the token
sale, and contributors will have no economic or legal right over or beneficial interest in these
contributions or the assets of that entity after the token sale.

To the extent a secondary market or exchange for trading EST does develop, it would be run and
operated wholly independently of the Foundation, the Distributor, the sale of EST and the E-Sports
Chain Network. Neither the Foundation nor the Distributor will create such secondary markets nor
will either entity act as an exchange for EST.

32/40

Ecological
Construction
20%

Private
Placement
30%

Esports Chain
Team
20%

Foundation
15%
Shareholders
and
consultants
15%

33/40

11. Risks
Risk Disclosure

You acknowledge and agree that there are numerous risks associated with purchasing EST, holding
EST, and using EST for participation in the E-Sports Chain Network. In the worst scenario, this
could lead to the loss of all or part of the EST which had been purchased. Every EST purchaser
should read, understand and consider with caution the risks listed below before deciding whether to
purchase EST.

Every EST purchaser should be especially aware of this fact: though the Foundation was founded
in the Republic of Singapore, the E-Sports Chain Network and EST themselves exist only in internet
cyberspace without any tangible form, which results that E-Sports Chain Network and EST belong
or related to any specified country or region.

Participating this public sale plan should be a deliberate and mature decision and purchasers are
regarded as have known and agreed the risks listed below.
① Termination of this public sales plan
This EST public sales plan could be terminated ahead of time. At this situation, purchasers can
only be refunded for a certain part because of the price fluctuation of Bitcoin or ETH and
expenses of the Foundation.
② Insufficient information provided
Until the publication of this white book, E-Sports Chain Network is still under development,
the philosophical concept, consensus mechanism, algorithm, code and other technical details
and parameters of which may be updated and changed often. Although this white book
contains all key information of E-Sports Chain Network, it is not totally complete, and will be
revised and updated by the Foundation for certain purpose. The Foundation is not able and not
responsible for informing every participant about every detail in the development (including
the expected milestone, delayed or not). Therefore, it is inevitable and reasonable not to
necessarily keep purchasers up to data of the information in development.

34/40

③ Uncertain Regulations and Enforcement Actions
The regulatory status of EST and distributed ledger technology is unclear or unsettled in many
jurisdictions. The regulation of virtual currencies has become a primary target of regulation in
all major countries in the world. It is impossible to predict how, when or whether regulatory
agencies may apply existing regulations or create new regulations with respect to such
technology and its applications, including EST and/or the E-Sports Chain Network.
Regulatory actions could negatively impact EST and/or the E-Sports Chain Network in
various ways. The Foundation (or its affiliates) may cease operations in a jurisdiction in the
event that regulatory actions, or changes to law or regulation, make it illegal to operate in such
jurisdiction, or commercially undesirable to obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) to
operate in such jurisdiction. After consulting with a wide range of legal advisors and
continuous analysis of the development and legal structure of virtual currencies, the
Foundation will apply a cautious approach towards the sale of EST. Therefore, for the token
sale, the Foundation may constantly adjust the sale strategy in order to avoid relevant legal
risks as much as possible. For the token sale the Foundation is working with Tzedek Law
LLC, a boutique corporate law firm in Singapore with a good reputation in the blockchain
space.
④ Cryptology
Cryptology is evolving progressively and cannot be guaranteed with define security. The
evolution of cryptology (like cracking) or technology (like the invention of quantum
computer) might bring systems based on cryptology (including E-Sports Chain Network)
risks. This may result the stealing, disappearing, vanishing, destroying or depreciation. The
Foundation will act preventive measure or make-up policy in a reasonable range, like updating
the basic protocols of E-Sports Chain Network to deal with any progress of cryptology, and
bringing into new and reasonable security measure. Though the future of cryptology cannot be
predicted, the Foundation will try to cater to it.
⑤ Failure or abandon of development
E-Sports Chain Network is still under development. Because of its complexity, the Foundation
may face unpredicted and insuperable difficult. Therefore, the development of E-Sports Chain
Network may be failed or abandoned at any time for any reason. The failure or abandon will
result no EST can be given to any purchasers in this public sales plan.

35/40

⑥ The stealing of crowdfunding
There may be someone who tries to steal the funds that the Foundation has raised (including
the part that has been transferred to legal tender). This kind of stealing or will to steal may
affect the development of E-Sports Chain Network. Although the most advanced security
technology has been adapted, some cyberthefts are still hard to prevent.
⑦ Flaws in source codes
No one can guarantee the source codes of E-Sports Chain Network are flawless. Some flaws,
errors, defects and bugs may cause problems like certain functions unable to operate, user
information leaking or some other problems. If certain problem occurs, the usability, stability
and/or security will be damaged, which has negative influence on EST. Open source codes
will remain transparent to encourage verification and problem-solving from community. The
Foundation will cooperate closely with E-Sports Chain Network community to steadily
improve, optimise and perfect source codes of E-Sports Chain Network.
⑧ Admittance permission free, distributed and autonomy ledger
In current blockchain projects, there are three main distributed ledger. They are admittance
permission free ledger, hyperledger and private ledger. The distributed ledger used by the
ground of E-Sports Chain Network is admittance permission free, which means it can be
visited and used by anyone without admittance permission. Although E-Sports Chain Network
was initially developed by the Foundation, it is not owned, operated or controlled by the
Foundation. The spontaneously formed E-Sports Chain Network community is completely
open, centralisation-free and joinable without permission. It consists of users, fans,
developers, EST owners and other participants globally. They have no relationship with the
Foundation.
⑨ Update of source codes
The source codes of E-Sports Chain Network is open and can be updated, revised or changed
by any member of the community at any time. No one can expect or guarantee the exact result
of a certain update, modification or change. Therefore, any update, modification or change
could lead to unexpectable or unexpected result, which may damage the operation of E-Sports
Chain Network or the functions of EST.
⑩ Security weakness
E-Sports Chain Network is based on open source software and its distributed ledger has no

36/40

admittance permission. Although the Foundation makes great effort to guarantee the system
security of E-Sports Chain Network, anyone could consciously or unconsciously bring
weakness or flaws in the kernel infrastructure elements, which the Foundation cannot prevent
or make up by the adapted protective measures. This may eventually result the loss of EST or
other digital tokens.
⑪ Distributed denial of service
The ledger that Ethereum designated was open and admittance permission free ledger.
Therefore, Ethereum may suffer distributed denial of service attack. This attack will make ESports Chain Network system suffer from negative influence, stagnation or paralysis, and
result transaction being delayed writing or recording into the block or Ethereum, or even
unable being executed.
⑫ Insufficient processing capacity
The rapid development of E-Sports Chain Network will accompany with the sharply rising
demand in transaction volume and processing capacity. If the demands surpass the capacity
offered, the E-Sports Chain Network network may stagnate or paralyse, and may cause fraud
transaction like double payment. At the worst case, EST held by anyone could disappeared
and rollback in Ethereum blocks or even hard fork could be triggered. The aftermath of these
events will damage the usability, stability, and security of E-Sports Chain Network and the
functions of EST.
⑬ Unauthorised claim for EST sales
Anyone who uses encryption or cracking to get purchasers registered email address or
registered account access right can acquire the EST for sale bought by the EST purchasers.
Thus, the EST on sale could be wrongly sent to anyone who registered their email address or
registered an account to claim the EST, which is irrevocable and irreversible. Anyone who
purchases or want to purchase EST should take measure like: (i) use highly secured password;
(ii) do not open or reply any fraud email; (iii) keep the classified or personal information in
secret.

⑭ Private wallet key
The loss or damage of private key is irreversible. Only through the one and only public and
private key local or online can EST be operated. Every purchaser should take good care of his

37/40

EST private wallet key. If the private key is lost, leaked, damaged, or stolen, the Foundation
or any other people cannot help the purchaser chase his EST back.
⑮ Inflation
Depending on the detailed ground protocols when E-Sports Chain Network platform releases,
the total volume of EST may increase as time passes, and may increase further because of
adapting new source code patch or updating. Therefore the inflation caused by such action
may result the market price going down, which means economic loss of EST holders. There is
no guarantee that EST purchasers or holders will be compensated at any form.
⑯ Popularity
The functions of EST depends majorly on the popularity of E-Sports Chain Network platform.
E-Sports Chain Network is not expected to be popular shortly after release. In the worst case,
E-Sports Chain Network might be marginalised for a long time that attracts only a few users.
For the contrary, a big part of demanding need might be speculative. Lack in users might
result big fluctuation in market price which affects long-term development of E-Sports Chain
Network. When such fluctuation occurs, the Foundation will not (and is not responsible) to
stable or influence the market price of EST.
⑰ Liquidity
EST is not currency released by any individual, entity, central bank or country, supranational
or quasi-state organisation, and not supported by any hard asset of other credit institution. The
liquidity and transaction is not the responsibility or aspiration of the Foundation. The
transaction of EST is merely based on consensus achieved by related market participants. No
individual is responsible to exchange or purchase any EST and no individual can guarantee
the liquidity or market price of EST at any time on any degree. If an EST holder wants to
transfer his EST, he should find one or more purchasers who are willing to make this
transaction happen with agreed contract. This process might cost much, take much time and is
not guaranteed to be successful. Aside of that, there might not be an encrypted transaction
place or other online market that offers trading platform.
⑱ Price fluctuation
When traded publicly, cryptographic token often has great fluctuations on price, which may be
caused by market force (including speculation), changes in regulation, technological
innovation, and acquirability of transaction platform and other objective reasons. Such

38/40

fluctuation is a reflection of supply and demand relationship. Whether there exists secondary
transaction platform for EST, the Foundation is not responsible. Therefore, the Foundation is
not responsible to the price fluctuation and cares not. The risk related the price fluctuation
should be taken by trading parties themselves.
⑲ Competition
The ground protocols of E-Sports Chain Network are based on open source computer
software. No individual can advocate his pattern or any other intellectual property of the
source codes. Therefore, everyone can copy, revise, design, redesign, modify, update, recode,
reprogram or any other way to use the source codes or ground protocols legally to develop or
try to develop more competitive protocol, software, system, virtual platform or virtual
machine that compete with E-Sports Chain Network, which even surpass or replace E-Sports
Chain Network. The Foundation cannot control such thing. Aside of that, there already exists
and will be more competitive platforms based on blockchain to compete E-Sports Chain
Network. The Foundation cannot eliminate, prevent, limit or reduce this kind of competition
or replacement.
⑳ Failure to develop
There is the risk that the development of the E-Sports Chain Network will not be executed or
implemented as planned, for a variety of reasons, including without limitation the event of a
decline in the prices of any digital asset, virtual currency or EST, unforeseen technical
difficulties, and shortage of development funds for activities.

21 Other risks
In addition to the aforementioned risks, the potential risks briefly mentioned above are not
exhaustive and there are other risks (as more particularly set out in the Terms and Conditions)
associated with your purchase, holding and use of EST, including those that the Foundation
cannot anticipate. Such risks may further materialise as unanticipated variations or
combinations of the aforementioned risks. You should conduct full due diligence on the
Foundation, its affiliates and the E-Sports Chain team, as well as understand the overall
framework, mission and vision for the E-Sports Chain Network prior to purchasing EST.

39/40

References

https://www.bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf
http://www.valvesoftware.com/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Video_game_publisher
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microtransaction

40/40

