Eternal Token

XET
White Paper Ver.1.2
Atom Solutions, Co., Ltd.

Jul. 4th, 2018

©2018 ATOM SOLUTIONS, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

XET Whitepaper Ver.1.2

XET (Eternal Token)
Eternal coin (XEC), the virtual currency issued by Atom Solutions, Japan.
Please visit to the homepage for more details.
http://www.atom-solutions.jp/
Eternal Coin White Paper
https://www.atom-solutions.jp/whitepaper/whitepaperver.2.0en.pdf
XEC is featured where only tradable at authorized exchanges.
Tradable only at authorized exchanges has the following advantages.
• Various fi at currencies of different countries is included in one wallet due to its
worldwide common wallet feature. (Multi Currency Wallet)
• Traceable even if the system being hacked.
• XEC value can be divided into a smaller fraction.
• Weekly Dividend Distribution of the 50% total transaction fees.
• Payable via fi at currency
• Transfer via phone number
However, there is disadvantage for user who desire to purchase XEC in the countries
without authorized exchange available.
Therefore, we have invented XET to be a mechanism for acquiring XEC indirectly in
countries without XEC exchanges.

2
©2018 ATOM SOLUTIONS, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

XET Whitepaper Ver.1.2

Features of XET
■ Bidirectional

Trade of XET and XEC
There are 200 million issued units of XET which is the same amount of volume
of the XEC. To trade with XEC, the XEC holder must fi rst create an Eternal Wallet
through authorized XEC exchanges.
Likewise, XEC holder can exchange their XEC into XET at 1: 1 ratio and vice versa.

■ Problems

of Virtual Currency
The problem of general virtual currency is considered to be the following points.
• Wrongly transmitted transactions cannot be reverted or cancelled.
• Once a virtual currency exists on the public block chain, its cannot be changed
its specifi cation once it started.
• There is no party to responsible for compensation if user’s wallet has
encountered cyber hacking.
• There are risks in bankruptcy and hacking issues of exchanges.
• Tracking back is diffi cult when encountered cyber hacking.

■ Advantage

of Issuing XET and XEC
XEC is a virtual currency which provides various conveniences and dividends
through Eternal Wallet. However, there is barricade in acquiring XEC for user who
is living in countries without XEC authorized exchanges available. Therefore, one
of the features of XET is convenient for the users in those countries in purchasing
XEC indirectly. Also, another merit of XET is, it can be exchanged to other virtual
currencies by being traded at various virtual currencies exchanges all over the
world.
As for countries without XEC exchanges available, it is not possible to get XEC even
if you open a wallet, Furthermore, overseas remittance and merchant payment
cannot be performed will cause no advantage in holding XEC.
(Note: Fiat currency of the country without XEC authorized exchanged available is
not tradable.)
As one of the features of XEC where users can receive dividends via Eternal
Wallet, the disadvantage is XEC cannot be exchanged with other virtual
currencies. However, we found a solution. By exchanging XEC and XET and vice
versa the demerit has been solved.
In addition, since we have corresponding solutions for hacking and wrong
3
©2018 ATOM SOLUTIONS, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

XET Whitepaper Ver.1.2

transmission
issues, for XEC users who do not have necessity in exchange their XEC to XET,
keeping the mentioned XEC can benefi ts them in earning extra dividends.
The method of issuing virtual currencies compatible with XEC and XET is a
form of a new virtual currency that solves the disadvantage of general virtual
currencies and the disadvantage of the eternal coin and its features.

■ About

XEC and XET Trading
The exchange between XEC and XET will be implemented via Token Hub, Philippines.
Token Hub will issue and hold 200 million units of XET which is similar with Eternal Coin
and operates the exchange.
Initially, there will be no XET holder until there is a user who wants to convert XET with
XEC and that is the time where XET started to circulate to the crypto currency market
exchange.
Example:
If there are users who exchange 100 XEC for 100 XET, the XET traded on the
market will be 100 XET and the XEC stored in Token Hub Exchange will be 100
XEC until the amount will be exchanged next time. Therefore, there will be no
issue such as the exchange is running out of XEC or XET.
In addition, the number of XEC and XET that circulated out to the market will
never exceed 200 million units based on the mechanism above.

■ The

History of Monetary System and the Future of XEC
The history of money starts with barter, then replaced by shells and stones, metal made
money, convertible banknotes (banknotes that exchangeable for gold), and fi at paper
money issued and the credit is supported by central bank until the present.
If the development of virtual currency is same with history of monetary, it is predictably
that XEC will need to be supported by credit in coming future.
As similar as the value of the paper money supported by central bank and government,
XET value can be said that is supported by XEC.
We strive to achieve our goals in making Eternal Wallet the most useful wallet in the
world via different activities in order to increase the value of XEC.

4
©2018 ATOM SOLUTIONS, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

XET Whitepaper Ver.1.2

■ Notes

• XET cannot be stored in Eternal Wallet, it requires an external wallet such as“ My
Ether Wallet”t o store the coin.
• DoT (Dividends Distribution Function), as one of the features of XEC is a function of
Eternal Wallet. Holding of XET is not applicable to the dividends distribution.
• XEC value division function will be implemented when its value increased to a certain
amount. During the time, XET is not applicable to the function.
• Also, when the value division function is implemented, the exchange ratio between
XEC and XET will be different, but rest assured there will be no affect to XEC & XET
holders.
• XEC user is guaranteed and protected from cyber hacking, system bug and larceny
incidents by its authorized exchanges structure and Eternal Wallet mechanism.
However, XET which can be traded over the world is not subject to the mentioned
guarantee and protection.
• Since XET is tradable at global exchanges, there are possibilities where it will be
affected by certain issues such as bankruptcy of the exchanges and cyber hacking.
Therefore, it is recommended to store the XET in the cold wallet.
Compensation of XET is not applicable at Atom Solutions, XEC authorized exchanges
in various countries and Token Hub.

XET Overview
Name of the Coin: ETERNAL TOKEN
Ticker (Symbol): XET
Proof Type: Proof of Work
Algorithm: Ethash
Total Supply: 200,000,000 pieces
Average Blocktime: 15 to 17 seconds
Exchange URL:

IDAX | https://www.idax.mn/
H&B | https://www.hnb-ex.com/

GITHUB: https://github.com/atom-solutions
Bitcoin Forum: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=4458425.0
XEC Issuer: http://www.atom-solutions.jp/
XET Issuer: https://tokenhub.asia/
5
©2018 ATOM SOLUTIONS, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

XET Whitepaper Ver.1.2

Eternal Coin Authorized Exchanges
Japan Exchange: https://eternallive.jp/top/
Korea Exchange: http://www.eternalkorea.com/?ckattempt=1
Hong Kong Exchange: https://eternalhongkong.com/
Philippines Exchange: https://tokenhub.asia/

6
©2018 ATOM SOLUTIONS, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

