ETHER JOY Entertainment
The Brand New Engine for Blockchain Promotion

(Please check version on the official website)
https://www.ejoy.world
White Paper
V 1.02 / 6.14.2018

Table of Contents

1. Abstract......................................................................................................................4
2. Background.............................................................................................................. 4
2. 1.

Insufficient new users................................................................................ 4

2. 2.

Difficulty of attracting active and massive users............................... 4

2.3.

Difficult of retaining active users, daily volume..................................5

3. Project Innovation (Solution)............................................................................... 5
3. 1.

Billions of game users enter digital currency market..........................5

3. 2.

Revitalize inactive candy users............................................................... 6

3. 3.

Convert massive active users..................................................................6

3. 4.

Increase trading volume, daily active user and retention rate........7

4. Mission and Vision..................................................................................................8
5. Overview of Product..............................................................................................8
5. 1.

ETHER JOY Token.......................................................................................8

5. 2.

ETHER JOY Game Client........................................................................... 9

5. 3.

ETHER JOY DApp.....................................................................................12

5.4.

Blockchain Game Transformation system......................................... 13

6. Introduction of TOKEN........................................................................................ 13
6. 1.

EJOY token acquisition and platform reward....................................13

6. 2.

EJOY consumption and exchange scenario......................................14

7. Introduction of technology................................................................................. 14
7. 1.

ETHER JOY DApp..................................................................................... 14

7. 2.

ETHER JOY Artificial Intelligence......................................................... 15

7. 3.

Blockchain Game Transformation System....................................... 16

8. Progress Update of Major Projects.................................................................. 17
8. 1.

ETHER JOY Agenda................................................................................. 17

8. 2.

ETHER JOY Development Plan............................................................. 17

9. EJOY Token Crowdfunding Plan...................................................................... 18
9. 1.

EJOY token crowdfunding and reward............................................... 18

9. 2.

EJOY token allocation..............................................................................19

9. 3.

Capital budget............................................................................................ 19

10. ETHER JOY Value Foundation and Its Composition................................. 20
11. Core Management Team of ETHER JOY Value Foundation.....................22
11.1

Core Management Team..........................................................................22

11.2 Consultant Team.............................................................................................. 24
12. Cornerstone Investment and Cooperative Companies............................. 25
13. Risk Factors.......................................................................................................... 25

1.

Abstract

ETHER JOY is a brand new engine for Blockchain marketing and promotion.
ETHER JOY takes entertainment games as its starting point, aims to attract
billions of players into the Blockchain economy.

ETHER JOY integrates

artificial intelligence technology that can accurately convert massive game
users to Blockchain participants. It can also help the digital currency exchange
gain more active users.
According to the statistics from Newzoo's Global Game Market Report, in 2017
there were 2.2 billion gamers globally, counted for about one-third of the global
population. Among them, 47%, that is, about 1 billion players participated in
online games, and spent about $116 billion dollars on online gaming. Such a
large number of gamers constitute a valuable user pool for the Blockchain
economy.
ETHER JOY works with game manufactures to reconstruct classic video
games with Blockchain tokens and Blockchain reward systems. Game gamers
can be attracted play, and then converted to participate in the Blockchain
economy.

2.
2. 1.

Background
Insufficient new users

1) Since January 2018, the digital currency market has gradually entered a
bear market, and a large number of users of high net assets are in a
wait-and-see state.
2) The growth rate of new users is greatly reduced, of old users is slowing
down. The vitality of digital currency market is reduced.
2. 2.

Difficulty of getting active and massive users

1) The existing Blockchain promotion channels cannot effectively obtain a
large number of active users.
2) Blockchain media promotion has low traffic, few users, and high costs.
3) The Blockchain projects lack effective promotion programs and channels.
The traditional methods such as advertorial and airdrop cannot bring hotspot
effects and cost-effective results.
2.3.

Decrease of daily active traffic, user retention rate and

trading volume
The digital currency trading market gradually enters a bear market, which
causes a large number of users to become inactive. How to activate these
inactive users for digital currency exchanges, increase active traffic, user
retention rates, and trading volume has become top priority for many in the
Blockchain business.

3.

Innovation (Solution)

In response to the above Blockchain industry difficulties, ETHER JOY proposes
the following innovative solutions:
3. 1.

Billions of game users enter digital currency market

The global traditional game industry has 2.2 billion user stocks and 1 billion
paid users. These users are in the similar demographic group as the digital
currency participates in terms of age structure, consumption habits, and
acceptance of new trends. We believe that these billions of game players can
also be potential digital currency participants.
1) Millions of prizes attract new users
ETHER JOY often holds the organizer's title game competition and can attract
a large number of new users to enter the market through million-dollar grand

prize and awards for everyone, which can add new blood to the digital currency
market.
2) Billions of game players enter digital currency markets
1 ETHER JOY makes use of strong game project to carry out the block chain
transformation of traditional large-scale games and attracts billions of
traditional game players into ETHER JOY to convert new blood into the digital
currency world.
2 In 2017, global game consumption reached $116 billion, so the introduction
of billions of game players into ETHER JOY has opened up a potential market
of billions of dollars for the digital currency market.
3. 2.

Revitalize inactive candy users

Blockchain projects use the traditional “free gift giveaway” as its promotion
method. In order to obtain active fans in the beginning, project teams usually
give out candy (tokens) in the way of airdrops. The value of airdropped candy
received by participants is small; these participants often lack the will to
engage in the future marketing activities. ETHER JOY plans to change this by
activating candy users doing the following:
1) In online games, players can win big rewards.
2) Blockchain technology can be integrated in large online games. Players
can use tokens to trade equipment, upgrade their profile and purchase
value-added services. Gamers become new participants in the Blockchain
business, through AI and Data technology and participants will be further
analyzed for marketing purposes for future Blockchain projects and even
digital currency exchanges.
3. 3.

Convert massive active fans to be participants.

ETHER JOY takes the online video games, for example car rally game, as an
starting point to form a systematic promotion program to convert massive
active game players to become Blockchain participants. Details are as follows:
1 ） Combination of online and offline activities: Online by tailor-made Rally
Million Prize competitions for the Blockchain project; Offline by large-screen
scanning code at the Blockchain project event site, to increase awareness for
the project and effectively obtain massive active users .
2 ） Combination of user activities and social-media: The creation of news
hotspots through the Million Awards event makes it easy for social media to
form viral spreads. At the same time, news spreads increase the liveliness of
online activities and accurately attract massive active users for future
blockchain project.
3） Precise promotion of Blockchain projects: EJOY users are also gamers, so
it is possible to accurately analyze massive gamer pool for Blockchain game
projects for future promotion and marketing purposes.
3. 4.

Increase trading volume, daily active user and retention rate

1) Increase the total trading volume, daily active users and retention rate of
exchanges
The Blockchain marketing activity can attract a large pool of user to the digital
currency exchange. In one activity, ETHER JOY can convert thousands of
active gamers to be Blockchain users.

Therefore, Blockchain projects

promotions can bring active users to the exchanges which they list on. At the
same time, it will also increase daily active users and retention rate, and also
increase the trading volume of the exchanges.
2) Improve trading volume ranking and brand image of exchanges

The most important consideration in evaluating the rankings and brand image
of the current exchange is the trading volume. ETHER JOY provides active
users for the project party, virtually increasing the total trading volume of
exchanges, and increasing the ranking and brand image of the exchanges.

4.

Mission and Vision

ETHER JOY is committed to becoming the world’s first entertainment-based
Blockchain promotion engine. The goal is to help Blockchain projects gain
rapid access to massive potential gamer pool, increase users awareness and
retention, and enhance the brand image of the project .
At the same time, ETHER JOY will implement the latest Blockchain
technologies to help the traditional game companies with these technologies.
And also ETHER JOY will introduce billions of game users to the world of
Blockchain through online games.

5.
5. 1.

Overview of Product
ETHER JOY Token

The ETHER JOY token (referred to as EJOY) is the ETHER JOY infrastructure.
It can only be used within the ETHER JOY system and is the exchange unit for
valuable products or services.
EJOY tokens are non-refundable utility tokens used as exchange units
between participants. EJOY is a non-refundable utility functional token that will
be used as an exchange unit between participants of ETHER JOY
Entertainment and Games Platform. EJOY does not in any way represent any
equity, participation, rights, title or interest of the Foundation or its affiliates or
any other company or business. EJOY also does not authorize any holder to
bear any costs or enjoy any income, profit or investment return. EJOY does not
constitute any security in any relevant jurisdiction in any sovereign country or
region. EJOY can only be used on Ether Joy Entertainment and Games

Platform. The owner of EJOY does not have any expressed or implied rights
except to purchase valuable products or services.
Announcements of the purchase of EJOY token:
1)

EJOY token is non-refundable and cannot be exchanged for cash (or

any other equivalent virtual currency) or any payment obligation of the
Foundation or any branch;
2)

EJOY token does not represent or grant any right to the relevant

foundation (or any of its affiliates) any form of income or assets, including but
not limited to any rights to future earnings, stocks, equities or shares, portions
or guarantees, any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, ownership
(including all forms of intellectual property) or other financial or legal rights or
equivalent rights, or intellectual property rights or any other form of
participation or involvement in Ether Joy Entertainment and Games Platform,
the foundation and service providers;
3)

EJOY token does not represent any currency (including electronic

money), securities, commodities, bonds, debt instruments or any other kind of
financial instrument or investment;
4)

EJOY token does not represent a loan to the Foundation or any of its

affiliates or the debt owed by the Foundation or any of its affiliates; nor does it
expect any profit; and
5)

EJOY token does not provide any title or other interest to the

Foundation or any of its affiliates.
If EJOY’s exchange value does increase in the secondary market or exchange,
it will be completely independent of the Foundation's operations, the sales of
EJOY and Ether Joy Entertainment and Games Platform. The Foundation will
not create such a secondary market, nor will it become an EJOY exchange.
5. 2.ETHER JOY Game Client

The ETHER JOY client (end user) mainly focuses on the mobile phone and the
PC. According to the type of games, the following classifications are made:
1) Recreational Games (Classic Games)
ETHER JOY collects together hundreds of popular classic games in the market,
allowing the organizers to organize various grand prix competitions according
to different themes. Users can login to ETHER JOY via smartphones and
computers to participate in game activities. The categories of recreational
sports games are as follows:

1 Competitive games

2 Holiday theme games

3 Sharing games

4 Universal games

2) Blockchain games

1ETHER JOY encourages Blockchain technology developers to develop a
variety of interactive games, such as simulation, VR sandbox, role-playing,
action, adventure, strategy, fighting, shooting and other games and then
Release them in the ETHER JOY system for user entertainment.
2 ETHER JOY establishes the strategic cooperation with traditional game
developers and uses the ETHER JOY project to help implement the
tokenization of games, and change the way of release of traditional games in
the ETHER JOY system for users.
3 The realization of digital assets in traditional games is controlled by game
manufacturers. As the game life cycle ends, digital assets die out. But in the
tokenized game:
A. The user's digital assets are permanently stored in tokens, which can also
be exchanged and realized very conveniently;
B. Game upgrade equals to tokens' value-addition, letting the game become a
way to play while making money.
5. 3.

ETHER JOY Dapp

ETHER JOY Dapp is based on the Ethereum Smart Contract Agreement.
Ethereum supports the creation of a DApp, a distributed application whose
entire or partial backend code can be run on a distributed ledger with a user
interface to facilitate the interaction of smart contracts and Blockchain code.
ETHER JOY Dappis mainly embodied in Ethereum smart contracts of game
activities. ETHER JOY Dapp creates unified standard procedures, allowing the
game project sponsor, Ether joy’s platform, and the users (game player) to
complete the entire process of the game activity from organization to reward
distribution online in an equal manner:
1)

The initiator of a game activity initiates a competitive activity

online through a smart contract;

2)

Reward details of the game and the rules are released through

the smart contract;
3)

The reward is distributed to the designated wallet address

through the smart contract; (The rewarded tokens in this wallet cannot be used
for other activities. Only after the game is over, the reward can be distributed to
the address given by the game user.);
4)

ETHER JOY’s game platform automatically organizes game

competition activities in the game platform according to the agreement;
5)

After the game is over, the result of each game will be written into

the smart contract;
6)

In accordance with the award rules formulated by the project

sponsor, the rewards will be distributed through smart contracts to the
participants.
5.4.

Blockchain game transformation system

As the ETHER JOY project matures, the management team begins to integrate
technology development teams and guides the project's efforts to establish a
Blockchain game upgradeing system:
1) Use the project to build a unified SDK and API interface in the way of bidding
rewards and other forms to facilitate the traditional game manufacturers to
upgrade the Blockchain games.
2) Utilize the advantages of game traffic to provide distribution channels for
newly upgraded Blockchain games and obtain massive users.

6.
6. 1.

Introduction of TOKEN
EJOY token acquisition and platform reward

1)New users have access to EJOY tokens

2)Users participate in ETHER JOY project promotion and technology
development to get EJOY tokens;
3)Users provide Blockchain game distribution services to get EJOY tokens;
4)……
6. 2.

EJOY consumption and exchange scenario

1) Participation in game competitions will consume EJOY tokens.
2) Withdrawing the prize to the wallet will consume EJOY tokens of different
amounts.
3) Personalized artificial intelligence analysis services need to consume EJOY
tokens of different amounts.
4) Access to a interface such as SDK requires consumption of EJOY tokens.
5) Channel distribution for Blockchain games requires consumption of EJOY
tokens
EJOY tokens can be consumed globally in game producers, game distribution
platforms, game events, and game training organizations that have a
cooperative relationship with the EJOY.

7.
7. 1.

Introduction of technology
ETHER JOY Dapp

ETHER JOY Dapp is a distributed, open-source smart contract based on
Ethereum that relies on the secondary development of Ethereum technology.
Therefore, the technology adopted is based on the Ethereum public chain,
smart contracts, and sub-protocol WEB3.0. There are some key technical
points, such as file management mechanisms, will be the decentralized
way(such as SWARM). Displays on smartphones also use lightweight client
protocols, such as the LES protocol.

The selection of Ethereum as the underlying technology infrastructure is due to
the fact that Ethereum in the current market is relatively mature and reliable,
and its technology is relatively mature. Detailed Ethereum technology
framework, principles, etc. can refer to Ethereum technology project.

7. 2.

ETHER JOY artificial intelligence

We create a new concept in Ejoy games, GUM, Game User Metrics to improve
the efficiency of digitally profiling game users.GUM gives Ejoy the ability to
privately and anonymously collect user information at the game application
level. It allows for the development of rich metrics for user behavior information.
The metrics are then used to classify players into different characters. The
classification of players is based on the Bartle taxonomy of player types by
Richard Bartle[1] . Machine learning algorithms associate and transfer the
characters into players relevance and preferences, which are used for later
targeted marketing and promotion activities

figure [1]

GUM serves as matched rules for the games’characteristics only in the user’s
active status in real time. The GUM value for the user profiling will be
calculated based on incremental duration and participation in proportion to

relevant games, prior to any direct engagement with other game users. We will
design further anonymous user profile models as the system develops.

GUM ensures that players character`s in a final step, player character’s
relevance and preferences are connected to marketing and promotion
activities in a dynamical way. An auxiliary Extensive Game[2] of Game Theory
is constructed, where the GUM system is the opponent of the player, whose
moves or actions are the next game or promotional materials presented to the
player. The payoff of this auxiliary two-player game involves the duration of the
player spend on the games, and the result of the promotion activities. Some
adjustments are made into the game. An polynomial time algorithm[3] is
implemented to solve the game. The nodes, which are different games
presented to the players, and the payoffs of the game tree are changing
dynamically. Because the algorithm is polynomial, this process can be
implemented in real time.
Compared to other similar in-application models, GUM is able to track
transactions well enough to not match products that users have often already
purchased. Engagement through genuine feedback mechanisms in games
ensures that game users that have opted in for GUM are getting the best
possible product match, and that users are most likely to convert into a
transaction. Ultimately it comes down to profile efficiency, including the speed
and correctness of matching algorithms. We expect publishers and advertisers
to suggest new Game User Metrics to be surfaced, and encourage other
vendors to build on the topic as we progress.

7. 3.

Blockchain game transformation system

ETHER JOY Blockchain game transformation system is the application layer,
not the underlying technology, so it more needs to rely on the market for open
source smart contract technology for secondary development.
In order to make the game have a better performance experience, ETHER
JOY Blockchain game transformation system has a “ high concurrency and low
cost” hardware requirements in the selection of smart contract technology
architecture, therefore only smart contract technology that meets the above
two conditions can be used to develop Blockchain games. The current smart
contract technology architecture, including Ethereum and NEO, is unlikely to
meet market development needs.
Therefore, the technology selection of the ETHER JOY Blockchain game
transformation system needs to wait for market technology. At the same time,
it relies on the development of the ETHER JOY traffic platform and
strength of the project to promote.

8.

Progress Disclosure of Major Projects

8. 1.

ETHER JOY Agenda

8. 2.

ETHER JOY Development Plan

the

9.

EJOY Token Crowdfunding Plan

9. 1.

EJOY token crowdfunding and reward

The coins used on the ETHER JOY Entertainment Platform are called EJOY.
The circulation of EJOY will be 21 billion. The details of the crowdfunding will
be announced on the official website before the release date. The
crowdfunding will last for 12 days starting from April 15, 2018 and ending on
April 27, 2018, based on ETH Blockchain and ETHContract, ETH’s smart
contract.
EJOY crowdfunding exchange rate:1ETH=50,000 EJOYs
The crowdfunding limit for EJOY token issuance is 12,600 ETHs. The
maximum number of tokens sold by EJOY is: 6.3 billion EJOYs (30% of the
total number).
Official website: https://www.ejoy.world
Acceptable currency: ETH
This public crowdfunding plan will last for 12 days. The earlier the participants
join in, the more EJOY token rewards the participants will receive. The specific
periods and reward ratios are as follows:

Day 1 to Day 8

Presale

20%-10% reward

Private
crowdfunding
Day 9 to Day 12

Public

0%-5% reward

crowdfunding
Note: Rewards will be locked up for 90 days
9. 2.

EJOY token allocation
Overall allocation description

30%

Crowdfunding incomes will be used for upgrades,
operations,
marketing,
foundation
operations
Crowdfunding management, financial and legal consulting, partial
token sales expenses and rewards of ETHER JOY
Entertainment and Games Platform.

10%

Ecological development reserves (used for
Reserves for
various ecological rewards options, locked up for 6
value chain
months and then released in 21 months (100 million
development
per month))

20%

Team

As the team’s incentive, 50% will be unlocked
after 3 months, and the remaining 50% after 6months.

25%

Marketing

Advertising, promotion and project building and
partner awards

10%

Research
Fund

Reserved for partners, academic research and
third-party platforms. It will be gradually allocated to
new contributors if they do help promote the
development of the project ecosystem and increase
the circulation of the token.

5%

Advisory
Team

Angel advisers, (20% released after the first
month, 30% after 3 months, 30% after 6 months, and
20% after 9 months;)

Notes: This allocation plan may be adjusted according to the actual market
conditions and supervision in each region during each financing stage.
9. 3.

Capital budget

The fund raised will be used for the development of the ETHER JOY and other
matters in favor of its development. The amount of crowdfunding incomes will
affect or determine its use and allocation ratios. (See official English version)
Ratio of budget use
Relevant product research, design, R&D, testing,
Technological
30%
pilot run and other related expenses of the technical
R&D
team;
20%

Promotion
and
advertising

Promotion and advertising activities such as value
chain branding, event promotion, value chain
development, etc.

30%

Product
operation

Product application marketing and promotion,
user development, product service, operation service,
etc.

10%

Daily
operation

Daily operating expenses of the Foundation, and
relevant legal, financial, and office departments, etc.;

5%

Infrastructure

5%

Unforeseen

Network infrastructure resources;
Other unpredictable expenses;

10. ETHER JOY Value Foundation and Its Composition
Composed of representatives of early investors, founders and representatives
of the partners, the ETHER JOY Value Foundation is an organization
responsible for the decision-making and supervision of ETHER JOY
Entertainment and Games Platform. By voting on the development and
operation plans of the Project, the Foundation will prepare a long-term
development strategic plan for the ETHER JOY Entertainment and Games
Platform, review the annual business plan, and make important decisions.
The ETHER JOY Value Foundation will also be responsible for the
management of ETHER JOY's technical development platform, project landing
and operation, marketing, etc., to promote the safe and fair development of the
ecosystem of ETHER JOY Entertainment and Games Platform. The
Foundation will be dedicated to ensuring the transparency of governance and

the security of funds, and protecting the interests of ETHER JOY holders and
stakeholders by establishing sound governance structure.
The ETHER JOY Value Foundation aims to be an independent, democratic
governing body for all members of ETHER JOY's entertainment and Games
ecosystem. Its functions include:
-

Performing open governance of its resources with other ecosystem

partners
-

Developing digital economy to share the ecological mechanism and

safeguarding the interests and values of each party in the mechanism
-

Providing an open and sustainable platform and ecosystem for more

developers
As time goes on, the Foundation may be replaced by other more innovative
governance mode. However, the establishment of a formal governance
institution is an important step in this process.
The Foundation will invest resources in three specific goals: research,
development and governance. The Foundation will hire a development team to
promote these efforts, improve the technology of the entire ecosystem, and
continue to maintain the open source code base to benefit all members of the
ecosystem.
The initial idea of foundation governance is to adopt a combination of
professional committees and functional departments to manage daily work and
special issues. The Foundation will set up various functional committees,
including a strategic decision committee, a technical auditing committee, a
remuneration and nomination committee and a public relations committee.
With reference to the institutional framework of a company, the Foundation will
set up departments for daily operation such as Human Resources,
Administration, Finance, Marketing, and R&D (or Laboratory).

Contact:
White Paper Working Group
EMAIL:zero@ejoy.world

11. Core Management Team of ETHER JOY Value
Foundation
11.1 Core Management Team

Cherednyk Bogdan

CEO

He has the master's degree from National Aviation
University.He onceworked in marketing department in
several companies such as LiveAnimations and
Masterpipe. With proficient market analysis and
customer negotiation skills, he is good at grasping
market opportunities and developing markets.

Wan Huang

CIO

She has the bachelor’s degree of mathematics from
Nanjing University, master's degree in mathematics
from London School of Economics;
She previously served as vice president of Citigroup and
Morgan Stanley, responsible for data analysis. She
owns two U.S. patents and has published several
signed articles on data mining and algorithms, has also
introduced data analysis algorithms into the platform,
and provided data analysis for enterprise customers.

Mikey Stone

COO

He is a senior practitioner of internet finance. He once
worked for many listed companies such as Noah
Wealth, Sina, and participated in many projects. He was
familiar with consumer finance, P2P and third party
payment.Currently he is committed to the research of
Blockchain marketing and project operations.

Zoe Han

CBO

She has graduated from a famous university in Asia with
a bachelor's degree in journalism. She has worked in
market department of several well-known companies
and has extensive marketing experience. At this stage,
she focuses on digital currency marketing and operation
management.

Dave Chen Technical Director
He is a master in the top 20 universities in the world
for data science major. He has many years of
experience in programming, algorithms, and
databases. He has extensive experience in data
mining and machine learning projects. He has
participated in the development and big data
analysis of the Internet project with10 million
registered users .He has written a cryptocurrency
market research report.

David Zuo

CAO

MBA. He once was a senior professional manager
of China Resources Group. He is a continuous
entrepreneur and a veteran of the Internet software
industry.He has been deeply involved in the
financial software industry, live broadcast industry,
and mobile Internet e-commerce.

Yu Choi

Chief ETHER JOY

MBA. He is a continuous entrepreneur and has
successful entrepreneurial experience in the fields of
industry, internet, trade, finance, etc. He used to be
CEO of UnionPay Holding Group Co. and the partner of
the Wall Street Wealth Management Institute.

11.2 Consultant Team

Yinming Pang

Project Consultant

He is the Doctor of computer software and theory of
Fudan University, Doctor of finance of Chinese
Academy of Social Sciences, EMBA tutor of
Shanghai Jiaotong University, master tutor of China
University of Science and Technology. He
successively served as the general manager of five
companies in the Greenland Financial Group, and
currently serves as the chief executive officer of
Xinyuan Technology Group;
He has published more than 20 academic papers
and "Internet Finance and Big Data Analysis",
"Fintech and Asset Securitization", "Blockchain:
Reshaping New Finance", and "Fintech New
Engine: Blockchain and Artificial Intelligence." 》

Xiaochun Bian

Project Consultant

He has the 14-year experience of game
development and is a continuous entrepreneur.He
once led the production of a variety of products
worth more than 10 million.He previously founded
a company which received billions of investment
from listed companies such as Forgam and Jinke
Entertainment.

Fuqing Lin

Technical Adviser

He is the author of ZERO3D---China's first Flash3D
engine and Chinese co-developer of
Away3D--world-renowned Flash3D engine.He is
also the member of Adobe Prerelease and the
guest author of Microsoft's "programming beauty".

12. Cornerstone Investment and Cooperative Companies

Stanley
13. Risk Factors
ETHER JOY buyers of the token sales plan are suggested to carefully read this
White Paper, the Token Purchase Agreement and all relevant information on
the official website to fully understand the potential risks involved in EJOY and
a thoughtful consideration is advised before purchasing an ETHER JOY.

Buyers should be fully aware that in any case, the Foundation (or its affiliates)
will not return the purchased ETHER JOY.
The ETHER JOY Value Foundation will use the revenue of the digital assets
raised by ETHER JOY token sales plan to develop ETHER JOY project and
will take reasonable measures to ensure that the project progresses towards
the direction discussed in this White Paper. However, buyers may still face the
risk of losses (see the Token Purchase Agreement for details). Risks may be
involved in compliance/operations, token sales market, digital wallet
management, technology, system, vulnerability or hacking, cryptographic
development and other aspects not listed.
Uncertain regulatory and enforcement actions
The regulatory status of ETHER JOY and distributed ledger technology is not
yet clarified or resolved in many jurisdictions. It is impossible to predict how,
when or whether regulators will adopt existing regulations or develop new
regulations on such technologies and their applications (including ETHER JOY
and EJOY Token). Regulatory actions may have a negative impact on ETHER
JOY and EJOY Token in various ways. The ETHER JOY Value Foundation (or
its affiliates) may cease to operate in a jurisdiction where changes in regulatory
actions or laws and regulations may de-legalize the operations in such a
jurisdiction, or commercially apply a very unfavorable concession to meet
regulatory requirements.
Through consultation with legal advisors in various fields, as well as
continuous analysis of the development of virtual currency and the legal
structure, the ETHER JOY Value Foundation will hold a cautious position to the
sales of EJOY tokens. Therefore, with respect to the crowdfunding, the
Foundation may constantly adjust its sales strategy to avoid the related legal
risks to the maximum. At the same time, the Foundation also cooperates with
Tzedek Law Co., Ltd., an elite law firm in Singapore, in the Blockchain field.

Risks related to ETHER JOY market
As ETHER JOYs are designed to be used only on Ether Joy Entertainment and
Games Platform, liquidity risk exists. If ETHER JOYs are not accepted by the
market, the overall market situation is weak with insufficient number of users,
the development of ETHER JOY is stagnant, or rumors or other uncontrollable
factors break out, the value of ETHER JOYs may fluctuate drastically and even
decrease to zero.
Risks in digital wallet management
Buyers can only receive ETHER JOY tokens after installing a wallet that
supports Ethereum and obtaining a digital wallet address. Individual users are
responsible for protecting their private keys (i.e. the passwords of their wallets)
and proving that they own the assets involved in case of signed transactions.
Users should be fully aware that due to the decentralized transaction nature of
Blockchains, if their private key or password is lost or stolen, the (wallet
address or public key) in their account will be lost forever and cannot be
recovered. The best or safest way to avoid such risk is to securely store the
private key in one or more places. For this reason, do not store it on a public
computer. It is also workable to write it down for physical preservation.
Technical risk
Technical risk refers to the main problems existing in the underlying technology,
leading to the failure of ETHER JOY to perform its intended functions, and the
tampering or loss of key data.
Systematic risk
Systemic risk refers to the extensive failure of global network infrastructure due
to warfare, natural disasters and other force majeure events, which may cause
the global Internet to be partially or wholly interrupted.
Risk of vulnerability or hacking

The risk of vulnerability or hacking means that hackers or other organizations
may use any method to identify possible vulnerabilities and attempt to attack
the ETHER JOY Platform (or DApp and its application) or EJOY tokens,
including but not limited to denial of service attacks (DoS attacks), Sybil attacks,
malware attacks or consistency attacks.
Risks related to cryptographic development
The cryptography is still under development and cannot guarantee absolute
security. The cryptographic development such as the advancement of
password cracking technology or the development of quantum calculators may
pose a risk to all encryption-based systems including ETHER JOY
Entertainment and Games Platform. This may result in the risk of theft, loss,
missing, damage or devaluation of EJOY tokens held by everyone.
Risk in project development
The development of EJOY may not be implemented or performed as planned
for various reasons, including but not limited to the falling prices of any digital
assets, virtual currency or ETHER JOYs, unforeseen technical difficulties and
insufficient funds for event development.
Other risks
In addition to the above risks, there may be other risks associated with your
purchase, holding and use of ETHER JOYs, including those that the
Foundation cannot anticipate. Such risks may further become unexpected
changes or combinations of the above risks. Before purchasing ETHER JOYs,
you are advised to conduct a comprehensive due diligence on the Foundation
(and its affiliates) and ETHER JOY’s entertainment and Games team to
understand the overall framework and vision of ETHER JOY.
Follow us:
Official Website: http://www.ejoy.world/

Telegram: t.me/etherjoy
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Etherjoy1

