ETHER LEGENDS
And THE ELEMENTEUM TOKEN

WHITE PAPER

CONTENTS
1. Abstract
2. Marketing
3. Licensing
4. App Token
5. Gameplay and Ecosystem
6. Technical Platform Design
7. Roadmap
8. Team

“Ownership of digital
content belongs to the
player.”

1 Abstract
Ether Legends™ (“etherlegends.io”) is a groundbreaking
decentralized digital collectible trading card game that
seamlessly connects physical trading cards and more to the
Ethereum platform.
Focused on the merging of digital and physical assets, players
test their skill and compete online in 1v1 or 2v2 matches
while earning rewards and giving players digital ownership of
in-game content secured by the blockchain.
Controlling attributes and abilities of digital characters,
players battle one another worldwide using an online game
client.
Elementeum (ELEŦ ) is the ERC-20 token that drives the Ether
Legends digital ecosystem. Players use Elementeum during
match play and to conduct transactions in the Ether Legends™
Marketplace.

2

ETHER LEGENDS and THE ELEMENTEUM TOKEN

1.1 Autonomous
Ether Legends™ innovations allow skill based competition to take place
independent of middlemen, with no central controlling authority. The
cryptocurrency platform, Ethereum allows for the creation of smart
contracts that run business logic autonomously in the blockchain. Smart
contracts can be used for fast, secure and reliable processing of game
results and rewards. Unlike existing games, all Ether Legends™
transactions are publicly verifiable, viewable, counterfeit resistant, and
not subject to the risk of institutional processing.

“All transactions
are publicly
verifiable,
viewable,
counterfeit resistant
and not subject to
the risk of
institutional
processing.”

1.2 Decentralized
Traditional online businesses with centralized structures are subject to hacking, strict financial
regulations, and onerous overhead costs. Peer to Peer (“P2P”) decentralization enables skill based
competition and results verification without reliance on payment processors and eases operational
regulatory burdens, protecting against organizational corruption such as fraud and embezzlement.
Leveraging the Ethereum blockchain, all Ether Legends™ transactions are publicly verifiable and viewable
by all.

Copyright 2017-2018 Elementeum Games, LLC

ETHER LEGENDS and THE ELEMENTEUM TOKEN

3

1.3 Fully Automated
Game software and the implementation of smart contracts provide the
ability to record game results, receive/trade digital items and accept
rewards within the Ether Legends™ gaming interface. Players are
automatically rewarded via smart contracts. Smart contracts automate
the purchase, sale and trading process through the Ether Legends™
marketplace.

1.4 Game Transactional Data and Digital Game Assets
Game Transactional Data (GTD) becomes part of the verifiable
blockchain through utilization of smart contracts. GTD includes winloss records, rewards obtained, redemption of assets, token
transactions, and wallet balances.
Digital Game Assets (DGA) are in-game digital content linked to
players’ wallet addresses that player’s own, secured by the
blockchain. DGAs can be purchased, traded, or sold through the Ether
Legends™ marketplace and viewed in your personal Sky Box (see Sky
Box section for more details). DGAs may be exchanged between
wallets that support ERC-20 and/or ERC-721 tokens. DGAs give players
true, immutable digital ownership of in-game content that cannot be
duplicated.
DGAs are obtained in several ways, not limited to the following:
1.

Physical Collectible Trading Cards. Players redeem physical
trading cards, registering ownership on the Ethereum
network.

2.

Digital Collectible Trading Cards. Players buy, sell and
trade digital assets in the Ether Legends™ marketplace.

3.

In-game Rewards. Players are rewarded with digital assets
for winning competitive matches.

Physical trading cards include QR Codes that facilitate redemption to
the blockchain. Each physical card may be redeemed only once.

1.5 External Exchange
The team is actively working with a number of exchanges to allow
trade of our game token and digital assets. It is anticipated to be
available on one or more exchanges upon conclusion of the token sale.

Copyright 2017-2018 Elementeum Gaming, LLC

Primary: Back of trading card showing
redemption

“Digital Assets can be
traded, viewed and
sold through the Ether
Legends marketplace.”

Alternate:
Back of trading card showing redemption

“Trading cards can only
be redeemed one time
to the blockchain – not
to be duplicated, ever.”

4

ETHER LEGENDS and THE ELEMENTEUM TOKEN

2 Market and Feasibility
Collectible card games are here to stay. The blue-chip
genre will earn $5.73 billion in 2017 across digital and
physical. While physical still dominates the market,
digital Collectible Card Games (CCGs) have been
bolstered by major new entrants, including Hearthstone:
Heroes of Warcraft.
More than 37 million people play digital CCGs worldwide,
accounting for $551 million in digital CCG revenue for
Asia alone (2015E). Asia has the highest number of digital
CCG players (10.9 million, or about 2.5x the number of
physical players.)
Players who bought booster packs and other CCG in-app
purchases spent an average of $96 annually. 46% of
digital CCG players use multiple platforms to play their
games, and 5% of all players spend $250 or more a year,
making them the “whales” of the digital CCG world.

Figure 1. Super Data 2014 Ratio of Digital vs. Physical revenue market share

2.1 Opportunity and Feasibility
The global digital CCG market is growing prodigiously,
with a +13.4% compound annual growth rate (CAGR).
Digital CCG is expected to exceed $1.4B 2017E, 1.6B
2018E and $1.8B 2020E in global revenue.
Based on the figure of 2017E of $1.4B (digital CCG only),
a market capture of merely 0.3 % would yield an
estimated $42,000,000 in annual revenue for Ether
Legends™. Booster pack and in-app purchases strengthen
revenue opportunities.

Figure 2. Super Data 2015 Ratio of Digital vs. Physical market share

As shown in Figure 1, the market share between digital
and physical revenue allocation shows opportunity in both
markets with continual growth.
Figure 2 shows continued growth of the digital revenue
stream relative to total CCG revenue.
Figure 3 shows the audience market ratio of players in
2015E.

Figure 3. Super Data 2015 Ratio of Digital vs. Physical audience (players

Copyright 2017-2018 Elementeum Games, LLC

ETHER LEGENDS and THE ELEMENTEUM TOKEN

5

2.2 Playerbase Feasibility
Current Estimated Daily Players Volume of major market
CCG’s (digital and physical) based on 2015E data
•

Magic the Gathering 20,000,000 players

•

League of Legends 27,000,000 players

•

Hearthstone 10,000,000 players

•

Dota II 1,000,000 players

•

Pokemon 1,000,000 players

Total 59,000,000 (+/- 2%) players of major market CCG
(Digital and Physical)

Projected Playerbase for Ether Legends™ 2018-2022
•

2018E: 147,500 players in year one (.25% of total playerbase)

•

2019E: 295,000 players in year two (estimated growth factors applied)

•

2020E: 442,500 players in year three (estimated growth factors applied)

•

2021E: 553,125 players in year four (estimated growth factors applied)

•

2022E: 691,407 players in year five (estimated growth factors applied)

2.3 Anticipated Future Revenue by 2019E (Full year of release)
Projected Revenue from Competitive Gameplay
•

Roughly .5% of total playerbase = 295,000 players

•

Daily players play 1 game daily = 295,000 games

•

Average stake per game = $5; 295000 x 5 = $1,475,000

•

Ether Legends™ fee = 5.0%; = $1,475,000 x 5.0% = $73,750

Projected annual revenue from gameplay = $73,750 x 365 days = $26,918,750
Projected Revenue from In-App Purchases
•

Roughly $96 annually x 50% of the playerbase = 147,500 players

Projected annual revenue from in-app purchases = 147,500 players x $96 = $14,160,000
Projected Total Annual revenue for 2019E: $41,078,750

Copyright 2017-2018 Elementeum Gaming, LLC

6

ETHER LEGENDS and THE ELEMENTEUM TOKEN

Figure 5. Ether Legends annual revenue projections (5 years)

In Figure 5, total annual revenue for the next 5 years is shown based on the assumptions and calculations
provided herein.

2.4 The Problem
Existing centralized solutions place consumers at risk. Players’ centralized accounts and deposits are
subject to hacking, embezzlement, or even confiscation with little recourse for those affected.

2.5 The Solution
Ether Legends™ is the first Ethereum-based decentralized gaming platform built specifically to give trading
card game enthusiasts a fun, seamless experience while protecting player ownership of DGAs. Smart
contracts on the Ethereum network allow Ether Legends™ to operate in a unique way that has never
existed before. Participants completely control their funds and DGAs while using the secure Ether
Legends™ user interface. Reward payouts are made in accordance with the rules of Ether Legends™ smart
contracts. This decentralized model reduces transaction and other operating costs, amounting to savings
that are passed on to the consumer and adding value that competitors cannot provide.

2.6 Future Vision
Ether Legends™ aims to be the preferred blockchain digital collectible trading card game and gaming
platform, shaping the future of blockchain gaming projects. The initial focus of the Ether Legends™ project
is on digital rewards, content, transactions and integration of blockchain features for the Ether Legends™
digital gaming platform. Ultimately, Ether Legends™ will be a leading brand in competitive blockchain
digital CCG gameplay. Ether Legends™ will be the first of many amazing games powered by ELEŦ as the
ecosystem currency.
Ether Legends™ will also work with other blockchain developers, forging relationships to enhance security,
utility, automation, and the gaming experience for all players. The in-app digital wallet will support any
ERC20 standard based token with the ability to store, send, receive and view digital assets through a
graphical user interface. The Ether Legends™ team aims to follow the example set by the OpenZeppelin
project by creating a high-quality, open-source, reusable package of smart contracts that can serve as the
foundation for other trading card projects. Doing so will encourage a higher level of participation on all
parties’ platforms for standardization, toolsets and bring cryptocurrencies and decentralized applications
one step closer to mainstream.

Copyright 2017-2018 Elementeum Games, LLC

ETHER LEGENDS and THE ELEMENTEUM TOKEN

7

3 Licensing
Due to transparent nature of smart contracts, much of the intellectual
property will be open source. The Ether Legends™ team will release a fully
open-source API of core solidity smart contracts that may be used as the
foundation for other digital trading card games.

4 App Token
The Ether Legends™ gaming platform is driven by Elementeum (ELEŦ), an
essential component of the Ether Legends™ ecosystem. Major functions
that require the use of ELEŦ include:
• Playing matches or tournaments
• Hosting matches or tournaments

“It’s more than a
game, it’s a gaming
platform.”

• Claiming rewards
• Ether Legends™ Marketplace transactions
• Bounty for continued development and design

4.1 Token Acquisition
During the Elementeum token presale, users may send Ether (ETH) to the
Elementeum sale smart contract on the Ethereum blockchain. In
exchange, wallet addresses from which ETH was received are immediately
provided with a quantity of ELEŦ based on the sale exchange rate.
After the release of the Ether Legends™ Beta, ELEŦ may be acquired either
by using the Ether Legends™ user interface, by exchanging assets with
other players, by winning competitive matches against players or by
claiming rewards. As an additional option, the Ether Legends™ interface
integrates third party trading solutions such as Shapeshift and Coinbase to
allow users who don’t own ETH to purchase ELEŦ.

4.2

Token Growth and Utilization

The long-term vision for the Ether Legends™ ecosystem extends beyond the
Marketplace. The Ether Legends™ team will work towards making ELEŦ
redeemable for goods and services within partnered networks of retailers,
games, DApps and more. The team is not stopping there. Ether Legends™
aims to be proactive in cultivating partnerships with complementary
projects or game studios. It’s more than a game, it’s a gaming platform
where any amount of games could exist.

Copyright 2017-2018 Elementeum Gaming, LLC

“Smart contract
design of Ether
Legends has enabled
Endless scalability”

8

ETHER LEGENDS and THE ELEMENTEUM TOKEN

4.3 Token Presale
The first opportunity to obtain ELEŦ is during the
Elementeum token presale, during which time ELEŦ is
available for purchase at a discounted rate. To
purchase ELEŦ tokens, users send ETH from their
Ethereum wallet addresses to the address of the token
sale smart contract. All participating wallet addresses
will automatically receive a limited edition digital
trading card shortly before or upon release of the
Ether Legends™ Beta.
The token presale will occur in several phases,
outlined in the following table (all phase begin at
00:00:00 GMT and end at 23:59:59 GMT).
The quantity of tokens is capped at 50,000,000. The
total supply of ELEŦ will never exceed this quantity.
Of this amount, 70%, or 35,000,000 tokens are publicly
available during the presale. Should the public
allocation sell out the token presale ends, and no
further purchases may be made.
To ensure that many users have the opportunity to
obtain ELEŦ, no contributing user may use a single
Ethereum wallet address to contribute less than 0.03
ETH or more than 100 ETH. The presale smart
contract tracks the cumulative total contribution and
rejects any contribution made outside this range.
Should the token presale fail to raise a minimum of
250 ETH, the presale smart contract automatically
enables refunds that users may claim upon completion
of the presale.

Figure 6. Token Distribution

Phase
Quintessence
Fire
Water
Air
Earth
Final Week
Total

Dates
Feb. 15
Feb. 28
Mar. 01
Mar. 07
Mar. 08
Mar. 14
Mar. 15
Mar. 21
Mar. 12
Mar. 28
Mar. 29
Apr. 04
Feb. 15
Apr. 04

–

Purchase Rate
2000 ELEŦ to 1 ETH

Duration
14 Days

–

1800 ELEŦ to 1 ETH

07 Days

–

1600 ELEŦ to 1 ETH

07 Days

–

1400 ELEŦ to 1 ETH

07 Days

–

1200 ELEŦ to 1 ETH

07 Days

–

1000 ELEŦ to 1 ETH

07 Days

–

*Sale dates are
approximate

49 Days

Of the remaining 30% of ELEŦ, half (or 15% of the total
supply) are allocated to co-founding members of the
Ether Legends™ team, and half are allocated to
operations accounts. This private supply of ELEŦ is
earmarked to pay for promotions, in-game rewards,
marketing and other operational costs, and bounties
for contributors to the Ether Legends™ platform.
The token presale allocation and the operational
funding allocation are shown in Figures 6 & 7
respectively.

Figure 7. Funding allocation

Copyright 2017-2018 Elementeum Games, LLC

9

ETHER LEGENDS and THE ELEMENTEUM TOKEN

5 Gameplay and Ecosystem
The unique design features of the Ether Legends™ ecosystem and gaming
platform are purpose-built to create a fun, engaging experience for
players. ELEŦ is deeply tied to game play and the Ether Legends™
marketplace as a form of currency for transactions, as a requirement for
participation in competitive match and tournament play, and as a means
to claim bonus rewards.

5.1 Global Ranking and Achievements
The publicly viewable Ether Legends™ global ranking system and leader
board shows players where they stand and encourages worldwide
competition. Bonus rewards and accomplishments including, but not
limited to special visual accessories and badges incentivize players to
complete in-game achievements. All achievements and accessories a
player has earned are visually represented in the player’s customizable
Ether Legends “Sky Box,” your portal to the marketplace.

5.2 Matchmaking Ranking, Item Level and Gained
Experience
A player’s Matchmaking Ranking (MMR) is a combination of character
level (CLVL) and item level (ILVL) score and is determined by the
attributes of characters and items the player takes into the arena. CLVL
and ILVL ranges are predetermined using mathematical formulas. Because
MMR is largely determined by the CLVL and ILVL of assets used during
individual matches, players have the opportunity to play against others at
varying skill levels in a way that is balanced and fair.
Win or lose, players gain experience, though winning provides experience
at an increased rate. Players choose how they allocate experience to
character cards when creating or joining matches, allowing limitless
combinations of CLVL. Ether Legends™ is unique because experience is
stored in the blockchain as digital assets players own. Ownership of
experience tied to players instead of characters allows the purchase, sale
or trade of experience and most importantly, prevents loss of experience
when players change characters.

Copyright 2017-2018 Elementeum Gaming, LLC

“Experience is a
digital asset, earned
and owned by
players.”

ETHER LEGENDS and THE ELEMENTEUM TOKEN

10

5.3 Playing Matches
Players use the web-based Ether Legends™ user interface to create or join matches and tournaments.
Match settings are stored in the Ethereum blockchain using smart contracts. In addition to playercreated matches and tournaments, Ether Legends™ maintains a large pool of quick-play matches and
tournaments, ensuring that players can always find a game. To enter the arena, players must pay the
entry fee set by the creator of each match or tournament. In addition to other bonuses, winners are
rewarded with the combined ELEŦ total paid by each player. To maintain balance and fairness, the
MMRs of match participants must be comparable, a rule enforced by smart contracts. Play is fastpaced and should take about 7-10 minutes per game based on prototype game play.

Copyright 2017-2018 Elementeum Games, LLC

11

ETHER LEGENDS and THE ELEMENTEUM TOKEN

5.4 Ether Legends Game Basis
The initial release of the Ether Legends™ trading card game includes five elemental card types, each of
which has specific abilities, vulnerabilities, attacks and defenses. Those elements are: Quintessence,
Fire, Water, Earth, and Air. Scalable game design makes for different levels of dynamic game play. At its
most basic level, players can find in-depth strategy and optionally add item cards to create additional
depth, keeping the game intriguing and exciting no matter the player’s age or skill level. This
forethought and consideration separates Ether Legends from other games, creating limitless possibilities
for future expansions that will continue to enhance the game play experience for all players.
Ether Legends™ trading cards are visually distinct from other games. Whereas most games feature a
dark, realistic, mature style, Ether Legends™ cards are embellished, lighthearted, and humorous creating
a fun and dramatic flair suitable for all ages and contributing to an emotional connection between
players and the game. This fun style is prominently featured throughout the Ether Legends gaming
interface, especially in the players’ personal Sky Box which can be customized to each player’s liking
with digital assets and purchasable skins.

Copyright 2017-2018 Elementeum Gaming, LLC

12

ETHER LEGENDS and THE ELEMENTEUM TOKEN

Character cards start at level 0, and players apply experience they earn
and own to cards during match play creation to achieve new levels and
additional power. Character cards have base attributes that give the
character virtual hit points, defense, strike, evasion, healing and a rate
of effectivity. At higher levels, players allocate additional points to these
categories based on their desired playing style and strategy.
Furthermore, each character card has a unique special ability, creating
strategic advantages or disadvantages based on other cards in play.
Legendary character cards are more difficult to obtain, and have
additional special features that make them more strategically desirable.
The first release will include roughly twenty unique character cards for
each elemental type and twenty legendary cards. The first set For Glory
and Treasure features a theme of beasts and men, each of which has
been masterfully illustrated and stands on its own as a work of art.

5.5 Dynamic Rewards
Rewards come in two forms:
1. In-game content items such as item cards that boost character
attributes and items used to customize Sky Box appearances.
2. The reward pool of Elementeum (ELEŦ) payable to the winner, once a
winner is confirmed through smart contract rules.

Ether Legends Digital Trading Card Game

“Any player may host,
create or join
tournament play and
set specific criteria for
allowed entry and
rewards.”

5.6 Hosting Tournaments
Another utility of ELEŦ and the game interface is the ability to initiate
tournaments on the platform. Tournaments can be competitive matches
between individuals or teams. These tournaments can be an array of
prearranged matches handled by the same smart contract mechanism.
The ELEŦ tournament creation function will be one of the main pillars of
the Ether Legends™ ecosystem. Any player may host, create or join
tournament play and set specific criteria for allowed entry and rewards.

6 Technical Platform Design

Ether Legends Physical Trading Card Game

6.1 Application UI/UX
Built on the Ethereum platform, the Ether Legends™ platform provides a
distributed environment where players compete with one another and
win Elementeum tokens and digital asset rewards when played online.
Ether Legends™ creates an amazing user experience (UX) with an easy-tonavigate user interface that serves as a one-stop shop for game play,
viewing of digital assets and achievements, and participation in a
dynamic marketplace. Ether Legends™ integrates a wallet with built-in
ERC-20 and ERC-721 compatibility. The UI/UX does not require
registration, as your wallet address creates your account and your Sky
Box.
Copyright 2017-2018 Elementeum Games, LLC

“ERC-20 and ERC-721
Compatibility leave the
door open for gaming
platform collaboration.”

ETHER LEGENDS and THE ELEMENTEUM TOKEN

13

6.2 Sky Box
You get to have your own box seat in the arena. In the Sky Box, your avatar portrays
your online presence and virtual seat in the arena. Within the Sky Box your personal
avatar, champions, trophies, and assets are viewable to the world in a manner
customizable by you. Consider your Sky Box as your store front interface to the Ether
Legends™ Marketplace. Others can view and offer to trade, buy or sell through the Sky
Box as the user control within the Ether Legends™ Marketplace. Digital assets expand
far beyond game play with enhanced visualization features. Additional items that may
be used to customize your Sky Box are also available through the Ether Legends™
marketplace. Features available on the user panel include:
•

Basic Account Information (Wallet and Sky Box)

•

Game Assets (Icons, Cards, Badges, Experience, Elementeum)

•

Marketplace (Exchange of Digital Goods)

•

Available Matches (Matches)

•

Recent Matches and Achievements (Results – viewable through the Sky Box)

• take ownership of your seat in the arena
• Access the ether legends marketplace
• View cards, gear and appearances
• initiate trade and commerce
• Customize your sky box
• view Global rankings and achievements
• Get avatars, companions, decor and more!
• unlock rewards for stunning visual features

Copyright 2017-2018 Elementeum Gaming, LLC

ETHER LEGENDS and THE ELEMENTEUM TOKEN

14

A wallet with built-in ERC-20 and ERC-721 support is an integral part of the interface,
allowing you to exchange game tokens and digital assets. Additionally, if a player does
not have ELEŦ or ETH, supported currencies can be exchanged using Shapeshift or by
using reputable currency exchanges (like Coinbase) which will likely be embedded into
the Ether Legends™ user interface. The Ether Legends™ team strives to make this
aspect as seamless and easy to use as possible to enhance the user’s experience.

6.3 App Availability
Game play and matches must be easy for users to create or join, making it essential to
provide the interface on both web and mobile platforms. Ether Legends™ will
incorporate a cross-platform framework such as Meteor to reduce redundant work on
specific operating system focused development.
Meteor is a popular framework that allows you to create reactive web-based
applications with web technologies such as JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. Meteor
applications may run as distributed applications (DApps) when hosted in an
environment such as IPFS. This type of framework will enable the team to focus on the
core of Ether Legends™ business and game play features with ease of portability to
other application platforms.

6.4 App Architecture
The user interface will be a single page app with multiple tabs, web and mobile based.
The interface will allow the user to import or create a new Ethereum address. The
user is encouraged to write down the Ethereum account and private key as a backup.
In order to attract new users who aren’t familiar with Ethereum, Ether Legends™ will
officially support MetaMask, a Chrome plugin that simplifies the process of getting an
Ethereum account and allows users to avoid running an Ethereum node locally.
Ether Legends™ will store certain important information related to its KYC1 /AML2
operation on a centralized database. User funds and game information will always be
stored in the Ethereum blockchain, outside of Ether Legends™ control. Ether Legends™
will maintain a server to monitor the Ethereum events being emitted by the smart
contracts via Geth. This server will keep track of statistics (top payouts, players, etc.)
so that it can be viewed from the application without having to do heavy blockchain
calls.
1 Know your customer (KYC) is the process of a business verifying the identity of its clients. The term is also used to
refer to the bank regulation which governs these activities.
2 Anti-money laundering (AML) is a set of procedures, laws or regulations designed to stop the practice of generating
income through illegal actions.

6.5 Security Audit
Security is of the utmost importance to the Ether Legends™. To ensure safety of
customer funds and digital assets held in smart contracts, Ether Legends™ smart
contracts will be built on top of the OpenZeppelin project. Furthermore, the Ether
Legends™ team commits to subjecting its platform to comprehensive security audits
before launching on the Ethereum mainnet. In the past, Ethereum related projects
have hired security consultants to conduct security audits prior to launch. Ether
Legends™ will do the same with each updated version of the platform and will release
the results prior to launch.
Copyright 2017-2018 Elementeum Games, LLC

ETHER LEGENDS and THE ELEMENTEUM TOKEN

15

7 Roadmap

Copyright 2017-2018 Elementeum Gaming, LLC

ETHER LEGENDS and THE ELEMENTEUM TOKEN

16

8 The Team
8.1 Experience, Traction and Control
Core team members are proficient in multiple skills related to business and software
development: blockchain, graphic art and game design, business start-up,
management and operations.
Members of the Ether Legends™ business team have expertise in multiple areas
including compliance, business development, program management, contract
administration, sales, marketing and product branding.
In addition, members of the team have prior experience in managing startup
companies and/or have worked for large corporations in high-level positions, managing
program portfolios of more than $100,000,000 annually.
Members of the development team have experience working on open source projects,
open architecture systems, game design, complex framework development, smart
contracts using solidity, blockchain, OpenZeppelin, simulation development and
gaming industry projects.

Masking of team personnel is requested and necessary based on honoring specific
confidentiality, non-disclosure agreements and privacy.

Copyright 2017-2018 Elementeum Games, LLC

ETHER LEGENDS and THE ELEMENTEUM TOKEN

17

9 Disclaimer

NOT AN OFFER TO SOLICIT SECURITIES AND RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH ELEMENTEUM
(ELET) AND THE ETHER LEGENDS™ NETWORK
Last Updated December 28th, 2017
This document is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer
or solicitation to sell shares or securities in Ether Legends™, Elementeum Games,
LLC or any related or associated company. Any such offer or solicitation will be
made only by means of a confidential offering memorandum and in accordance
with the terms of all applicable securities and other laws. None of the information
or analyses presented are intended to form the basis for any investment decision,
and no specific recommendations are intended. Accordingly this document does
not constitute investment advice or counsel or solicitation for investment in any
security. This document does not constitute or form part of, and should not be
construed as, any offer for sale or subscription of, or any invitation to offer to buy
or subscribe for, any securities, nor should it or any part of it form the basis of, or
be relied on in any connection with, any contract or commitment whatsoever.
Ether Legends™ expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct or
consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever arising directly or indirectly
from: (i) reliance on any information contained in this document, (ii) any error,
omission or inaccuracy in any such information or (iii) any action resulting
therefrom.
Elementeum Token, or “ELEŦ”, is a cryptographic utility token used by the Ether
Legends™ network.
ELEŦ is not a cryptocurrency. At the time of this writing, ELEŦ (i) cannot be
exchanged for goods or services, (ii) has no known uses outside the Ether Legends™
network, and (iii) cannot be traded on any known exchanges.
ELEŦ is not an investment. There is no guarantee – indeed there is no reason to
believe – that the ELEŦ you purchase will increase in value. It may – and probably will
at some point – decrease in value. ELEŦ is not evidence of ownership or right to
control. Controlling ELEŦ does not grant its controller ownership or equity in Ether
Legends™, or the Ether Legends™ network. ELEŦ does not grant any right to
participate in the control the direction or decision making of Ether Legends™ or the
Ether Legends™ Network.
1) Risk of Losing Access to ELEŦ Due to Loss of Credentials
The purchaser’s ELEŦ may be associated with an Ethereum address originated
through the smart contract or once the game client is deployed or installed,
will require user credentials to access the game client wallet. The loss of these
credentials will result in the loss of ELEŦ. Best practices dictate that
purchasers safely store credentials in one or more backup locations
geographically separated from the working location.
2) Risks Associated with the Ethereum Protocol
ELEŦ and the Ether Legends™ network are based upon the Ethereum protocol.
As such, any malfunction, unintended function or unexpected functioning of
the Ethereum protocol may cause the Ether Legends™ network or ELEŦ to
malfunction or function in an unexpected or unintended manner. Ether, the
native unit of account of the Ethereum Protocol may itself lose value in ways
Copyright 2017-2018 Elementeum Gaming, LLC

18

ETHER LEGENDS and THE ELEMENTEUM TOKEN
similar to ELEŦ, and also other ways. More information about the Ethereum
protocol is available at http://www.ethereum.org.
3) Risks Associated with Game Play
The purchaser may lose ELEŦ by losing a skill-based match.
4) Risks Associated with Purchaser Credentials
Any third party that gains access to the purchaser’s login credentials or private
keys may be able to dispose of the purchaser’s ELEŦ. To minimize this risk, the
purchaser should guard against unauthorized access to their electronic devices.
5) Risk of Unfavorable Regulatory Action in One or More Jurisdictions
Blockchain technologies have been the subject of scrutiny by various regulatory
bodies around the world. The functioning of the Ether Legends™ network and
ELEŦ could be impacted by one or more regulatory inquiries or actions,
including but not limited to restrictions on the use or possession of digital
tokens like ELEŦ, which could impede or limit the development of the Ether
Legends™ network.
6) Risk of Insufficient Interest in the Ether Legends™ Network or Distributed
Applications
It is possible that the Ether Legends™ network will not be used by a large
number of businesses, individuals, and other organizations and that there will
be limited public interest in the creation and development of distributed
applications. Such a lack of interest could impact the development of the
Ether Legends™ network and therefore the potential uses or value of ELEŦ.
7) Risk that the Ether Legends™ Network, As Developed, Will Not Meet the
Expectations of Purchaser
The Ether Legends™ network is presently under development and may undergo
significant changes before release. Any expectations regarding the form and
functionality of ELEŦ or the Ether Legends™ network held by the purchaser
may not be met upon release, for any number of reasons including a change in
the design and implementation plans and execution of the Ether Legends™
network.
8) Risk of Theft and Hacking
Hackers or other groups or organizations may attempt to interfere with the
Ether Legends™ network or the availability of ELEŦ in any number of ways,
including without limitation denial of service attacks, Sybil attacks, spoofing,
smurfing, malware attacks, or consensus based attacks.
9) Risk of Security Weaknesses in the Ether Legends™ network Core
Infrastructure Software
The Ether Legends™ network consists of opensource software that is itself
based on opensource software. There is a risk that the Ether Legends™ team,
or other third parties may intentionally or unintentionally introduce
weaknesses or bugs into the core infrastructural elements of the Ether
Legends™ network interfering with the use of or causing the loss of ELEŦ.

Copyright 2017-2018 Elementeum Games, LLC

19

ETHER LEGENDS and THE ELEMENTEUM TOKEN
10) Risk of Weaknesses or Exploitable Breakthroughs in the Field of
Cryptography
Advances in cryptography, or technical advances such as the development of
quantum computers, could present risks to cryptocurrencies and the Ethereum
platform, which could result in the theft or loss of ELEŦ.
11) Risk of Ethereum Mining Attacks
As with other decentralized cryptographic tokens and cryptocurrencies, the
blockchain used for the Ether Legends™ network is susceptible to mining
attacks, including but not limited to: Double spend attacks, majority mining
power attacks, “selfishmining” attacks, and race condition attacks. Any
successful attacks present a risk to the Ether Legends™ network, expected
proper execution and sequencing of Ether Legends™ markets, and expected
proper execution and sequencing of Ethereum contract computations. Despite
the efforts of the Ether Legends™ Team, the risk of known or novel mining
attacks exists.
12) Risk of Lack of Adoption or Use of the Ether Legends™ Network
While ELEŦ should not be viewed as an investment, it may have value over
time. That value may be limited if the Ether Legends™ network lacks use and
adoption. If this becomes the case, there may be few or no markets upon the
launch of the platform, limiting the value of ELEŦ.
13) Risk of an Illiquid Market for ELEŦ
There are currently no exchanges upon which ELEŦ might trade. If ever
exchanges do develop, they will likely be relatively new and subject to poorly
understood regulatory oversight. They may therefore be more exposed to fraud
and failure than established, regulated exchanges for other products. To the
extent that the exchanges representing a substantial portion of the volume in
ELEŦ trading are involved in fraud or experience security failures or other
operational issues, such exchanges’ failures may result in a reduction in the
value or liquidity of ELEŦ.
14) Risk of Uninsured Losses
Unlike bank accounts or accounts at some other financial institutions, funds
held using the Ether Legends™ or Ethereum network are generally uninsured.
In the event of loss or loss of value, there is no public insurer, such as the
F.D.I.C., or private insurer, to offer recourse to the purchaser.
15) Risk of Dissolution of the Ether Legends™ Project
It is possible that, due to any number of reasons, including without limitation
an unfavorable fluctuation in the value of Bitcoin, unfavorable fluctuation in
the value of ELEŦ, the failure of business relationships, or competing
intellectual property claims, the Ether Legends™ project may no longer be a
viable business and may dissolve or fail to launch.
16) Risk of Malfunction in the Ether Legends™ Network
It is possible that the Ether Legends™ network malfunctions in an unfavorable
way, including but not limited to one that result in the loss of ELEŦ, or
information concerning a market.

Copyright 2017-2018 Elementeum Gaming, LLC

20

ETHER LEGENDS and THE ELEMENTEUM TOKEN
17) Unanticipated Risks
Cryptocurrency and cryptographic tokens are a new and untested technology.
In addition to the risks set forth here, there are risks that the Ether Legends™
team cannot anticipate. Risks may further materialize as unanticipated
combinations or variations of the risks set forth here.

Copyright 2017-2018 Elementeum Games, LLC

