THE AGRO TOKEN
Payment solution for farmers...

EVACASH

whitepaper

CONTENT
1) LEGAL NOTICE................
2) INTRODUCTION.................
3) ABOUT EVA..........................
4) PROBLEM AND SOLUTION...............
5) EVA TOKEN AND ECONOMY.....................
6) ROAD MAP...........................
7) EXCHANGERS............................
8) TEAM............................
9) WEBSITE AND SOCIAL MEDIA.....................
10) TERMS AND CONDITIONS ......................

LEGAL NOTICE
The information provided in this document does not imply contractual obligations.
Its purpose is to provide vital information to potential token holders, which will enable
them to decide the further acquaintance with the initial offer of Evacash to their
possible acquisition.
No sections of this white paper can be defined as a scheme of emission or investment offer of any
kind.
This original Evacash offer is not an offer to sell or buy securities of any jurisdiction.
This document is prepared without regard to any legislative or regulatory acts of jurisdiction
designed to protect investors and are not regulated by those.
Some of the statements, calculations, and financial indicators in this white paper are projected
preliminary information. They can be based on known and unknown risk factors and uncertainties, as
a result of which actual circumstances and results may differ significantly from the following
calculations and results, directly or indirectly provided for such preliminary forecasts.
Your participation in the token distribution program is solely on a voluntary basis. The
distribution program is a crowdfunding voluntary fund-raising campaign.
To be able to participate in it, you must agree to Eva terms and condition.
And please read them carefully before enrolling in the program, make sure that you
understand the requirements and risks described here.

INTRODUCTION
Agriculture is an essential industry in the global economy, countries around the world
engage in agriculture and they trade agro produce among themselves. The People's Republic of China
export cotton, Tea, Rice, Soybeans and more, China is the largest cotton spinner in the world and
the textile industry is also the biggest globally in terms of overall production and exports. China
ranks first in worldwide farm output employing over 300 million farmers.
The agricultural industry worth trillions of dollars with billions of farmers around the world, the
industry is indeed a very large industry. The people's Republic Of Chain as a case study export
over 2trillion u.s dollars worth of agro produce
annually.

CROP
PRODUCTION

Its crop production greatly increased in its first fifty years through organizational and
technological improvements.

1949

1978

YEARS

1999

CROP
1.Grain
2.Cotton
3.Oil-bearing crops
4.Sugarcane
5.Sugarbeet
6.Flue-cured tobaco
7.Tea
8.Fruit
9.Meat
10.Aquatic products

1949 OUTPUT
113,180,000
444,000
2,564,000
2,642,000
191,000
43,000
41,000
1,200,000
2,200,000
450,000

1978 OUTPUT
304,770,000
2,167,000
5,218,000
21,116,000
2,702,000
1,052,000
268,000
6,570,000
8,563,000
4,660,000

1999 OUTPUT
508,390,000
3,831,000
26,012,000
74,700,000
8,640,000
2,185,000
676,000
62,376,000
59,609,000
41,220,000

The People's Republic Of Chain in the year 2000 experienced a fall back of which its main
aquifers led to an overall decrease in grain production, turning China into a net importer. The
trend of Chinese dependence on imported food is expected to accelerate as the water shortage
worsens. However, despite their potential, desalination plants find few customers because it is
still cheaper to over-utilize rivers, lakes and aquifers, even as these are depleted.
As of 2011, China was both the world's largest producer and consumer of agricultural products.
China has increased the budget for agriculture by 20% in 2009, and continues to support energy
efficiency measures, renewable technology, and other efforts with investments, such as the over 30%
green component of the $586bn fiscal stimulus
package announced in November 2008.

Inefficiencies in the agricultural market
Despite the growth in export, the Chinese agricultural industry still faces several challenges.
Farmers in several provinces, such as Shandong, Zhejiang, Anhui, Liaoning, and Xinjiang often have
a hard time selling their agricultural products to customers due to a lack of information. Between
the producing farmer in the countryside and the end-consumer in the
cities or overseas there is a chain of intermediaries.

Farmers often find it difficult to foresee the demand for different types of fruits and vegetables. In order to maximize their profits they, therefore, opt to produce those fruits and
vegetables that created the highest revenues for farmers in the region in the previous year. If,
however, most farmers do so, this causes the supply of fresh products to fluctuate substantially
year on year. Relatively scarce products in one year are produced in excess the following year
because like of expected higher profit margins. The resulting excess supply, however, forces farmers to
reduce their prices and sell at a loss. The scarce, revenue creating products of one year become the
over-abundant, loss-making products in the following, and vice versa.

Efficiency is further impaired in the transportation of agricultural products from the farms to the
actual markets. According to figures from the Commerce Department, up to 25% of fruits and
vegetables rot before being sold, compared to around 5% in a typical developed country. As
intermediaries cannot sell these rotten fruits they pay farmers less than they would if able to
sell all or most of the fruits and vegetables. This reduces farmer’s revenues although the problem
is caused by post-production inefficiencies, which they are not themselves aware of during price
negotiations with intermediaries.

These information and transportation problems highlight inefficiencies in the market mechanisms
between farmers and end consumers, impeding farmers from taking advan- tage of the fast development of the rest of the Chinese economy. The resulting small profit margin does not allow them to
invest in the necessary agricultural inputs (machinery, seeds, fertilizers, etc.) to raise productivity
and improve their standards of living, from which the whole of the Chinese economy would benefit.
This in turn increases the exodus of people from the countryside to the cities, which already face
urbanization issues. [ Ref: Wikipedia - Agriculture in China]

These problems are not peculiar to the Chinese, they are also affecting the agro-industry in Asia
and Africa regions. We have identified these major problems and EVA will channel its project into
resolving the issues: lack of information, network, too many intermediaries and transportation in these
regions.

ABOUT EVA
Eva aim to resolve the inefficiencies in the agricultural market, we will be the only intermediary
between farmers and the agro-industry, we are building an Eco-system that will directly link farms,
farmers and agro-product buyers a.k.a customers despite their border barriers. With our unique agro
platform, we believe we will be able to solve some of the major problems affeccting the agro0industry
mostly in Asia and Africa regions and build a network for farmers and customers also provide them
with a base for information.

There are too many middlemen when it comes to making agro transactions, which counts down to
banks and numerous individuals who act as intermediaries between farmers and their customers, this
accompanies a price which makes the customers pay more while the farmers earn less during the
business transaction.
This traditional network process is not just expensive but also stressful for customers and farmers.
During the course of agro importation and exportation this type of network might put the customer or
farmer at financial risk.

We are developing a Dapp that will serve as a network and base of information for farmers and their
customers, Eva Dapp will allow farmers and customers network and carry out their business transactions easily with the use of the blockchain technology and smart contracts.

Farmers will be able to post their farm produce on the platform while customers will have various farms
to directly buy from at a click of a button. Evacash is the default token of the system. It will be used as a
mode of payment among farmers and customers, it can also be exchanged for some services on the
platform/ecosystem or exchanged for other cryptocurrencies on exchangers and in the nearest future
we will build our unique wallet with internal exchange that will allow farmers and customers directly
exchange these tokens for fiat based on a P2P model.

PROBLEM
Lack of information: Most farmers in the Asia and Africa regions are not informed about the current
state of the market hence they miss out on opportunities in the agroindustry. Many of the farmers end up
losing their farm produce because they have produced crops that are in low demand in the current
market.
Numerous Middlemen: Before most farmers in this region can sell their farm produce they have to
go through a chain of network, these net- work entails of individuals and organisations who are intermediaries between the farmer and the customer. This type of network can be stressful and it will make the
farmer earn less while the customer spends more.

High Fees: In the process of transacting the customer tend to pay more on bank fees.

Financial Risk: The customer or farmer might be exposed to fraud without knowing, there's no tech-

nology that assures the farmer he/she will receive the full payment, while the customer can also lose their
funds.

Border Barriers: International migration laws can also affect agro transactions customers will have to
go through the process of obtain- ing a visa and other travel documents if the farmer is not in the same
region as the customer.

Transportation: The movement of these farm produce after they have been sold can be a huge problem for farmers and their customer. Each farm produce has to be packaged in a special way to avoid
damage of any kind.

SOLUTION
Lack of information: Farmers will be able to subscribe to our information portal where we will keep

them updated with analysis on the current market and farm produce on demand.

Numerous Middlemen: With our Dapp we will link customers to farmers directly so they can buy at a
cheaper rate and experience a fair business transaction.

High Fees: Customers wouldn't have to pay in fiat, though there will be a fiat payment option on the

platform. However, if both parties agree to transact in Evacash they will pay less on transaction fees compared to what they will pay if they transact with fiat.

Financial Risk: We will use smart contract to protect our users from fraud when they pay in Evacash.

Our built-in escrow program will also protect both parties from fraud if they choose to transact with fiat.
However, the fiat escrow service might attract little fees in Evacash which can be paid in fiat but will automatically be converted to Evacash after the transaction.

Border Barriers: With our unique platform customers from all over the world can buy from any farm

without crossing their borders or even leaving their bed they can utilize our Dapp to find a trusted farm
and order any farm produce at the click of a button.

Transportation: In the nearest future we will have a transport service that will aid farmers and customers with the movement of their farm produce.

EVACASH AND ECONOMY
Evascash is governed by the EVA community and its value can only be determined by its supply and
demand.
EVA is a global alternative currency to fiat, a peer-to-peer (P2P) version of electronic cash that allows online
payments to be sent directly from one party to another without going through a financial institution and
government interference.

EVACASH USECASE
Evacash will be used for payment between farmers and their customers on our Dapp, It will also be used in
exchange for other services EVA has to offer in the future. We believe as more and more farmers/customers
use our services it will gradually increase the demand for Evacash on the crypto market.

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION

Founder&Team 10%
Airdrop&Bounty 5%
Pre-sale&Ico 35%
Advisors 5%
Reserve 5%
Swap 40%
Contract Address: 0xba14b245d449965bd-

beb630ebe135b569474f5b1

TOKEN INFO
Name: EVACASH
Sysmbol: EVC
Decimal: 6
Type: ECR20
Total Supply: 1,000,000 EVC
Contract Address: 0xba14b245d449965bdbeb630ebe135b569474f5b1

ROADMAP

TEAM
A wonderful growth has been achievable due to the tireless work of Eva project team, and their vast experience on both blockchain and agriculture. We strongly believe that the global growth through the mass
adoption of our project, our extraordinary fast transaction time and token total circulation are the reason
why Evacash’s distribution remains strong and one of its kind in cryptocurrency world.

Michael Collier
Ceo Eva Cash

Oluwamayowa Faluyi
Strategist And Advisor

WEBSITE AND SOCIAL MEDIA
Website: http://theevacash.com/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/evacash_token
Telegram: https://t.me/evacash
Btt: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=5076975.new#new

Terms and conditions

The following Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) govern the sale of cryptographic tokens – EVC (hereby
referred to as “EVC”). The Token distri- bution is managed by EVC to provide the the token and reserve the
purchases of the EVC to be issued and executed through The EVC Team to purchasers of EVC (“Purchasers”
collectively, and “Purchaser” individually). This document is not a solicitation for investment and does not
pertain in any way to an offering of securities in any jurisdic- tion. This document describes the Token
distribution in which the token (EVC) is sold.
Ownership of EVC during the Token distribution carries no rights ex- press or implied. Purchases of
EVC are non-refundable. Purchasers should have no expectation of influence over governance of the
plat- form. By participating in the sale of EVC, you expressly acknowledge and represent that you
have carefully reviewed the Terms and fully understand the costs, and benefits of purchasing EVC
and agree to be bound by these Terms. As set forth below, you further represent and warrant that,
to the extent permitted by law, you are authorized to purchase EVC in your relEVCnt jurisdiction,
are of a legal age to be bound by these Terms, and will not hold EVC, its parent and affiliates,
and the officers, directors, agents, joint ventures, employees and sup- pliers of EVC or our parent
or affiliates, now or in the future and any other member of the EVC Team (collectively the “EVC
Team & Parties”) liable for any losses or any special, incidental, or consequential damages arising out of, or
in anyway connected to the sale of EVC.

