Eximchain: Supply Chain Finance solutions on a secured
public, permissioned blockchain hybrid
Juan Huertas , Hope Liu and Sarah Robinson
Date of Whitepaper: March 13th 2018 V6

ABSTRACT

ships. SCF enables buyers to optimize working capital and
suppliers to generate additional operating cash flow while simultaneously minimizing risk across the entire supply chain.
More specifically, SCF enables buyers and sellers to shrink
their inventories, collect money from customers faster and
delay payments to their suppliers. Citi recently completed
a working capital study that showed companies managing
working capital through SCF were able to reduce these assets by 30%, resulting in EPS (earning per share) increases
in the range of 1% to 4%. Furthermore, the top 10% of companies that reduced their CCC (cash conversion cycle) were
rewarded with a 30% stock price appreciation[2].

Eximchain brings visibility to global supply chain finance
(SCF) through smart contracts. We build a public, permissioned chain for small-and-medium enterprise (SME) buyers
and suppliers to create supply chain optimization tools and
gain access to affordable capital sources to grow their businesses. Our smart contract-based ecosystem allows SMEs to
quickly implement customized SCF solutions or issue digital tokens on a permissioned fork of Ethereum supporting
data privacy. We adopt a consensus protocol and quadratic
voting based governance model to provide practical, finite
time security guarantees on our public, permissioned blockchain hybrid. From financing to procure-to-pay, our products
utilize smart contracts to optimize the global supply chain
for buyers, suppliers, and financiers. Eximchain is an official
candidate of the Blockchain Regulatory Sandbox Program
in Guiyang, China and a member of EEA (Enterprise Ethereum Alliance).

1.

3.

According to the International Finance Corporation (IFC),
small to medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in developing countries face a financing gap totaling over $2 trillion[3]. In China
alone, the vast majority of the 40 million SMEs remain unserved by existing financial resources[4]. This financing gap
is particularly concerning because, as cited by the World
Bank, SMEs contribute up to 60% of total employment and
up to 40% of GDP in developing markets[5]. Innovative SCF
solutions offer a powerful tool for SME buyers, suppliers and
financiers to overcome this funding gap[6]. Innovations in
this space have traditionally been driven by large corporations and banks in the field; however, cutting edge financial technologies offer new opportunities to extend the benefits of SCF to businesses of all sizes. According to a 2015
McKinsey Report, of the $20 billion potential revenue pool
that exists for implemented SCF programs, only $2 billion
is being captured today[7]. One primary issue inhibiting the
widespread adoption of SCF programs among SMEs is that
they currently lack a trusted tool that provides transparency
to eliminate information asymmetry problems. Beyond this,
there are quite a number of difficulties for adoption of SCF
programs on a global scale:

ABOUT EXIMCHAIN

Eximchain project was kicked off in 2015 at MIT (Massachusetts Institute of Technology) by a team with decades of
academic and industry experience in computer science, banking and global supply chain across the world. Our vision
is to use blockchain technology to bring the global supply
chain into the digital era and lower financing barriers for
SMEs. The project has received valuable mentorship and
guidance from the MIT Media Lab Digital Currency Initiative, MIT Center for Transportation and Logistics, and Plug
And Play Fintech Accelerator. The project was chosen as the
Grand Champion of the 2016 Boston Seagull Entrepreneurship Contest, the Engine of Innovation Prize of the 2016
Rice Business Plan Competition, and a Finalist of the 2017
MIT $100K Business Plan Competition Accelerate.

2.

THE PROBLEM

SUPPLY CHAIN FINANCE OVERVIEW

First of all, any supply chain strategy cannot be determined
in isolation. The market for SCF programs is inherently dynamic: exogenous factors, such as interest rates, and endogenous factors, such as inventory decisions and capital constraints, influence the evolution of the system.

Traditionally, supply chain management has focused on
the material flow of physical goods from manufacturers to
end consumers. However, the recent global economic downturn demonstrated that managing financial flows within the
supply chain can be as important as managing physical flows
of goods and services[1]. Supply chain finance (SCF), one
of the most exciting and promising new products emerging
in the banking industry, is a set of technology-based business and financing processes that allow financiers to fund an
organization’s operations through its supply chain relation-

Furthermore, the complexity of implementing SCF across
the global supply chain limits its adoption. It takes tremendous effort to onboard suppliers and integrate the process
with the existing operational flow by involving finance, procurement, and IT departments inside the organization.
1

ted information displayed in contracts, it is hard for banks
to understand the market expectation and real dynamic between buyers and suppliers to mitigate risk. In 2014, a Chinese trading company, Dezheng Resources, and its subsidiaries
were alleged to have used duplicate receipts to pledge metal
as collateral for loans. The result was a flurry of lawsuits,
including the UK High Court case between Mercuria and
Citi, over exposure to a $270 million financing deal[10]. The
Eximchain platform provides access to smart contract history between two parties, which grants banks more visibility
into the supply chain operations and enables them to better estimate the risk of a transaction. Furthermore, access to
this smart contract information will provide other financiers,
beyond traditional banks and lenders, with an opportunity
to fund and generate value off of these transactions.

Last but not least, it is difficult to align incentives among
different participants. Suppliers, buyers and financiers are
independent decision makers attempting to maximize profits
in the face of asymmetric cost structures and uncertainties.
Such independent profit maximizations often lead to poor
performance of the entire supply chain.
The Eximchain platform solves these challenges by offering
seamless integration into the existing workflow of SMEs and
enabling developers to create customized tools for specific
businesses and industry use cases.

4.

OUR SOLUTION

Eximchain offers a platform to implement smart contract
based SCF solutions on a permissioned fork of Ethereum
supporting data privacy. Our ecosystem will enable SMEs to
gain access to affordable capital sources by giving financiers
visibility into the supply chain cash flow. The first game
theory-based application we plan to build, Multi-Party
Dynamic Contracting*, (details to be described under
Appendix- Use Case Example) will be designed in such a
way that no partner can improve his profit by deciding to
deviate from the optimal set of decisions. That is, there is
no incentive for the buyer, the supplier, nor the financier to
deviate from the set of actions that will achieve the globally optimal solution. The implementation is executed by the
consensus of the network in a standard, automated, private, and auditable fashion. From the user’s perspective, after
making the initial input and setting up the negotiation rule,
they can receive the negotiation result from a “black box”
where the system automatically executes an optimization
engine through multi-stage coordination until Nash Equilibrium is reached and each participant’s incentive is aligned.

Eximchain allows developers to create variations on supply
contracts secured by the network and build solutions that are
customized to their global supply chain. Currently, supply
chain partners use a variety of solutions to align incentives
and mitigate inventory risk, including: buybacks, quantity
discounts, revenue-sharing and two-part tariffs contracts. On
the Eximchain platform, developers can build customized
solutions based on specific industry needs, user dynamics
and market competition. Banks and anchor buyers can easily scale the solution on the global supply chain by involving
upstream and downstream players. Although these solutions
will be varied, the contracting process will be highly standardized and can be seamlessly integrated into the bidding
process and other supply chain management tools.
Customized negotiation rules:
Each graph represents one state transaction. The negotiation will end after all parties reach Nash Equilibrium based
on the negotiation rules set by each party. Grey arrows represent locked status while green arrows represent unlocked
status.

Buyers and suppliers can automate contracting processes
with the Eximchain network. Suppliers and buyers normally have different and conflicting objectives. For instance,
suppliers want buyers to commit themselves to purchasing
large quantities of products in stable volumes with flexible delivery dates. Conversely, buyers need to be flexible to
their customers’ needs and changing demands. The difficulty
with global optimization is that it requires firms to surrender decision-making power to an unbiased decision maker.
Additionally, establishing trust between the supplier and
the buyer is difficult to achieve. For example ,in January
2013, the Walt Disney Company sued Blockbuster, accusing
them of cheating its video unit of approximately $120 million under a four-year revenue-sharing agreement[8]. Through
the Eximchain platform, buyers and suppliers can carefully
design supply contracts to maximize profit on the supply
chain with more visibility into demand, inventory and upstream/downstream operations through a trusted and secured network. Additionally, interactions and agreements are
saved automatically with a traceable record.

Private channel coordination:
Each communication channel is private where only the involved parties can see the information provided during each
negotiation. The system runs automatically based on pre-set
inputs and only updates state of each negotiation cycle for
involved parties.

Financiers will be onboarded to the network with aligned
incentives. In the real marketplace, suppliers and buyers frequently finance their working capital from a variety of credit
sources, such as banks, and incur significant financing costs.
Studies have shown that under the assumption of positive
inventory financing costs, traditional supply contracts fail
to achieve joint profit maximization[9]. Based on the limi2

5.

VALUE FOR OUR STAKEHOLDERS

up to 15% of annual working capital loan for SMEs can be
unlocked either by paying less to cover margin deposits or
by eliminating the fee of the third-party guarantee company.

Financiers:

On the buyer side, a company with $10 million in revenue
and a 60% cost of goods sold (COGS) ratio can experience
a cash flow increase of $16.7k per day of extended payables ($10m * 60%/360 days=$16.7k). Parlaying that into a
60-day term extension on trade-credit would result in a potential annual working capital/cash flow benefit of $1 million
for the buyer ($16.7k * 60=$1m).

Risk Mitigation
We enable dynamic, real-time monitoring of supply chain
financing processes to provide visibility into the whole supply chain’s operations. Lenders can now better understand
the actions taken by end purchasers and upstream suppliers
of each deal to better assess risk. With the combination of
a “Purchase Money Security Agreement” (PMSA)[11], also known as purchase money security interest, on the loan,
which makes the lender the first claimant of the collateral
related to the loan in the case of default, the financiers gains
a much better estimation on the risk and return of the investment despite all external uncertainties.

Credit Rate Arbitration
The Eximchain platform enables anchor buyers to take advantage of their comparatively better credit ratings to offer
SCF programs to fund their suppliers in return for extended
terms, lower prices, and improved long-term relationships.
In this “buyer-driven” model, the anchor buyer becomes the
financier in the ecosystem.

Operational Efficiency
With more information about the trade, the financier could
more accurately set the rating and risk factor. Increased
transparency over trade transactions tends to lower the risk
factor and thus risk equivalent, which improves efficiency
in operation and management of the loan. By digitalizing
and standardizing the contracting process, financiers save
the overhead effort of processing paperwork, understanding
different terms, and going through multiple levels of manual
review to make a final decision about the credit they are
issuing.

For example, if a supplier’s access to capital is 5 percentage points higher than the buyer’s 2.25% financing rate, a
simple calculation will show the buyer that a 30-day invoice
for $500k can be extended to 96 days without adding costs to
the supplier. On the other hand, if the buyer were to maintain the 30-day payment terms, the supplier could achieve a
reduced carrying cost of approximately $2,083( representing
0.4% of the $500k contract). Armed with this knowledge,
the buyer could negotiate a price reduction based on all, or
some portion, of these savings. For a company with $10 billion in revenues and $600 million in COGS, even a 0.4% drop
would equate to $2.4 million in savings[14].

Investment Opportunity
In the traditional corporate financing scheme, the financiers would be banks, focused on assessing the borrower’s
historical credit, capital position, collaterals and guarantees
of the companies in the supply chain that they are providing
credit to. However, in the SCF view, financiers could be any
investor or anchor buyer who is capable of assessing and taking the credit risk of the SCF product. Our solution will
lower the barrier to entry for financiers in the global supply
chain, and will allow institutional investors and accredited
individual investors who are looking for short-duration, low
risk and highly collateralized credit products to offer alternative funding sources to SMEs in the future.

Buyers and Suppliers:
Working Capital Management
By adopting our solutions, suppliers facing difficulties obtaining affordable credit will now be able to access capital
through banks or alternative sources. Capital-constrained
buyers who rely on direct financing from a financial institution can obtain trade-credit in addition to standard contracts
to subsidize their costs of inventory financing and improve
their working capital.

Supply Chain Optimization
The Eximchain platform also helps participants achieve
global optimization, without the need for an unbiased decision maker, by allowing them to share the supply chain’s risk
and the potential benefit. Below is an example to quantify
the value created for the supply chain based on a dynamic
contract between a supplier and buyer:

Given the lack of transparency of the supply chain, we see
that most SMEs rely on margin money deposits for bank
guarantees[12] or factoring houses to get loans. For example,
in China, banks normally require 5-20% of the loan amount
as a margin deposit depending on the credit risk of a SME.
Fees charged by factoring houses can run as high as 15%
of the loan amount every year[13]. With the combination
of a PMSA and improved clarity on each deal, potentially

Assume the price of a product for the end customer is
3

$125 per unit, the wholesale price paid by the retailer to the
manufacturer is $80 per unit, the fixed production cost for
manufacturer is $100k, the variable production cost per unit
is $35, and any item unsold in the end has a salvage value
of $20. This implies that the retailer’s marginal profit for
selling a unit: $45, is smaller than the marginal loss: $60*.
The optimal order quantity depends on marginal profit and
marginal loss. So the retailer’s optimal policy is to order
12k units for an average profit of $470k as shown on below
graph Profit vs. Order Quantity. If the retailer places this
order, the manufacturer’s profit is $400k ((12k*($80-$35))$100k=$440k). Note that in this case, the retailer assumes
all of the risk of having more inventory than sales.

problems. We recognize that partnerships and a minimum
viable ecosystem (MVE), rather than a minimum viable
product, are crucial to successfully bringing a new blockchain solution to market.
MVE: The smallest configuration of elements that can be
brought together and still create unique commercial value

MVE
Combining a Blockchain, SDK, and Platform layer is necessary to bring enough players to bear for a healthy minimum viable network. Eventually, others will be able to develop solutions on our platform and make them immediately
available to parties on the chain. In order for a blockchain to
work, the computers on the system must validate and agree
that a transaction was completed. This is accomplished by
agreeing on a sequence of ’blocks’ which each contain a set
of transactions. BTC, for example, incentivizes participation in consensus by rewarding the first user to propose and
validate a new block at each canonical height. Importantly, our design draws a distinction between nodes capable of
proposing and validating blocks.

By using a Buy-Back Contract where the manufacturer
offers to buy unsold items from the retailer for $55, the retailer’s marginal profit: $45, is now greater than its marginal
loss: $35, thus motivating the retailer to order more than
average demand. In this case, the retailer has an incentive
to increase its order quantity to 14k units, for a profit of
$513.8k, while the manufacturer’s average profit increases
to $471.9k. Thus, the total average profit for the two parties
increases from $910.7k, (=$470,7k+$440k) in the sequential supply chain to $985.7k (=$513.8k + $471.9k) when a
Buy-Back Contract is used. The Eximchain platform allows
the retailer and manufacturer (i.e. the buyer and supplier)
to share the additional $75k in profit generated from this
contract based on their consensus[8].

Blockchain
Technical challenges with blockchain technology have kept
corporate players at bay. At the time of this writing, further research and development for the full potential of this
technology to be realized are required on the Bitcoin and
Ethereum main nets. These are:
Scalability- All smart contract code must be executed
by all participants on the network.
Privacy- All information on a public blockchain is visible
to all participants to read.
Faced with the choice of waiting for Ethereum to end the
Ice Age[15] and release Casper in the coming years, or building on recently produced viable solutions in this area, we
have chosen to leapfrog the Ethereum Roadmap by leveraging Quorum, an enterprise focused version of Ethereum
released by JP Morgan. Quorum allows us to leverage Constellation[16] and a minimal Ethereum client fork to offer:

*– Marginal profit/loss is the profit/loss of a firm or individual when one
additional unit is produced and sold. Marginal profit and loss determine the
optimal ordering quantity- the ordering quantity that gives the maximized
profit for a firm or individual.

Supply Chain Provenance
Using smart contracts and a token system, Eximchain can
expand the supplier-buyer-financier model and help buyers
to gain visibility over the whole supply chain by interacting
with upstream suppliers.

Confidentiality- private transactions secured by the network

Process Automation

Performance- performance increases to handle the load
that complex private transactions place on the network.

Eximchain helps to automate the negotiation and contracting process through private communication channels. Both
buyers and suppliers can stop wasting time on tracking the
supply chain process flow manually and will, instead, be able to maintain an audit of the final agreed upon contract in
real-time through Eximchain’s trustless network and secured
protocol.

6.

Consensus- permissioned consensus and governance rules to drive new economic incentives at the protocol level.
Quorum, and therefore Eximchain, is designed to develop
and evolve alongside Ethereum. Because it only minimally
modifies Ethereum’s core, we are able to incorporate the
majority of Ethereum updates quickly and seamlessly[17]
.
At the lowest level, we are modifying how the ethereum client protocol enables consensus and permissions the
blockchain. Our blockchain distinguishes between participants that can validate blocks and participants that can
propose blocks. The latter allows us to both secure priva-

ECOSYSTEM

Introduction
Eximchain streamlines complex multi-party transactions
in SCF by using blockchain to solve information asymmetry
4

te transactions on the network and incentivize developers to
participate in the evolution of our environment.

Maker Nodes
Maker Nodes are responsible for proposing blocks and
their addresses are registered in the BlockVoting contract.
The initial set of Maker Nodes is pre-configured in the genesis block and will be comprised of our initial token holders
who we expect will add strategic value to the project, however once the network is established, this will begin to change
as described below.
Maker Nodes will have the responsibility of voting in a
new Maker Node every governance cycle. Nodes can opt to
become Maker Nodes if they are KYC approved and voted
in by an agreed threshold of existing Maker Nodes according
to the Quadratic Voting Governance Mechanism.

Validator Nodes
Consensus

Validator Nodes help to secure the network and they are
also registered in the BlockVoting contract. They are responsible for voting to determine which block will be the
canonical hash at a particular height. Like Maker Nodes,
the initial set of Validator Nodes is pre-configured in the genesis block.[18]

Rather than proof-of-work (mining), Eximchain uses a
vote-based consensus algorithm that forks QuorumChain to
add a few governance rules. The governance mechanism is
included in the appendix for completeness; implementation
details can be found here.

Settlement Finality

Registered Voter Nodes

The recent development on Istanbul BFT (Byzantine Fault
Tolerance), which will be incorporated into Quorum, ensures
settlement finality and speeds up settlement time to under 1
second from the current tens of seconds to tens of minutes.

7.

Registered Voter Nodes tie real world identities of nodes.
All nodes (including Maker Nodes, Validator Nodes, and
other network participants) are required to register to vote
in order to participate in network governance mechanism.
Registered Voter Nodes will have the responsibility of voting
out a Maker Node every governance cycle and may be voted
in as Maker Nodes once the network is established.

GOVERNANCE

The reason why Eximchain chose to use Quorum is because the current proof of work-based blockchains like Bitcoin
and Ethereum are not ready for enterprise-grade solutions
(details to be described under Appendix- Motivation). We
believe the incentives of developer pools, clients, and corporates contributing value to the ecosystem must be aligned
at the protocol level. This governance model can be applied
to other public, permissioned blockchains that are looking
to address similar issues.

Governance Analysis
It is important to consider the evolution of the system and
stakeholders in the face of dishonest nodes (traitors) and incentive driven collusion.
Recent developments in permissioned distributed ledger
technology (DLT) have enabled us to design novel consensus
rules that allow for a fundamental change in the underlying
incentive mechanism and actors that underlie the consensus
protocol of permissioned, public chains.

Our proposed quadratic voting-based governance model
allows for a series of checks and balances between nodes. We
analyze how a voting system-based consensus model draws
a clear line between safety and liveness: the percent vote required for consensus trades safety for speed. We analyze the
counter balance of power between actors in the system, proposing a model that discourages collusion and analyzes the
robustness of the protocol to keep block proposers and validators in check under: independent choice, coordinated
choice, and a bribing adversary. We conclude by analyzing several failure modes of the system and subsequent
recovery.

The desired outcome is to keep a cohort of dishonest nodes from gaining control of the block proposal mechanism
or forking the chain, while bootstrapping a cohort of honest
nodes with vested interest to protect the network and punish
potential traitors. In the face of an undefeatable adversary
leading to mechanism failure we analyze the time, collusion,
and resources required for such an attack.
While not strictly necessary for the purposes of this analysis, it is important to keep in mind the real world identities
behind these nodes will largely represent corporate incentives in the global supply chain and development communities. Ultimately, we believe the incentives of these stakeholders must be aligned at the protocol level. It follows that
developers have a vested interest and duty to secure the infrastructure their applications, clients and corporates rely
on. Similarly, clients and end-users have a vested interest

Voting Smart Contract[17]
Quorum Consensus Process Flow [17]
Quorum Consensus Block Creation [17]
Quorum Consensus Block Voting [17]
5

in ensuring honest development that improves the ecosystem, as well as a vested interest in punishing freeloaders on
the network. The latter reflects our view that Maker Nodes should represent developer pools, motivating clients and
end-users to become Registered Voter Nodes to participate
in governance.

years and coordination of 683 parties. Each must be capable of convincing honest nodes representing the developer
pools, clients, and corporates that they are contributing value to the system throughout the duration of the attack to
keep any of them from being voted out at each governance
cycle and extending the minimum attack period.

In all cases, while attacks on the network yield several failure cases, the confidentiality of private data stored on the
blockchain is preserved. That is to say, protocol or governance failure does not necessarily entail breach of security
to private data as long as private keys remain secure.

Undefeatable Bribing Adversary
Assume an undefeatable bribing adversary who by a set of
highly unlikely events, knows exactly which nodes will propose the next sequence of n blocks and the price required
to bribe each one to propose a tampered block. Assume all
nodes will commit treason for a price, the undefeatable bribing adversary has resources k at his disposal, and is driven
by profit incentive. We analyze the cost of such an attack,
m, over a sequence of n blocks.

Adversary under independent choice
The consensus algorithm and governance is not fully open
to any client issuing commands. Under independent choice,
stakeholders have no incentive to deviate from the protocol
as their attack would be defeated by the network. Nodes
cannot single-handedly confirm the proposed block at each
canonical height. Maker Nodes who deviate from the protocol would reveal their intentions to the network, placing
themselves at risk of being voted off the Maker Node pool in
the next governance cycle. Both Maker Nodes and Validator
Nodes have a history of who voted them into the system, by
a majority Maker Node vote and by invitation respectively; in this way the reputation of known traitors is linked to
other nodes on the system (and real world entities) visible
to anyone in the voting smart contract.

Let b[1], b[2], . . . , b[n] be nonnegative integers that denote the price required to bribe each block-proposer to confirm
the proposed block at each canonical height, over n blocks.
A k-strategy is a sequence that allows the adversary to control block proposal over a sequence of n blocks for a price m.
1 ≤ b1 < s1 < b2 < s2 < .... < bm < sm ≤ n,
where m is a positive integer less than or equal to k. The
profit corresponding to the strategy is the total reward obtained if you bribe the network for b1, and profit s1 from
controlling a fixed number of transactions for one block, bribing the network for 2 blocks at b2, profiting s2 from controlling a fixed number of transactions for two blocks, and so
forth. If the adversary can calculate the profit from controlling each proposed block p[1], . . . , p[n] it is trivial to design
an algorithm for the adversary to compute a k-strategy with
maximum profit.

Adversary under coordinated choice
Assume an undefeatable, coordinating, racket of dishonest
nodes who by a series of governance cycles gain control of
a majority of block maker nodes that would allow them to
control block proposal to deviate from the protocol. The
consensus algorithm is not fully open to any client issuing
commands; taking control of block maker governance requires traitors to be voted into the block maker pool.

Governance Level Attack
A similar k strategy could be designed to control governance over n vote cycles at cost m to an undefeatable bribing
adversary.

Assume all nodes in the initial block maker pool of size k,
under irrational choice, consecutively vote into the pool: an
undefeatable coordinating racket of dishonest block maker
nodes of size, m, over a sequence of n governance cycles. We
analyze the cost, coordination and time required to launch
an optimal attack and fool the network.

Our governance model is unique in that nodes have the
responsibility of periodically voting out Block Maker nodes
counterbalanced by block maker nodes being able to appoint
a replacement. We make an analogy to Block Makers as
generals and other nodes registered to vote as soldiers to
reason in laymen terms. You can say that governance level
attacks are part of the protocol and built into the system
to discourage majority collusion. Under similar assumptions
as above, we expect generals (Block Makers) to appeal to
soldiers (registered voters) to defend their status. A coalition
that controls over 12 of tokens could vote out any general
they chose, we expect this to incentivize generals to spin up
soldiers in their control to defend their status the only way
the protocol allows: by voting out another general not in
their coalition, simultaneously improving network security.

Let b[1], b[2], . . . , b[n] denote the nodes added to the
block maker pool and s[1], s[2], . . . , s[n] the nodes removed
from the block maker pool over n governance cycles length
T. A k-strategy is a sequence that allows the coordinated
adversaries to control block proposal after a sequence of n
governance cycles by voting in m nodes without replacement.
(b1, s1) → (b2, s2) → ..... (bm, sm) ; m ≤ n,
where worst case, m=n and m > 31 k, assuming a traitor
is added each cycle and an honest node is removed. If the
adversaries can assure the above, it is left up to the reader
to see coordination of the attack requires collusion of 13 k
nodes over a minimum attack duration, P = 31 kT before
our strong assumption of k honest initial nodes fails.

Governance Hardening
Assuming an initial token supply of X tokens, we analyze
the case where an adversary owns X-1 tokens and is attempting to gain control of the governance mechanism. We
analyze the minimum cost of controlling a sequence of n
governance cycles with length T of an undefeatable attack

For a concrete example, k= 2048, T = 2 weeks , a perfectly
coordinated attack to control block proposal would take 26
6

strategy. We analyze the cost and time required from an
undefeatable adversary to maintain control of the network.
Our governance model implements quadratic voting making the cost of each v votes for a governance decision cost v 2
tokens, all tokens paid are then redistributed equally among
the voting pool. To assure control of the first governance
cycle, the adversary must place 2 votes at a cost v[1]2 = 4
tokens, controlling X- 5 of the token supply in the second
cycle, to assure control of the next cycle, the adversary must
place 6 votes at cost v[2]2 = 36 to beat the possible 5 votes
against his governance decision; this can continue to scale
this way until v[k] where the marginal cost of k nodes voting against the adversary increases:

be realized in the infancy of the network.

Quadratic Voting
Nodes can make v votes for a governance decision by paying v 2 tokens, from there it’s just a majority vote. All funds
raised are returned by giving back to each individual in the
voting pool,1/(voting pool-1) of the funds paid by the voter. The theory is that if someone gains x from a decision
being made, and each vote has a probability p of being pivotal, then they have the incentive to keep buying votes for
as long as the price of the next vote is less than px. Because
the total price of v votes is v 2 , and we know from calculus
that the derivative of v 2 is 2v, users will have the incentive to keep spending tokens until 2v > px; hence, they will
spend v = px/2 tokens. You can see from this math that the
number of tokens that a voter buys should be proportional
to x, ie. the amount that they gain from the decision being
made. Hence, the number of votes that a voter makes should
actually reflect the strength of their preference, and not just
which option they prefer.[19]

(votes1, cost1) → (votes2, cost2) ... → (votesn, costn)
Optimal Defense : (1, 1) → (4 , 4) → (25, 25) → (676,
676) → (k-1 , k-1)
Optimal Attack: (2, 4) → (5 , 25) → (26, 676) → (677,
458329) → (k, k2 )

Finite Attack Window
Sequence of optimal voting decisions for an attacker would
cost:

It would be irresponsible of us to claim undefeatable adversaries are unlikely in practice* or claim that the protocol will defend the network indefinitely, rather we choose to
err toward practical guarantees that ensure network safety
by attempting to bound the minimum attack period and
cost of an undefeatable adversary. It follows shortly that
given an unbounded amount of time a determined enough
undefeatable adversary would eventually be able to launch
a successful attack. The only way to hedge against this is to
ensure a finite possible attack period in a similar time scale
to the minimum attack period of an undefeatable adversary.
In 100 years, the voting contract will suicide halting all further change of state in the network, triggering open-source
licences on any remaining proprietary portions of our software.

1 + 4 + 25 + 676 + 458329 + 210066388900 + ... + v[k]2 <
X − 1/2
By correctly parameterizing the system it is possible to
prove an adversary can control a bounded number of governance cycles that can be defeated by k honest nodes.

Counter Measures
The premise of attack from a bribing adversary is a valid
concern if we are to expect the value of the network to scale
as the square of connected users [Metcalf’s Law]. Perhaps
unsurprisingly, distributed concentrations of wealth and a
smaller block size discourage bribing people to deviate from
the protocol for profit incentive. In practice, the non deterministic choice of block proposers using random timeouts
limits the calculation of such a k-strategy by an undefeatable bribing adversary. The cost of the k-strategy to launch
a governance or protocol level attack scales inversely to the
percentage of validators required for block confirmation and
number of nodes on the network. Our proposed governance
model allows for a series of checks and balances between nodes. We are experimenting on mechanism design trade offs
on our testnet and will make our results public in the coming
year.

*For example a single blockchain enabling Export/Import (or any other
value exchange for that matter) could become a military or terrorist target.

Bootstrap Mechanisms
QVEC- Quadratic Voting on Ethereum Chain

8.

Peacekeepers

APPLICATION

At a higher level, we are creating a smart contract SDK.
The smart contract SDK layer will allow developers to build
applications from basic components, accelerating development of future SCF solutions.

These are k = safety factor * initial token holders participant nodes originally launched as block makers to defend the
network and are registered in the voting contract as part of
the bootstrap mechanism; these nodes participate in consensus but are forced to abstain at each governance cycle.
They will be first to be voted off the block proposer pool
to make room for new Maker nodes, allowing the ecosystem
to become fully decentralized over time while ensuring the
minimum attack period of an undefeatable adversary cannot

We want to enable the engineering of monetary systems
and make implementation of monetary theory, economics
and law accessible to developers. The first step is enabling the implementation of systems that can be reduced
to modeling the strategic interaction between two or mo7

Strategy Computation Machine

re players,specifically in situations containing a set of rules, outcomes, and desired objectives. Participants can build
supply chain applications on top of the Eximchain smart
contract SDK:

We consider the design of Computational Game-Theoretic
Frameworks - machine games, where we replace strategies by
Turing machines (smart contracts)[20]. For example, given
the state of a game, a strategy computation machine may
return a distribution over possible actions, the complexity of
the computation depends on implementation of the machine
but the interface can be clearly defined.

Our aim is to show developers how our SDK easily supports complex multi party transactions, enabling them to
build applications and other supply chain finance products
on top of our ecosystem.

Smart Contract SDK

Platform development status and plan

Financing: Through instant and transparent proof of order verification on blockchain, suppliers seize early payment
discounts to improve working capital and buyers seize credit
arbitrage opportunity.

Q3-Q4 2017
Signed letter of intents from 9 companies including SMEs,
a listed company in China and a cross-border e-commerce
platform.

Procure-to-Pay: Participatants can maintain an audit of
the final agreed upon contract in each step of the procureto-pay process in real-time through a trustless network and
secured protocol.

A Strategic Cooperation Agreement with Guiyang Hightech Industrial Development Zone Management Commission
and Guiyang Big Data Development and Management Commission, China.

Sourcing: Sourcing platforms or rating agents can use the
Proof of Existence (PoE) functionality- document time stamping, verifying document integrity, demonstrating data ownership without revealing data, to provide independently verifiable reputation data.

Current Stage (Q4 2017- Q1 2018)
Governance hardening

Inventory Management: By sharing real-time demand information cross the supply chain, participants can make better inventory plans and automate the reconciliation process
across different ledgers and systems to save time and reduce
cost.

First POC in Supply Chain Sourcing
Large scale network testing
Token Generation Event

Supply Chain Optimization: Using Multi-Party Dynamic
Contracts - a combination of private channels and a configurable state machine to coordinate a confidential bi-level
stackelberg SCF negotiation (as described in Appendix).

In the next few months, Eximchain will launch several
testnets and onboard SMEs to execute smart contract based solutions through the network.
Release 2.0 (Q2 to Q3 2018)

Supplier Management: Using smart contracts and a token
system, Eximchain can help buyers to gain visibility over the
whole supply chain by interacting with upstream suppliers
but still maintain privacy on each transaction level.

Native Token Swap
Mainnet Launch

Risk Mitigation: Eximchain enables dynamic, real-time
monitoring of supply chain processes to provide visibility
into the whole supply chain’s operations. Participants can
manage risks in one place.

First Governance Cycle
Second POC in Supply Chain Financing or Inventory/Logistics
Management
First SDK Release

Private channels
Release 3.0 (Q4 2018 to Q1 2019)

Series of confidential two way channels coordinated by the
FSM (Finite State Machine).

Second SDK release
Second Governance Cycle

FSM
Coordinates rules and implements mechanisms modeling
the strategic interaction between two or more players. Takes
the shape of coordinating information exchange between a
number of two way private channels through a semaphore
notion and embedded mechanism design.

Third POC in Supply Chain Financing or Inventory/Logistics
Management
Over the next 15-18 months, our platform will enable participants in the global supply chain to launch their own supply chain management tools using our smart contract SDK.
8

9.

TEAM AND ADVISORS

Mainland China.
Can Kisagun is a co-founder at Enigma- a data-driven
crypto investment platform that raised $45m during Token
Generation Event in 2017. Previously Can worked at McKinsey & Company for 3 years focusing primarily on finance and
banking engagements. Can holds an MBA from MIT Sloan
and BS in Industrial Engineering from Northwestern University. Prior to Enigma, Can was a co-founder of Eximchain.
Peter Missine established himself as an independent strategy consultant after a few years at McKinsey & Co. Prior
to his MBA at MIT Sloan, Peter spent five years as an international commodity trader on three continents for Louis
Dreyfus Commodities (LDC). At LDC he also worked with
international trade flows, supply chains, transfer pricing and
anti-dumping.
Manmeet Singh is currently the managing partner of Blockseed Venture, Expert-in-Residence at Chinaaccelerator and
the Investment Advisor for Nanjing Municipal Government.
He previously run an Asia focused financial advisory firm
and was the China Representative of ICIC Bank.
William Peckham is the Managing Partner of Proteus
Growth, a cross border strategy consulting firm based out
of Beijing, as well as China Operating Partner of HigherOrder VC, a crypto currency fund. He has served as an advisor to numerous foreign tech startups in China including
Robomed, Enigma, Rogue Initiative, INS Ecosystem, and
Quintype.

Team
Hope Liu, CEO of Eximchain, B.A. from Peking University and MBA from MIT, handled cross-boarder transactions
at UBS Beijing, Hong Kong and Singapore for 6.5 years. She
is the Lab Lead of the North America Blockchain Association and has been working on Eximchain project from MIT
Media Lab since 2015. She led the team to win the grand
champion of Boston Seagull Entrepreneurship Competition
and has been featured by mainstream blockchain medias in
U.S.
Juan Huertas, CTO of Eximchain, B.S.in Computer Science
from MIT. He started coding at age 13 and has been a Technology Consultant for startups since he was 18 years old. He
built a cryptocurrency enabled game to play and distribute
cryptocurrency anonymously during his junior year in college at MIT.
James Xu, Architect of Eximchain. He worked in IBM for
14 years holding various positions across the globe as enterprise packaged software offering manager, Delivery Project
Executive of a team 100+ across 14 time zones, and Associate Partner managing key account in China. He has extensive
exposure in supply chain management, retail, CPG and global trade domains. He also co-founded a startup, building a
EV car sharing platform.
Jia Zhang, Business Analyst of Eximchain. Jia has been
in supply chain field since 1994. She spent 7 years in ICBC
managing global trade finance and international settlement.
After that, she acted as the Chief Representative of MS Textiles in China for almost 10 years, managing local supplier
relationships, goods inspection, and logistics arrangement.
She speaks Chinese, English and French.
Louis Lamia, Director of Engineering and Infrastructure
at Eximchain, B.S.in Computer Science from MIT. He was
a Software Development Engineer at Amazon Web Services
on the Elastic File System team for over 2 years involved in
various projects, most notably encryption-at-rest.
Douglas Sanchez, Director of Product at Eximchain, B.S.in
Computer Science from MIT. Before joining Eximchain, he
was leading industrial, product and brand design for Tulip,
a manufacturing app platform startup in Boston.

10.

TOKEN AND PARTICIPATION

Eximchain Platform Native Tokens (Eximcoins) will be
used to pay network fees, validate state changes, and execute governance. Eximcoins will also be used to access applications built on the Eximchain network developed with the
Eximchain SDK.

Token Structure
Because Eximcoins will be native to the permissioned fork
of the Quorum blockchain which will be integrated into the
Eximchain platform and will only be available when the
platform is deployed for commercial use (Mainnet Launch)
(which is expected to occur in Q2 2018), Eximchain plans to
sell a digital token native to the Etherium blockchain that
will be a precursor to Eximcoins (EXC Tokens) (the sale of
EXC Tokens, ”Token Sale”). EXC Tokens will be ERC-20
compatible tokens distributed on the Ethereum blockchain
pursuant to a related ERC-20 smart contract. Shortly before Mainnet Launch, EXC Tokens will be permanently frozen
and not capable of being used for any purpose, in preparation for being converted into Eximcoins. Each EXC Token
will be automatically converted to one Eximcoin at Mainnet
Launch.
Total supply of EXC Tokens: 75,000,000
Fundraising target: US$20m equivalent

Advisors
Ramble Lan is the president of NABA (North America
Blockchain Association), Chief Architect of the Regulatory
Sandbox in Guiyang, China, and the Chairman of Supply
Chain Blockchain Association in Fujian, China. He is also
the CEO of SwftCoin (www.swftcoin.com).
Tiger Zhong is the CEO of Trademanger (www.Trademanager.com)- a platform that provides big data services for
small and medium sized business in global trade with over
50k active users. He has experience providing services to
small and medium size business in China for over 16 years.
Catherine Dai is the Founder and Owner of BoaoTech
and HongKong Boao, Co-Founder and Shareholder of GiboStar Int’l. She plays Angel/VC role for 16 companies ranging from TMT, Biopharmaceutical, Heavy industry, to Garment, Catering, and Entertainment Industry in China.
Daniel Wang is a China based, U.S. trained executive with
extensive transactional background. He is currently the director of investment of a Fortune 500 company, and used to
be an attorney practicing in Silicon Valley, Hong Kong and

Token Distribution
Token distribution:
Sold during Token Sale: 60,000,000
Bonus Account (including airdrop): 15,000,000
Sold during Token Sale: No more than 60,000,000 EXC are
to be sold to buyers. Each token will be sold for the ether
9

equivalent of approximately US$0.33. There will be no bonus or discount available to contributors during the Token
Sale.

The Eximcoins distributed to the reserve account will be
locked and will be unlocked at the end of the 2-year period
beginning at Mainnet Launch.

Bonus Account: 15,000,000 EXC Tokens from the total
EXC Token supply will be allocated to a bonus account.
Approximately 10% of the EXC Tokens in the bonus account will be allocated for an Airdrop, as described below.
The remaining EXC Tokens in the bonus account will be
reserved for distribution by Eximchain in its discretion to
marketing and community partners during the EXC Token
generation event and participants in the Eximchain Bounty
Program.

Token Sale Timeline
Token Sale: Q1 2018
Mainnet Launch and start token listing process: Q1-Q2 2018
List tokens on multiple exchanges: Q2-Q3 2018

Use of Funds
Eximchain intends to use the funds from the sale of EXC
Tokens at the Token Sale for the following primary purposes:

Airdrop: In conjunction with the private sale, Eximchain
plans to conduct an airdrop of EXC Tokens to persons who
were placed on a whitelist of persons who expressed an interest in purchasing EXC Tokens but who did not participate
in the private sale. Eximchain will deliver a small quantity
of EXC Tokens (valued at about US$200) to each such person for free.

Platform Development: This includes maintaining competitive salaries for top talent in China and the U.S. paying for
software hosting, accelerated development of legacy system
integrations and acquisition of hardware. The hardware and
hosting will be offered to anchor buyers and that will need
stand- alone computers to manage their respective supply
chains on a global scale.

Conversion of EXC Tokens to Eximcoins

Build the Supply Chain Ecosystem: This includes effort to
onboard SMEs through incentivizing early stage users and
on-going business development to onboard suppliers, buyers
and financiers. Eximchain will reserve a proportion of tokens
for this purpose in a secured wallet to ensure fair distribution.

Shortly before Mainnet Launch, the EXC Tokens will be
permanently frozen and not capable of being used or transferred for any purpose, in preparation for being converted
into Eximcoins. At Mainnet Launch, all EXC Tokens will
be automatically converted to Eximcoins on a one-for-one
basis. An additional 75,000,000 Eximcoins will also be created and distributed at Mainnet Launch, as follows:

Operational Expenses: This includes basic operational costs
such as office space, legal costs to pursuing and obtaining required licenses, and security measures.

o 30,000,000 Eximcoins will be allocated to a promotional
account that Eximchain will manage to promote the use of
the platform by SMEs and early adopters to be selected by
Eximchain in its discretion over a 10-year period. It is important that Eximchain token holders plan to use our supply chain solutions and participate in the early stages of the
Eximchain governance mechanism. Eximchain will distribute Eximcoins from the promotional account as an incentive
for early stage participants who will use the Eximchain platform to conduct contract negotiations, build supply chain
products and participate in network governance. SMEs interested in applying for tokens to cover development and
prototype phases will need to sign a Commitment Letter or
Letter of Intent to qualify.

However, Eximchain may in its discretion use those proceeds for any purpose, whether or not consistent with the
foregoing. Eximchain makes no undertaking, representation
or warranty in respect of its use of such proceeds.

Participation
Eximcoins will only be minted in the genesis block, associating them with the wallet addresses of the holders of EXC
Tokens. EXC Tokens will only be minted while the contract
is active.
The private sale registration was closed on Jan 11th 2018.
In conjunction with the private sale, a total US$500k worth
of EXC Tokens are available for airdrop. Only participants
on the whitelist can join the airdrop process. The Token Sale KYC process is scheduled to continue through to March
2018. All participants in the Token Sale, including airdrop
participants, must complete our KYC-AML process.
The whitelist registration was closed on Jan 16th 2018.

o 30,000,000 Eximcoins will be distributed to the Eximchain founding team and advisers.
o 15,000,000 will be allocated to a reserve account that
Eximchain will manage in its discretion to assure there are
sufficient Eximcoins in circulation for use on the platform.
The Eximcoins allocated to the promotional account will
be locked (incapable of transfer or use) and will be unlocked
during the 10-year period beginning at Mainnet Launch in
equal monthly allotments.

We invite engagement and dialog on our business model
and our ecosystem design. The opportunity that these technologies will unlock for businesses of all sizes is remarkable
and we need public involvement to fulfill that mission.

The Eximcoins distributed to Eximchain’s team and advisers will be locked and will be unlocked during the 4-year
period beginning at Mainnet Launch in equal monthly allotments.

To become a part of our community, give us feedback on
the whitepaper or just to find out more about Eximchain:

10

Visit our website at www.eximchain.com .
Join our Telegram channels.
Follow us on Twitter.
Or email us at hello@eximchain.com.

11.

LEGAL CLARIFICATION

Eximcoins are utility tokens whose entire value derives
from the services provided by the Eximchain platform in
exchange for holding or consuming the tokens, as detailed
above. They are not intended for speculation and hold no
claim to intellectual or other property or cash flows. They
grant no right to participation in the company, and no claim
in decision making over company assets or strategy. There
is no promise of value or claim on revenue associated with
EXC other than that derived from platform usage. In short,
EXC are not securities. Also, the estimations under Value
for our Stakeholders are based on assumptions and there can
be no guarantee that they will be achieved. Actual results
may vary substantially from the figures shown.

DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws,
regulations and rules, Eximchain shall not be liable for any
indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of
any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not
limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use
or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance
of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you.

NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
Eximchain does not make or purport to make, and hereby
disclaims, any representation, warranty or undertaking in
any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any
representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the
truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the information
set out in this Whitepaper.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY
YOU
By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case
may be), you represent and warrant to Eximchain as follows:
(a) you agree and acknowledge that the EXC tokens do not
constitute securities in any form in any jurisdiction; (b) you
agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not
intended to constitute an offer of securities in any jurisdiction or a solicitation for investment in securities and you are
not bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is
to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper; (c) you agree
and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined
or approved of the information set out in this Whitepaper,
no action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper to you
does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with; (d) you agree and

acknowledge that this Whitepaper, the undertaking and/or
the completion of the Eximchain Initial Token Sale, or future
trading of the EXC tokens on any cryptocurrency exchange,
shall not be construed, interpreted or deemed by you as an
indication of the merits of the Eximchain , the EXC tokens,
the Eximchain Initial Token Sale and the Eximchain Wallet
(each as referred to in this Whitepaper); (e) the distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper, any part thereof or
any copy thereof, or acceptance of the same by you, is not
prohibited or restricted by the applicable laws, regulations
or rules in your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions in
relation to possession are applicable, you have observed and
complied with all such restrictions at your own expense and
without liability to Eximchain ; (f) you agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to purchase any EXC
tokens, the EXC tokens are not to be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as (i) any kind of currency other
than cryptocurrency; (ii) debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity (whether Eximchain ) (i) rights,
options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks
or shares; (ii) rights under a contract for differences or under any other contract the purpose or pretended purpose of
which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss; (iii) units in a
collective investment scheme; (iv) units in a business trust;
(v) derivatives of units in a business trust; or (vi) any other
security or class of securities. (g) you are fully aware of and
understand that you are not eligible to purchase any EXC
tokens if you are a citizen of China, or a citizen, resident
(tax or otherwise) or green card holder of the United States
of America; (h) you have a basic degree of understanding
of the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission
mechanisms and other material characteristics of cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency
wallets or other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology; (i) you are
fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish
to purchase any EXC tokens, there are risks associated with
Eximchain and the Distributor and their respective business
and operations, the EXC tokens, the Eximchain Initial Token Sale and the Eximchain Wallet (each as referred to in
the Whitepaper); (j) you agree and acknowledge that neither Eximchain nor the Distributor is liable for any indirect,
special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind,
in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to
loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data),
arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or
reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you; and
(k) all of the above representations and warranties are true,
complete, accurate and not misleading from the time of your
access to and/or acceptance of possession this Whitepaper
or such part thereof (as the case may be).

CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements
made in press releases or in any place accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by Eximchain
or their respective directors, executive officers or employees
acting on behalf of Eximchain or the Distributor (as the
case may be), that are not statements of historical fact, constitute ”forward-looking statements”. Some of these statements can be identified by forward looking terms such as
äim”, ”target”, änticipate”, ”believe”, ”could”, ëstimate”, ëx11

pect”, ı̈f”, ı̈ntend”, ”may”, ”plan”, ”possible”, ”probable”, ”project”, ßhould”, ”would”, ”willör other similar terms. However, these terms are not the exclusive means of identifying
forward-looking statements. All statements regarding Eximchain’s financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects of the industry which Eximchain is in are forward-looking statements. These forwardlooking statements, including but not limited to statements
as to Eximchain’s revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed in this Whitepaper regarding Eximchain are
matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions.
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements
of Eximchain to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expected, expressed or
implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors
include, amongst others: (a) changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market conditions, and
the regulatory environment in the countries in which Eximchain conducts its respective businesses and operations; (b)
the risk that Eximchain may be unable or execute or implement their respective business strategies and future plans;
(c) changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; (d) changes in the anticipated
growth strategies and expected internal growth of Eximchain ; (e) changes in the availability and fees payable to
Eximchain in connection with their respective businesses
and operations; (f) changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by Eximchain to operate
their respective businesses and operations; (g) changes in
preferences of customers of Eximchain ; (h) changes in competitive conditions under which Eximchain operate, and the
ability of Eximchain to compete under such conditions; (i)
changes in the future capital needs of Eximchain and the
availability of financing and capital to fund such needs; (j)
war or acts of international or domestic terrorism; (k) occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of
God that affect the businesses and/or operations of Eximchain ; (l) other factors beyond the control of Eximchain ;
and (m) any risk and uncertainties associated with Eximchain and their businesses and operations, the EXC tokens,
the Eximchain token sale and the Eximchain business(each
as referred to in the Whitepaper). All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to Eximchain or persons acting on behalf of Eximchain are expressly qualified in their
entirety by such factors. Given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of Eximchain to be materially different
from that expected, expressed or implied by the forwardlooking statements in this Whitepaper, undue reliance must
not be placed on these statements. These forward-looking
statements are applicable only as of the date of this Whitepaper. Neither Eximchain nor any other person represents,
warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results,
performance or achievements of Eximchain will be as discussed in those forward-looking statements. The actual results, performance or achievements of Eximchain may differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements. Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may
be relied upon as a promise, representation or undertaking
as to the future performance or policies of Eximchain. Fur-

ther, Eximchain disclaim any responsibility to update any
of those forward-looking statements or publicly announce
any revisions to those forward-looking statements to reflect
future developments, events or circumstances, even if new
information becomes available or other events occur in the
future.

NO ADVICE
No information in this Whitepaper should be considered
to be business, legal, financial or tax advice regarding Eximchain, the EXC tokens, the Eximchain token sale and the
Eximchain business (each as referred to in the Whitepaper).
You should consult your own legal, financial, tax or other
professional adviser regarding Eximchain and their respective businesses and operations, the EXC tokens, the Eximchain token sale and the Eximchain business (each as referred to in the Whitepaper). You should be aware that you
may be required to bear the financial risk of any purchase
of EXC tokens for an indefinite period of time.

NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE
No person has been or is authorized to give any information or representation not contained in this Whitepaper in
connection with Eximchain and its respective businesses and
operations, the EXC tokens, the Eximchain token sale and
the Eximchain business (each as referred to in the Whitepaper) and, if given, such information or representation must
not be relied upon as having been authorized by or on behalf of Eximchain token sale and the Eximchain business (as
referred to in the Whitepaper) shall not, under any circumstances, constitute a continuing representation or create any
suggestion or implication that there has been no change, or
development reasonably likely to involve a material change
in the affairs, conditions and prospects of Eximchain or in
any statement of fact or information contained in this Whitepaper since the date hereof.

NO OFFER OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION
This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer
document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an
offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction. No person is bound to enter into any
contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of
this Whitepaper. Any agreement in relation to any sale and
purchase of EXC tokens (as referred to in this Whitepaper)
is to be governed by only the terms and conditions (T&Cs)
of such agreement and no other document. In the event of
any inconsistencies between the T&Cs and this Whitepaper,
the former shall prevail.
You are not eligible to purchase any EXC tokens in the
Eximcoin Initial Token Sale (as referred to in this Whitepaper) if you are a citizen of China, or a citizen, resident (tax
or otherwise) or green card holder of the United States of
America. No regulatory authority has examined or approved
of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. No such
action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory
requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication,
distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not
imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or
rules have been complied with.
12

RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

Rr, and Manufacture’s wholesale price. To pursue the result
of the Stackelberg equilibrium, Retailer and Manufacturer
select a best-reply policy, denoted by (4) and (5).

Prospective purchasers of EXC tokens (as referred to in
this Whitepaper) should carefully consider and evaluate all
risks and uncertainties associated with Eximchain, the EXC
tokens, the Eximchain token sale and the Eximchain (each
as referred to in the Whitepaper), all information set out in
this Whitepaper and the T&Cs prior to any purchase of EXC
tokens. If any of such risks and uncertainties develops into
actual events, the business, financial condition, results of
operations and prospects of Eximchain could be materially
and adversely affected. In such cases, you may lose all or
part of the value of the EXC tokens.

12.

The model can be expressed as below:

ACKNOWLEDGMENT

We would like to express our gratitude to the many people
who supported us as we wrote this paper: Nina Yan, Zach
Chen, Jessie Liu, Malak Alyousef, Louis Lamia, Steven Rivera, John O’sullivan and Sawan Jindal. Thank you.

13.

The Eximchain ecosystem involves a single shared blockchain and a smart contract SDK. Besides the model mentioned above, our software architecture is tailored to implement
many SCF products from basic components on our ecosystem. Ultimately, developers can use our software to create
variations on Stackelberg Strategies or their own multi party
SCF products.

APPENDIX

Use Case Example
*Multi-Party Dynamic Contracting

MOTIVATION

Inspired by the system proposed in “Optimal bi-level Stackelberg strategies for supply chain financing with both capitalconstrained buyers and sellers”[21] and “A partial credit guarantee contract in a capital-constrained supply chain: Financing equilibrium and coordinating strategy,”[22] below we
provide an example of a Dynamic SCF system that can be
created through the Eximchain platform.
In the supply chain financing system shown, we formulate
the interactions between the capital-constrained buyer (Retailer), the capital-constrained supplier (Manufacturer) and
the financier (Bank) as privately executed smart contracts
that coordinate a bi-level Stackelberg game. The Bank acts
as the leader in setting the financing rate for the Manufacturer and Retailer. The Manufacturer acts as the subleader
to make the best response according to Bank’s decision and
to set the wholesale price for the Retailer at the same time. The Retailer acts as the follower to respond to both the
Bank and Manufacturer.

As of writing, large mining pools control and secure proof
of work based blockchains like Bitcoin and Ethereum, as the
systems shift toward transaction based economies, and proof
of stake respectively, the financial incentive provided to devote a large amount of hash power or coin holdings to secure
the network will drive decentralized networks into the palms
of a handful of mining pools. We believe it is important to
distinguish the value these pools contribute to the chain by
devoting resources to add security to the network, from the
value developers contribute by adding novel functionality to
the ecosystem.
Recent developments in permissioned-DLT have enabled
us to design novel consensus rules that allow for a fundamental change in the underlying incentive mechanism and
actors that underlie the consensus protocol of permissioned,
public chains.
We propose a system that grants developers, and members of our Token Generation Event a privileged position in
the consensus protocol of the underlying blockchain, incentivizing and funding developer pools to add functionality to
the system by allowing them to exclusively collect network
rewards at the protocol level from state changes driven by
Dapps on the network.
Today*, Ethereum and Bitcoin stakeholders (as a whole)
keep mining-rigs humming to the tune of $5M and $6M per
day respectively. Bitcoin, touted as the prime example of
successful dPoW is majority controlled by a handful of mining pools, with no roadmap to alleviate the centralization
of hash power. While the case is similar for Ethereum at
present, we will have to wait and see how their transition
to security deposit based dPoS will affect the distribution
of block proposers and whether token holders begin to bond
their ETH (which brings up peripheral concerns about illegitimate initial token holders who will have a huge incentive

Firstly, the leader (Bank) will evaluate the Retailer’s and
the Manufacturer’s financing conditions (e.g., initial capital,
bankruptcy risks and procurement/production quantities)
and make optimal decisions to announce the interest rate
Rr and Rm, respectively. Then, in response to the Bank,
the subleader (Manufacturer) will simultaneously update his
decision and decide how much to charge the buyer for the
wholesale price w. Acting as the follower, the Retailer decides how much to order according to Bank’s interest rate,
13

to raise as much ETH as possible).
[1] Lotta Lind, Miia Pirttilä, Sari Viskari, Florian
Schupp, and Timo Kärri. Working capital
management in the automotive industry: Financial
value chain analysis. Journal of purchasing and supply
management, 18(2):92–100, 2012.
[2] Benefits Beyond Treasury: How Supply Chain Finance
Impact the Bottom Line. Citi Transaction Services.
http://www.citibank.com/transactionservices/
home/about_us/articles/docs/citi_insights_scf_
updated.pdf/, 2012.
[3] Peer Stein, Oya Pinar Ardic, and Martin Hommes.
Closing the credit gap for formal and informal micro,
small, and medium enterprises. 2013.
[4] Blockchain Platform for Supply Chain Finance
Launches in China, CFO Innovation Asia, 2017.
[5] Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) Finance. The
World Bank. http://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/
financialsector/brief/smes-finance/, 2015.
[6] How Supply Chain Finance Can Close the Funding
Gab for SMEs., 2016.
[7] Mckinsey on Payments, Supply-chain finance: The
emergence of a new competitive landscape, 2015.
[8] David Simchi-Levi, Edith Simchi-Levi, and Philip
Kaminsky. Designing and managing the supply chain:
Concepts, strategies, and cases. McGraw-Hill New
York, 1999.
[9] Chang Hwan Lee and Byong-Duk Rhee. Coordination
contracts in the presence of positive inventory
financing costs. International Journal of Production
Economics, 124(2):331–339, 2010.
[10] Henry Sanderson and Neil Hume (2014), Qingdao
fraud case taints commodity financing. Financial
Times. https://www.ft.com/content/
b3cc4dc4-86ba-11e4-9c2d-00144feabdc0?mhq5j=
e3/, 2014.
[11] https://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/
purchase-money-security-interest-pmsi.asp//.
[12] http://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/
bankguarantee.asp//.
[13] Based on the prevailing rates on margin money
deposit for bank guarantee and guarantee fee offered
in China .
[14] Bob Dyckman. Integrating supply chain finance into
the payables process. Journal of Payments Strategy &
Systems, 3(4):311–319, 2009.
[15] Ethereum to end the Ice Age. https:
//github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/commit/
71d32f54f70917c53fd3a691cface3bc73ffa1b7/.
[16] Quorum allows leverage Constellation. https:
//github.com/jpmorganchase/constellation/.
[17] https://www.jpmorgan.com/country/US/EN/Quorum/.
[18] https://github.com/jpmorganchase/quorum/wiki/
QuorumChain-Consensus/.
[19] https://www.reddit.com/r/ethereum/comments/
453sid/empirical_cryptoeconomics//.
[20] Joseph Y Halpern and Rafael Pass. Game theory with
costly computation. arXiv preprint arXiv:0809.0024,
2008.
[21] Nina Yan, Hongyan Dai, and Baowen Sun. Optimal
bi-level stackelberg strategies for supply chain

Hashrate Distribution - BTC March 2018

Hashrate Distribution - ETH March 2018

Considering a 66% attack is possible in both networks under collusion of less than 10 parties, it becomes clearer that
the security of these ecosystems are largely hinged on the
bounties available to these miners each day, none of whom
contribute to the codebase of the underlying system that
enables the creation of this value. The result is that mining
pools have complete control over how the system evolves;
in these networks, developers are second class citizens, constantly at risk of forks in a network that their applications,
clients, and corporates rely on, forks that are ultimately decided by the mining groups profiting from their innovation
and market speculation. Perhaps due to the latter, these
networks look more like security rackets every day, where
each additional dollar of network incentive gives you less security than the last dollar*. A new protocol is necessary to
align network incentives with those of developers, clients,
and corporates.
*consider that only 5 months ago Ethereum miners were getting paid
$500k/day to secure the network compared to today’s $5M/day

Consensus + Token FAQ
The token functions to keep the network incentivized to
participate in consensus and governance. Our native token’s
primary use is to pay gas, a mechanism used to incentivize Block makers to process your transactions. Further all
nodes registered to vote can make ’passive income’ (don’t
particularly love the term) by participating in governance
system via quadratic voting. 1000 EXC min required to participate in consensus mechanism, as a masternode, but note
that this is not exactly PoS: nodes can be voted off the consensus mechanism irrespective of their wealth via quadratic
voting governance. Masternodes are required to have 1000
EXC collateral, a dedicated IP address, and be able to run
24 hours a day without a more than a 1 hr connection loss,
they claim 100% of the transaction fees in blocks they make.

14.

REFERENCES
14

financing with both capital-constrained buyers and
sellers. Applied Stochastic Models in Business and
Industry, 30(6):783–796, 2014.
[22] Nina Yan, Baowen Sun, Hui Zhang, and Chongqing
Liu. A partial credit guarantee contract in a
capital-constrained supply chain: Financing
equilibrium and coordinating strategy. International
Journal of Production Economics, 173:122–133, 2016.

15

