Page | 1

Table of Contents
1.
Introduction to Fitrova
1.1 What is Fitrova

3

2.
The Health & Fitness Industry
2.1. Research Overview
2.2. Problems with the Health & Fitness Industry

3
4

3.
Technology Application
3.1. Fitrova’s Solutions & Benefits
3.2. Fitrova Based on Ethereum Smart Contracts
3.3. Data Distribution via Smart Contracts
3.4 The Future of Blockchain

5
6
6
6

4.
Distribution Strategy
4.1. Token Details
4.2. Pre-ICO Discounts
4.3. Initial Coin Offering Discounts
4.4. Stake Allocation
4.5. Token Allocation

7
7
7
8
8

5.
Business Development Plan
5.1. Working Strategy
5.2. Things to Keep in Mind
5.3. Timeline / Roadmap

9
9
10

Page | 2

1. Introduction to Fitrova

1.1. What is Fitrova?
The Fitrova (FRV) cryptocurrency is designed to primarily serve the Health & Fitness
industry by way of providing a clear and concise payment system together with harnessing
blockchain technology to maintain accurate billing and membership details aswell as
logging user flow and sharing individual client goals and feedback amongst internally
linked health clubs that are part of the branded network.

2. Health & Fitness Industry
2.1. Research Overview
The health and fitness industry is one that is always on the uprise. Health clubs provide
their customers with the infrastructure including exercise equipment for their workouts and
physical activity in exchange for a membership fee.
The global fitness and health club industry generates more than 80 billion U.S. dollars in
revenue per year. The North American market had an estimated size of more than 28
billion U.S. dollars in 2015, of which 90 percent, around 25.8 billion U.S. dollars, was
attributable to the United States. The U.S. is the single biggest market worldwide not only
in terms of revenue but in regards to the number of members in health & fitness clubs as
well.
The global market is fragmented with no particular chain taking a large share of the
worldwide market. Market leaders are rather limited to more local (countries, geographical
region) ranks. Amongst the health & fitness club companies with revenues in excess of
one billion U.S. dollars in 2015 are Planet Fitness, Anytime Fitness and ClubCorp. In 2015,
a total of more than 186 thousand fitness & health clubs were in operation worldwide, of
which about 36 thousand are located in the United States. These clubs in the U.S. had
about 55 million members. Globally more than 150 million people were members of a
health/fitness club.
About 25 percent of people in the United States, who work out at least once a month, say
that exercise, workout or sports in general is part of their daily routine according to a
Statista survey. Almost two thirds of people who regularly exercise are, or have been at
some point, a member health club or gym. The main reasons for exercising are - to stay
healthy, weight reduction, optimizing strength and/or endurance and to get a better-looking
body and improving overall appearance.

Page | 3

2.2. Problems with the Health & Fitness Industry

Issue: Breachable Client Privacy
Holding client particulars such as DOB, Address and other related details about a person
needs to be kept out of wrong hands and only shared with the appropriate health club that
the client has given permission to directly.
Problem: Client Information is Easily Breached
Solution: Private information about a client/member is now part of the integral blockchain
network which secures against possible data breaches.

Issue: Inconsistent Client Records and Billing
Having an up-to-date record keeping system capable of documenting individual
transactions within a secure business ledger is important for any health club to sustain its
growth by not only retaining existing members but also acquiring new clients.
Problem: Inconsistent and outdated membership information
Solution: Membership information is now seamlessly fully integrated within the structured
blockchain for precise record keeping and secured against any fraudulent transaction
history.

Issue: Membership Logs and Timestamps
Logging each member’s visit with an accurate timestamp including the exact time and date
he/she has accessed the health club along with which piece of equipment if any has been
used will aid with tracking user flow and equipment negligence.
Problem: Non-tracking of user flow and equipment usage
Solution: Each visit can now be fully tracked with an exact timestamp of entry/exit to the
premises along with being able to trace the start time & duration of individual equipment
use.

Page | 4

3. Technology Application
3.1. Fitrova’s Solutions & Benefits

✔

Benefit 1: Fast, Inexpensive & 100% Reliable

The FRV Token offers easy and effortless payments whilst avoiding expensive costs of
blockchain transactions and data storage. Fitrova also delivers a sustainable network
capable of delivering lighting fast transactions and the distribution of important client data.

✔

Benefit 2: Fitrova Implemented Blockchain Technology (FIBT)

This new innovation will allow health and fitness clubs to gain more control over day to
practices and providing added benefits to club owners through use of smart contracts.

✔

Benefit 3: Secure Client Privacy

Holding client particulars such as DOB, Address and other related details about a person
needs to be kept out of wrong hands and only shared with the appropriate health club that
the client has given permission to directly. Fitrova secures private information about a
client/member is now part of the integral blockchain network which secures against
possible data breaches.

✔

Benefit 4: Accurate Client Records

Having an up-to-date record keeping system capable of documenting individual
transactions within a secure business ledger is important for any health club to sustain its
growth by not only retaining existing members but also acquiring new clients. As such
membership information is now seamlessly fully integrated within the structured blockchain
for precise record keeping and secured against any fraudulent transaction history.

✔

Benefit 5: Membership Logs & Timestamps

Logging each member’s visit with an accurate timestamp including the exact time and date
he/she has accessed the health club along with which piece of equipment if any has been
used will aid with tracking user flow and equipment negligence. Now each visit can now be
fully tracked with an exact timestamp of entry/exit to the premises along with being able to
trace the start time & duration of individual equipment use.

Page | 5

3.2. Fitrova Based on Ethereum Smart Contracts
Smart contracts are a central component to next-generation blockchain platforms. The
main goal of a smart contract is to enable two anonymous parties to do business with each
other, usually over the internet, without the need for a middleman.

✔

Fast & Inexpensive

Easy and effortless payments whilst avoiding expensive costs of blockchain
transactions and data storage.

✔

100% Reliable

Sustainable network capable of delivering lighting fast transactions and the
distribution of important client data.
Using Ethereum smart contracts, we can deliver on the above criteria. Our Ethereumbased contracts all comply with the ERC20 standard, which has gained significant
prominence among developers. More detailed info about the ERC20 standard can be
found here.
NOTE: It is impossible to corrupt or censor smart contracts, because they are placed in a
decentralized infrastructure.

3.3. Data Distribution via Smart Contracts
Smart contracts will be created for the distribution of membership fees and client data
including contract dates, timestamps and related particulars.

3.4 The Future of Blockchain
Fitrova will be at the heart of blockchain development in the Health and Fitness industry.
As such, new and exciting blockchain applications, most of which have not yet been
thought of, will eventually be developed over a greater timeline with the overall goal of
providing a more seamless and robust systematic process.

Page | 6

4. Distribution Strategy

4.1. Token Details
• ICO Start: Mar 26, 2018, Monday, 10:00 AM
• Softcap / Hardcap: $71m / $326m
• Token: FRV
• Decimal Places: 8
• Total Tokens: 32,000,000,000
• Project Protocol: ERC20

4.2. Pre-ICO Discounts
• 50% Discount during the Pre-ICO period.
• Availability of 8,000,000,000 coins.

4.3. Initial Coin Offering Discounts
Round 1

Round 2

• 45% Discount during the first seed
round.

• 35% Discount during the second seed
round.

• Availability of 6,000,000,000 coins

• Availability of 6,000,000,000 coins

Round 3

Round 4

• 30% Discount during the third seed
round.

• 25% Discount during the final seed
round.

• Availability of 6,000,000,000 coins

• Availability of 6,000,000,000 coins

•
Page | 7

4.4. Stake Allocation

4.5. Token Allocation

Page | 8

5. Business Development Plan
5.1. Working Strategy
Increased
Coin Value

Coin
Holders
Project Funds

Partner
Acquisition

Network
Release

Technical
Development

Exchange
Trading

Team

5.2. Things to Keep in Mind
The health of Fitrova, its platform and all technical developments are subject to changes in
the interpretation, application, marketing and anticipated timeline. We do not foresee any
future problems or setbacks arising although sudden changes can impact the launch, utility
and/or value of the coin and management reserves the right to action such changes.
Changes can be but not limited to internal policies, personnel restructuring, coin
distributions, technical developments of the FRV coin and/or external factors outside of our
control.
Although this document details the functionality of the Fitrova platform, the value of the
FRV coin will depend on the health of the platform and the adoption of its use by its users,
partners and the general public, which can be impacted by many factors that are beyond
our control.
In addition, the ability to trade the coin on internet exchanges may be impacted by third
parties and their trading policies. New policies and regulations governing the use of the
FRV coin and/or online exchanges may affect its value or the ability for it to trade on the
market.

Page | 9

5.3. Timeline

Q1 2018
Technical Development Stage 1

Pre-ICO Launch

ICO Official Launch

Q2 2018
Technical Development Stage 2

Launch of FRV on Exchanges

Exchange Enhancements

User/Market Feedback Research

Page | 10

Q3 2018
Promotional Marketing Activities

Fitrova Fitness App (Alpha)

Further Exchange Listings

Further Feedback Research

Further Partnership Acquisitions

Q4 2018
Technical Development Stage 3

Fitrova Fitness App (Beta)

Initial Test Rollout Stage 1

Further Marketing Activities

Page | 11

Q1 2019
General TA/Feedback Research

Further Exchange Listings

Fitrova Fitness App (Final)

Expanded Rollout Stage 2

Promotional Marketing Activities

Q2 2019
Further TA/Feedback Research

Pre-Launch to Stage 3 Rollout

100% Rollout Stage 3 Final

Page | 12

