FUCK Token
Built on the Ethereum Blockchain

Welcome to a world where everyone gives a FUCK. Dozens of ICOs are popping up daily,
all with empty promises of how they will change the world. They spew enticing
buzzwords and confusing rhetoric just to make you invest in their idea. With FUCK
tokens, we present a unique opportunity to express how you really feel.
In today’s society, we have an epidemic where millions of people have no fucks to give.
With our ERC-20 FUCK token we have solved the “lack of FUCKs” problem. Tip your
friends 0.001 FUCKs, or 1 FUCK, it doesn’t matter how many FUCKs you give. All that
matters is you are contributing something to society.
Cryptocurrencies are breaking down the barriers of society, revolutionizing currency as
we know it. To have a bit of fun, we’ve created a novelty token called FUCK. You can
think of this token as a video game credit, like World of Warcraft. FUCKs are not
investments, rather they’re tokens that you can use in any situation.
Vision
We envision an ecosystem where FUCKs are distributed through tips. You laughed at a
shitpost on Reddit? Show them your appreciation by giving a FUCK. Your friend is
sulking about his marital problems? Give him a FUCK or two and watch his smile
brighten up. Being cyber-bullied for being a crypto nerd? Send them 10,000 digital,
decentralized, middle fingers with FUCK token.
Tip Bot
We have developed a tip bot that can send FUCKs to anyone on Reddit, on any subreddit.
By tipping FUCKs, you are not only contributing to the FUCK token ecosystem, you are
indirectly exposing newcomers to the Ethereum network. Imagine a world where
thousands of FUCKs are given every minute.
Tip Bot Platform
We are designing multiple custom tip bots for social media platforms. Currently, we plan
on enabling tipping FUCKs on Reddit, Twitter, Twitch, Slack, Discord and Telegram.
Our goal is to make tipping FUCKs a seamless and intuitive experience. Giving a novelty
FUCK Token is a perfect way to introduce someone to cryptocurrencies. Our bot will
automatically create a wallet for new users and provide detailed guides on how to easily
tip others.
Tipping FUCKs can go both ways. Sometimes you really need to let someone know you
don’t give a FUCK. To show someone you really don’t care, tip !NOFUCKS. This burns
3 FUCKs out of your balance.

Technical Specifications
Formal Name: FUCK Token or “FUCKtoken”
Contract Address:
Symbol: FUCK
Decimals: 4
Initial Supply: 70,856,775.0000 FUCKs

Closing Remarks
We will be updating our roadmap as we discover new cases for FUCK token and plan to
implement them. Our home base for questions and concerns is reddit.com/r/FuckToken
or FUCK token Slack, so feel free to ask away or send us an email.
Question/comments: contact@fucktoken.com

