BLOCKCHAIN SOLUTIONS
FOR GAMING
COMMERCIAL WHITEPAPER
v2.0 DRAFT

S EP TEM BER 2018

Table of Contents
1 Abstract

2

2 Introduction

2

3 Business Case

3

4 Technology

7

4.1 Protocol and Platform

7

4.2 Fate Channels

10

4.3 Fun Token

13

4.4 FunPass

15

4.5 Provable Fairness

16

4.6 Comparison with other Technologies

17

5 Key Benefits

19

5.1 For Players

19

5.2 For Operators

20

5.3 For Affiliates

21

5.4 For Developers

22

5.5 For Regulators

22

6 Company

23

6.1 Overview

23

6.2 Token Presale

23

6.3 Team

24

6.4 A Strategy for Success

26

6.5 Direct To Consumer

27

6.6 Milestones

27

7 Risks

28

8 Notes

35

1

1 Abstract
FunFair’s goal is a world of truly fair, decentralised online gaming powered by blockchain
technology. To get there, we have built a robust protocol for trustless and decentralised
casino gaming. To help establish it, we have also built the first plug-and-play casino
platform which empowers a new generation of casinos, affiliates and developers.
Leveraging the transparency and security of the blockchain, the FunFair protocol and
platform are the foundation for a pioneering gaming ecosystem which links all
participants in real time. A fairer, more user-friendly experience for players and a more
efficient tool for the industry, our innovative casino technology is set to revolutionise
online gaming.

2 Introduction
According to the UK Gambling Commission, trust in gaming and overall public attitudes to
gaming are in declinei. By delivering unprecedented transparency and player protection
through decentralised, provably fair technology, FunFair is set to reverse these trends.

Graphic from UK Gambling Commission Annual report “Gambling participation in 2017: behaviour, awareness
and attitudes” February 2018

FunFair's blockchain gaming solution offers fast, low cost, user friendly and provably fair
games while delivering the high quality of mobile-friendly entertainment and production
values that today’s gamers demand.
Our casino gaming protocol and technology platform enable one of the first commercially
viable blockchain applications and have been designed to run at mass market scale. Built
on the Ethereum blockchain, Funfair’s protocol employs a combination of smart contracts,
proprietary Fate Channels and the FUN utility tokenii to power a global network of
completely transparent, secure casinos.
FunFair’s Fate Channels, an advanced version of state channel technology, allow player
and operator to transact in real time with far lower gas costs than other blockchain
applications. This unique approach to off-chain scaling enables an almost limitless
numbers of players, bets and wins, as well as real time provably fair random number
generation.
2

The platform features FunFair’s own high-quality 3D games built to HTML5 and WebGL
standards, with games from independent developers to be added as the platform
progresses. The platform’s open architecture, designed by developers for developers,
aims to create the leading marketplace for blockchain casino game content.
Having completed the pioneering FunPass ID verification process, players can access any
FunFair-powered casino with one click. Games are fun, fast and provably fair, with random
numbers and game code easily verifiable at the click of a button. There’s no need to
deposit in order to play, with funds – in the form of FUN tokens - for each gaming session
sent to a secure, transparent escrow on the blockchain rather than a casino’s account. For
the first time, winnings are paid instantly, irrespective of size.
For the new breed of operators, white labels and affiliates, our technology offers faster
integration, dramatically lower costs, an end to payments and game fraud and access to a
growing audience of premium value, crypto-savvy players. With the evolution of our
revolutionary Fate Channels technology, the FunFair protocol will enable a new age of
fairer, more efficient, more secure and more user-friendly gaming.
FunFair Technologies was founded in 2017 by gaming veterans Jez San OBE, Jeremy
Longley and Oliver Hopton. Just 15 months after a Token Presale which generated $26
million in contributions, the FunFair platform went live with the launch of its first casino.
FunFair now has over 50 staff including blockchain engineers, game developers and
executives from leading B2B and B2C global gaming companies. With the launch of more
FunFair-powered casinos later this year, we will cement our position as the global leader
in blockchain gaming technology.

3 Business Case
According to H2 Gambling Capitaliii, global online gaming revenues were worth an
estimated $43 billion in 2017, making up 10% of all global gaming revenues (offline and
online combined). H2 predicts that by 2022, the global online gaming market will be worth
€65 billion. With over 6 million adults gaming around the world and estimates of greater
than 10 million for 2020, the gaming market overall is growing rapidly, with the online
segment of the market expected to accelerate faster than that of traditional casinos.
By 2017, mobile play accounted for an estimated 37% of online gaming revenues, over
triple the 2010 mobile user base of 11.5%. H2 predicts that mobile use will continue to rise,
reaching 49% by 2022. However, the major mobile platforms which dominate the market
have heavily restricted “real-money” gaming apps from listing on their app stores or have
banned them outright. Mobile adoption has, in fact, been a significant barrier to growth as
gaming operators stick to the old “native app” model, despite the leading app stores
consistent and universal ban.
Despite continued growth the online gaming industry faces a range of problems, for which
FunFair’s technology offers a unique set of solutions.

3

Problem #1: Growing doubts over the integrity of online casinos
Consumer concerns over the fairness of games and integrity of online casinos have
existed since the outset of internet gaming. Although the number of untrustworthy
operators is relatively small, high profile cases of cheatingiv, a lack of transparency in
game software (run from Remote Gaming Servers) and unreliable cashout processes has
fed a growing perception that online gaming is unfair.
Solution: Provably fair blockchain gaming
The ability of players to easily verify that a game has run fairly, without interference and
according to its agreed set of rules, is a key component of blockchain-based gaming
technology. Using advanced state channel technology, FunFair goes one step further by
guaranteeing cheatproof games, in addition to providing a means of verifying their
integrity.

Problem #2: Player funds are not always secure
All current online casinos (and even ‘Bitcoin casinos’) require players to deposit funds with
them before they can play. In many top tier jurisdictions, player funds are not fully
protected if the casino becomes insolventv, nor are casinos required to prove their ability
to payout large winsvi. The risks involved in giving up custody of funds and having faith
that casinos will pay out in the event of large wins are not lost on consumers, with 1 in 5
worried about safety of funds in an Australian regulator surveyvii.
Solution: No deposits, and wagers held by independent blockchain escrow
The ability to play games using funds directly from their crypto wallet enables players on
the FunFair platform to retain control over their funds at all times. Player and casino are
both required to send funds for each gaming session to a smart contract escrow,
eliminating the possibility that a casino misappropriates player funds, leaves a shortfall in
the event of insolvency or is unable (or unwilling) to promptly pay out a win of any size.

Problem #3: Consumers want faster, easier gaming
Currently, it is compulsory for players in many gaming jurisdictions to complete a
verification process for each casino they join. Lengthy verification, registration and
payment processes are common causes of incomplete registration, failure to convert
(deposit funds and play for real money) and single logins (where a player never returns
after their initial visit).
Solution: FunPass and FUN token
By verifying their identity and age once only, players can obtain a FunPass which gives
them access to any casino on the FunFair platform (subject to local jurisdictional
requirements). By using the FUN token to place bets, there’s no need to register a
traditional payment method either. The FUN token also eliminates the widespread issue of
failed deposits (i.e. the many instances that are not the fault of the player such as a bank
declining a gaming transaction). By doing away with traditional registration forms, the
submission of identity documents for each casino and the old payment process, we
anticipate significant improvements to player acquisition, conversion and retention.

4

Problem #4: Payouts are neither fast nor guaranteed
A leading global survey of online gamers found that the timely payout of wins was second
only to fairness in their list of concernsviii, and a key factor in choosing which casino to play
at. While control over every payout request enables casinos to identify fraud, manage
cash flow and plan for possible big wins (as they do not automatically hold sufficient cash
in reserve and no real time checks take place), the cashout process – submitting a request,
waiting for approval, enduring frequent delays and occasionally refusals - creates a
dissatisfactory user experience which can lead gamers to play elsewhere.
Solution: Instant, guaranteed payouts
By combining the FUN token with Fate Channel smart contracts, the FunFair protocol
enables instant payout back to the player’s cryptocurrency wallet. When playing a game
on the FunFair platform, players will have peace of mind that the biggest possible win has
been sent in advance by the casino to the Fate Channel smart contract, and they’ll be paid
instantly once the game session is closed. For the first time ever then, players will receive
winnings instantly, without any human discretion, and regardless of the size of win.

Problem #5: Complexity and cost in running an online casino
Launching an online casino in a mainstream gaming jurisdiction involves long setup
periods, high initial costs, rigorous licencing applications and a laundry list of ongoing
operational needs. Modern casino technology cannot be operated without banks of
technical engineers, fraud prevention officers, payments staff to name a few. Monthly
costs include technology licencing fees, server hosting costs, credit card processor fees
and chargebacks, not to mention extensive marketing budgets to compete in a crowded
market. These technical, financial and legal demands mean that few have the expertise
and capital to launch and profitably operate a licenced internet casino.
Solution: FunFair casino solution
Launching a decentralised casino on the FunFair platform can be done in weeks instead of
months, with far lower associated costs than traditional casino operations who must
invest heavily in centralised infrastructure. Our solution uses a native cryptocurrency,
smart contract-powered payments and a range of KYC and fraud prevention measures
that together make most employee roles obsolete.

Problem #6: Many casinos must innovate to survive
The online gaming space has become increasingly competitive, with the trend towards
consolidation creating commercial goliathsix. Consumers are more promiscuous than ever,
moving from site to site with ease in search of promotional offers. Casinos must therefore
look for new and innovative ways to acquire new players and retain them longer.
Solution: FunFair casinos meet demands of new crypto audience
Our enterprise solution will ensure that FunFair operators and white labels are first to
market in the race for the new generation of blockchain gamers. The explosion in
awareness of Bitcoin and blockchain has created a new, wealthy audience of crypto-savvy
consumers – including a ready-made gaming audience of over 60,000 FUN token holdersx
- with valuable market share up for grabs. The novelty of blockchain combined with the
5

headline player benefits unique to the Funfair platform will differentiate FunFair casinos
from igaming, cryptocasino and blockchain casino rivals.

Problem #7: Existing blockchain casinos are not fit for purpose
The first generation of blockchain-based casinos are neither fun, fast, secure nor truly
fair. At best, they offer a degree of verifiable fairness which only enables players to check
if a game was fair, rather than guarantee it at the outset. Many suffer from long wait
times between games and prohibitive ‘gas’ network costs, rendering them unsuitable for
real-time, real money gaming. Projects such as Edgeless, CasinoCoin and Cashbet have not
made full use of smart contracts or state channels and continue to be oriented in the
casino’s favour.
Solution: Fate Channels protocol
FunFair’s advanced state channel solution - Fate Channels - enables instant, provably fair
gaming at almost negligible cost to the player. Our games feature the same level of
quality and usability as incumbent iGaming casino technology but with greater
transparency, security and player protection.

Problem #8: Affiliate revenues under threat
Casino gaming remains the most important vertical for iGaming affiliatesxi. Yet worsening
contract terms operators, disputes over player values, increased competition and the
subsequent rise of super affiliates such as Oddschecker are all threatening the viability of
many small and medium sized affiliates. This competitive landscape highlights the need
for affiliates to carve their own niche, diversify verticals, keep abreast of emerging
consumer trends and find their own cost savings.
Solution: FunFair affiliate platform and operator
Our use of smart contracts means that for the first time ever, affiliates will receive
revenuexii in real time. Coupled with an independent source of trusted real-time data, the
FunFair platform delivers a truly ground-breaking affiliate solution. Our technology also
enables affiliates to quickly and cheaply launch a white label casino, as leading poker
affiliate RakeTheRake is set to do. The creation of new revenue streams by simply
harnessing an affiliate’s brand and expertise, without the financial and operational
challenges associated with traditional casino technology, will be a game changer for the
affiliate sector.

Problem #9: Game developers reticent to adopt blockchain technology
Despite it’s the clear benefits, game developers have been slow to explore blockchain
technology. Accurate up to date guides and best practices in an area of nascent
technology are difficult to find, while the intense demand and shortage of talent makes
blockchain expertise expensive to recruit. Most problematic however is the lack of viable
consumer-facing platforms which can distribute their content.
Solution: FunFair developer partnerships
The FunFair platform includes the first open developer marketplace for real-money casino
game content, in contrast to the in-house route taken by most incumbent gaming
technology providers. Developers also receive end-to-end technical, commercial and
6

regulatory support from the FunFair team to guarantee rapid integration of smart
contract technology and subsequent distribution of game content to all operators on the
FunFair platform.

Problem #10: Regulation is costly and difficult to enforce
A typical regulator’s mandate involves ensuring fair games, preventing illegal activity and
protecting the vulnerable. However, their reliance on operator-provided data and
outsourced technical auditors makes achieving those goals time intensive, costly, open to
exploitation and requiring a degree of trust in the operator.
Solution: FunFair blockchain protocol
The unique combination of provably fair games, escrowed instant payouts and FunPass
KYC found only on the FunFair platform will create a new generation of operators with the
highest standards of integrity, transparency and social responsibility. Players will be able
to apply limits, timeouts and self-exclusions to all casinos on the FunFair platform, while
the Fate Channel-powered dispute resolution process, combined with the platform’s other
benefits, will reduce complaints and speed up remaining disputes.

4 Technology
4.1 Protocol & Platform
4.1.1 Overview
FunFair’s gaming technology protocol leverages the transparency, security and efficiency
of the blockchain to power a unique iGaming ecosystem which connects casinos with
players, affiliates and developers in real time.
The protocol has been built to effortlessly support a near limitless number of trustless,
transparent, ‘game server’-less, decentralised online casinos, operated by individuals and
organizations of all sizes.
The FunFair platform runs on top of the protocol, to support a new generation of
regulated casinos that will deliver a wide range of provably fair game content from an
open developer marketplace.
For operator and affiliate partners, FunFair is not just next-generation casino software
but a complete enterprise solution with payments, security and databases all
administered on the blockchain.
FunFair casinos feature:

7

•

Provably fair HTML5 games from the FunFair developer marketplace

•

Next-gen cryptocurrency payments

•

Remote Gaming Server-less, peer-to-peer software and databases

•

Admin backend including player management, bonusing, reporting and analysis

•

FunPass tool

The FunFair platform

4.1.2 Technology layers
The FunFair protocol employs a combination of Ethereum smart contracts, a native ERC20 standard cryptocurrency and advanced state channels to deliver real time,
decentralised casino gaming.
Ethereum
To deliver decentralised, provably fair gaming, the FunFair solution requires both a
blockchain and smart contracts. As the leading platform with market share, powerful
features, an excellent long-term scalability plan and a network effect conferred by the
most mature ecosystem of developers and research, Ethereum was the obvious choice as
our technology's base layer.
The win/loss settlement of each session played on every FunFair-powered casino will be
immutably and publicly recorded on the Ethereum blockchain, while the mechanics of
every casino game are encoded within smart contracts using the Ethereum protocol.
Details of the games played themselves will be logged on both player and operator
devices.
Although Ethereum currently offers the best balance of ecosystem value, performance
and decentralisation, we closely follow the development of other promising blockchains
and protocols and would consider supporting other blockchains either simultaneously or a
migration if there was a clear benefit to doing so. The protocol and platform we’ve
designed isn’t locked into Ethereum and could be ported onto any suitable smart contract
platform.
Fate Channels
FunFair's advanced state channels are an essential component in delivering faster, fairer,
more secure and lower cost gaming than other blockchain applications. By performing
8

off-chain execution of smart contracts, this 'second layer' scaling technology reduces
delays and costs when playing blockchain games, while delivering real time provably fair
random number generation and cheatproof gaming with automated dispute resolution.
FUN token
Every aspect of the FunFair protocol is powered by the FUN utility token. FUN is an ERC-20
standard cryptocurrency which offers instant, encrypted payments without the need for a
trusted intermediary (e.g. a bank). The FUN token contains novel enhancements to the
original ERC-20 standard that enable the enhanced security and performance of Fate
Channel technology, which are necessary to deliver high performance trustless gaming.
From player wagers to casino licence fees, developer rewards and the revenue affiliates
receive for referring players, all participants in the FunFair ecosystem will transact in a
frictionless and transparent way using FUN. By developing our own token instead of using
ETH or another cryptocurrency, we have achieved significant improvements in speed and
security.
4.1.3 How it works
Funfair operators will complete the setup of their casino in a fraction of the time that
traditional iGaming casino solutions require. They will have their own brand, bankroll,
gaming license(s) and independent Fate Channel server. Operators will have access to a
wide range of high quality, audited game content from an open, global developer
marketplace where developers licence their games to the platform in return for FUN token
rewards. To ensure a sufficient variety of games at launch, the platform will be seeded
with content from FunFair’s game studio. However, content from other game studios is
currently in development and will be added to the platform soon.
Those who want to run a FunFair casino but don’t have their own gaming licence, technical
expertise or bankroll can do so as a white label. This involves a partnership with an
existing FunFair operator who creates and runs a new, branded casino on their behalf
(where permitted by applicable regulatory authorities). White labels effectively act as
‘super affiliates’, not only bringing in player traffic but also promoting and marketing their
own brand.
The user experience at FunFair-powered casinos will be radically different to any existing
blockchain or iGaming offering. After a player has completed the FunPass process, they
can start to play games at any casino that supports the FunFair technology, thus
eliminating the onerous registration, deposit and login/logout processes found with
traditional casinos.
Initially, players will need to use a crypto-enabled browser or browser plugin such as
MetaMask but future iterations will enable FunFair casinos to be played using mainstream
browsers.
Once their Ethereum address is funded with FUN tokens, players will play fast, fun and
provably fair casino games with funds sent direct from their cryptocurrency wallet. Casino
operators never take custody of player funds. At the beginning of a game session, the
player sends a FUN bankroll to the Fate Channel smart contract, while the casino sends
enough FUN to cover any potential payout. Both player and casino bankrolls are held in
escrow by the Fate Channel smart contract until the game session has finished and is
9

closed, at which point the appropriate FUN balances are instantly sent to both parties’
addresses.
Unlike any existing casino, FunFair wagers, payouts, network fees, developer rewards and
affiliate revenue are all determined and executed in real time, and visible on the Ethereum
blockchain.

4.2 Fate Channels
Blockchain-based applications which require fast interactions between untrusted parties
have so far failed to solve the challenges of scaling, speed and high gas costs.
Online casino games that are prohibitively expensive to play and include delays of a
minute or more between clicks and games, cannot meet the requirements of the mass
market, or hope to disrupt the incumbent iGaming sector.
Because Ethereum gas costs and processing times are currently problematic (and will
continue to be prohibitively expensive until a scaling solution such as sharding is
implemented), we needed to devise a solution that supports bets and interactions at a
fraction of the current cost of other blockchain gaming applications.
We have created a long-term solution for transaction cost problems with a unique
implementation of state channel technology, developed specifically for online gaming. We
call this technology Fate Channels. By enabling real-time gaming that is not only cheaper
but fairer, more secure and more scalable, Fate Channels are the engineering innovation at
the heart of the FunFair protocol and a core feature of the platform.

Fate Channels

10

4.2.1 Definition
A Fate Channel is a state channel opened for the duration of a gaming session, supporting
custom gaming messages between the FunFair client and server. The only transactions on
the blockchain occur at the beginning and end of the user session, rather than before and
after each hand of each game. Because a gaming session is instant and can include
hundreds of bets, the costs are an order of magnitude lower, and performance is higher
and the games more enjoyable than the competition.
This is the first time that generalised state channels have been deployed in the real world.
FunFair’s are more advanced than historic ‘payment channels’ as they allow the entire
smart contract to be executed off-chain, not just the payments. This is a key requirement
both for making applications run fast and to be cheatproof, as every game step (known as
a state change) is double checked and automatically signed by both player and casino
before the state can progress. This ensures robust, fair gameplay and correct outcomes,
and also ensures the games are responsive and enjoyable to use on traditionally slow
blockchains.
It is widely accepted that the current generation of blockchains (like Bitcoin, Ethereum,
EOS and NEO) do not support the generation of on-chain random numbers or games that
use random numbers, because of the chance that a miner (or validator / block producer)
can influence the final outcome and collude with either the player or casino - perhaps to
avoid committing a losing or winning bet transaction onto the chain. This problem
precludes all forms of on-chain randomness including the use of oracles which also have
further attack surfaces.
We believe off-chain randomness and off-chain gameplay using state channels to be a
safe and reliable random number generation technique which contributes significantly to
the assurance of cheatproof and trustless gaming on the blockchain.
There are new and as yet unreleased blockchain technology platforms under development
that have more reliable on-chain random number generation capability that may alleviate
the issue of unsafe randomness with blockchains (DFinity, Cardano and Ethereum 2.0
being the obvious examples). These use threshold signatures to allow a group of
participants to jointly create randomness and may be the first time that random numbers
can be relied upon in an on-chain blockchain application. None of these blockchains are
currently live, so we will review the situation when they launch and are commercially
usable. The blockchains that have on-chain robust randomness will certainly be of
interest to us when they are live.

4.2.2 Benefits
The benefits of this innovative state channel solution go far beyond a dramatic reduction
in gas costs. Fate Channels also offer:
•
•
•

11

Cheatproof, provably fair games with automated dispute resolution
Virtually limitless scaling due to Turing-complete off-chain smart contract
execution
Faster gaming and payments which enable a frictionless user experience

•
•
•

In-built, decentralised and provably fair random number generation without the
need for a slow, inefficient and insecure centralised oracle
Asymmetric escrow lockups which require a casino to send its maximum liability
(e.g. Jackpot win worth 100x the player’s wager) before a game can begin
Faster opening and closing of channels as only one blockchain transaction is
needed (versus the two found with competitor solutions)

4.2.3 Dispute resolution
Using advanced techniques to verify each step of the gaming process, Fate Channels
enable cheatproof games that are superior to incumbent 'provably fair' technology. Each
off-chain transaction is authenticated and signed by both player and casino before the
state can progress. Any cheating attempt is automatically detected by the other party
who will then activate 'dispute resolution'. Either party may automatically send a 'dispute'
to the blockchain to allow the authoritative blockchain and appropriate smart contract to
complete the gaming session correctly, while also punishing the cheater financially if their
attempt was a result of deliberate cheating. This combination of technology and cryptoeconomics delivers an unprecedented level of fairness and robustness which exceeds any
system created to date.

4.2.4 Current and future versions of Fate Channels
The current implementation of Fate Channels is designed to facilitate reliable, cheatproof
play between two untrusted parties - usually a player and a casino. The funds are held in
an independent escrow, and neither party has custody of the funds while the game is in
session. Deposits from both parties are held in escrow during any number of games and
the funds are settled when the game session finishes (or is terminated abruptly or timed
out). At present, a new channel is opened each time a new game is started, then any
number of games of that type can be played off-chain. At the end of the game session, the
funds are settled to both parties and the game ends. If the player wishes to play a
different game, a new channel is opened for that game. We keep each game separate to
ensure the game developer and affiliate are paid their share of net gaming revenue fairly
at the close of the game.
A future version of Fate Channels may support the player being able to switch games
without having to close the channel. This is ongoing research because we want to find the
best way to protect the game developers’ and affiliates’ revenue. In addition, other future
features include sharing bankrolls across casinos or players. Yet again, features like this
require substantial research to be sure we implement it correctly and create a robust and
trustless environment.

12

4.3 FUN Token
4.3.1 Overview
FUN is the native cryptocurrency of the FunFair ecosystem. It powers every aspect of the
protocol and platform actions, including betting, paying out players, paying licence fees
and compensating stakeholders. FUN was designed to deliver the secure, frictionless
gaming experience that will help drive mass adoption of blockchain technology.
Players may acquire FUN tokens to be used for games on the FunFair platform from a wide
range of third party, independent cryptocurrency exchanges. Examples of centralised
exchanges, many of which offer fiat currency on and off ramps, include Binance, BitFinex
and OkEx. Examples of the new breed of decentralised exchanges include IDEX and
AirSwap. FunFair has no bias towards either centralized or decentralized exchanges, nor
would we recommend any particular exchange. We urge players to perform their own due
diligence before choosing the most appropriate exchange for their needs.

4.3.2 FUN issuance
The FUN token is an ERC-20 cryptocurrency on the Ethereum blockchain. It is ‘premined’,
which means that all tokens were created in one event and no more will ever be created.
Approximately 17 billion FUN tokens were created in the Token Presale on 22 June 2017
and distributed to purchasers, founders, advisors and FunFair's cold storage address
(where they were to be held for a planned Phase 2 token sale for the general public). For
full details on the 2017 Token Presale, see section 6.2 below.

4.3.3 Platform transaction fees
Small transactions fees in the form of FUN tokens are taken from each game played and
sent to a FunFair-controlled cold storage address for longer term deployment. This
removes the tokens from circulation until their optimal use has been determined.

4.3.4 Staking Pools
As many casino games offer high payout odds (e.g. 250/1 for a Royal Flush in video poker)
and casinos on the FunFair platform will all be required to send enough FUN tokens to the
Fate Channel escrow to cover any potential payout, these conditions will naturally lead to
the creation of staking pools. The exact mechanism of, and indeed the permitted thirdparty participants to, these pools is the subject of ongoing technical and legal research.

4.3.5 How FUN is used
The FUN token is intrinsic to the ecosystem and the fundamental method of interacting
with FunFair smart contracts. A cryptocurrency that has been optimised for gaming, the
FUN token serves a number of purposes:

13

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

FUN is the sole token used to purchase in-game credits (e.g. spins and chips) and
therefore the sole means of playing casino games powered by FunFair technology
Operators finance their casinos solely with FUN, accept wagers with FUN and pay
platform licensing fees with FUN
White label casino owners receive their share of net gaming revenue in FUN
Subject to agreed commercials, affiliates receive CPA or revenue share payments in
FUN
Game developers in the game creation marketplace are paid in FUN
Fees throughout the system will be charged in FUN
FUN may be used for in-game purchases in future freemium products, or the
purchase of future physical products

4.3.6 Benefits

Fast
With only one blockchain transaction needed to open a game session (in contrast to the
usual two found with other state channel solutions) and instant wagering once the
session has begun, FUN is the perfect blockchain gaming token.

Decentralised
As a fully decentralised cryptocurrency administered on the Ethereum blockchain, FUN
requires no third party (e.g. bank), and thus eliminates counterparty risk. A player’s funds
are always theirs.

Transparent
Although ownership of individual FUN tokens is anonymous, the Ethereum blockchain
provides a complete, secure ledger of transaction data whose authenticity is guaranteed –
enabling more efficient reporting and auditing.

Certainty
The FUN token is governed by a transparent set of immutable rules; FUN cannot be mined,
every token that will ever exist was created in one event and no more will ever be issued.
By creating certainty about the token’s past, present and future circulation, FUN avoids
the issues of other tokens (where more will be mined and the maximum has not been
stated) which have contributed to price volatility and hampered the progress of adoption
by merchants, institutions and other commercial participants.

Secure
Part of the Fate Channel technology is embedded within the FUN token smart contracts,
such that when FUN is combined with Fate Channels, the funds can be better protected by
restricting how and where they will be used. In the event that a casino server is
compromised (hacked), it will be significantly more difficult to steal funds, even if the
attacker has access to private keys. Unlike Ether or other cryptocurrencies, FUN tokens
can only be sent to the Fate Channel and not directly to the hacker’s account. The hacker
would most likely have to win the FUN tokens fair and square.

Frictionless

14

Fate Channels open and close with just one transaction whereas state channels which use
ETH or other tokens often require two or more transactions (which can also be dependent
on each other) which could mean the difference between minutes and seconds to open the
channel. Other payment channels that don’t have this optimisation will be slower to use,
which degrades the user experience and will make the casino less profitable.

4.3.7 Coin volatility
As Fun is a crypto asset widely available on a number of public exchanges, its value at any
given time is driven by market forces. Initially we expect ecosystem participants to adapt
to market value changes, but in the long term we will be researching how best to employ
stable coins together with the FUN token to deliver greater certainty of value for platform
participants.

4.3.8 The Future of FUN
Although platform participants will initially bring their own FUN tokens obtained from the
Token Presale or third-party exchanges, we believe frictionless blockchain gaming and
mass adoption can best be driven by the ability to buy FUN using fiat currencies. Working
with payment processors and other financial partners, we expect to enable this critical
entry point to crypto gaming in the near future.

4.4 FunPass
FunPass is a universal verification tool that allows players to verify age, ID and other
information to enable access to all casinos on the FunFair platform. FunPass speeds up
the registration process for players, a well-known pain point for all iGaming operators,
and enables them to seamlessly move between all FunFair-powered casinos.
Following successful registration, which takes just a few seconds, a player’s Ethereum
wallet is tagged on the blockchain with an approval for the FunPass. Personallyidentifiable data is held only in a private database on the FunPass server - in a GDPR
compliant way – along with one-way knowledge of their Ethereum wallet address. If a
user in the future wishes to be forgotten, their data can be deleted from the FunPass
database and this removes all trace of their personally identifiable data including
knowledge of their Ethereum address. None of this data is stored on the blockchain. Once
removed from the FunPass server, there remains no personally identifiable data on the
blockchain. An Ethereum address, on its own, cannot be used to lookup a person’s identity
without there being a corresponding entry in the FunPass database.
By removing the need for operators to use third party verification services such as
Experian (as this will now be carried out once by the FunFair platform), FunPass also
reduces overheads associated with KYC requirements for operators, while enabling the
new breed of responsible, licenced FunFair casinos to more easily comply with local
regulations.

15

At a time when the ability to set deposit and wagering limits is viewed by players as the
most useful account management toolxiii, future iterations of the FunPass will also enable
players to apply their limits to all casinos across the FunFair platform.
In the future, FunPass will also have the capacity to link into national self-exclusion
databases, as it has access to a database of approved player wallets across all operators,
making the process far more consistent and closing various loopholes.

4.5 Provable fairness
4.5.1 Definition
Provably fair games include a mechanism which allows the player to confirm the fairness
of the game process. Most current blockchain casinos claim to offer provably fair games,
but in fact offer verifiably fair games which enable the player to see if cheating has
occurred. The FunFair protocol facilitates true provably fair random numbers and games
which prevent cheating from occurring at all.
4.5.2 Current blockchain implementations
Historically, developers have generated random numbers using the blockchain or thirdparty oracles. There are risks and trust issues in using random numbers produced or
revealed on the blockchain itself. These are usually not fair because the ‘miner' (or
validator / block producer), has advance knowledge of the random number before the
block is mined, allowing the miner to censor the bet if they wish to favour the player or
casino. The resulting situation, where miners are incentivised to help player or casino win,
inevitably and unacceptably results in collusion and a total failure of fairness.
Our protocol uses Fate Channels to generate random numbers off-chain, preventing
miners from being able to see random numbers before the outcome is determined.
There are blockchains in development which have built in random number generation
using advanced methods (like BLS - threshold signatures where a group contribute to the
random generation and cannot be known in advance). These will help with random
number generation and at a future time we may decide to embrace and support such
blockchains. However, at present, no existing blockchain (Bitcoin, Ethereum, EOS, NEO)
offers secure on-chain random number generation, and as such our Fate Channel solution
is the only method of delivering genuinely provably fair gaming.
4.5.2 Our provably fair random numbers
In a traditional online casino, random numbers are generated purely by the casino’s
Remote Gaming Server (RGS). The player not only has to trust that they’re random, but
also that they’re being used in the correct order. Even if the random number generator
(RNG) has been reviewed by external auditors, casinos can employ sophisticated methods
to manipulate the RNG to favour their own prop players. Furthermore, analysis of the
random numbers would not enable auditors to ensure each random number was used in
the right game.

16

Our technology generates random numbers by combining both the player and casino’s
random numbers, generated locally on their respective devices in real time. Outcomes are
provably random, guaranteed to be within the correct sequence and thus cannot be used
out of order, eliminating the possibility of fraud.
4.5.3 Our provably fair game outcomes
In a traditional online casino, game rules are opaque, executed solely on the RGS. The
game software decides if the player has won or lost, and all outcomes are entirely decided
on the casino side.
On the FunFair platform, the game is run simultaneously on the player’s device and on the
casino’s device. Both parties discover, at the same time, who has won and there can be no
dispute. In fact, the Fate Channel’s built-in dispute resolution allows either party to
dispute the game by sending a partial game to the blockchain for an authoritative
execution with robust outcome. Since this should disrupt all attempts to cheat (both the
random numbers, and actual game outcomes are protected) this should discourage
cheating attempts since they will be futile and the cheating party will be financially and
reputationally punished.

4.6 Comparison with other technologies
FunFair-powered casinos will be superior to their internet, crypto and blockchain casino
rivals in a variety of ways. The table below illustrates the degree to which rival
technologies have succeeded in offering all the features and benefits now available on the
FunFair platform.

FunFair-powered casino advantages: Full = Success. Half = Limited success. Empty = Failure

17

In addition to the more obvious features that distinguish FunFair from other technologies,
the following comparisons can also help to show the far-reaching impact FunFair will
have.
Generalised definitions of the above categories:
•
•
•

•

FunFair-powered casino: Utilise Fate Channels and smart contracts on the
Ethereum blockchain. Examples include CasinoFair.
Blockchain casinos: Utilise smart contracts on respective blockchains. Examples
include Etheroll and Edgeless.
Crypto casinos: Based on Remote Game Serves (RGS) and utilise cryptocurrency as
a means of deposit and withdrawal via operator held wallet. Examples include
BitStars and Bitcasino.
Internet casinos: Based on RGS and utilise fiat currency as a means of deposit and
withdrawal via operator held wallet. Examples include William Hill and Ladbrokes.

4.6.1 Where are games run from?
In incumbent internet casinos, the game is 100% run remotely. No game is executed - nor
outcome decided - on the player’s own device. The operator’s server is known as a
Remote Gaming Server (RGS).
The player’s device runs a ‘dumb terminal’, a representation of the game. Yet all of the
gameplay, the outcomes and the random elements come solely from the RGS. The
player’s device does not execute the game or contribute in any way to the outcome. The
player is merely viewing the results of the game that has been executed remotely.
On the FunFair platform, games are run both locally on the player’s device and
simultaneously on the casino’s server, which guarantees fairness. The two devices –
player and casino - run in lock-step and are able to check each other at each step (internal
transaction) to ensure veracity and prevent cheating.
The blockchain is used to provide the authoritative source of the games. All games are
created, and outcomes are decided using smart contracts, executed in real time using a
Fate Channel which provides a cheatproof game and settles payments between the player
and casino independently.
The above description is a simplified version of where the game is actually run. The reality
is that although the game is executed on (and random numbers are chosen by) player and
operator devices, the smart contracts that decide the game outcomes are usually
executed remotely by whatever Ethereum node was being used by the player’s internet
browser. For instance, if the player was using the MetaMask plugin for their web browser,
their connection to the Ethereum network will be remote and most likely it would be using
Infura, so the smart contract may execute on Infura’s servers. In the event of a dispute, the
disputed element of the smart contract would be pushed onto the main chain and would
be executed by multiple Ethereum miners in parallel, who would use consensus
algorithms to agree the outcome. Similarly, the operator may choose to run its own
Ethereum node or may use someone else’s (like Infura or a third party).

18

4.6.2 How decentralised is the FunFair protocol?
The FunFair protocol is principally open source. FUN token smart contracts, game rules
encoded in smart contracts and Fate Channel smart contracts are all open source. The
games themselves are not open source and are copyrighted to their respective owners.
These do not form part of the FunFair protocol and platform.
The FUN token itself is as decentralised as every token built to the ERC-20 standard. A
fixed supply of FUN was created publicly and transparently on the blockchain on the day
of issuance and has since been actively traded on open markets independently from any
control by FunFair.
FunFair games require no central Remote Gaming Server, instead being run entirely by
decentralised smart contracts. Games are run simultaneously on both the player’s own
device and the operator’s Fate Channel server, to ensure fairness.
Fate Channels are run by a multitude of casino operators, each one acting independently
in a similar manner to Ethereum blockchain miners. A casino’s Fate Channel server is not
reliant on and does not communicate with any other operator servers, and only with the
FunFair platform to process KYC procedures.

5 Key Benefits
As the FunFair protocol and platform underpin an entire decentralised gaming ecosystem,
it offers far reaching benefits for a wide range of individuals and organisations, beginning
with the end user.

5.1 For Players
According to the UK Gambling Commission, an operator’s fair and trustworthy reputation
is the number one motivator for players when choosing a casino, and yet just 37% of those
who gambled online in the last 12 months believe gaming is fair and can be trustedxiv.
Despite offering many other advantages over both traditional online casinos and their
crypto cousins, the FunFair platform’s core mission will always be to deliver fair, secure
and transparent gaming.
Fair, secure and transparent
With games whose fairness is simple to verify and payments managed by smart
contracts, not casinos, FunFair’s technology gives players the ultimate peace of mind.
Convenience
Operators have long understood that reducing friction at the points of registration and
deposit has a direct and significant impact on acquisition and conversion. FunFair's killer
combination of one-time, universal identity verification and next generation crypto
payments will rewrite the rules of convenient, user-friendly gaming.

19

Entertainment
Casinos on the FunFair platform offer a user experience that’s as fast and smooth as any
traditional casino, along with a wider variety of game content from the developer
marketplace.

5.2 For Operators
In 2018, gaming operators face rising operational costs due to changes in taxation and the
regulatory landscape. For existing operators to remain competitive and new operators to
grab market share, they must develop innovative, differentiating products while meeting
ever-increasing standards in social responsibility. FunFair's provably fair, low cost,
mobile-friendly platform can position operators to successfully tackle all of these
challenges.
Fair, secure and transparent
By guaranteeing that games are fair and enabling players themselves to verify that
outcomes are truly random and games have not been tampered with, FunFair's casino
technology will increase player trust in the casinos they use. Our hypothesis, which we
expect to be confirmed by the first FunFair-powered casinos later this year, is that
increased trust positively impacts loyalty and retention, reduces churn and ultimately
drives greater profitability.
Efficient
With software powered by decentralised smart contracts, the cost of remote gaming
servers is eliminated. Traditional database costs will be slashed too as transactions and
customer data are stored on the blockchain. Smart contracts-powered payments will see
an end to many internal and third-party costs such as card fees and chargebacks, while
the FunPass will reduce the considerable cost of complying with KYC and AML regulations.
It is conceivable that FunFair-powered casinos can, in the near future, run with no
technical, security or payments teams whatsoever.
Simple setup
By removing the need to work with payments providers, data centres and other
infrastructure partners, our streamlined enterprise solution can enable the launch of a
new casino within days rather than months.
People or organisations who wish to create a white label casino (run by an existing
FunFair operator who shares a percentage of the revenue) will experience an even faster
setup process.
New audience
The marked increase in public awareness of Bitcoin in 2017 has driven a massive
expansion in the number of people who have interacted with cryptocurrencies or
blockchain technology. With over 35 million addresses and 240 million transactions since
the Ethereum blockchain was launched, cryptocurrencies are here to stayxv. The attributes
of crypto enthusiasts also fit the VIP demographics operators seek most; male, 18-40, high
net worth and tech savvy. That audience includes a ready-made global community of over
20

60,000 FUN token holdersxvi who have already demonstrated a deep commitment to the
FunFair platform and its values.
FunFair operators will be the first movers and best equipped to establish dominance in
this new market, using technology as potentially transformative as the internet was for
gaming.

5.3 For Affiliates
In an increasingly competitive space, blockchain-powered games offer affiliates a unique
opportunity to diversify their portfolio, differentiate from other affiliates, target the fastgrowing cryptocurrency audience and reactivate lapsed customer databases. But by
enabling anyone to run a casino with minimal setup and lower overheads, the positive
disruption of the traditional gaming affiliate model may be the most revolutionary impact
of the FunFair platform.
Affiliates as operators
FunFair-powered casinos are simpler and cheaper to run, which means affiliates can now
be operators too. Our complete enterprise solution eliminates most risks and challenges
faced by traditional iGaming operators, enabling affiliates to leverage their brand,
database and marketing expertise for a greater share of the profits. Our partnership with
poker affiliate powerhouse RakeTheRake is the first example of how FunFair technology
will empower a new generation of casino operator.
With far shorter integration times than current industry benchmarks, lower headcount
and minimal server requirements, the FunFair solution empowers those who were
previously not able to host a casino, to do so.
Decentralised gaming technology removes the need for costly remote gaming servers and
eliminates many other database costs. Enhanced security and automated, trustless
transactions prevent game and payment related fraud, enabling payments, support and
security teams to be streamlined while reducing the risks that may dissuade affiliates
from choosing a less predictable revenue model.
New audience
By using the FunFair platform, both new affiliate-operators and existing affiliates will be
able to access a new global audience who enjoy gambling and come with significant
crypto-wealth. Those interested in blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies are twice
as likely to be male than female, and millennial than older demographicsxvii, making them
an ideal long term audience proposition. Access to the FunFair platform also comes with a
ready-made community of motivated FUN token holders waiting on the release of the first
FunFair-powered casinos.
Fairness, efficiency and better payments
Fairer, safer gaming will be the key driver of acquisition on the FunFair platform,
attracting new players to online gaming and persuading existing gamers to give
blockchain games a try. But it’s not only the players who benefit. Affiliates can be certain
that game data is authentic, and that payments from operators will be received on time,
every time.
21

With no need for third party payment providers, blockchain technology streamlines the
payments process between players, casinos and affiliates. Affiliates who continue to
perform their usual role for operators within the FunFair ecosystem are paid in FUN
tokens, with revenue calculated in a transparent way by blockchain-powered smart
contracts and distributed as soon as games are finished.
Blockchain data’s accuracy is guaranteed, which eliminates human error and disputes,
while the single source of player and game data enables simpler, faster and lower cost
access to reporting.

5.4 For Developers
Blockchain innovation and the growing global network of crypto developers and
applications brings fascinating challenges and a wealth of opportunities.
Innovation
Working with blockchain technology like Ethereum, and smart contract-enabling
programming languages like Solidity is challenging, exciting and fast-paced. Joining forces
with the world leader in crypto gaming technology will also position developers for a
future where blockchain experience will be invaluable.
Opportunity
FunFair’s platform includes a marketplace for developers to distribute fun, provably fair
game content to the growing global crypto gaming audience. In a pioneering new revenue
model, developers will be paid instantly in FUN tokens at the end of every session.
Fair and open
By building games on blockchain technology, developers will help make gaming fairer for
millions of players across the globe and build their reputation as a responsible games
supplier. FunFair’s transparent, automated platform also bridges the gaps between
developers, casinos and players, providing an accurate source of real time data.

5.5 For Regulators
Thanks to the blockchain's inherent transparency and security, our technology makes
gaming fairer and safer for the public while delivering operational efficiencies for
regulators. With unprecedented levels of player protection, the FunFair platform will
spawn a new generation of more socially responsible operators.
Fair and open
‘Provably fair’ technology is unique to blockchain gaming and enables players to verify
that game outcomes were truly random, accurate and fair. Instant, guaranteed payments
automated by smart contracts prevent an array of issues, not least casinos unfairly
withholding funds (against which UK regulators acted in 2017)xviii.

22

Safe and Secure
The FunPass KYC tool can verify information such as age, identity and source of funds,
effectively combating criminal activity and protecting children and vulnerable people from
harm. Tamperproof software and innovations such as smart contracts can eliminate most
types of payments and game-related fraud or operator malfeasance.
Efficient
Decentralised blockchain technology provides a secure source of accurate, real-time,
immutable data which can reduce time, human error and cost in auditing gaming market
activity. FunFair's automated, real time dispute resolution functionality can revolutionise
the dispute process, reverse the trend of rising consumer complaintsxix and slash the
reported 46 daysxx on average that it takes for a dispute to be resolved.

6 Company
6.1 Overview
FunFair Technologies was founded in 2017 by Jez San OBE, Jeremy Longley and Oliver
Hopton to bring unprecedented transparency to online gaming, using blockchain
technology.
A Showcase platform, featuring a number of prototype casino games using Fate Channels
on a test Ethereum network, was released in June 2017 ahead of a Token Presale, the
proceeds of which enabled the company to rapidly expand its operations. Registered in
Singapore with offices in London and Dublin, FunFair has now expanded to over 50 staff
including former executives from William Hill, Pokerstars, bwin.party and Oddschecker
with over 100 years of combined iGaming experience.
A limited public closed beta test version of the platform was released on Mainnet in May
2018xxi, followed by the public launch of the platform itself in September. The first casino –
CasinoFair – operated by TTM BV, part of the FunFair group, launched simultaneously. A
second casino from market leading poker affiliate RakeTheRake is expected to launch in
Q4 2018, while work continues to bring further casinos onto the platform as soon
afterwards as possible.

6.2 Token Presale
In June 2017, FunFair announced a Phase 1 Token Presale aimed primarily at institutional
buyers, ahead of a proposed public Phase 2 Token Sale later that year. Proceeds from the
Presale would be used to fund development of the platform, marketing & PR, and business
development.
The token presale commenced on 22 June 2017 and closed four hours later once the soft
and hard caps had been reached. Approximately $26 million was generated with over 80%
of tokens sold to institutional purchasers. The presale was restricted geographically to
address regulatory concerns.

23

By employing ICO innovations such as the funfund.eth ENS, gas-efficient Multi-Mint
Technology and a soft/hard cap format, the award-winning presale was free from fraud
and had no negative impact on the performance of the Ethereum blockchain.
In October 2017, FunFair announced that due to a number of regulatory, commercial and
legal considerations, the planned Phase 2 Token Sale proposed in the original whitepaper
would no longer take place. Of the 11.173B tokens retained in the Phase 1 Presale for the
Phase 2 Sale, 6.173B (55%) were viewed as surplus to requirements and therefore burned,
permanently removing them from circulation. The remaining 4.7B (45%) tokens were held
in cold storage for future sale to institutions or large token buyers. FunFair has committed
to restrict future token sales to a maximum of 1B per year for four years, and an additional
0.7B tokens for the fifth and final year. To date FunFair has sold less than ¼ of its
allocation of tokens in the first year. FunFair has also committed to minimising use of the
cold storage reserves unless commercial or financial needs require it.

6.3 Team
FunFair technologies is one of the largest and fastest growing Ethereum-based
development companies in the world, run by people with a proven record of innovation,
operational excellence and commercial success . Our team includes blockchain engineers,
game developers, gaming sector veterans, marketing personnel, regulatory experts and a
visionary tech entrepreneur, all united by a passion to deliver fun, fair and transparent
gaming for the mass market.
To view full details of the current FunFair team, please visit https://funfair.io/how-itworks/our-team/.

Jez San OBE – Founder, CEO
Jez was inspired to become a computer game developer in the 1970s, and after playing the
first ever massively multiplayer game Multi-User Dungeon (MUD) he founded one of the
earliest British games developers, Argonaut in 1982, creating multiple multi-millionselling video games including Star Fox, Croc, and Harry Potter. Jez was a pioneer in the
field of real-time 3D computer graphics and his first game, StarGlider, was one of the
earliest 3D games ever published. He co-invented the Super FX graphics RISC processor
for Nintendo, the first custom chip to render 3D computer graphics in a game system. Jez
has maintained an active role in computer games and online gaming, including work with
console game developers Ninja Theory, mobile developer Origin8 and until recently
PKR.com, a leading 3D online poker room.
Jez is also an angel investor and some of his investments have included the artificial
intelligence pioneer DeepMind Technologies (acquired by Google in 2014) and the
cryptocurrency exchange Kraken. In 2002, Jez was made an Officer of the Most Excellent
Order of the British Empire for services to computer games.
Jeremy Longley – Founder, CTO
Jeremy is a highly experienced, versatile, passionate, analytical leader with over 15 years’
experience managing technology teams. In 2005 he co-founded the online gaming site
24

PKR.com with Jez San and served as its CTO, leading a team of over 100 technical
employees to develop an award-winning fully 3D game environment. PKR developed a
range of 2D and 3D casino games, including iOS, Android and HTML5 products as well as a
customization avatar system. Jeremy has also led development of a full in-site account
management and cashier system, and systems integration with third-party providers
including PlayTech, OpenBet and Ladbrokes/GBE as well as extensive back office and
business intelligence functionality.
Oliver Hopton - Founder, Developer
Oliver is an experience developer and team lead with over 15 years’ experience building
gaming products. He spent 10 years working at online poker room PKR as Software
Development Manager working on a huge variety of administration tools and integrations
with 3rd party gaming content and providers. Heavily involved in technical compliance for
gaming license applications in Guernsey, the UK, France, Italy and Denmark. He then spent
18 months as CTO of EveryFan, responsible for architecting and building a UK facing sports
betting product.
Professional Advisors
As we are inventing software at the bleeding edge of gaming innovation, while aiming to
positively disrupt a fast-changing global industry with a complex regulatory landscape, it
is essential that we do so in the context of advice from a variety of expert professional
advisers, a selection of whom is listed below:

25

Name

Type

Notes

Harris Hagan LLP

Legal

Provide advice relating to United Kingdom
Gambling Law.

Kevin de Haan QC

Legal

Provide advice relating to UK and International
gambling legislation.

Ifrah Law LLP

Legal

Provide advice pertaining to US law.

Bird & Bird LLP

Legal

Providing general legal advice.

Wiggin LLP

Legal

Provide general advice pertaining to global
gambling law.

WH Partners

Legal

Provide advice on gambling and blockchain law
and regulations in Malta.

Isolas LLP

Legal

Provide advice on gambling and FinTech laws and
regulation in Gibraltar.

BDO LLP

Financial

Provide general accounting services and advice
on compliance with UK and international tax law.

RHT Taylor Wessing LLP

Legal

Provide advice pertaining to Singaporean
securities and corporate law.

Gowlings WLG LLP

Legal

Provide general advice around securities and
anti-money laundering legislation.

OMM LLP

Legal

Providing legal advice around US securities law.

6.4 A strategy for success
We aim to empower a new generation of operators with fair, secure, efficient and userfriendly gaming through the deployment of our plug and play decentralised casino
platform.
We will deliver that vision by focusing on a number of key strategic areas; raising
consumer awareness, increasing the number of operators, building the utility of the FUN
protocol and driving B2B revenues.
Progress in those areas, leading to successful adoption of the FunFair protocol, will be
best achieved by communicating a compelling proposition for players, educating the
public, trade and government bodies on the benefits of our technology, and advancing
research and product development.
Ecosystem partners such as affiliate-turned-operator RakeTheRake and games providers
Spike Games and Big Wave Games will also contribute to FunFair’s success. Partners from
the blockchain sector will be particularly important. Our work with digital identity
platform Yoti, identity data intelligence firms GB Group Plc and Accuris, decentralised
token marketplace AirSwap and Ethereum wallet browser extension Metamask will
further enhance the FunFair offering.
A fundamental pillar of our strategic approach is an understanding of how our emerging
technology is impacted by – and can benefit - the complex, fragmented and evolving
regulatory environments within global gaming.
We believe in progressive regulation and its role in enabling fairer, safer gaming for
consumers. Given the direction of travel for many gambling regulatory regimes with an
increased focus on fairness and player protection, it is no surprise that many regulators,
such as the Malta Gaming Authority, have already shown a willingness to explore how
blockchain might help them achieve their licensing objectives.
Funfair will continue to seek licensure in a number of top tier regulatory jurisdictions and
will continue to work with regulators, particularly (but not exclusively) with those who
have stated their desire to establish blockchain-friendly frameworks by either introducing
new legislation, amending existing legislation or running regulatory sandbox projects.
All of FunFair’s senior management team have lengthy experience with working in
regulated markets at leading gaming operators and are uniquely placed to guide FunFair’s
strategy in a way that is compatible with applicable law, wherever it wishes to offer its
services.
Our strategic plan also features an initial learning phase which enables us to analyse the
technological, commercial and practical impacts of the platform via a Direct To Consumer
proposition, before scaling the network with smaller and larger operators.
26

6.5 Direct To Consumer
In September 2018, TTM BV, a wholly owned subsidiary of the FunFair Group, launched a
fully licenced casino on the FunFair platform. TTM BV is run as a separate business unit
within the Group with its own board of directors and operational team and is supplied with
the Funfair platform on an arm’s length basis to ensure it operates on the same terms as
all other third-party operator partners. A corporate government policy framework is also
in place to ensure it will not otherwise receive any preferential treatment by dint of it
being inside the FunFair group.
Although FunFair will remain first and foremost a B2B blockchain technology provider,
this independent venture will be used to accelerate our learnings about the platform and
token ecosystem, giving us valuable insight into the life of an operator and player
behaviour, and enabling rapid product improvements. The gaming licence held by this new
company will also enable us to provide the platform as a white label solution to brand
owners without requiring them to hold their own licence.

6.6 Milestones
In the 12 months since the Token Presale, the FunFair Team has rapidly scaled up its
operations to complete milestones stated in the original whitepaper – Fate Channels
iterations, new games, beta release and more. For a more detailed history and an up to
date version of our Roadmap, please visit https://funfair.io/latest/roadmap/.
Milestones completed
●

April 2017: First off chain scaling for gaming applications demonstrated

● June 2017: First version of working games on Fate Channels in Show Case prototype
form on testnet (non-gambling)
●

June 2017: Whitepaper release & Token Presale

● December 2017: Further versions of Fate Channels released on testnet (nongambling)
●

April 2018: Partnership with Spike Games announced

●

June 2018: Showcase release, Treasures from the Crypto slot release, Beta release

● July 2018: Fate of Thrones slot release, Big Wave Gaming partnership, FunDice
release, RakeTheRake operator partnership
●

September 2018: Granted Curacao Online Gambling Licence

●

September 2018: FunPass beta release

●

September 2018: v2.0 White Paper released

●

September 2018: First brand launch, CasinoFair

27

7. Risks
The purchase of tokens involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the
risks described below, together with all of the other information contained in FunFair’s
terms and conditions before deciding to purchase FUN. The following risks entail
circumstances under which, our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects could suffer.
Risks associated with the purchase of FUN

FunFair may not successfully develop, market and launch the Funfair platform
Although a limited public closed beta version of the platform was released for testing in
May 2018, the FunFair technology platform has not yet been fully developed by the
Company and it will require additional funding, as well as developer and management
expertise, time and effort in order to develop and successfully launch the FunFair
platform. The Company may have to make changes to the specifications of the FunFair
technology platform or FUN tokens for any number of legitimate reasons or the Company
may be unable to develop the FunFair technology platform in a way that realizes those
specifications or any form of a functioning platform. It is possible that the Funfair
platform may not ever be released and there may never be an operational FUN Token.
Furthermore, despite good faith efforts to develop and launch the FunFair platform and
subsequently to develop and maintain the FunFair technology platform, it is still possible
that the FunFair platform will experience malfunctions or otherwise fail to be adequately
developed or maintained, which may negatively impact FunFair and FUN tokens. Startups
often experience unexpected problems in the areas of product development, marketing,
financing, and general management, among others, which frequently cannot be solved.
Similarly, casinos may fail to adopt the FunFair platform for any reason.
If the Company is not successful in its efforts to demonstrate to users the utility and value
of the FunFair platform, there may be little demand for the platform and thus less use for
FUN. As a result, the price of FUN could drop, potentially to zero.

FunFair may be forced to cease operations or take actions that result in a Dissolution
Event.
It is possible that, due to any number of reasons, including, but not limited to, an
unfavorable fluctuation in the value of cryptographic and fiat currencies, the inability by
the Company to establish a launch of the FunFair platform and the FUN tokens’ utility, the
failure of commercial relationships, regulatory action, or intellectual property ownership
challenges, the Company may no longer be viable to operate and the Company may
dissolve or take actions that result in a Dissolution Event.

The tax treatment of FUN is uncertain and there may be adverse tax consequences for
purchasers.
The tax characterization of the FUN tokens is uncertain, and each purchaser must seek its
own tax advice in connection with a purchase or transaction involving FUN for the
jurisdiction(s) relevant to the purchaser.
Risks associated with the FUN tokens and the FunFair technology platform

The FunFair technology platform may not be widely adopted and may have limited users.
28

It is possible that the FunFair technology platform will not be used by a large number of
individuals, companies and other entities or that there will be limited public interest in the
creation and development of a blockchain-based online gaming platform. Such a lack of
use or interest could negatively impact the development of the FunFair platform and
therefore the potential utility of FUN tokens.

Alternative platforms may be established that compete with or are more widely used than
the FunFair technology platform.
It is possible that alternative platforms could be established that utilize the same or
similar technology underlying the FunFair technology platform and attempt to facilitate
online gaming platforms that are materially similar to the FunFair platform. The FunFair
platform may compete with these alternative platforms, which could negatively impact
the FunFair platform and the FUN tokens.

The open-source structure of the FunFair technology platform means that the FunFair
technology platform may be susceptible to developments by users or contributors that
could damage the FunFair technology platform or the Company’s reputation and could
affect the utilization of the FunFair technology platform and the FUN tokens.
The FunFair platform will operate based primarily on an open-source technology
maintained by the Company and other contributors. The open-source nature of the
FunFair technology platform means that it may be difficult for the Company or
contributors to maintain or develop the FunFair technology platform and the Company
may not have adequate resources to address emerging issues or malicious programs that
develop within the FunFair technology platform adequately or in a timely manner. Third
parties not affiliated with the Company may introduce weaknesses or bugs into the core
infrastructure elements of the FunFair technology platform and open-source code which
may negatively impact the FunFair technology platform. Such events may result in a loss
of trust in the security and operation of the FunFair technology platform and a decline in
user activity and could negatively impact the market price of the FUN tokens.

The FunFair technology platform may be the target of malicious cyberattacks or may
contain exploitable flaws in its underlying code, which may result in security breaches and
the loss or theft of FUN tokens. If the FunFair technology platform’s security is
compromised or if the FunFair technology platform is subjected to attacks that frustrate
or thwart our users’ ability to access the FunFair platform or their FUN tokens, then users
may cut back on or stop using the FunFair platform altogether, which could seriously
curtail the utilization of the FUN tokens and cause a decline in the market price of the FUN
tokens.
Risks related to blockchain technologies and digital assets

The regulatory regime governing the blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies, tokens
and token offerings such as the FunFair platform and the FUN tokens is uncertain, and
new regulations or policies may materially adversely affect the development of the
FunFair platform and the utility of the FUN tokens.
Regulation of tokens (including the FUN tokens) and token offerings, cryptocurrencies,
blockchain technologies, and cryptocurrency exchanges currently is undeveloped and
likely to rapidly evolve, varies significantly among international, federal, state and local
jurisdictions and is subject to significant uncertainty and variability. Various legislative
29

and executive bodies Singapore, the E.U, the United States and in other countries may, in
the future, adopt laws, regulations, guidance, or other actions, which may severely impact
the development and growth of the FunFair platform and the adoption and utility of the
FUN tokens. Failure by the Company or certain users of the FunFair platform to comply
with any laws, rules and regulations, some of which may not exist yet or are subject to
interpretation and may be subject to change, could result in a variety of adverse
consequences, including civil penalties and fines.
The regulation of non-currency use of blockchain assets is also uncertain. The CFTC has
publicly taken the position that certain blockchain assets are commodities, and the SEC
has issued a public report stating U.S. federal securities laws require treating some
blockchain assets as securities. To the extent that a government or quasi-governmental
agency exerts regulatory authority over a blockchain network or asset, the FunFair
platform and the FUN tokens may be materially and adversely affected.
Blockchain networks also face an uncertain regulatory landscape in many non-U.S.
jurisdictions such as the European Union, China and Russia. Various non-U.S. jurisdictions
may, in the near future, adopt laws, regulations or directives that affect the FunFair
platform. Such laws, regulations or directives may conflict with those of the U.S. or may
directly and negatively impact our business. The effect of any future regulatory change is
impossible to predict, but such change could be substantial and materially adverse to the
development and growth of the FunFair platform and the adoption and utility of the FUN
tokens.
New or changing laws and regulations or interpretations of existing laws and regulations,
in the U.S. and other jurisdictions, may materially and adversely impact the value of the
currency in which the FUN tokens may be exchanged, the liquidity of the FUN tokens, the
ability to access marketplaces or exchanges on which to trade the FUN tokens, and the
structure, rights and transferability of FUN tokens.

This Issuance of FUN tokens May Constitute the Issuance of a “Security” Under U.S.
Federal Securities Laws
The FUN token is a utility token that has a specific consumptive use – i.e., it allows
participants in the FunFair platform (i.e. through an online casino using FunFair
technology) to receive and pay value for online gaming services on a distributed network
with significant advantages over current online gaming services. Due to the nature of the
FUN Token, we do not think it should be considered a “security” as that term is defined in
the Securities Act.
We believe that the FUN Token should not be considered a “security” under U.S. federal
securities laws. Nevertheless, initial sales were restricted from U.S. buyers. As noted by
the SEC, the issuance of tokens represents a new paradigm and the application of the
federal securities laws to this new paradigm is very fact specific. If the FUN Token were
deemed to be a security under U.S. federal securities laws then, prior to the sale of FUN
tokens to U.S. purchasers, we may be required to register with the U.S. SEC. Doing so
might have negative impacts on the FUN Token in other jurisdictions.

Purchasers of FUN will have no control and the Company may only have limited control
once the launch of the FunFair platform occurs.

30

The FunFair platform is comprised of open-source technologies that depend on a network
of computers to run certain software programs to process transactions. Because of this
less centralized model, the Company has limited control over the FUN tokens and the
FunFair platform once launched. In addition, token holders are not and will not be entitled,
to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of capital stock of the Company for
any purpose, nor will anything be construed to confer on the token holder any of the rights
of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or upon
any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold
consent to any corporate action or to receive notice of meetings, or to receive subscription
rights or otherwise.

Purchasers may lack information for monitoring the value of FUN
The Purchaser may not be able to obtain all information it would want regarding the
Company, FUN tokens, or the FunFair platform, on a timely basis or at all. It is possible that
the purchaser may not be aware on a timely basis of material adverse changes that have
occurred with respect to the FunFair platform. While the Company has made efforts to use
open-source development for the FUN tokens, this information may be highly technical by
nature. As a result of these difficulties, as well as other uncertainties, a FUN token holder
may not have accurate or accessible information about the FunFair platform.

FUN tokens have no history.
The FUN tokens have no history. Past performance of the Company, or any similar token,
is not predictive of future results. Each purchase should be evaluated on the basis of the
purchaser’s desire to use the FUN token for its intended gaming purpose.

If the FunFair platform is unable to satisfy online gaming requirements or needs, security,
privacy, and other government and/or industry-specific requirements, its growth could be
harmed.
There are a number of online gaming, security, privacy and other government- and
industry-specific requirements or concerns, including those that require companies to
notify individuals of data security incidents involving certain types of personal data.
Security compromises could harm FunFair’s reputation, erode user confidence in the
effectiveness of its security measures, negatively impact its ability to attract new users,
or cause existing users to stop using the FunFair platform. Government enforcement
actions against tokens and/or blockchains because of the potential money laundering
concerns or enabling of illicit transactions could significantly harm the viability of the
FunFair platform and the value of the FUN tokens.

The further development and acceptance of blockchain networks, including the FunFair
platform, which are part of a new and rapidly changing industry, are subject to a variety of
factors that are difficult to evaluate. The slowing or stopping of the development or
acceptance of blockchain networks and blockchain assets would have a material adverse
effect on the successful development and adoption of the FunFair platform and the FUN
tokens.
The growth of the blockchain industry in general, as well as the blockchain networks with
which the FunFair platform will rely and interact, is subject to a high degree of
uncertainty. The factors affecting the further development of the cryptocurrency industry,
as well as blockchain networks, include, without limitation:
31

•
•

•
•
•

•
•

Worldwide growth in the adoption and use of Ethereum, and other blockchain
technologies;
Government and quasi-government regulation of Ethereum, and other blockchain
assets and their use, or restrictions on or regulation of access to and operation of
blockchain networks or similar systems;
The maintenance and development of the open-source software protocol of the
Ethereum networks;
Changes in consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences;
The availability and popularity of other forms or methods of buying and selling
goods and services, or trading assets including new means of using fiat currencies
or existing networks;
General economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating to
cryptocurrencies; or:
A decline in the popularity or acceptance of Ethereum or other blockchain-based
tokens would adversely affect our results of operations.

The slowing or stopping of the development, general acceptance and adoption and usage
of blockchain networks and blockchain assets may deter or delay the acceptance and
adoption of the FunFair technology platform and the FUN tokens.

The prices of blockchain assets are extremely volatile. Fluctuations in the price of digital
assets could materially and adversely affect our business, and the FUN tokens may also
be subject to significant price volatility.
The prices of blockchain assets such as Ethereum have historically been subject to
dramatic fluctuations and are highly volatile, and the market price of the FUN tokens may
also be highly volatile. Several factors may influence the market price of the FUN tokens,
including, but not limited to:
•
•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

32

Global blockchain asset supply;
Global blockchain asset demand, which can be influenced by the growth of retail
merchants’ and commercial businesses’ acceptance of blockchain assets like
cryptocurrencies as payment for goods and services, the security of online
blockchain asset exchanges and digital wallets that hold blockchain assets, the
perception that the use and holding of blockchain assets is safe and secure, and
the regulatory restrictions on their use;
Changes in the software, software requirements or hardware requirements
underlying the FunFair platform;
Changes in the rights, obligations, incentives, or rewards for the various
participants in the FunFair platform;
Interest rates;
Currency exchange rates, including the rates at which digital assets may be
exchanged for fiat currencies;
Fiat currency withdrawal and deposit policies of blockchain asset exchanges on
which the FUN tokens may be traded and liquidity on such exchanges;
Interruptions in service from or failures of major blockchain asset exchanges on
which the FUN tokens may be traded;
Trading activities of large-scale traders, including private and registered funds,
that may directly or indirectly purchase FUN tokens or other blockchain assets;

•
•
•
•
•

Monetary policies of governments, trade restrictions, currency devaluations and
revaluations;
Regulatory measures, if any, that affect the use of blockchain assets such as the
FUN tokens;
The maintenance and development of the open-source software protocol of the
FUN tokens;
Global or regional political, economic or financial events and situations; or
Expectations among FunFair platform or other blockchain assets participants that
the value of the FUN tokens or other blockchain assets will soon change.

A decrease in the price of a single blockchain asset may cause volatility in the entire
blockchain asset industry and may affect other blockchain assets including the FUN
tokens. For example, a security breach that affects investor or user confidence in
Ethereum may affect the industry as a whole and may also cause the price of the FUN
tokens and other blockchain assets to fluctuate.

Disclaimer
The document is a marketing document and is not intended to be legally binding. Nothing in
this document shall be deemed to constitute a prospectus of any sort or a solicitation for
investment, nor does it in any way pertain to an offering or a solicitation of an offer to buy
any securities in any jurisdiction. This document does not constitute an offer to sell, or a
solicitation of an offer to buy, an interest in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful to make
such an offer or solicitation. The information in this document does not constitute a
recommendation by any person, nor does it constitute advice on the merits of participation
in any purchase of Draw tokens or any other cryptographic token or currency. Nor has the
information contained in this document been approved by any regulatory agency or
governmental authority of any kind.
Potential purchasers should refer to the Funfair Terms and Conditions, as available on the
Funfair website from time to time for the terms of the token sales and a non-exhaustive
analysis of the risks involved in purchasing FUN Tokens. You will be required to agree to the
Funfair Terms and Conditions before purchasing any FUN Tokens.
Participants must make their own independent assessment, after making such
investigations as they consider necessary, of the merits of purchasing any FUN tokens.
Participants should consult and rely upon their accounting, legal and tax representatives
and advisers in order to evaluate the economic, legal and tax consequences of purchasing
FUN Tokens.
Certain statements contained in this document may constitute forward-looking statements
or speak to future events or plans. Such forward-looking statements or information involve
known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual events to differ
materially.
33

This White Paper may be translated into languages other than English. If and to the extent
that the terms in the non-English versions of the document conflict with the English
language versions of the document, the English language version will control and govern.

34

8. Notes
i

http://www.gamblingcommission.gov.uk/PDF/survey-data/Gambling-participation-in-2017-behaviour-awareness-and-attitudes.pdf p.32
To be referred to as the ‘FUN token’ for the remainder of this document
iii H2 Capital Feb 2018
http://www.igamingbusiness.com/news/igaming-dashboard-february-2018, with € figures converted to $
iv E.g. Ultimate Bet, Absolute Poker and Full Tilt Poker scandals
v UK licences require a minimum ‘basic level of protection’ where funds are not segregated in the event of insolvency. See
https://www.gamblingcommission.gov.uk/for-the-public/Your-rights/Protection-of-customer-funds.aspx for more. New Jersey operators
are only required to keep funds in a separate account, offering little protection in reality. See
https://www.nj.gov/oag/ge/docs/Regulations/MergedRegulations110413.pdf for more.
vivi In most cases, they are only required to have enough capital to cover player funds at the daily close of business, rather than a $1m slot
jackpot win, for example.
vii
https://www.liquorandgaming.nsw.gov.au/Documents/gaming-and-wagering/problems-withgambling/research/4.%20Interactice%20Gambling%20study.pdf p.128
viii
https://infohub.gambleaware.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/Wood-Williams-2009.pdf
ix GVC, The Stars Group, Paddy Power Betfair, Kindred Group
x
Taken from https://etherscan.io/token/0x419d0d8bdd9af5e606ae2232ed285aff190e711b on 21 Sept 2018.
xi https://incomeaccess.com/contenthub/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/IA_Survey-Report_FINAL_March-7-2018.pdf
xii
Gaming affiliates receive payments by agreement with operators when players who they have referred go on to play at FunFair casinos,
referred to as ‘Affiliate revenue’ for the remainder of this document. Affiliate revenue is therefore a single payment (Cost Per Acquisition
or ‘CPA’) or percentage share of net gaming revenue (‘revenue share’) from each player they refer, and not a feature of the FUN token
itself.
xiii
http://www.gamblingcommission.gov.uk/PDF/survey-data/Gambling-participation-in-2017-behaviour-awareness-and-attitudes.pdf p.27
xiv
http://www.gamblingcommission.gov.uk/PDF/survey-data/Gambling-participation-in-2017-behaviour-awareness-and-attitudes.pdf p.47
xv https://media.consensys.net/blockchain-by-the-numbers-33-stats-on-ethereum-and-consensys-738cb1637cb3
xvi Taken from
https://etherscan.io/token/0x419d0d8bdd9af5e606ae2232ed285aff190e711b on 21 Sept 2018.
xvii https://www.forbes.com/sites/spencerbogart/2017/11/08/7-stats-that-highlight-a-millennial-propensity-for-bitcoin
xviii https://www.gov.uk/government/news/cma-launches-enforcement-action-against-gambling-firms
xix https://www.gamblingcommission.gov.uk/PDF/Complaints-processes-in-the-gambling-industry.pdf
xx https://www.ibas-uk.com/media/1061/ibas-submission-to-gc-consultation-on-remote-technical-standards-january-2017.pdf
ii

xxi

Although testing took place on Mainnet with FUN tokens, ownership of tokens throughout the test remained with FunFair, while other
conditions were also put in place to ensure the test did not fall within the remit of relevant gaming legislation.

35

COP YRI G HT © 201 8 FU N FAIR T ECHNOLOGIES . A L L RIGH T S RES ERV ED.
GRAND UNI ON HOU SE 20 KENT ISH TOW N ROA D, NW 1 9 NX

