FUTURE1COIN IS BRINGING CRYPTOCURRENCY
EDUCATION TO THE MASSES

BY – Future1Coin Team, Nakul Shah
WHITEPAPER
1|P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

Important Notice
Future1Coins tokens are not securities, collective investment schemes or units or
business trusts. No regulatory authority has reviewed any information in this
White Paper.
Further, Future1coin tokens do not promise any guaranteed or perceived return
to its holders either automatically or through the work of any other party.
Future1coin tokens are used to enable purchase of services within the
Future1coin platform. No full or partial ownership of the Future1coin platform can
be claimed by mere ownership of Future1coin Tokens; regardless of the amount
or quantity of the purchase.
Disclosure , Representation and Warranties
Future1coin does not make or purport to make any representation or warranty or
undertaking in this White Paper or in connection of the Future1coin initial token
sales, to any person, including any representation, warranty or undertaking
relating to the truth, completeness and accuracy of the information in this White
Paper.
You represent and warranty that:
You agree that Future1coin tokens are not securities, collective investment
schemes or business trusts
You agree to furnish personal information and documents which may be
requested by Future1coin for the purposes of conducting KYC i.e customer due
diligence, and that any information furnished by yourself is true and accurate,
and that you have not withheld any material information;

2|P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

You, your associates, your businesses enterprises (in which you are beneficial
owner) or family members are not on any sanctions or terrorist list issued by the
United Nations or any other jurisdiction and have not committed any previous
criminal offences, and that you have not used any proceeds of crimes or tax
offences (whether belonging to you or otherwise, and whether directly or
otherwise) to purchase Future1coin tokens.
You understand Future1coin is not providing you with any investment or financial
advice, that you are acting of your own and have sought your independent
financial advice where appropriate;
You fully understand all of the risks associated with the purchase of the
Future1coin token and voluntarily take all of these risks, including the possibility
of losing part or all of the funds spent on the acquisition of Future1coin.
F1C TOKEN IS NEITHER AN ASSET, NOR A SECURITY. It is a utility token that
shall be used in the Company’s FUTURE1COIN ecosystem to access it, to utilize
its functions, and to pay transaction or other fees associated with the use of the
FUTURE1COIN platform.
F1C Tokens do not have any rights, uses, purpose, attributes, functionalities, or
features, expressed or implied, outside of the FUTURE1COIN ecosystem.
Purchase, ownership, receipt, or possession of F1C Tokens carries no rights,
express or implied, other than the right to use such tokens as a means to
participate, interact, or transact on the Company’s platform. In particular, Buyer
understands and accepts that F1C Tokens do not represent or confer any
ownership right or stake, share, security, or equivalent rights. They also do not
confer any right to receive future revenue shares, dividends, other payments,
intellectual property rights, or any other form of participation in or relating to the
Company and its corporate affiliates, other than any rights relating to the
provision and receipt of services from Company, subject to limitations and
conditions in this Agreement. The holders of F1C tokens are only entitled to use
FUTURE1COIN services as described in the Company’s White Paper .Although
F1C Tokens may be sold, they are not intended to be a digital currency, security,
commodity, a swap on a currency, security, or commodity, or any kind of financial
instrument.

3|P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

ABSTRACT
With the ever-growing demand in the world of Cryptocurrencies, and blockchain
technology, markets are becoming more active and are opening up to newer
possibilities affiliated with web 2.0. Similarly, increased vibrations of awareness
have created a ripple in the ecosystem which has transformed into a wave of
Cryptocurrencies, trading exchanges, wallets, smart contracts and much more.
Unlike traditional markets, users get liquidity, 24X7 accessibility, no-to-minimal
regulatory control and exponential augmentation potential in blockchain
technology. These distinct features lure users, both amateur and leaders, towards
Cryptocurrencies and Crypto-markets. The figures till 2nd January 2018
corroborate the exodus of investment which has been done across the globe.
Crypto-market capital as on the said date stands at $642billion which is the everhighest in the history of Cryptocurrency.

4|P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

VALUE CREATION

The market capitalization without the popular “Bitcoin” is $409billion, making for
almost 65% of the global cryptocurrencies in the world. Thus, it highlights the entry,
existence of other altcoins and the acceptance of blockchain technology,
irrespective of any speculations.
These immense valuations in the blockchain space emerge from the protocol layer,
as opposed to application layer, which created Billion Dollar giants like Facebook
and Airbnb

5|P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

Market Capitalization Excluding Bitcoin

The graphs below provide a clear indication of the growth of cryptocurrency market
in the past 12 months. People across the globe look at cryptocurrency as a
lucrative

opportunity. Novice users have started exposing themselves to

Cryptocurrency exchanges and market places.

Total Market Capitalization
6|P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

However, the understanding about this space and knowledge on its intricacies is
a major gap in this industry. The biggest dare is the knowledge loop for the users,
the time and energy required to gather quality information, availability of trading
platforms under one single roof, presence of investing and marketing tools for
trading, rating, listing and other such functionalities like forex and copy trading.

BARRIERS
7|P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

Technology
involved in
blockchain

Lost of Indepth
Knowledge

People are
not Tech
Savvy

Inadequate
time for
research

Expert
guidance

Barriers
Security
Concerns

Inadequate
platforms

Inadequate
or
incomplete
market
information

Authenticity
of Exchange
information
Unrealistic
Projects

Cryptocurrency Report In 2018
8|P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

Therefore, a large number of potential users, users are still to benefit from this
community. Even for the beginners or veteran crypto enthusiasts, the availability
of a single platform which can provide them the latest or real-time information on
Cryptocurrency exchanges, ICOs, ratings, and open availability of professional
Crypto-Traders who are ready to render their services like- copy trading are either
limited or absent. Novice users hence feel left alone and do not take much risk,
being stuck at the back seat when it comes to active participation, trade and
contribute to ICOs.
Though cryptocurrency users are bullish about 2018, which is evident from a
recent report by blockchain platform- “Waves”, which states that 77% of users are
likely to increase their exposure to cryptocurrencies, the fact still remains that
around 83% people across the globe are not familiar with Cryptocurrencies. The
information on altcoins and Cryptocurrency markets are kept limited toCryptocurrency Exchanges, ICO rating and listing websites, or social media
platforms like Facebook, and Google.

9|P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

FUTURE1COIN PLATFORM

Future1Coin is here to fill this gap by providing a comprehensive blockchain
platform with world-class features offering real-time knowledge on all types of
Cryptocurrencies, exchanges, wallets, ICO ratings. Future1Coin ensures an
environment which is decentralized, safe, transparent, reliable and progressive.
Future1Coin, will be a platform for Forex & Cryptocurrency Knowledge, Trading,
ICO’s etc. It will also offer copy-trade service, ICOs ratings, host conferences, and
provide escrow services to ensure post-ICO governance for appropriate use of
funds. It will also be an ICO marketing platform, your ICO marketing team will get
the facility of marketing the ICO from Future1Coin Dias. Novice investor or trader
will benefit, by following or copying the best-in-industry trading strategies from
professional traders. All this implies that from novice to experts you need not visit
any other site, platform or expert. Future1Coin envisions itself to be a singular
marketplace providing all tools and functionalities required to participate in the
world of cryptocurrencies.

1. EXECUT
2. IVE SUMMARY
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
10 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

INTRODUCTION ---------------------------------------------------------------- 12
The problem -------------------------------------------------------- 23
The Solution ----------------------------------------------------------26

FUTURE1COIN ICO -------------------------------------------------------------55
Crowdsale Details ---------------------------------------------------58
THE ROADMAP ----------------------------------------------------------62

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION ------------------------------------------------------- 66
Future1coin Ecosystem -------------------------------------------- 67

RISK FACTOR & DISCLAIMER ---------------------------------------------- 68

11 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

INTRODUCTION

Introduction
Inventions and innovations have always had their impact on the world and
shifted the ways the systems of the world works. The printing press
metamorphosed into the internet today in terms of information distribution
without any third party.
Similarly, Blockchain technology is affecting the:
1. Way an average man views money.
2. Way Business is conducted.
3. Cryptocurrency are said to be more secure than conventional
financial instruments, eliminating the chances of identity theft and
other issues that currently plague fiat based electronic payment
infrastructure.
This fintech revolution is such that it takes the power from the governments &
banks and gives individual users the control over the object of currency. The
decentralization of this technology is thoughtful as it removes the role and
additional cost imposed by banks and financial intermediaries in terms of
funds transfer and processing.
Also, businesses are utilizing this amazing innovation as it reduces the cost
and stress so that organization would focus on maximizing profit and delivery
of quality products to customers since the power lies in the hands of its users.
Cryptocurrency particularly Bitcoin adoption skyrocketed as soon as
businesses started accepting it as a form of payment.
12 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

PROBLEM

However, despite the innovations in the space, blockchain technology and
cryptocurrency still have not achieved widespread adoption in their eight-year
lifespan by large, legitimate, legacy corporations that control global commerce
because they want to protect their monopolies. This paper highlights the
problems we solve and the value we create, as well as our approach.
Overview of the problem
The cryptocurrency industry does not have a platform that provides users with
education on cryptocurrency trading and provide them with opportunities that they
can capitalize on. It is also a very volatile industry and people are unable to
ascertain the robustness and the potential that a specific Altcoin coin may have.
As a result, many users lose money speculating on failing coins or they stick to
expensive alternatives.
Also, currently the process of buying cryptocurrencies is a tremendous multi-step
hassle. It begins with trying to figure out how to buy Bitcoin from various platforms
(e.g. cryptocurrency exchange, Bitcoin ATM machines, website, post etc), sending
it to a wallet or an exchange (e.g. HITBTC, Bittrex, Poloniex) and then figuring out
how to buy other cryptocurrencies on the exchange or investing in an ICO. These
multiple steps can seem complex, intimidating, and incomprehensible in some
cases. Even for experienced users with technical knowledge, the process of
converting FIAT into digital currencies and vice versa is generally slow, limited,
frustrating, and occasionally risky.

13 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

SOLUTION

Due to these inconveniences, we believe that curious and qualified users are still
turning their backs on the crypto-markets and are consequently missing
opportunities they would have otherwise seized.

The Future1coin solution

14 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

DESCRIPTION OF THE PLATFORM

Future1coin has engineered a new global platform that utilizes blockchain
technology to:

1. Enable Blockchain & Cryptocurrency Education
2. Learn to trade in over 120 instruments ranging from forex, commodities,
indices, equities and cryptocurrencies.
3.

Enable users to purchase ICO with a high token rating at discounted prices.

4. Offer Rating services to various ICO & Community Voting Platform.
5. Decentralized Affiliate Platform for ICO to raise funds easily and affiliates
to directly communicate with ICO.
6. Forecast Engine & CopyTrade Service.
7. Crypto Exchange , Mining & ICO Launch Services,
8. Smart Contract Development Services.
Coin Summit, Token Rating
Future1coin is a members-only platform with a unique GPP (Group purchasing
power) that allows its members to purchase the best ICO’s with high Token
Ratings, and at Coin Summits organised by the company and in the market at
discounted prices.

15 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

EDUCATION
Education
Future1coin is bringing Cryptocurrencies to the Masses by Launching
Blockchain-based Universe for Trading, Investing and Education in Digital
Currencies.
Do you remember ever being taught how to invest in the markets? There is a
financial markets knowledge gap that exists today and Future1coin fills that void
by providing education and simplifying forex & cryptocurrency. Education will
be provided in association with Powerup Training Dubai UAE based Company
Champion Trader Course the Best Forex & Cryptocurrency Education since
2002.
Even though Cryptocurrency market has shown exponential growth, the fact is not
many know about it. This is evident from a survey done by “ditto”, a PR firm
specializing in Cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology. The same was
conducted in Nov’2017 using a Google Survey with approximately 500 people. The
age of the participants was above 18years and reveal astounding facts.
-

70% of the respondents were not familiar with Cryptocurrencies.
90% of them were not aware of what an Initial Coin Offering (ICO) means.
36% thought Cryptocurrencies are alternate to existing currencies.
34% thought they are a fad.
13% even had the view that Cryptocurrencies are payment for illegal goods or services.
About 75% of them had heard about “Bitcoin” but were not aware of others.

16 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

CHALLENGE INDUSTRY FACES
-

The top reasons which stopped them from adopting Cryptocurrencies were:
a. They thought it’s a waste of time.
b. They were afraid of losing their money.
c. The technology was difficult to understand.

One of the major reasons for the challenge industry faces is the lack of knowledge and
non-availability of tools which can ensure access to correct and valid information. It is
a hindrance for exploiting the potential of Cryptocurrencies which can be tapped
across various sectors. The barriers in knowledge accumulation by societies across
the globe, which are also the reasons for the resistance faced in the adoption of the
Distributed Ledger (DL) Technology or the blockchain technology, are:

- Inadequate knowledge or misconception and understanding of the terminologies,
coupled with myths that it’s an immature technology that is not meant for mass
adoption.
- Lack of awareness on the initial cost for implementation and that early adoption
are risky, disrupts the potential business prospects.
- Unobtainable or false data on the improvements and developments happening
(or which happened in past), actually pulls back the economic impact of the
technology.
- Inaccessible evidence on business gains and the economic impact which the
technology has made makes it mysterious.
- Low levels of knowledge leave a gap in understanding as to how Cryptocurrencies
are governed.
- Lack of updated news on the changes happening across the globe on regulatory
framework also impacts the market.

17 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

NEED OF THE HOUR
The need of the hour is to strategically plan and develop tools and medium that
can educate people, community and organisations across the globe .The need for
building mediums apart from the existing - Online Courses, Educational events,
Conferences and meets are crucial in moving ahead in the industry.

There is requirement for collaboration and strategic partnership between,
organisations, blockchain experts, universities, academies and institutes to educate
people on the subject. The importance of such association can be understood by
the fact that this will not only enhance the awareness of the subject but will also
provide business, employment and opportunities to millions of people and
professionals. It is believed that there are only 20,000 blockchain developers across
the globe who are actively working to build the ecosystem. Many professional firms
like- Deloitte, PwC, and KPMG feel that there is a vacuum of required expertise in
the Cryptocurrency market and getting one is very difficult.

18 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

EXCHANGE & TRADING PLATFORM

CRYPTOCURRENCY EXCHANGE , WALLET & MINING
Future1coin will provide assistance in the development and deployment of bitcoin
and other cryptocurrency , wallets , exchanges , mining pool and mining farms
globally
COPY TRADE
Future1Coin brings you Copy Trade Signals. This service allows you to follow
and copy trades of Successful Traders in forex and cryptocurrency. You can
choose to decide how much you want to copy and when you want to stop
copying.
That also means you don’t have to continually watch prices to see when to trade,
just open an account with future1coin and become part of successful strategies.
ICO LAUNCH SERVICES
Raising capital through an IPO (initial public offering) is an expensive, timeconsuming process. For that reason innovative ideas might never reach market.
Future1coin platform will provide all the required tools and services for running a
successful ICO .

Future1coin Forecast Engine
19 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

Future1Coin Forecast Platform helps with delivering high accuracy Forex &
Crypto-forecasts.

Future1coin Forecast Platform monetization concept

Forex & Cryptocurrency forecast engine provides additional/significant
benefits to the Future1Coin token holders

Future1coin Affiliate Platform
20 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

DECENTRALIZED AFFILIATE PLATFORM
Future1coin decentralized affiliate platform the future of marketing allows
ICO’s to easily raise funds and affiliates to interact directly based on
blockchain technology and smart contracts.

World’s
Affliate Marketing
Platform
For All ICO’s

21 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

MARKET ANALYSIS
Market Analysis
In the current scenario, there are over 1500 Cryptocurrencies across the globe,
which are divided into two classes- Bitcoin and non-Bitcoin with approximately 50%
market sizes respectively. Similarly, there are more than one hundred
Cryptocurrency exchanges, and the combined market cap is around $440 billion
USD and growing. The trading markets are more than 5000 in number and are
spread across the world. On an average around 2000-3000 customers add to
these exchanges on daily basis, across the globe. The trading markets of
Cryptocurrencies never sleep, and the opportunities to be explored are huge.
There are no limitations of any geography and the ecosystem is decentralized.
There are platforms which are constantly showcasing the ratings on various ICOs
and the availabilities of the respective tokens. But the basic challenge comes when
a fresh cryptocurrency user wishes to enter this ecosystem. The entry barriers are
knowledge of the system, technological know-how, non-availability of historic data
of the trading and so on. Single point availability of knowledge, tools, access to a
system which can facilitate in trading is lacking. One needs to check or explore
various available options or exchanges to decide and chances are, by the time it
is done, further changes happen. Future1Coin nullifies all these issues and offers
a one-stop shop platform where cryptocurrency users receive complete dashboard
of the exchanges, ICOs and other information which enables them to safely and
efficiently conduct trading within the cryptocurrency space. We also provide
advanced technical and analytical tools required by experienced traders to make
better decisions.

22 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

Problem:
i)

Discovering relevant & quality information- The data availability, in
today’s scenario, is so scattered and unreliable that one cannot use it
with complete confidence. Secondly, the content quality and relevance
are always questionable, can be illogical and misunderstood. One
cannot completely rely on such platform information.

ii)

Real-time access to market impacting news- The rates and trading
indexes keep changing. Additionally, there are limited sources which
can show the real-time changes on a single platform. The user needs
to search different websites or interfaces to gather data, which can
turn out to be non-real-time. There are chances that the user might
lose or block large amounts on delayed and wrong data. Certain
impacting news can also impact the volatile prices of Altcoins and
hence it is of great importance to constantly receive real-time access
to market.

iii)

Detecting

Abnormal

market

conditions-

The

sea

of

Cryptocurrencies have made it literarily impossible to keep an eye on
their movements, and this can result in missing crucial abnormal
movements. When unnoticed, these undetected market conditions
can be devastating also. One has to depend on their own research or
MIS to collect sudden changes due to a rumour or news and act
accordingly.

23 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

iv)

Inability to obtain best price execution- For users getting the best
price or sharing the best practice of an expert is not possible in current
picture. Various exchanges can offer different rates and hence in a
volatile market it becomes a huge challenge for all to find the lowest
price to trade.

v)

Difficult-to-navigate data- Various techniques are been used by
Cryptocurrency users to get an edge in today’s scenario. They use
crowd sourced analyst research, algorithms, and trading signals to do
so. They also employ information received from different social
networking sites, blogs, and articles on Cryptocurrency markets. This
creates a huge universe of data to scrutinize their choice making it
tedious and even unsafe. They actually have to collate the gathered
information and make their own strategy, which can be risky keeping
in mind the volatile nature of the process.

vi)

Unanswered Questions- Usually, there are unanswered questions
and also sometimes unauthentic answers which make a new
cryptocurrency user or even experts unable to enjoy the whole
process of Cryptocurrency trading. Few questions can be1. What does the coin do and what theory is it based on?
2. What problem the coin can resolve?
3. What is the reason behind the huge success of the coin?
4. Is the Historic data available which can show the trail of the large
price rise of the coin?
5. What is the background, track record of the team?

24 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

6. Can I get the quantity of coins sold during ICO and at what price?
7. Which platform provides education, Cryptocurrency trading, ICO
listing, ICO rating, and Copy-trading on a single platform?
8. What are various options for a novice user?
9. Do any escrow account exists which can facilitate in ICO
participation?
10.

How various agencies evaluate the authenticity of ICOs, both

running and new?

25 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

B.Solution:
i)

Crowd

sourced

and

curated

real-time

news

database-

Future1Coin offers a dais where monitoring, analysing real-time data
or news is automatic and you receive instant news, updates from
reliable sources. Unlike existing tools, the delivery frequency of
market news by Future1Coin is real-time. The news comes to the
platform from authentic curators who are greatly incentivized for
surfacing high value piece of information. The same is doubly
confirmed by the in-house team and community of curators in
Future1Coin for the accuracy, relevance and rewarded accordingly.
ii)

Historical news and impact on price movements- Whether it’s an
amateur or an expert; in Cryptocurrency ecosystem, it is crucial to
correlate historic data, price movements, impact of news, and sudden
elevation in trading volumes. The evaluation can go wrong with a
single inaccurate data or absence of minute information costing large
amounts. Future1Coin caters all such data for accurate decision
making which is equally relevant for a beginner and a specialist.

iii)

No expert required- Without the need of an expert you can master
the art of trading with Future1Coin.

iv)

Save on time and money- With Future1Coin you not only receive
information, but also save on crucial time, energy and money.

26 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

v)

Roster enabled Exchange for ICO listings and RatingsFuture1Coin platform will provide for its user’s to buy “Only” good
governance ICOs. The same will be doubly secured by Escrow
accounts on the platform. The ICO ratings will be based on the data
shared by the project teams, which will be authenticated by a team
which will be associated with validating and delivering such
operations.

vi)

ICO Marketing Platform- Future1Coin is unique as it will only
showcase the most reliable, highly governed and Safest ICOs only.
The moment an ICO is listed on Future1Coin, this feature itself will be
an USP not only on the Future1Coin community but in all other
platforms. Future1Coin in its development and growth phase will keep
ICO rating and ICO listing marketing as a focal point.

vii)

Strategy Selling and Buying platform- Novice traders, who are not
Crypto-Savvy, or wish to save their time and energy can opt to rent
listed strategies by expert traders on Future1Coin platform. The
experts can earn strategy fees by listing their successful strategies.
Strategy selling and buying is open to all.

viii)

Wide Spectrum Crypto platform: Future1Coin platform will
showcase the most sort after, top rated, and the widest number of
Cryptos and use them to evaluate the best price, real-time data, so
that the users benefit the maximum. Future1Coin is not limited to
Future1Coin tokens, wallets, and exchange but has distinct features
of a multifaceted platform.

27 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

C.
i)

Future1Coin Platform:
Fundamental Principles- Future1Coin works as multipurpose
platform for users in a secure, scam proof ecosystem with a sole focal
point of safe and highly efficient trading. The various principles behind
the platform are:
a. Education for better decision making: Gathering latest news,
rather real-time impactful updates on Cryptocurrency market to
enable users to monitor, analyse them, along with charts and
graphs, and utilize them to make effective and productive
decisions. The information will include storing or highlighting
historical news and events as well, which made substantial impact
on the movements. The data will be vetted by classified team, and
custodian from within the community. Both, the custodian and the
news provider will be rewarded for their contributions in the form
of tokens. The news or update will be validated based on the
accuracy, precision, and pertinence of the news.

28 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

b. Control Over Various ICO: In any financial or commercial
transaction across the globe there are intermediaries to minimize
the risks, avoid fraudulence and negligence. While blockchain
technology skips them by virtue of being decentralized, distributed
data base, they still cannot control certain flaws in certain aspects.
One such aspect is controlling of ICOs by supporters.
Today there are hundreds of ICOs which are either launched, are
in pre-sale or post-sale phases or exist in the form of new business
ideas to raise funds. Once the crowdfunding gets over the funds
are in full control of the project team. The supporters cannot
influence them or have a control on them which becomes the
causes of unscrupulous fundraisers, who finally disappear. There
are chances that the ICO company might overestimate their
projects and or underestimate the fund raisings. This might result
into insufficient funds and closure of the projects. In any both
cases the hard-earned money of the supporters and users is lost.
Future1Coin provides a platform to answer this problem in the form
of “Escrow accounts” for ICO listings. This is a second layer to
doubly assure a user of the various listed and rated ICOs on the
exchange. The first layer being the “ICO Governance”, described
next. The underlying principle in Future1Coin platform is to have
safe collection, storage and judicially distribute the funds of the
supporters and avoid any unforeseen losses, attenuate any

29 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

ICO RATINGS AND LISTINGS

risk of unforeseen circumstances by empowering the supporters
of the ICO in terms of controls on the project developments.

ICO Ratings and listings
Like traditional and medieval practice of VC, the world of Cryptocurrency follows
the crowdfunding through ICOs. It has become revolutionary in a short period of
time. The very fact that more than 200 ICOs have raised $3billion in 2017 and the
conventional equity funding Vs the ICO funding, shows an exponential growth of
ICOs. The global figures for equity funding in Q1 2016 was $179millions. The
figures for ICO funding for the same period was $12million. By Q3 2017 the figures
were $259million and $1327million for Equity Funding and ICO funding
respectively.

30 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

31 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

ESCROW ACCOUNT

There are hundreds of ICO rating websites or platforms which share the updated
list of all active and upcoming ICOs, give their own evaluating parameters and try
to serve a well-informed and rational decision-making content to users, which
otherwise they will collate from various sources like company websites, discussion
forums, or from social media platforms. The limitations of these websites are the
real-time information.
Future1Coin offers a platform where not only ICOs are rated by real-time
information (one of the criterions for rating), the various stages of their project are
also tracked, like pre-sale, post-sale etc. Future1Coin can also be used as an
“Escrow Account” for various ICOs, which can be operated to enforce good
governance practices ensuring honest use of funds. Thus, Future1Coin will help
you contribute in the right ICO at the right juncture .

Escrow Account
The Escrow functionality on the platform allows ICOs to list themselves and utilize
the escrow services to ensure that the company matches all milestones as
promised in the white paper. It will serve as a self-regulating protocol, ensuring
appropriate use of funds. Once an ICO lists itself, it gets upgraded to Platform Elite.
By transferring the required funds and fees activates the smart contract to let him
participate in the crowdfunding. The smart contract keeps the fees and transfers
the Crowdfunding funds to an “Escrow Account”. The fund is automatically
segregated as per the instruction received by the ICO and approved by the user,
while activating the smart contract.

32 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

The pool is segregated into three funds- Fund Initial, Fund Development and
Fund growth which receive some percentage of the fund as directed by the white
paper and information collected during due diligence. The Fund Initial is used first
once the smart contract is activated. The ICO receives it and completes the set of
work defined within a timeframe. The same is reported by them on completion
which is shared with the user through emails and via Future1Coin platform. The
smart contract, upon receiving the completion report from the ICO team, initiates
to activate Fund Development with a “Consent Form” from the user by way of
“Approval”. If the user approves it in “Yes” the funds in the Fund Development are
released to the ICO Team. The same process is followed for Fund Growth and is
funded or closed as per the work done by the core team of the ICO project.

33 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

SMART CONTRACT

ICO listing or Rating via Smart Contract
The ICO team, in order to get listed on the platform, needs to disclose the
following 20 points and activate the Smart contract. Eventually, this list will
enhance as we keep receiving feedback from our community members:
1) Mission, Vision, Aim, Strategies- The ICO must clarify the objective,
problem statement and solution and various reasons for crowdfunding
necessity. They must disclose all organizations with their separate objective,
if involved. They must also share measurable information so that the
validation of good governance can be done.
2) Organizational architecture and Core Team details- The details of the
work and experience of each member of the core team must be shared.
3) Amendment Clause and conditions-They must share the terms and
conditions for any or all kinds of amendments in near future. This is critical
for good governance and will be incorporated in the smart contracts as well.
4) Custody Chain- The ICO team must disclose the details, be it in coded form,
of the organisation, individual or bank (in case of fiat currencies) who will
hold the private keys to the wallet which stores the proceeds of the
Crowdfunding.
5) Marketing activities to promote the ICO- Details of the promotional
activities the ICO team will employ should be shared in detail, specifically
any giveaways and their governing rules and regulations.
6) Jurisdiction: The details of legal incorporation for the organization involved
in the crowdfunding.
34 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

7) Employee and Founder token details- This must be shared in detail
including the percentage and terms and conditions.
8) Organisation and Market Tokens- The complete details or percentage of
tokens allocated to the company and the community must be shared
including the terms and conditions. The ratio or distribution of the tokens can
clarify the authenticity of the ICO- good or bad Governance.
9) Share of Advisory Tokens- The professional details, experience and the
amount or percentage of the tokens be shared to advisors be shared to rule
out any potential of conflicts of interests.
10) Foundation Tokens- Details of foundation tokens if any to be shared with
terms and conditions. This is to identify the correlation of their core mission
and objectives of the Crowdfunding.
11) Presale Discounts- Details of any or amount of presale discounts to be
shared so that malpractice can be evaluated.
12) Currency circulating details- The total count of available currency and the
disclosure of the mining process be shared. This is so that, the availability of
currency and mechanism of new currency units to enter the ecosystem and
time taken for the same can be presumed.
13) Disclose Hard and Soft Cap- The minimum Crowdsale for ICO to be
considered successful and the maximum amount the Crowdsale can receive
must be disclosed.
14) Details of Agreement- Disclose the details of various agreements with
Cryptocurrency exchanges to list the Cryptocurrency with defined dates and
time.

35 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

15) Token Burning Details- The details of the left-over tokens with timeframe
and mechanism of burning must be shared.
16) Smart Contracts- If case of smart contracts, details of the persons,
organisation or individual who audited the smart contracts.
17) Terms and Conditions- The rules and regulations for token sale.
18) Announcement of Risks- Need to declare the risks involved in the ICO.
19) Safety Process undertaken- Must share the safety and security procedures
taken by the team to safeguard the interest of the users.
20) Track record of existing business- Must share their current business
details with complete track record highlighting the positive trends and
benefits.
Once the disclosure gets filed the smart contract activates it to be listed and rated
on the ICO dashboard. It also allows them to advertise themselves on the
community platform by paying the fees. It also lets users to contribute to ICO by
transferring the required funds, using the escrow account, fees and support the
Crowdfunding.

36 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

ISSUES

i)

Issues with ICO ratings and listings- There are hundreds of ICO
rating and listing sites. Primarily they are used to look whether an ICO
is promising and honest. They are presented to users to highlight their
legitimacy and prevent SCAM. Many exist just to get traffic and earn
from marketing them, irrespective of their legality. Almost all of them
are to track, analyse, manage, plan, develop or launch ICOs. They
are facilitators to users in terms of presenting data or information in
various forms or notions, enabling them to make their decisions. None
of them, though, will highlight the followinga. Team Composition: There are no documented proofs of the core
members, their Crypto experience, projects delivered, or any such
impactful news on them, which can significantly strengthen the
ICOs future. The user has to find out themselves from sources like
Google, LinkedIn, Social Media on the team composition.
b. Interactive Platform with the Team: None of them will present a
platform where user can interact directly or get answers of their
questions. Though, there are few sites which do provide such
facility, but they are not ICO rating sites.

37 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

c. Evaluating Standards: All such sites have their own set of
evaluating standards based on which they rate various ICOs, but
none of them make it compulsory for the ICO to share data
themselves. That means, the set of standards are of the website
and not the ICOs. Any agency which lists an ICO does not make
the listing team compulsory to share their authentic data in terms
of their use of funds, distribution of tokens, etc. Therefore, these
sites or platforms might display both legitimate and fraud ICOs.
Users are at high risk when they use such data from ICO rating or
listing sites.
Future1Coin provides a platform where the user can trade Crypto as well as use
authenticated data on various ICOs. The technology used by Future1Coin makes
it compulsory for the ICO to share such authentic data in order to use services like
escrow, listing and ratings. Further, the technology on the platform facilitates both
novice and expert traders use the platform with complete reliability as the escrow
account can be used to rule out any fraudulent ICO. The user gets the surety or
trust of highly managed and governed ICOs and the crowdfunding is made
successful. Only when the ICO “Rosters” themselves on Future1Coin, the escrow
gets activated. The ICOs get themselves registered on Future1Coin platform and
get benefited as they will receive fast and large contribution, due to the reliability,
safety, and good governance factor.

38 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

FUTURE1COIN POTENTIAL

Future1Coin Potential
Considering the economics of existing ICO products in the market, Future1Coin
holds huge potential in terms of total funds, number of contributors, or
participating traders. It is seen that in the past products like Copy-trading or escrow
services have given tremendous performance. Future1Coin has the unique model
of being a multi-product platform with distinct features. With each stage, the trust
and confidence in the project will move upwards. Each stage is associated with
deadlines of completion of tasks, and simultaneous release of fund from the escrow
account for the next stage. Every time the task completion will be reported by the
ICO team to Future1Coin and users, “Voting” or approval for release of fund for
next phase will be initiated. The same will be considered only when 60% of the
Users will “Vote” “Yes”. Hence, the completion of task or adherence to the deadline
will for sure build on the reliability, firmness, delivery and conviction of the project
and the team. The same can be understood as under:

39 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

40 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

PLATFORM FUNCTIONALITY

TRADING PLATFORM AND COPY TRADING FUNCTIONALITY
i)

Opportunities
Future1Coin allows copy-trading which is a win-win for both novice
and professional trader. A Novice or new comer in the Cryptocurrency
community need not learn the strategies or techniques to trade, he
can, just copy-trade by giving a fee in future1coin. A professional
trader, who is very unlikely to be found in the ecosystem, can get
himself listed on the platform. He can let his successful trading
strategies be copied by earning fee. This is a win-win situation for
both, expert and novice user.

41 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

ii)

Trader’s problems-The absence of technical knowledge of
blockchain ecosystem make expert traders hesitate in establishing
their own set-ups and as a result they are unable to capture decent
capital, rather limit themselves and narrow the potential success. This
is true for both an expert trader and Novice user. They need to gather
information from multiple Cryptocurrency Exchanges to evaluate the
best price, understand each of the exchange in terms of their
presentation and graphic representation to come to a final conclusion.
They are unable to strategize as sometimes the latency is
inappropriate. This also reduces the chances of liquidity, arbitrage
trading or HFT.
Future1Coin

facilitates

liquidity

aggregation

by

making

all

Cryptocurrencies available on its platform, the platform will gather
best price from top exchanges and act or suggest accordingly. That
means, you do not have to research for different Crypto assets on
different exchanges, as you get all under single roof. In other words,
availability of combined liquidity, less slippage, and possibilities of
executing larger trades is made easy only at Future1Coin. You save
on time, cost, and better algorithmic strategies.
Future1Coin platform will allow trading of multiple Cryptocurrencies
using quotes from different exchanges. This implies information on al
Cryptocurrencies on a real-time basis for quick and effective
execution.

42 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

iii)

Simplest form of Crypto-trading for Novice users: Future1Coin
allows experts crypto-traders to benefit, but at the same time
simplifies the marketplace for novice users. It is evident that novice
traders cannot strategize by themselves. Therefore, the best possible
way is to follow experts.
Future1Coin facilitates to locate, evaluate and finalize from hundreds
of industry top traders and copy their strategies for trading, using
Future1Coin Smart Contracts and tokens. They get the flexibility of
choosing from different strategy providers to copy-trade at the same
time. Therefore, they are not stuck in just one strategy.
The Strategy providers with increasing number of followers increase
their success. With improving track record, they even can multiply
their fees, with complete security and build on their professional status
as Crypto-trader Expert.

43 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

iv)

Copy Strategies- An expert trader registers his strategy on
Future1Coin Platform Elite, using smart contract. A user opts for
Copy-trading via the Subscription Platform Elite, activates a smart
contract, and transfers the required fees, and funds to the platform.
The fees are shared with the platform and the Expert trader. The
funds are kept with the platform for running the strategy. A user can
opt to copy multiple strategy providers simultaneously for better
performance and liquidity.

v)

How it will benefit Users- Future1Coin will let participants use their
time, energy and money effectively, as most of the work like collection
of real-time data with impact of any event, analysis in the form of
price-charts and representations from top Crypto-exchange and so
on, will be done by the platform. They just have to decide the function
and sit back for the system to work for it. It will be like thousands of
traders working for each participant. Novice users need not learn the
technicalities of trading and can immediately start copy-trading. They
can even buy tokens of new ICOs securely and with complete
knowledge of the project. Further, the escrow facilities of Future1Coin
will give the command of buying on their hands, unlike in any other
ICO listing platform.

44 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

vi)

How it will benefit Expert traders- Expert traders will be
compensated for sharing their expertise and strategies with Novice
users. In addition, they can also benefit from the sequential release
of funds in ICO, ensuring liquidity of funds. They can act as newsfeeder and share relevant and recent news or event updates and get
compensated for their effort . They can diversify their portfolio only on
Future1Coin platform. To maximise their fees they can create
numerous “Prototypes” of their strategies.

How the Platform Works
There will be a subscription stage which will be categorized into twoSubscription Platform Standard and Elite Subscription Platform.
While the former will require the user to buy the token the later will
require them to use token to upgrade into. The former will give access
to-

Wide range of trading instruments like forex, commodities,

equities and the Wallet facilities. They will get access to an
exchange where feeds from top-rated Crypto-exchanges will be
highlighted.
-

News feed from real-time Cryptocurrency market.

-

Get access to ICO rating services which will have exhaustive

ratings from top rating services and platforms.

45 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

The Elite Subscription once upgraded to, will allow the users to
receive all the above along with:
- Custom news feeds highlighting the latest updates on Crypto
market, alongside price data on all the altcoins they are interested
in. They get subscription to daily email notifications and
summaries on their choice of cryptocurrencies, trading signals, indepth research, analysis and sentiment analysis.
- They get access to Strategy buying or selling; Copy-trading
services.
- ICO Escrow accounts.
- ICO rating and listing services with the filter of Governance.

Step-by-Step access- The linear process of the various functions takes the
support of Smart contracts.
a. Subscription Platform Standard/ Elite: The user registers on
Future1Coin by disclosing his details and buys Future1Coin
tokens, which can be stored in “Future1Coin Wallets”. The user
can use these tokens on different instruments like- news feed,
Crypto-trading, and Crypto Exchange or Subscription Platform
Elite. Based on his interest in any one, two, three or all of them,
funds and fees are transferred and respective Smart Contracts are
activated to allow access to that instrument. For example, a user
can just opt for Custom News feed. Or a user

46 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

can just show interest in Copy-trading. Or, a user can opt to
receive all the services. There are two sets of Smart ContractsSet A and Set B.
Set A: Activates any one, two or all of the following instrumentsBasic News Feeds, ICO basic rating dashboard, Crypto-Exchange
or Trading, based on the request.
Set B: Activates the Subscription Platform Elite, which in turn can
activate one, two, or all instruments- Custom News Feeds, ICO
ratings Elite, ICO Listings Elite, Copy-Trading, or all based on the
request.

47 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

48 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

b. News feeding or custom feed Services: A news feeder
publishes a news or update on Future1Coin platform Standard.
The platform initiates a process after analysing the news on
recency, precision and pertinence to intimate Smart Contracts.
Once done by reporting, it is published on the platform. The same
is recorded or stored as database for future analysis, as historic
data to be referred or presented on Subscription Platform Elite
when any user opts for it.
While smart contract publishes the news, it simultaneously
accumulates the fee for the custodians, classified team and the
news feeder in a pool. The pool distributes the fee to the
concerned as per the contract.

49 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

50 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

Advantagesi)

Crypto Edu Hub: The Future1Coin Core team belongs to top notch
of the industry and they realize the relevance of real-time data,
organised and relevant information. This has given birth to the
Future1Coin infrastructure, which is a “Universal Hub” for all the
activities or decisive functions. The most critical aspects for short and
long-term trading have been looked after while
architecting the framework of the project. The result of the meticulous
work has created Future1Coin platform which is just not the Hub for
education, news, trade ideas, market analysis about Cryptocurrency
market, but also is a platform for ICO listing with Good Governance
clause, ICO Crowdfunding via escrow services and Copy-trading
services. Therefore, it breaks all the entry barriers for any user or all
kinds of traders. The education curve has been reduced to simple
steps to success.

ii)

Liquidity

Aggregation:

Bringing

all

Cryptocurrencies

on

Future1Coin platform ensures best price quotes always; combined
liquidity facilitates less slippage and increases the ability to execute
large trades. The option of selecting strategy providers for copytrading simultaneously also means huge benefit and liquidity
aggregations.

51 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

iii)

Trading junction: Future1Coin is one-stop trading juncture or
terminal for all kinds of trading. Not just viewing, or ico listing or copytrading but a forum for all. You have the opportunity of selecting from
or get involved in Crypto-trading, ICO listings, ICO ratings, Copytrading, forex, ICO Escrow services and many such under a single
umbrella.

52 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

53 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

ICO GOVERNANCE

ICO Governance: The very question while addressing the safety concerns
associated with the ICOs arises- Why allow fraudulence to happen?
The rapid and exponential growth of the blockchain technology is being exploited
by the ICO market and is prematurely aiming to decentralize the VC market.
Therefore, without resolving the basics of the market, ICO market is striving to
include participation of nonprofessional venture users in innovative and logically
sounding projects. The need of the hour is to create a system or platform which
can regulate or self-regulate the process.
Future1Coin allows only “Good-Governance” ICOs to surface in the marketplace.
The same is ensured by an automated technology supported by smart contracts
which follows a financial registration or transparency, to be adhered by the listing
team. Only when the required list of information is fetched and disclosed then the
Smart Contract lists or rates the ICO on the platform. The ICO team has to disclose
and file pertinent information about the governance and use of the funds or the
money obtained from the Crowdfunding (Proceeds associated with their token
Sale). They have to adhere a prescribed process to get listed or rated, which will
in turn get them registered on a public register highlighting their financial
credentials and many such information for the cryptocurrency user to refer to.
When all this happens on Future1Coin blockchain platform the ICO becomes
immutable, time-stamped, and can be identified on a centralized database.

54 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

FUTURE1COIN ICO

Technology
Protocol
Token

Blockchain

Ethereum

Bitcoin

(ETH)

(BTC)

Future1coin

OMG

Neo

Red Pulse

TOKEN SUPPLY AND SPECIFICATIONS
A total of 300 million FUTURE1COIN tokens will be issued on the Ethereum
blockchain using a smart contract. Future1coin will comply with the ERC-20
standard and will be freely transferable on the Ethereum platform.
FUTURE1COIN tokens do not indicate ownership of a company. The token is
an integral part of FUTURE1COIN's economy, and its value will reflect the
degree of penetration and activity within the platform. With the expansion of
Future1coin userbase, more new platform features will be developed and
released.

55 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

BUY FUTURE1COIN
HOW TO BUY FUTURE1COIN TOKENS
We allow users to buy FUTURE1COIN tokens with Fiat currencies (USD,
EUR) as well as Cryptocurrencies (ETH, BTC). The Future1coin tokens will be
distributed immediately upon completion of the token sale.
In order to receive the FUTURE1COIN tokens and make them visible in your
wallet, we require you to specify your address from an ERC-20 compliant wallet.
Do not enter your address from your exchange wallet.

We recommend the use/creation of the below wallet
● Myetherwallet (http://myetherwallet.com/) . Login with Metamask for security
and safety of your tokens alternatively use ledger Nano S hardware wallet .
We will require a basic Know-Your- Customer Check (KYC) to ensure AMLChecks. For this we will present you backend login page to upload a copy of
your passport, ID or driver license in future1coin website. Our back-office
team will review your documents, approve it, or contact you in case of any
problems.
In order to ensure a smooth experience with the purchase of our
FUTURE1COIN, you should:

56 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

✓ Carefully read our Whitepaper and Token Agreement to learn about
our offer, risk factors, the functionality and purpose of our token
✓ To get Free Tokens enroll in our Affiliate platform
✓ Join our communication channels to keep you informed

FUTURE

1COIN CROWDSALE

57 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

Future1coin tokens will be issued during our Crowdsale. Here are the details of
the Crowdsale:
COIN NAME – FUTURE1COIN
TOKEN – Ethereum (ERC-20)
SYMBOL – F1C
DECIMAL – 18
MANAGEMENT – 50 MILLION TOKENS
PRESALE / ICO– 250 MILLION TOKENS
TOTAL – 300 MILLION TOKENS
SOFT CAP – 500,000 USD
HARD CAP – 2 MILLION USD

58 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

SMART CONTRACT(GIT):
https://github.com/future1coin/Smart-Contract/blob/master/FUTURE1COIN.sol
CONTRACT ADDRESS:
https://etherscan.io/token/0xb0a0a070640b450eb136dc377208469ee4f49fbc

59 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

PRE-SALE
Start Date: 01 Dec 2017, End Date: 14th May 2018
TOKEN SALE
Start Date: 15th May 2018, End Date: 15th June 2018
Token distribution to the provided ETH address inside the Future1coin
Token Sale Client Area .
LISTING
30-60 DAYS POST TOKEN SALE
ANY COINS NOT SOLD BY THE END OF THE 30TH DAY ICO PERIOD
MAY BE BURNED OR WILL BE HELD BY Future1coin AND THEIR USES
WILL BE AS FOLLOWS:
a. TECHNOLOGY BUILD
b. MARKETING
c. INCENTIVES
d. FUTURE DEVELOPMENT

Crowdsale Distribution
The funds raised during the ICO will go towards funding future
development of the Future1coin platform and helping us meet our
roadmap goals.

2. FUTURE1COIN ICO
60 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

Purchase (ICO Price):

1 Future1Coin(F1C) Token sold at $9 cents usd

Min Token Sale Target:

100,000,000 F1C (100 million tokens)

Max. Supply Limit of Tokens
Available for Sale:

250,000,000 F1C (250 million tokens)

Tokens Created :

300,000,000 F1C (300 million tokens)

Min Cap in Tokens:

1,000,000 F1C (one million tokens)

Average Price Pre ICO:

$3.2 cents usd

Ticker Symbol:

F1C

Minimum Purchase Per
Person Pre-Sale /Main Sale:

$1000 / $100

Maximum Purchase
Per Subscription:

$50,000

Pre-Sale:

220,000,000 F1C

Main Sale:

30,000,000 F1C

ICO Price :

$ 9 cents usd

Accepted Fiat Currencies:

EUR, USD

Accepted Cryptocurrencies:

BTC, ETH

Accepted Nationalities:

Every Nationality, except: United States, People’s
Republic of China or resident of a country where
American embargoes and sanctions are in force,
namely Iran, North Korea, Syria, Sudan, or Cuba.

61 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

ROADMAP
THE ROADMAP
This roadmap details our plans for the first phase of development and their
respective timelines. We will be updating this roadmap going forward.

62 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

Kishore M - FOUNDER
Kishore M (B.COM, MBA, CEP (IIT),
ADSM) is an Ex-Hedge Fund Manager and
has over a decade of experience in the
Stock, CFD, Forex, ADR’s, Commodities,
Index, Futures, Options & Cryptocurrency.
He received his Master in Business
Administration
Technology

from
and

Institute

for

Management

association/collaboration

with

in

Southern

New Hampshire University Manchester,
the USA earlier known as New Hampshire
College,
Mastering Alternative Investments Certificate from INSEAD, has certificate in
Computer Network & Internet Applications Course(CEP) from IIT Kharagpur
and has Advance Diploma in Computer Systems Management from NIIT.
He is a certified Investment Representative, ETS Derivatives Qualified
Trader. He is trained by Chicago Board of Exchange and Pacific Stock
Exchange Members in Derivatives instruments on Options & Futures Trading,

63 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

and educated in Derivatives instruments from the University of California
Berkeley (Ext), USA.

He started his career with a Securities Broking Firm on the OTCEI exchange
as a Private fund & Equity Manager and subsequently headed several startups in Asia and in US (Silicon Valley). He has conducted Stock & Derivatives
seminars for International Brokers such as REFCO based in Singapore and
Regional brokers such as CIMB based in Malaysia.
He has been featured in Singapore Stock Exchange Magazine, Indonesia
(JawaPos) & Middle East Newspaper (Khaleej Times) and has also been
featured in Bloomberg TV, BBC, Malaysia Business TV Channel &
Singapore Channel News Asia, News Radio 93.8 FM, Asian Banker Journal,
and on Global Hedge Fund websites such as Hedge fund Center,
HedgeWeek, HedgeFund Research and Hedge Funds World.

His Entrepreneurial skills had won him the TII status (Technopreneur
Investment Incentive Status) from EDB Singapore Government. He is a
member of TIE world’s leading Venture Capital Association and one of the
most sought-after speakers for entrepreneurship, capital markets,
derivatives, cryptocurrency, and Alternative Investment.

64 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

He is a strategic advisor to companies planning their ICO. He also provides
Forex, Derivatives & Cryptocurrency workshop to senior corporate
management teams, Broking Houses and Derivative Exchanges Members
and conducts Financial Markets & Digital Currency Seminars to public
audiences across Asia & Middle East www.championtradersacademy.com.

He has trained over 50,000 participants in 10 countries (Hongkong, Malaysia,
Singapore, Indonesia, Middle East, Philippines, London etc) in the area of
alternative investments; some of his participants include professionals from
ABN AMRO Bank, RHB Securities, AMEX, Deutsche Bank, HSBC, Citibank,
Doha Bank, CIMB Securities, Man financial, REFCO, DBSVICKERS, CSFB,
UOB

Bank.

Under

his

proprietary

trading

company

–

www.futurescapitalholdings.com he has a performance of 99.05% return
(2003-2004) and 233.13% return (2003-2005) attested & certified by
Auditors.”

65 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION

MANAGEMENT – 50 MILLION TOKENS
PRESALE / ICO– 250 MILLION TOKENS
Token Sale Proceeds Allocation:
Talent Recruitment & Business Development - 10%
Legal and Regulatory - 5%
Marketing - 30%
R&D – 10%
Tech-Development - 25%
Operation expense – 20%

66 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

FUTURE1COIN ECOSYSTEM

Future1coin ECOSYSTEM
Future1coin token represent a utility token that provides a combined access
to Blockchain & Cryptocurrency education, ICO Launch Services; Token
rating, Coin Summit, Trading, Exchange , Forecasting , Commission
Sharing and Affiliate Marketing Platform.
Post ICO Future1Coin will be tradable on Crypto exchange . The number of
exchanges depends on the milestones reached during this ICO.

67 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

RISK FACTORS
RISK FACTORS
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SALE CAREFULLY. YOU WAIVE YOUR
RIGHT TO DEMAND THE RETURN OF ANY AMOUNTS YOU PAID US FOR
THE OFFERING UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, A DEMAND FOR SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE. NOTE THAT
YOU AGREE TO CLASS ACTION WAIVER AND YOU ARE GIVING UP
YOUR RIGHT TO GO TO ANY COURT IN ANY COUNTRY TO DEFEND
YOUR RIGHTS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF SALE, DO
NOT PURCHASE TOKENS.
You represent to us that you are lawfully able to enter into contracts (e.g., you
are not a minor). If you are entering into this Agreement for an entity, such as
the company you work for, you represent to us that you have the legal
authority to bind that entity.
The purchase of tokens involves a high degree of risk, including but not limited
to the risks described below. Before acquiring FUTURE1COIN tokens, it is
recommended that each participant carefully weighs all the information and
risks detailed in this White Paper. Please further note that the Future1coin
project may be subject to other risks not foreseen.

68 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

Dependence on Computer Infrastructure
FUTURE1COIN`s

dependence

on

functioning

software

applications,

computer hardware and the Internet implies that FUTURE1COIN can offer no
assurances that a system failure would not adversely affect the use of your
FUTURE1COIN tokens. Despite FUTURE1COIN's implementation of all
reasonable network security measures, its processing Center servers are
vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins or other
disruptions of a similar nature. Computer viruses, break-ins or other
disruptions caused by third parties may result in interruption, delay or
suspension of services, which would limit the use of the tokens.
Smart Contract Limitations
Smart contract technology is still in its early stages of development, and its
application is of an experimental nature. This may carry significant operational,
technological, regulatory, reputation and financial risks. Consequently,
although the audit conducted by an independent third party increases the level
of security, reliability, and accuracy, this audit cannot serve as any form of
warranty, including any expressed or implied the warranty that the Smart
Contract is fit for purpose or that it contains no flaws, vulnerabilities or issues
which could cause technical problems or the complete loss of tokens.

69 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

Risk Associated with Purchaser Credentials
Any third party that gains access to the Purchaser’s login credentials or
private keys may be able to dispose of the Purchaser’s Tokens. To minimize
this risk, the Purchaser should guard against unauthorized access to their
electronic devices.
Regulatory Risks
Crypto-tokens have been the subject of scrutiny by various regulatory
authorities and may be overseen by the legal and regulatory authorities of a
number of jurisdictions globally. The functioning of the FUTURE1COIN
Network and the Tokens could be impacted by one or more regulatory
inquiries or actions, including, but not limited to, restrictions on the use or
possession of digital tokens like the Tokens, which could impede or limit the
development of the FUTURE1COIN Network. The Company may receive
notices, queries, warnings, requests or rulings from one or more authorities
upon short notice, or may even be ordered to suspend or terminate any action
in connection with the Token Sale or FUTURE1COIN as a whole without prior
notice. Furthermore, many aspects of FUTURE1COIN also involve untested
areas of law and regulation and could be subject to new laws or regulation,
so their legal and regulatory outcome in all relevant jurisdictions is not
possible to predict. The planning, development, marketing, promotion,
execution or otherwise of the Company or the Token Sale may be seriously
affected, hindered, postponed or terminated as a result. Since regulatory

70 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

policies can change with or without prior notice, any existing regulatory
permissions for or tolerance of the Company, the FUTURE1COIN Network
and the Token Sale in any jurisdiction may be withdrawn without warning.
The Tokens could be deemed from time to time as a virtual commodity, a
digital asset or even as money, securities or currency in various jurisdictions
and therefore could be prohibited from being sold, purchased, traded,
distributed or held in certain jurisdictions pursuant to local regulations. In turn,
FUTURE1COIN could be deemed to be a regulated or restricted product.
There is no guarantee that the Company can maintain any particular legal or
regulatory status in any particular jurisdiction at any time.
Taxes
FUTURE1COIN token holders may be required to pay taxes associated
with the transactions contemplated herein. It will be a sole responsibility of
FUTURE1COIN token holders to comply with the tax laws of the
jurisdictions applicable to them and pay all relevant taxes.
Force Majeure
FUTURE1COIN’s performance may be interrupted, suspended or delayed due
to force majeure circumstances. For the purposes of this White Paper, force
majeure shall mean extraordinary events and circumstances which could not
be prevented by FUTURE1COIN and shall include acts of nature, wars, armed
conflicts, mass civil disorders, industrial actions, epidemics, lockouts,

71 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

slowdowns, prolonged shortage or other failures of energy supplies or
communication service acts of municipal, state or federal governmental
agencies, other circumstances beyond FUTURE1COIN's control, which were
not in existence at the time of White Paper release.
If such circumstances occur prior to the issue of FUTURE1COIN tokens and
FUTURE1COIN is unable to issue FUTURE1COIN tokens there will be no
refund of money.

72 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

Value of FUTURE1COIN Token
Once purchased, the value of FUTURE1COIN token may significantly
fluctuate due to various reasons. FUTURE1COIN does not guarantee any
specific value of the FUTURE1COIN token over any specific period of time.
FUTURE1COIN shall not be held responsible for any change in the value of
FUTURE1COIN token including the complete loss of value of the
FUTURE1COIN. There is no guarantee that users can acquire sufficient
FUTURE1COIN Tokens for their usage within the FUTURE1COIN and
external platforms and neither is there a guarantee future1coin will be able to
list on cryptocurrency exchange and that users can cash out their
FUTURE1COIN

Tokens

via

external

platforms.

Furthermore,

every

FUTURE1COIN Token holder naturally carries the risk of volatile exchange
rate fluctuations of the FUTURE1COIN Token towards both other Crypto
Currencies and Fiat Money exchange rates.
Bitcoin and Ethereum Volatility
The FUTURE1COIN token may be significantly influenced by digital currency
market trends and FUTURE1COIN value may be severely depreciated due to
non-FUTURE1COIN related events

in the digital

currency markets.

Cryptocurrencies exchange rate volatility may impact the company's ability to
provide services at the indicated prices. Assumptions with respect to the
foregoing involve, among other judgments about the future economic,
competitive and market conditions and business decisions, most of which are
beyond the control of the FUTURE1COIN team and are therefore difficult or
impossible to accurately predict.

73 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

Lack of funds from TOKEN Sale proceeds
FUTURE1COIN may not reach the target sale amount and may not have
sufficient funds to execute its business plan. Furthermore, FUTURE1COIN
may not succeed in creating the necessary momentum and acceptance for the
FUTURE1COIN token which may result in low liquidity and depletion of
future1coins. The positions and plans outlined in this white paper may be
altered as the project progresses.
Delayed Projects & Competition
Although the FUTURE1COIN team believes that its assumptions underlying its
forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of these may prove to be
inaccurate. As a result, the FUTURE1COIN team can offer no assurances that
the forward-looking statements contained in this White Paper will prove to be
accurate.
In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking
statements contained herein, the inclusion of such information may not be
interpreted as a warranty on the part of FUTURE1COIN or any other entity that
the objectives and plans of the FUTURE1COIN project will be successfully
achieved. Competition may introduce the same or better solutions and cause
FUTURE1COIN to lose market share and eventually fail to deliver on its
business goals.

74 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

DISCLAIMER

IMPORTANT NOTICE

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION AND THE FOLLOWING SECTIONS
ENTITLED “DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY”, “NO REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES”, “REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU”,
“CAUTIONARY

NOTE

ON

FORWARD

LOOKING

STATEMENTS”,

“MARKET AND INDUSTRY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF
OTHER PERSONS”, “NO ADVICE”, “NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR
UPDATE”, “RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION”,
“NO OFFER OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION” AND “RISKS AND
UNCERTAINTIES” CAREFULLY.
IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE,
YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER
PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S).

The FUTURE1COIN tokens are not intended to constitute securities or
financial instruments in any jurisdiction. This Whitepaper does not constitute
a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute
an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any
jurisdiction. This Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion
on any advice to sell, or any solicitation of any offer by the seller of the
FUTURE1COIN tokens (the “Token Provider”) to purchase any
75 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

FUTURE1COIN tokens nor shall it or any part of it nor the fact of its
presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any
contract or investment decision.
The Token Provider will deploy all proceeds of sale of the FUTURE1COIN
tokens to fund the herein described cryptocurrency project, businesses and
operations. No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal
commitment in relation to the sale and purchase of the FUTURE1COIN
tokens and no cryptocurrency or other form of FUTURE1COIN is to be
accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper.

ER

Any agreement as between the Token Provider and you as a purchaser, and
in relation to any sale and purchase, of FUTURE1COIN tokens (as referred to
in this Whitepaper) is to be governed by only a separate document setting out
the terms and conditions (the “T&Cs”) of such agreement. In the event of any
inconsistencies between the T&C and this Whitepaper, the former shall
prevail. You are not eligible and not allowed to participate in the
FUTURE1COIN Initial Token Sale (as referred to in this Whitepaper) as well
as in the Token Sale Referral Program, if you are a citizen, resident (tax or
otherwise) or green card holder of the United States of America, People’s
Republic of China or Socialist Republic of Vietnam or resident of a country
where American embargoes and sanctions are in force, namely Iran, North
Korea, Syria, Sudan, or Cuba.

76 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information
set out in this Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the
laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication,
distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the
applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with.
There are risks and uncertainties associated with FUTURE1COIN and/or the
Token Provider and their respective businesses and operations, the
FUTURE1COIN tokens, the FUTURE1COIN Initial Token Sale and the
FUTURE1COIN Wallet (each as referred to in this Whitepaper). This
Whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be taken or
transmitted to any country where distribution or dissemination of this
whitepaper is prohibited or restricted. No part of this Whitepaper is to be
reproduced, distributed or disseminated without including this section and the
following sections entitled “Disclaimer of Liability”, “No Representations and
Warranties”, “Representations and Warranties By You”, “Cautionary Note On
Forward-Looking Statements”, “Market and Industry Information and No
Consent of Other Persons”, “Terms Used”, “No Advice”, “No Further
Information or Update”, “Restrictions On Distribution and Dissemination”, “No
Offer of Securities Or Registration” and “Risks and Uncertainties”.

DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules,
FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token Provider shall not be liable for any indirect,
special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract
77 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and
loss of use of data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or
reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you.
NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token Provider does not make or purport to make,
and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty or undertaking in any form
whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation, warranty or
undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the
information set out in this Whitepaper.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU
By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this
Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and
warrant to FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token Provider as follows:
(a) You agree and acknowledge that the FUTURE1COIN tokens do not constitute
securities in any form in any jurisdiction.
(b) You agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper does not constitute a
prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an
offer of securities in any jurisdiction or a solicitation for investment in securities
and you are not bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment
and no cryptocurrency or other forms of payment have to be accepted on the
basis of this Whitepaper.
78 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

(c) You agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined or
approved of the information set out in this Whitepaper, no action has been or will
be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction and
the publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper to you does not
imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been
complied with.
(d) You agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper, the undertaking
and/or the completion of the FUTURE1COIN Initial Token Sale, or future
trading of the FUTURE1COIN tokens on any cryptocurrency exchange,
shall not be construed, interpreted or deemed by you as an indication of the
merits

of

the

FUTURE1COIN

and/or

the

Token

Provider,

the

FUTURE1COIN tokens, the FUTURE1COIN Initial Token Sale and the
FUTURE1COIN Wallet (each as referred to in this Whitepaper).
(e) The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper, any part thereof
or any copy thereof, or acceptance of the same by you, is not prohibited
or restricted by the applicable laws, regulations or rules in your jurisdiction,
and where any restrictions in relation to possession are applicable, you
have observed and complied with all such restrictions at your own expense
and without liability to FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token Provider.
(f) You agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to
purchase any FUTURE1COIN tokens, the FUTURE1COIN tokens are
not to be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as:
79 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

• Any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency;
• Debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity (whether
Rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks
share; I. Units in a collective investment scheme; III.Derivatives of units
in a business trust; or IV. Any other security or class of securities)

(g) You have a basic degree of understanding of the operation, functionality,
usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics
of cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency
wallets or other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology
and smart contract technology.
(i) You are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to
purchase any FUTURE1COIN tokens, there are risks associated with
FUTURE1COIN and the Token Provider and their respective business and
operations, the FUTURE1COIN tokens, the FUTURE1COIN Initial Token Sale
and the FUTURE1COIN Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper).

(j) You agree and acknowledge that neither FUTURE1COIN nor the Token
Provider is liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other
losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss
of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use of data), arising out of or in
connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part
thereof by you; and rights under a contract for differences or under any other

80 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

contract the purpose or pretended purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid
a loss.

(k) All of the above representations and warranties are true, complete,
accurate and non-misleading from the time of your access to and/or
acceptance of possession this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case
may be).

CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press
releases or in any place accessible by the public and oral statements that
may be made by FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token Provider or their
respective directors, executive officers or employees acting on behalf of
FUTURE1COIN or the Token. All statements regarding FUTURE1COIN’s
and/or the Token Provider’s financial position, business strategies, plans,
and prospects and the future prospects of the industry which
FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token Provider is in are forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements, including but not limited to
statements as to FUTURE1COIN’s and/or the Token Provider’s revenue
and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends
and other matters discussed in this Whitepaper regarding FUTURE1COIN
and/or the Token Provider are matters that are not historical facts, but only
predictions.
81 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results,
performance or achievements of FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token Provider to
be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements
expected, expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements
These factors include, amongst others:
(a) Changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency
market conditions, and the regulatory environment in the countries in which
FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token Provider conducts its respective
businesses and operations.

(b) The risk that FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token Provider may be unable to
execute or implement their respective business strategies and future plans.
(c) Changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat
currencies and cryptocurrencies.
(d) Changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal
growth of FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token Provider.

(e) Changes in the availability and fees of Future1coin and/or the Token Provider
in connection with their respective businesses and operations.

82 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

(f) Changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by
FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token Provider to operate their respective
businesses and operations.
(g) Changes in preferences of customers of FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token
Provider.

(h) Changes in competitive conditions under which FUTURE1COIN and/or
the Token Provider operates, and the ability of FUTURE1COIN and/or the
Token Provider to compete under such conditions.

(i) Changes in the future capital needs of FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token
Provider and the availability of financing and capital to fund such needs.
(j) War or acts of international or domestic terrorism.
(k) Occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God
that affect the businesses and/or operations of FUTURE1COIN and/or the
Token Provider.
(l) Other factors beyond the control of FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token Provider;
and
(m) Any risk and uncertainties associated with FUTURE1COIN and/or the
Token Provider and their businesses and operations, the FUTURE1COIN
tokens, the FUTURE1COIN Initial Token Sale and the FUTURE1COIN Wallet
(each as referred to in the Whitepaper).
83 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

SCLA
All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to FUTURE1COIN and/or
the Token Provider or persons acting on behalf of FUTURE1COIN and/or the
Token Provider or persons acting on behalf of FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token
Provider are expressly qualified in their entirety by such factors. Given that risks
and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance or
achievements of FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token Provider to be materially
different from that expected, expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements in this Whitepaper, undue reliance must not be placed on these
statements. These forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date
of this Whitepaper.

Neither FUTURE1COIN, the Token Provider nor any other person represents,
warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance or
achievements of FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token Provider will be as discussed
in those forward-looking statements. The actual results, performance or
achievements of FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token Provider may differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. Nothing contained in
this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or
undertaking as to the future performance or policies of FUTURE1COIN and/or the
Token Provider. Further, FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token Provider disclaim any
responsibility to update any of these forward-looking statements or publicly
announce any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect future
developments, events or circumstances, even if new information becomes
available or other events occur in the future.
84 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

MARKET AND INDUSTRY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER
PERSONS
This Whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that
have been obtained from internal surveys, reports, and studies, where
appropriate, as well as market research, publicly available information and
industry publications. Such surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly
available information and publications generally state that the information that
they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but there
can be no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such included
information.
Save for FUTURE1COIN, the Token Provider and their respective directors,
executive officers and employees, no person has provided his or her consent
to the inclusion of his or her name and/or other information attributed or
perceived to be attributed to such person in connection therewith in this Whitepaper and no representation, warranty or undertaking is or purported to be
provided as to the accuracy or completeness of such information by such
person and such persons shall not be obliged to provide any updates on the
same.
While FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token Provider have taken reasonable
actions to ensure that the information is extracted accurately and in its proper
context, FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token Provider have not conducted an
independent review of the information extracted from third party sources,

85 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

verified the accuracy or completeness of such information or ascertained the
underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. Consequently, neither
FUTURE1COIN, the Token Provider, nor their respective directors, executive
officers and employees acting on their behalf makes any representation or
warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of such information and shall not
be obliged to provide any updates on the same.
TERMS USED
To facilitate a better understanding of the FUTURE1COIN tokens being offered
for purchase by the Token Provider, and the businesses and operations of
FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token Provider, certain technical terms, and
abbreviations, as well as, in certain instances, their descriptions, have been used
in this Whitepaper. These descriptions and assigned meanings should not be
treated as being definitive of their meanings and may not correspond to standard
industry meanings or usage. Words importing the singular shall, where
applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine
gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice
versa. References to persons shall include corporations.

NO ADVICE
No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal,
financial or tax advice regarding FUTURE1COIN, the Token Provider, the
FUTURE1COIN tokens, the FUTURE1COIN Initial Token Sale and the
FUTURE1COIN Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper). You should
consult your own legal, financial, tax or other professional advisers regarding
86 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token Provider and their respective businesses and
operations, the FUTURE1COIN tokens, the FUTURE1COIN Initial Token Sale
and the FUTURE1COIN Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper). You
should be aware that you may be required to bear the financial risk of any
purchase of FUTURE1COIN tokens for an indefinite period of time.
NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE
No person has been or is authorized to give any information or representation
not contained in this Whitepaper in connection with FUTURE1COIN and/or the
Token Provider and their respective businesses and operations, the
FUTURE1COIN tokens, the FUTURE1COIN Initial Token Sale and the
FUTURE1COIN Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper) and, if given,
such information or representation must not be relied upon us having been
authorized by or on behalf of FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token Provider. The
FUTURE1COIN Initial Token Sale (as referred to in the Whitepaper) shall not,
under any circumstances, constitute a continuing representation or create any
suggestion or implication that there has been no change, or development
reasonably likely to involve a material change in the affairs, conditions and
prospects of FUTURE1COIN and/or the Token Provider or in any statement of
fact or information contained in this Whitepaper since the date hereof.
NO OFFER OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION
Any agreement in relation to any sale and purchase of FUTURE1COIN tokens
(as referred to in this Whitepaper) is to be governed by only the T&Cs of such
agreement and no other document. In the event of any inconsistencies
between the T&Cs and this Whitepaper, the former shall prevail.
87 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
Prospective purchasers of FUTURE1COIN tokens (as referred to in this
Whitepaper) should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties
associated with FUTURE1COIN, the Token Provider and their respective
businesses and operations, the FUTURE1COIN tokens, the FUTURE1COIN
Initial Token Sale and the FUTURE1COIN Wallet (each as referred to in the
Whitepaper), all information set out in this Whitepaper and the T&Cs prior to any
purchase of FUTURE1COIN tokens.
If any of such risks and uncertainties develop into actual events, the business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects of FUTURE1COIN
and/or the provider could be materially and adversely affected. In such cases,
you may lose all or part of the value of the FUTURE1COIN tokens.
Additional Disclaimer
Please keep in mind that this document is provided for your information only and
that under no circumstance should it be considered an effort by future1coin to
either promote or sell stocks or securities on its platform or on any other related
or associated company’s platform. Please note, this is to be treated as a draft
and is subject to change once the future1coin ICO begins.
FUTURE1COIN tokens are not securities
Future1coinrs comprehend and fully accept the fact that Future1coin Token are
not securities under any circumstance, neither are they registered with any
88 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

government entity as a security. Future1coin token holders comprehend and
fully accept the fact that ownership of Future1coin Token does not grant them
the right to expect or to receive proceeds, revenue, or other payments or returns
arising from the attainment, holding, administration or disposal of, the exercise
of, the redemption of, or the expiry of, any right, interest, title or benefit within
the future1coin platform or any profits of the company or other future1coin
property, partially or entirely.
FUTURE1COIN tokens are not to be considered an investment
Although the future1coin team will do its best to proceed with the project
described within this whitepaper and complete it at the best of its ability,
unforeseen circumstances might not allow the completion of the project in whole
or partially. Future1coin Tokens can never be considered an official or legally
binding investment of any kind and purchasing the token is done at own risk.
No form of warrantee of proceed or revenue provided
The purchase of future1coin tokens is done at the buyer’s own risk and under
no circumstance should the buyer hold future1coin accountable for any kind of
losses as there are no warranties that thefuture1coin token will in fact increase
in value or hold its value. Unforeseen circumstances such as war, strike, riot,
crime, or any kind of natural disaster or even any other unforeseen events over
and above the control of the future1coin token’s developers could, at all times,
badly affect, even irreversibly so, the token’s price.

89 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

Risks associated with regulation
ICOs and blockchain-based cryptocurrencies are mostly unregulated at
present. Efforts are being made by various regulatory bodies around the world
including central banks and governments to supervise, regulate or even restrict
the cryptocurrency market. Such actions will greatly affect the functionality and
value of the Future1coin Token as well as that of other cryptocurrencies.

Risks associated with new technology
FUTURE1COIN tokens and cryptocurrency tokens, in general, are a relatively
new and untested technology. Due to this nature, technology-related unforeseen
events may occur at any time. Future1coins comprehend and fully accept all
types of related risks involved.

Ethereum related risks
FUTURE1COIN tokens will be issued on the Ethereum blockchain thus
being dependant on it. The functionality of the Future1coin Tokens or the
future1coin platform will be severely affected should the Ethereum protocol
malfunction or fail.
No fund insurance provided.
Any and all types of funds collected during PRE-ICO and ICO are in no way
insured. Funds may lose their value in whole or completely without warning

There is no legal entity or insurance company, private or public, to turn to should
something goes wrong with the funds provided.
90 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

Crowdfunding
Future1coin bears no responsibility to cover any claims made by its
crowdfunding promoting associates. The future1coin platform will not be held
accountable in regards to other crowdfunding campaigns featured within and
bears no responsibility whatsoever in regards to the related funds.
The future1coin platform is just an intermediary between the campaign
creators and their users.
The purpose of the future1coin platform is limited to transferring funds from users
to creators, and tokens of crowdfunding campaign creators to users. Future1coin
does not warrantee any claims made by any of the trading participants.

Integration
This whitepaper does not constitute an official agreement of any kind and the
information provided herein is for information purposes only. Project
parameters, dates, future1coin platform solution, specifications provided as well
as other details technical or not are subject to change without prior notice.

Lockin of Tokens
It is at the company’s discretion to lock in Tokens post ICO. During Lockin Period
Future1coin token holders cannot sell the tokens. The lockin period will be
determined by the company management but will not exceed more than six
months post ico.
91 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

Risk associated with Listing on Exchanges
There no guarantee future1coin will be able to list on cryptocurrency
exchange and that users can cash out their FUTURE1COIN Tokens via
external platforms. If such circumstances occur there will be no refund of
money.
KYC and Compliance.
You will provide to us, immediately upon our notice of request, information that
we, in our sole discretion, deem to be required to maintain compliance with any
federal, state or local law, regulation or policy. Such documents include, but are
not limited to, passports, driver’s licenses, utility bills, photographs of you,
government identification cards, or sworn statements.

Indemnification
You will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless us, our affiliates and licensors, and
each of their respective employees, officers, directors, and representatives from
and against any claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs, and expenses
(including attorneys’ fees) arising out of or relating to any third-party claim
concerning this Agreement or your use of FUTURE1COIN, whether or not the
FUTURE1COIN was sold to you under this Agreement. If we or our affiliates are
obligated to respond to a third-party subpoena or other compulsory legal order or
process described above, you will also reimburse us for reasonable attorneys’
fees, as well as our employees’ and contractors time and materials spent
responding to the third-party subpoena or other compulsory legal order or
process at reasonable hourly rates.
92 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

JURISDICTION AND GOVERNING LAW
Future1coin is BVI registered company. The token sale, any related material
and especially the content of this Whitepaper, the Whitepaper itself and any
associated documents and material and any conflict arising from it or in relation
to it shall be exclusively governed by the laws of BVI. The courts of BVI shall
have the whole and exclusive jurisdiction.

FUTURE1COIN holds the right to amend this Contract i.e. white paper at the
discretion of the Company, at any given time. You agree to all above the terms
mentioned in this whitepaper when you purchase Future1coin tokens at the time
of pre ico or ico.

References:
https://www.inc.com/sonya-mann/invest-in-ico-pros-cons.html
https://themerkle.com/cryptocurrency-icos-advantages-vs-disadvantages/
https://bankinnovation.net/2017/12/most-cryptocurrency-investors-see-it-as-thecurrency-of-the-future/
https://coinlist.me/bitcoin/buy/paypal
https://infogram.com/ditto-cryptocurrency-public-knowledge-report-november-20171gew2v45z5jn2nj
https://extracredit.io/PDF-Files/Extra-Credit-WP.pdf
https://medium.com/@Covesting/covesting-ico-hardcap-reached-early-ff5b7ed749ff
(Ref.#) https://descrow.com/
https://www.coindesk.com/information/cloud-mining-bitcoin-guide/

93 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

94 | P a g e
Future1coin - Revolutionizing the world of Digital Currency

