WHITE PAPER
NOVEMBER 2017

Contents

1. Abstract

05

2. Vision

06

3. The FuzeX Ecosystem

07

The FuzeX Card

07

The FuzeX Wallet

09

The FuzeX Exchange

10

The FuzeX Blockchain

12

4. FuzeX Setup & Transaction Flow

13

Setup

13

User & Network Transaction Flow

13

FuzeX Exchange Transaction Flow

15

5. FuzeX Token Holder & Card User Rewards

16

6. Team & Accomplishments

17

7. Product Comparison

18

8. Token Sale Event

19

Token Private Sale & Pre-Sale

19

Token Sale

20

Card Rewards

20

9. Token Allocation

21

10. Fund Management

22

11. Roadmap

23

12. Contacts & Community

24

02

Legal Disclaimer
Please read the following contents carefully before participating in the FuzeX Token Sale.
Contributions to the FuzeX Token Sale are used to further the development of the FuzeX
Project as outlined in this whitepaper (subject to development changes). The FuzeX Tokens
(FXC) are not securities and do not represent any ownership in FuzeX. The contents of this
whitepaper are not used for financial promotions. No entity other than FuzeX can engage
in issuing FuzeX Tokens and FuzeX Tokens are intended to operate according to the plan
described in the whitepaper (subject to development changes).
In engaging with FuzeX and the FuzeX Community, you confirm full understanding and
compliance of the following:
1. You acknowledge that FuzeX Tokens do not constitute securities in any jurisdiction.
2. The contents of this whitepaper are not a financial promotion. Therefore, none of the
contents of this whitepaper serve as an invitation or inducement to engage in any
sort of investment activity.
3. You acknowledge that the contents of this whitepaper, the undertaking of FuzeX
Token Sale, and/or the trading of FuzeX Tokens, should not be interpreted by you as
an indication of the merits of FuzeX, including but not limited to, the FuzeX Tokens,
the FuzeX Token Sale, the FuzeX Card, the FuzeX Wallet, the FuzeX Exchange, and
the FuzeX Blockchain.
4. You are fully aware of and understand that you are not eligible to participate in the
FuzeX Token Sale if you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise), or green card
holder of countries where Token Sales are restricted (such as, but not limited to: the
United States of America, Singapore, China, and South Korea).
5. You acknowledge that any information contained in this whitepaper and any current
or future communication from FuzeX and its members, should not be construed as a
guarantee of profit or benefit in any form, regardless of the time of their occurrence.

03

6. You acknowledge that there may be known and unknown risks associated with
cryptocurrencies, such as heavy fluctuations of cryptocurrency values, innate risks in
the cryptocurrency industry, which may result in financial losses. You agree that you
understand the risks and are able to bear potential losses in full.
7. You acknowledge that there are risks associated with FuzeX and its respective
business and operations, the FuzeX Tokens, the FuzeX Token Sale, and the FuzeX
Ecosystem.
8. You acknowledge that the FuzeX Ecosystem is currently being developed and may
undergo significant changes before release.
9. You acknowledge that FuzeX may send you emails from time to time, but these
email notices will not ask for confidential information from you. You should not
respond to any suspicious and unofficial inquiries regarding FuzeX Tokens in order
to reduce the possibility of fraud, phishing attempts, and other schemes perpetrated
by malicious third parties.
10. You acknowledge that FuzeX does not warrant the period of time for which the FuzeX
Ecosystem will be operational. The FuzeX Ecosystem may be abandoned for a number of reasons, including a lack of interest from the public and a lack of funding to
develop solutions.
11. After participating in the FuzeX Token Sale, you will become a FuzeX Token Holder.
FuzeX Token Holders will never own any securities or any interest in FuzeX.
12. To participate in the FuzeX Token Sale, the contributor needs to confirm that he/she:
-Is legally permitted to purchase or possess tokens in the contributor’s jurisdiction
-Is of a sufficient age and capability to legally purchase or possess FuzeX Tokens
-Will take sole responsibility for any restrictions and risks associated with the
purchase of FuzeX Tokens
-Has a full and complete understanding of the usage, intricacies, and risk of block
chain based assets.

04

Abstract
The technology that brought us the first transparent, secure, and decentralized currency through Bitcoin has opened the floodgates for incredibly innovated business solutions
through smart contracts on networks such as the Ethereum Network. In this process, a
large number of businesses have minted a growing group of people with significant wealth
tied to cryptocurrencies.
However, as it stands, the process to translate the wealth accumulated in cryptocurrencies
to real-life experiences for cryptocurrency owners to enjoy is, unfortunately, painfully inconvenient. The activities of purchasing, transferring, and exchanging cryptocurrencies to
widely accepted “money” are complicated, slow, and unstable.
The real-world usability problems associated with cryptocurrencies have encouraged a
number of companies to tackle this worthy challenge. While many of the contenders in this
space have approached it with a seemingly logical prepaid card solution, their use cases are
limited to just a few cryptocurrencies and acceptances are limited to just a small
number of merchants, thus, hampering wide adoption.
In this regard, FuzeX is looking beyond the standard approaches and is seeking to
deliver an innovative user experience as well as solving the cryptocurrency usability
problem by introducing the FuzeX Ecosystem.

05

Vision
The FuzeX Team strives to make all forms of
currency payment (fiat, rewards and cryptocurrencies) secure,
reliable and user/merchant friendly.
With wider acceptance and growing interest in blockchain technology and innovative
financial solutions, cryptocurrencies are closer to being recognized as “money” more than they
ever have before. After all, it has all the features of what is currently accepted as “money”.
Cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin or Ethereum all share the following characteristics that help
define “money”:

Scarcity

Durability

Authenticity

Easy

Verification

Storage

Fungible

Portability

Divisibility

Difficultly
Counterfeiting

Usability

However, when it comes to the usability characteristic of “money”, cryptocurrencies face a
serious challenge.
Our vision at FuzeX is to break down the “nice to own, but difficult to spend” problem with
cryptocurrency and help bring to completion its journey as a widely recognized and accepted form of “money”. We seek to solve this final usability issue of cryptocurrency by
combining our experience in payment solutions and blockchain technology with our technical know-how in software and hardware development, all led by our innovated business
approach

Fiat Currency: Currency without intrinsic value established
by Government regulation or law.

06

The FuzeX Ecosystem
The FuzeX Card
In building FuzeX, we draw from our experience
and expertise in having already successfully
developed, brought to market, sold and shipped
30,000+ Fuze Cards (magnetic stripe and barcode
enabled) — a smart e-card that enables users to
embed up to 30 credit, debit, or reward cards in
one.
The FuzeX Card will include all the features of the Fuze Card with the additional benefit of
multi-cryptocurrency integration. The FuzeX Card is identical in size and thickness as a standard credit or debit card and consists of an EMV chip, E-Paper Display (EPD), three input/option buttons and a charger terminal.
EMV Chip
Secured
Charging
Terminal

Rechargeable
Battery

Front

E-Paper
Display

Dynamic
Magnetic Strip

Flexible
Display
Buttons

Back

07

Features of the FuzeX Card:
Store, manage and use up to 30 credit, debit, reward and cryptocurrency accounts
Built-in buttons to power on/off, enter pin codes, make selections, and authorize
payments on the FuzeX Card itself
E-Paper Display (EPD) to view balances across accounts, barcodes for reward card
scans, and QR codes for blockchain addresses
EMV (IC Chip) for multi-cryptocurrency payments
Near Field Communication (NFC) for credit and debit card payments
Barcodes for reward payments
QR Code for cryptocurrency wallet addresses for P2P transfers
Bluetooth connection between FuzeX Card and FuzeX Wallet to ensure security
(Users have the additional option to securely lock the FuzeX Card when the
Bluetooth connection is disconnected)
Remote Wipe Technology that clears data from the FuzeX Card in the event of loss
or theft
Battery life between 45~60 days
Plus a sleek, slim, rechargeable portable battery bank that holds up to 3 full
charges for when you are on the move
Once users have connected their various accounts (credit, debit, rewards or cryptocurrency)
to the FuzeX Ecosystem through their FuzeX Wallet app, they will be able to pay with their
FuzeX Card without the trouble of having to pull out their smartphones.

Furthermore, the FuzeX Card pairs with the FuzeX Wallet to function as a hard wallet storage of private keys. Fragmented private keys are encrypted and stored between the FuzeX
Card and FuzeX Wallet. The private keys are only accessible by unlocking the FuzeX Card
(via a pin on the card) and FuzeX Wallet (via an account password).
As devices become increasingly more important in a person’s identity, this two-factor
authentication process helps combat fraud and brings together fragmented financial
platforms in to one simple solution.

08

The FuzeX Wallet
As the hub for the FuzeX Card and account management, the FuzeX Wallet App allows
users to store, spend, receive, and transfer tokens.

Features of the FuzeX Wallet:
Enables registration (includes KYC) for FuzeX Ecosystem
Register and manage various cryptocurrencies
Send, receive, and exchange cryptocurrencies (cryptocurrency amount and
respective fiat currency value is clearly displayed with real-time exchange rates)
Check account balances, transaction history and exchange rates
Only registered devices can access the FuzeX Wallet to ensure security
Interactive map and address of the last location that the FuzeX Card was used
(prior to Bluetooth disconnection) to help users locate and retrieve their lost
FuzeX Card
Android and iOS compatibility for smart phones and Windows and OSX
compatibility for computers

KYC: Know your Customer. The process FuzeX will use
to verify the identity of our users.

09

The FuzeX Exchange
CryptoCurrency

Network (Issuer]

RACE

RACE

A

Legacy Payment

Blockchain Network

Blockchain Network

RACE

A

B

B

A

Hot Wallet

A

Hosted Wallet
User Key
Exchange Key

The FuzeX Exchange

Isolated Key

The FuzeX Exchange is the core, backend platform bringing world-wide cryptocurrency
adoption to reality. Our goal is to allow users to spend cryptocurrency on their FuzeX Card as
they would do on any regular credit card, and for merchants to receive fiat currencies (USD,
Euro, Yen and any other local currencies) as they currently do. In fact, besides the eye-catching futuristic look and feel of the card, merchants will not know the difference.
We accomplish this by enabling whichever cryptocurrency the FuzeX Card user selects to be
released in the respective fiat currency to Issuers, based on the current market exchange
rate. We have enabled our FuzeX Card to work in conjunction with EMV POS terminal standards. In doing so, we eliminate unreasonable overheads required in order for each cryptocurrency company to establish contracts with each separate vendors, thus, promoting cryptocurrency payment acceptance.
To bring to market our solution for cryptocurrency usability sooner, FuzeX will first partner
with existing exchanges and issuers. The FuzeX Card offers a unique solution that streamlines cryptocurrency adoption and increases the user base for exchanges. Alternatively for
the issuers, the FuzeX card provides new access to an expanding, billion dollar industry.
Following this development, FuzeX will then build out its Centralized FuzeX Exchange. Lastly,
FuzeX will launch and migrate to its FuzeX Decentralized Exchange.

10

Features of the FuzeX Exchange:
Hold a multitude of reserve cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies to facilitate
real-time exchange (exchange rates derived from aggregated market rates) between
cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies for payment transactions
Function as a hosted wallet that is secured by 3 multi-signature security keys (User
Key, Exchange Key, and Isolated Key for recovery)
*Transactions execute only when 2 of the 3 security keys are deployed.
Integrate with Issuers/Legacy Payment Networks (e.g. MasterCard, Visa) to confirm
sufficient fiat equivalent cryptocurrency balance in the users’ accounts during payment authorization and releases fiat payments to Issuers
Acknowledge selected cryptocurrency for payment when the user holds the relevant
button to confirm selection on their FuzeX Card
If the user loses their User Key, upon verification of identification, they can create
a new account and user key. In doing this, they can then transfer the balance from
their previous account to a new account using a combination of the Exchange Key
and Isolated Key.

To maintain a balance of reserve cryptocurrency and fiat currency funds in the FuzeX Exchange,
the FuzeX Exchange will offer any excess cryptocurrencies it receives from Users to the market
(via other exchange partnerships or directly to users of its platform) to maintain proper reserve
funds for transactions. Revenue received from selling and appreciation of cryptocurrencies in
FuzeX Exchange’s ownership will be used to hedge currency fluctuation risks in the future.

11

The FuzeX Blockchain
In the early days of the FuzeX service, we plan to deploy our system on the Ethereum
Blockchain Network and conform to ERC20 standards. However, our long-term aim is to build
our own FuzeX Blockchain Network to provide a more robust cryptocurrency network.

Features of the FuzeX Blockchain:
The FuzeX Blockchain consists of the following: Application (FuzeX Wallet), Node,
and Recorder (Miner Node)
Facilitate transaction data which includes channel, sender address, sequence,
time, receiver address, contents and function (type & number of tokens), and verification signatures
Spread large amounts of transactions quickly through the Recorder by spreading
the most recently generated transactions
Verify transactions through Proof of Signature, in which Nodes or Recorders
create a verification signature in the transaction and generate a verification block
that includes the time at which a minimum number of verifications are completed
Recognize and records bad transaction through signature verification via the
Application, Node, and/or Recorder
Blacklist the Nodes that generate bad transactions and spread registered
blacklist information to the blockchain to ensure ongoing security
12

FuzeX Setup & Transaction Flow
Setup
1

Download the FuzeX Wallet (mobile app), create an account to join the
FuzeX Exchange, and order a FuzeX Card.

2

Transfer the desired amount of cryptocurrencies from an
external wallet to the FuzeX Wallet.

3

Receive and activate the FuzeX Card using the FuzeX Wallet app.

4

View user balances on the FuzeX Wallet and FuzeX Card.
Setup at this stage is now complete.

User & Network Transaction Flow
Issuer &
Payment Network

Exchange

Payment Request

Purchase
Summary

Payment
Request

User

Merchant
FuzeX Card

Cryptocurrency (3)

Payment Card (3)

Membership Card (3)

Service or
Product Purchased

1. The User makes a purchase by selecting their choice of cryptocurrency from their
FuzeX Card using the built-in buttons on their card.
2. The User views the selected cryptocurrency balance and the respective fiat currency
value, given in real time exchange rates on their FuzeX Card.
When a cryptocurrency is selected and confirmed by the user (by holding down
the designated button), the selection information is sent directly to the FuzeX
Exchange.
13

3. The User hands over their FuzeX Card to the Merchant to insert or swipe.
The Merchant’s POS terminal sends a request to the relevant Switch Company or
Issuer to verify the User and authorize the payment via EMV payment networks
(VISA, MasterCard, etc.).
The Issuer (integrated with the FuzeX Exchange) checks the User account for
sufficient fiat equivalent cryptocurrency amount via the FuzeX Exchange.
If sufficient, the Issuer authorizes the payment which simultaneously locks the
spent amount of cryptocurrency from the User’s account. (If there is an insufficient
amount, the Issuer denies the payment.)
4. The Merchant then receives authorization for the payment and the purchase is complete.
5. The User receives a courtesy purchase summary on FuzeX Wallet app.
The User must approve transactions on the FuzeX Card when the cumulative
spending balance surpasses $300 USD (limit adjustable) to finalize the transfer
of cryptocurrency payment from their User account to the FuzeX Exchange.

14

The FuzeX Exchange Transaction Flow

Exchange

Issuers &
Payment Networks

FXC

Sell Excess Cryptocurrencies

Exchange Partners

Users

When the User approves transactions on their FuzeX Card, the cryptocurrency payment is
transferred to the FuzeX Exchange, which holds a multitude of reserve cryptocurrencies
and fiat currencies to facilitate payment transactions. The FuzeX Exchange has two
primary functions:
1. To settle payments with Issuers by transferring to the Issuers the amount spent by
the Users in the stated fiat currency from its fiat currency reserves.
2. To sell excess cryptocurrencies accumulated to other Exchange Partners or directly
to other Users of the FuzeX Ecosystem.

15

FuzeX Token Holder & Card User Rewards

FXC Token Holders

0.2% Reward
(In FXC Tokens)

Processing Fee
1.5%~2%

Issuers &
Payment Networks

Exchange

0.3%~0.8% Retained

FuzeX Card Users

0.1% Reward
(In FXC Tokens)

Merchants

Merchant Transaction Fee
2.5%~3%

Per payment network standards, the merchant usually pays 2.5% to 3% for every card
transaction in the form of a merchant transaction fee. FuzeX will reward both Token Holders of FuzeX Tokens and Users of the FuzeX Cards from a portion of merchant transaction
fees collected.
Of the 2.5%-3% merchant transaction fee received, the funds collected will be distributed
as follows:
0.1% will be rewarded in FuzeX Tokens to FuzeX Card Users
0.2% will be rewarded in FuzeX Tokens to Token Holders
1.5%-2% will be paid to Issuers and Payment Networks
0.3%-0.8% will be retained by the FuzeX Exchange

*Token holders and FuzeX Card user rewards are subject to change during Phase 1.

16

Team & Accomplishments
Our Team:
FuzeX’s 40+ employee team of skilled engineers, blockchain specialists, programmers, experienced marketing professionals and business professionals are dedicated to making future
technologies a reality today.
Our Accomplishments:
Successfully developed, brought to market, sold and shipped 30,000+ Fuze Cards
(magnetic stripe and barcode enabled)—the smart e-card that enables users to
embed up to 30 credit, debit, or rewards cards in one.
Reached the top 0.01% of global crowdfunding through the Indiegogo platform,
raising $2.2 million USD.
Received “Industrial Convergence Leader” Award from the Ministry of Trade,
Republic of Korea.
Distinguished recognition from Korea Technology Finance Corporation for
developing “Smart Multi eCard” technology.

17

Product Comparison

FuzeX

TenX

Centra

Plastic card

Plastic card

(support only
cryptocurrency)

(support only
cryptocurrency)

(expanding support)

Bitcoin,
Ethereum, Dash

Bitcoin, Ethereum,
Dash, Litecoin, Zcash,
Ripple, Monero

Ethereum

Hosted Wallet
and
Smart Contract

Hosted Wallet
and
Smart Contract

Hosted Wallet
and
Smart Contract

Smart Contract

Debit

Pre-paid

Pre-Paid

Pre-Paid

Card Holder
Incentives

0.1% on every
Purchase

0.1% on every
Purchase

2% Black Card
1.25% Gold Card
0.8% Blue Card

None

Card Holder
Transaction Fees

Free

Free

Free

Free

Very Low

Very Low

Very Low

Smart eCard
Card

Support

Fund
Security

Card Type

Entry Requirements
to Market

(support
cryptocurrency, credit,
debit, reward cards)

Bitcoin, Ethereum,
FXC(ERC 20),

Very High

TokenCard

None

18

Token Sale Event
In order to bring our full vision and solution to market, FuzeX is launching a Token Sale
Event to fund further development of the FuzeX Ecosystem. The FuzeX Tokens (FXC) is an
ERC20 token and the tokens will be distributed up to 4 weeks after the token sale. The
FuzeX Token Sale is available through our website: http://fuzex.co.

Token Private Sale & Pre-Sale
The Token Private Sale, which represents 15% of total FuzeX Tokens (15,000,000 FXC), is intended to attract potential partners and large investors to our FuzeX Ecosystem. The Private
Sale starts on November 13th, 2017 at 0:00 GMT and will run for 3 weeks until midnight GMT
on December 7th, 2017. Additionally, Private Sale participants have the option to be the first
in the queue for white label solutions.
Pre-Sale, which represents 15% of the total FuzeX Tokens (15,000,000 FXC), will start on
December 11th, 2017 at 0:00 GMT, and will run for 3 weeks until midnight GMT on December
30th, 2017.
Event

Token Bonus

Private Sale : 15,000,000 FXC

25%+ BONUS

11/13 0:00 GMT – 12/07 midnight GMT

1 ETH = 270 FXC / 1 BTC = 4860 FXC
minimum purchase: 1000 ETH / 50 BTC

Token Pre-Sale : 15,000,000 FXC

25% BONUS

12/11 0:00 GMT – 12/30 midnight GMT

1 ETH = 250 FXC / 1 BTC = 4500 FXC

* Any unsold FXC during Private & Pre-Sale will be burned

minimum purchase: 30 ETH / 2 BTC

The FuzeX Token Sale may be funded with Ethereum & Bitcoin.

19

Token Sale
The Token Sale, which represents 30% of the total FuzeX Tokens (30,000,000 FXC) is
planned for 2018, the specific date is yet to be determined.
Event

Token Bonus

1 ETH = 200 FXC / 1 BTC = 3600 FXC

TBD

minimum purchase: 0.1 ETH / 0.01BTC

Card Rewards
During the Token Private Sale, Token Pre-Sale, and Token Sale, contributors who donate
the following minimum amount will receive a free Fuze (ready for immediate distribution),
FuzeX, and/or FuzeX-Bio (with biometric authentication) cards.
50 ETH / 2.5 BTC

1 FuzeX Card

100 ETH / 5 BTC

500 ETH / 25 BTC

1 Fuze Card + 1 FuzeX Card

1 Fuze Card + FuzeX Card + 1 FuzeX-Bio

20

Token Allocation

Token Allocation
Token Private
& Pre-Sale

Token Sale

30% will be distributed to the public during
the Token Private and Pre- Sale.

30% will be distributed to the public
during the Token Sale.

Amount of FXC Tokens

30,000,000 FXC

30%

30,000,000 FXC

30%

5,000,000 FXC

5%

5,000,000 FXC

5%

15,000,000 FXC

15%

15,000,000 FXC

15%

100,000,000 FXC

100%

To ensure proper growth,
Advisors
& Partnerships

FuzeX will invite seasoned professionals
with depth and breadth in the appropriate
industries to serve as Advisors
and establish partnerships.

Bounty
& Donations

Technology
Acquisition

5% of the total tokens
will be allocated for bounty
and blockchain industry donation.

Acquire technology for the FuzeX Ecosystem.

To further align FuzeX employees
FuzeX Founders
and Employees

with the success of the FuzeX Ecosystem,
Founders and Employees will be partially
compensated with FuzeX Tokens.
Total Tokens

21

Fund Management
The funds received in the FuzeX Token Sale will be held in a secure multi-signature wallet
and will be allocated for the following developments.

Token Allocation

Funded By
PreSale

Token
Sale

Amount of FXC Tokens

Research and Development

15,000 ETH

5%

Product

45,000 ETH

15%

Issuing Partnership & Certification

30,000 ETH

10%

FuzeX Wallet

App Development (Web, Android, iOS)

15,000 ETH

5%

FuzeX Payment
Platform

Trusted Security Model

15,000 ETH

5%

30,000 ETH

10%

FuzeX Blockchain Main Network

45,000 ETH

15%

FuzeX Exchange

15,000 ETH

5%

FuzeX Exchange Liquidity

30,000 ETH

10%

Marketing

30,000 ETH

10%

Audit

15,000 ETH

5%

Licensing

15,000 ETH

5%

300,000 ETH

100%

FuzeX Card

FuzeX Blockchain Network
Development

FuzeX Network

Total Tokens

22

Roadmap
2018, Q1
- Establish partnerships with Issuers and Exchanges (Multiple Regions)
- Complete development of FuzeX Card (Prototype)

2018, Q2
- Integrate the FuzeX Wallet with partner exchanges
- Receive certification from payment networks (e.g. Visa or MasterCard)
- FuzeX Card (Beta), FuzeX Wallet (Beta) with Bitcoin & Ethereum integration
- FuzeX Card and FuzeX Wallet Beta Test

2018, Q3
- Commercial launch of FuzeX Card and Wallet
- Integrate additional cryptocurrencies
- Launch partnerships for white label solutions

2018, Q4
- Integrate additional cryptocurrencies

2019, Q1
- Acquire additional financial licenses
- Launch FuzeX Bio (with biometric fingerprint verification)
- Launch FuzeX Wallet 2.0

2019, Q2
- Acquire additional financial licenses

2019, Q3 & Q4
- FuzeX Centralized Exchange (Alpha)
- FuzeX Blockchain Network (Testnet)

2020, Q1 & Q2
- Develop and launch FuzeX Decentralized Exchange

23

Contacts & Community

WEBSITE

https://fuzex.co

E-MAIL

info@fuzex.co

SLACK

https://fuze-slack-inviter.herokuapp.com

MEDIUM

https://medium.com/fuzex

FACEBOOK

http://www.facebook.com/FuzeX.co

TELEGRAM

https://t.me/joinchat/Asc6gw9fNL8AjX5kSLJ-bQ

24

