Marijuana on the Blockchain:
Stability through Proof of Stake
01.30.2018

─
GanjaCoin
(MRJA)

1

Abstract

2

Overview

4

Unique Value Proposition

4

Token Information

4

Proof of Work and Proof of Stake

5

Problems

5

Solutions

6

Road Map

8

Current Competition

9

Milestones​ and Info

11

References

12

2

Abstract
In 2012 Marijuana became a legal substance in Colorado and Washington state. This
marked the start of a new industry with new growth and new opportunities. As time went
on, new laws, new businesses, and jobs flooded throughout America. Slowly, state by state
marijuana began to be accepted and legalized. Now more than ever, individuals are open
to the legalization of marijuana
with 70% of millennials supporting
it. As of 2018, 10 states have
legalized recreational marijuana
along with 34 states having some
sort of medical marijuana laws.
Now by 2020, it is predicted that
the new Marijuana industry will
create jobs for over a quarter
million of Americans. Although
certain states have allowed the
usage of marijuana, the federal
government still counts marijuana
as a category one substance making it still illegal on a federal level. The illegality, yet
legality, of marijuana complexifies processes for business such as dispensaries.
Dispensaries annually sit on millions of dollars in cash due to them being unable to legally
store money in a bank. Hundreds of dispensaries nationwide have no ability to take credit
or debit cards, leaving customers unable to pay unless they are paying in cash. Overall,
things end up complicated for both the consumer and the producer. GanjaCoin strives to

solve these problems through the utilization of blockchain technology. GanjaCoin allows
consumers to quickly and efficiently make digital purchases at marijuana dispensaries.
Those who feel safer using digital payment methods are finally acknowledged. Producers
are able to save money on security and easily keep track of their revenue. Fees also
disappear before they are able to appear with debit and credit cards.

3

GanjaCoin is not the first marijuana
based cryptocurrency, but it is
unique in its own way. GanjaCoin
has the lowest supply out of all
major marijuana cryptocurrencies.
Also, although practically all the
major competitors are run on proof
of stake systems, GanjaCoin
provides the largest rewards from
staking and also allows user to own
masternodes. The most unique
value of GanjaCoin is the plan to eventually open a marijuana dispensary where each gram
of marijuana will be backed with the value of one GanjaCoin.
Currently listed on two exchanges as of January 2018, GanjaCoin has big plans. GanjaCoin
plans to continue expanding its reach to multiple other exchanges such as Cryptopia and
Kucoin, eventually reaching Bittrex. Also, GanjaCoin will be focusing on creating a wallet for
both Android and Apple devices so that purchases at dispensaries are closer to becoming
possible. Also, to progress the possibility of these purchases, GanjaCoin will need to be
accepted by dispensaries, so the team will contact dispensaries in marijuana legal states
and provide the benefits of accepting GanjaCoin.
GanjaCoin strives to be the best marijuana cryptocurrency on the market delivering
efficient digital storage and digital payments in the developing industry of marijuana. With
a headstrong team and community, the coin is constantly developing and bettering itself.
The marijuana industry needs a digital way to process transactions, and GanjaCoin is here
to do just that.

4

Overview
On February 5th, 2017 GanjaCoin was
released to the public. Its main purpose
is to utilize the decentralization of the
blockchain system to help Marijuana
users and dispensaries alike. GanjaCoin
is also meant to become the primary
currency for marijuana purchases and
the first to be backed by feminized
seeds. In the future GanjaCoin will most
likely be backed by the value of one
gram. Located in Massachusetts, the
team is progressively bettering the coin
everyday as the marijuana industry
throughout the United States continues
to grow.

Unique Value Proposition
Efficient digital storage and digital payments in the
developing industry of Marijuana
GanjaCoin will be able to offer storage and digital
transactions for dispensaries with quick transactions
and low fees. Current problems with the lack of digital
storage will be remedied by GanjaCoin through
persistent development and constant innovation.

Token Information
●
●
●
●
●

Proof of Stake (PoS) coin
Backed 1:1 by feminized seeds (female seed ready for planting)
42,000,000 coin supply
0.0001 MRJA fee per transaction
Instant transaction time using InstaX

5

Proof of Work and Proof of Stake
When looking at coins in the cryptosphere different coins have different ways of processing
transactions and “finding” coins. ​Originally, Proof of Work (PoW) dominated the
cryptocurrency world. Bitcoin is built on a PoW system making it the most popular and
original method. For many this is known as mining. By using a computers GPU (graphics
processing unit) , CPU and ASIC a miner confirms a transaction and earns a reward for this.
These are the fees that are associated with bitcoin transactions. The miner using their GPU
also “mines” through data blocks that contain code for some bitcoin. If the miner finds the
code they are rewarded with the data, called a block reward. Overtime, as more blocks are
mined the difficulty to mine through each block increases and the reward decreases. The
process of running a GPU all day and night presents the problem of excess usage of
electricity and simply is not sustainable. PoW networks are prone to becoming congested,
causing fees to rise and transaction to slow.
GanjaCoin uses a Proof of Stake system to confirm transactions on the network. The
conformation of the transactions are not done with hardware, the GPUs in the miners case,
but rather with the already owned coins. By staking coins, the individual who is staking
them earns a reward relative to the amount of coins that they are staking. They also earn
coins off of the transaction fees in the network. PoS coins are considered to be more stable
due to their nature where the individual staking the coins holds onto their coins. This way
less coins are flooding the market constantly. In a PoW system, the miners mine the coins,
and due to self interest, they sell off their coins, overall causing the market to fluctuate.
Staking nurtures the network by handling transactions and stabilizing it through the
retention of coins from the market.

Problems:
1. Federal Banks Can’t Take Marijuana Dispensary Cash
Federal law prohibits any banks from taking money from legal marijuana dispensaries.
Marijuana is still illegal on the federal level so any banks processing money from Marijuana
dispensaries are considered to be laundering money. Since banks are federal, and
marijuana laws are state, vendors and owners of dispensaries are left sitting on cash
unable to store it legally in digital form. This burdens owners with the task of paying tax
collectors in large sums of cash and overall makes it harder to track their earnings. Not only
does this burden owners, but it poses a massive security risk. Holding liquid assets is risky

6
for dispensaries which means a lot of money must be spent on security to make sure the
owner’s earning are safe.

2. Currently no digital way to purchase Marijuana legally
Banks are not able to store or transact any money that flows into a dispensary, so an
average consumer outfitted with a debit or credit card may not simply walk into a
dispensary and make a purchase. This poses a problem for consumers as some prefer to
carry debit or credit cards. Whether it is because they feel safer carrying a card instead of
cash, or they would rather purchase using credit, there is no solution for them. This also
makes it harder for owners to keep track of their revenues and pay taxes at the end of each
quarter. No digital purchases means no digital logs of purchases, unless manually inputted.
Manual entry of millions of dollars can be stressful and time consuming for owners.
Focusing on cash logs and keeping track of purchases can overtime deteriorate the
businesses focus and detract from the customers satisfaction. Also, if marijuana becomes
legal on the federal level and banks are able to process transactions, they will take a fee of
1.55-3.5% from every purchase while GanjaCoin has a set transaction fee of .0001 MRJA,
which is .001% of a single GanjaCoin, for every purchase.

3. Affordable Marijuana
At times marijuana for some might be out of their budget, or they might not be satisfied
with the amount of money it is taking out of their budget. The average income for an
American citizen is ​$56,516 nationwide (not a marijuana state statistic). An ounce of
Marijuana can range from $130 to $250 which can cost yearly from $3,120 to $6,000,
assuming that two ounces are purchased every month. This is 6-11% of the average
Americans income. Whether it be for medical or recreational purposes, this can use up a
large percentage of a customers budget without their realizatio​n.

Solution:
1. Staking of GanjaCoin Helps Customers Make a Passive Income for Future
Purchases
Customers who find problems with the amount of money that they are spending on
marijuana can stake coins in order to earn GanjaCoin that they can use for future
purchases. This is called Proof of Stake (PoS) and is similar to earning interest. An individual
will put their coins into a GanjaCoin wallet on their desktop and let it stake. Based on the
amount that they have staked, they will earn an amount in rewards relative to that. The

7
rewards come from confirming transactions and block rewards (See section “Proof of Stake
and Proof of Work”). The individual can then further stake these coins and earn more or
they can use what they have made to purchase marijuana at their dispensary. Simply put,
the customer will be investing marijuana spendings to earn future marijuana spendings.
Once the coin supply reaches 42 million, the staking will stop as no more new coins are
able to be staked, but individuals will still be able to contribute to the network through
masternode sharing. They will be able to contribute a part of their income to support a
masternode which process transactions, and in return earn a percentage of those
transactions. This percentage will incentivize users to support the network through their
contribution and patience.

2. Dispensaries can use Ganjacoin to Digitally Store Their Earnings
Instead of using traditional banks to store their money, dispensaries can use a GanjaCoin
wallet to store their liquid assets. The GanjaCoin will act as a digital storage of value for
these dispensaries who otherwise can’t store their cash. In the future, GanjaCoin will be
developing methods for dispensaries to store these coins even more securely. GanjaCoin
will also eventually develop a way for dispensary owners to change their GanjaCoin into fiat
and bitcoin easily and seamlessly without having to go through coinbase or other
companies. The ability to digitally store the money that they earn will make it easier for
owners to focus on their business in other areas, such as customer service and product
quality. With GanjaCoin being utilized by businesses, they will find it easier to keep track of
their money and where it is going. They will feel safer and more confident knowing that
their money is safe digitally, rather than physically. Working with GanjaCoin will also be
beneficial for dispensaries during the staking stage. Any digital holdings that they have will
stake and earn coins until the cap of 42 million coins is reached.

3. GanjaCoin Users can use Digital Payment to Purchase Marijuana
Once dispensaries are able to store GanjaCoin at their stores, users will be able to use it to
complete their purchases. Initially, customers will send GanjaCoin payments simply by
scanning a dispensary wallet QR code and transferring over their funds. The payment will
immediately show up in the store wallet and the customer is on their way. There will be no
change and it will completely mimic the familiar feeling of using a debit card. GanjaCoin will
bridge the gap between the marijuana industry and digital transactions simply and
efficiently by providing a legal way for customers to digitally pay for marijuana purchases.

8

Road Map
●

Release MRJA X11 Algorithm w/ Masternodes
○

Quarter 1 2018 - DONE

○

Added Masternodes to give investors a better return on

investment during the staking stage of GanjaCoin
●

Apply for Masternodes.pro
○

●

Implant New Blockchain
○

●

Quarter 4, 2018

Bittrex Campaign and Listing
○

●

Quarter 4, 2018

Complete and Fix Masternode Sharing Program
○

●

Quarter 3, 2018

Get re-listed on NovaExchange
○

●

Quarter 2, 2018

iPhone & Android App Release
○

●

Quarter 1 2018 - DONE

Test Coins and Wallets
○

●

Quarter 1 2018 - DONE

Quarter 1, 2019

Open GanjaCoin Dispensary
○

Start funding 2020 allowing investors and coin holders a

stake in the dispensary
○

Acquire proper license building , selling and growing

medical marijuana
○

Open doors 2022-2025 marking the opening of the first

GanjaCoin dispensary

9

The roadmap on the previous page is the big picture plan for GanjaCoin. Throughout this
time we will also be pushing our coin onto other exchanges such as KuCoin and Cryptopia.
Along the line our website will be updated so it is easier to process the information on it
and so that it is more aesthetically pleasing. We will also be pursuing dispensaries
nationwide that need a form of digital payment. GanjaCoin will work with these
dispensaries to smoothly implement payment systems so that customers and owners alike
have a new way to share value.

Current Competition
●

●

●

●

●

HempCoin (THC)
○ Proof of Stake system but no way to have a masternode
○ Focuses on agricultural industry along with marijuana industry
○ Focused on business to business transactions rather than consumer to
business transactions
○ Max Supply: Uncapped
○ 5% staking return
PotCoin (POT)
○ Proof of Stake system but no way to have a masternode
○ 1% fee for businesses
○ Max Supply: 420,000,000 POT
○ 5% staking return
CannaCoin (CCN)
○ Proof of Stake system but no way to have a masternode
○ Max Supply: Uncapped
○ No plan for dispensary implementation
○ 2% staking return
CannabisCoin (CANN)
○ Proof of Work system
○ Max Supply: ​420,000,000 CANN
DopeCoin (DOPE)
○ Proof of Stake system but no way to have a masternode
○ Max Supply: Uncapped
○ 5% staking return

For GanjaCoin, these are the five primary competitors. All of these coins, other than
cannabis coin, work on PoS concepts and have staking rewards. Although all of these coins
have staking rewards, the rewards for staking GanjaCoin are significantly higher at 20%.
Also, in comparison to these coins, GanjaCoin is the only one to have masternodes. This
allows users, even after the staking stage is done, to still earn GanjaCoin. Another unique

10
feature of GanjaCoin is that it is currently backed by feminized seeds. The only other coin
to be backed by something of value is CannabisCoin which runs on a PoW system. All of
these coins have supplies ten times greater than GanjaCoin, meaning that upon integration
into the Marijuana industry, each coin will have less face value. Ganjacoin will also be
offering a program to individuals in the future so that they can easily split a masternode
with and get paid an equivalent of their percentage holding.

Milestones and Info
●
●
●
●
●

●
●

There was no ICO for
GanjaCoin
GanjaCoin had a small
premine of 75,000 coins
Listed on MasternodeXchange
Listed on Cryptobridge
Had Coinmarketcap status
until coinexchange began
having problems
Online website created with
updates coming in the future
Reached $0.30 since its
creation in 2017

11

References
http://www.governing.com/topics/finance/sl-marijuana-businesses.html
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1349402.0
https://www.valuepenguin.com/what-credit-card-processing-fees-costs
https://www.cnbc.com/2017/08/24/how-much-americans-earn-at-every-age.html
https://www.potcoin.com/
https://dopecoin.com/
http://cannabiscoin.net/
http://hempcoin.org/
http://www.cannacoin.tech/
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=827998.0
http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2018/01/05/americans-support-marijuana-legalizati
on/

