BLOCKCHAIN ECOSYSTEM FOR THE

DIAMOND
INDUSTRY

Diamonds are all about glitter, glamor and
prestige, they symbolize luxury and
opulence. Transactions in the diamond
industry are made through personal
contact, the parties involved try to assess
each other and move ahead to the
business process. It is rightly said that you
should value the diamond dealer before
valuing his diamonds. And even after
applying the most diligent evaluation, there
is ample scope for guesswork and
misconceptions. GLITZKOIN has been
initiated to bring transparency and
simplicity to the diamond industry. It
integrates the conventional diamond
industry with the latest decentralized
internet value system. Evaluations and
assessments will no longer bedone by
guesses and hunches.
GLITZKOIN seeks to transform the
diamond industry by diminishing barriers,
increasing coordination, and instilling trust
in cross-border transactions for the
diamond industry.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

01

INTRODUCTION

Pg 1 - 3

a. Abstract
b. Diamond Industry Overview
c. Vision
d. GLITZKOIN Use Cases

02

Pg 4 - 9
THE GLITZKOIN
OPEN BLOCKCHAIN
a. Supply Chain on Blockchain
b. Decentralized Exchange
c. Global Diamond Track and Trace
d. Open Ecosystem

03

ROADMAP

04

TOKEN
ECONOMICS

05

MANAGEMENT
TEAM

06

ADVISORS

Pg 10

Pg 11 - 12

Pg 13 - 14

Pg 15

INTRODUCTION

01

a. Abstract
Blockchain technology and Crypto currencies are
transforming the world and the Diamond industry
is no exception. Despite some nascent efforts, no
blockchain ecosystem focused on the diamond
industry has been designed that encompasses
the various issues faced by the industry.
The need for transparency, visibility and
objectivity in the diamond industry was felt many
decades ago. The need for person to person
contact when processing a diamond purchase or
sale, limited the size of the market.
GLITZKOIN focuses on integrating the best
features of the conventional diamond industry
with, the utility and functionality of the latest
blockchain technology.

b. Diamond Industry
Diamonds are one of the world’s, and specifically Africa’s, major natural resources. An estimated US$15 billion
worth of rough diamonds are produced per year, of which approximately US$8.5 billion are from Africa
(approximately 65%). The diamond industry employs approximately ten million people around the world, both
directly and indirectly, across a wide spectrum of roles from mining to retail. Global diamond jewelry sales
continue to grow, increasing three-fold in the past 25 years, and are currently worth in excess of US$79 billion
every year.
Data sources : www.mining.com www.statistica.com

The diamond jewelry supply chain (known as the diamond pipeline) is the process that brings diamonds from
the earth to consumers. It has several different stages:

Exploration

Mining

Sorting

Cutting &
Polishing

Retailing

1

INTRODUCTION

01

c. Vision
This document outlines GLITZKOIN’s vision for the diamond industry. GLITZKOIN seeks to build a blockchain
based open ecosystem for the diamond industry where all the trade in diamonds can be conducted and
coordinated.
GLITZKOIN is a global startup that uses the best of emerging technology including blockchain, smart contracts
and machine learning to assist in the reduction of risk and fraud for banks, insurers and open marketplaces in
the diamond and precious stone industry. We provide a full ecosystem for the diamond industry from a supply
chain solution, to tracking & certification of diamonds and finally a decentralized exchange for the trade of
diamonds and related services.
GLITZKOIN UTILITY FOR THE DIAMOND INDUSTRY
We incorporate the latest blockchain technology into the supply chain of the diamond industry. This opens
up a new platform to conduct global trade in diamonds. Besides reducing the costs related to a
transaction, GLITZKOIN eliminates the inefficiencies that are inherent to paper based transaction
processing. A set of advanced functions are implemented to provide a very intricate and detailed, diamond
tracing and tracking capability. The objective is to decentralize the market place for diamonds, this will
vastly open up access for buyers and sellers of diamonds. The diamond trade does require additional
ancillary services like shipping, finance and insurance. These services will be provided by separate
service providers. The GLITZKOIN Project will only integrate them in the platform and not be charging any
commission or brokerage for such third party services.
MARKET TRENDS AND POTENTIAL
There is no doubt that the implementation of GLITZKOIN, will increase the market reach of the diamond
industry. The increased visibility of products and the acceptance of a crypto currency, will make it possible
for diamond dealers at all levels to increase their market share. At the same time, the transparency of the
whole process and the authentication of the diamonds, will instill confidence in both professional and first
time diamond buyers. The absence of middlemen and a lowering of transportation and other related costs,
will allow for highly competitive pricing.
2

INTRODUCTION

01

d. GLITZKOIN Use Cases Overview
GLITZKOIN OBJECTIVES AND FUNCTIONALITY

Integrating the latest blockchain technology into the
diamond industry supply chain
A global trade platform using blockchain technology aimed at improving the cost of
transportation, lack of visibility and inefﬁciencies with paper-based processes
Connecting all stake holders from Mining companies to Retail customers

Global Diamond Track and Trace
Block chain based tracking for certiﬁed diamonds
A record of attributes, origin and history of each diamond
Theft prevention by authenticating and tracking the diamond
Track stones all through their value added journey

Decentralized Market Place for trade in diamonds
Facilitate trustless transactions between diamond traders
Allowing anyone to buy and sell diamonds
Facilitate ancillary services like shipping and insurance for diamonds fulﬁlled by
third party providers
Drastically cut the time required for trade transaction settlements

3

THE GLITZKOIN OPEN BLOCKCHAIN

02

a. Supply Chain on Blockchain for the Diamond Industry
DIAMOND INDUSTRY SUPPLYCHAIN USING BLOCKCHAIN
GLITZKOIN is not just another blockchain, our team comprises of professionals from the diamond industry
and experts from the technical field related to blockchains and crypto currencies. There are a number of
stakeholders in the diamond industry, starting with the mining companies and including diamond
polishers, certification authorities, retail sellers and consumers. By bringing all these stakeholders on to
the same platform, we facilitate the ease and efficiency of fulfilling transactions.
Our propriety blockchain has privacy options configured specifically for the diamond industry. We ensure
transparency by building on both, public and private blockchains so as to achieve a hybrid technical model.
This combines the best of both worlds; high security of the public blockchain is paired with permissioned
controls in private blockchains, this allow us to better serve the industry.

GLITZKOIN combines privacy, accessibility, and security to create enterprise-ready applications. Current
blockchain technology does not meet industry needs as the Transaction data is completely public and Network
security is often uncertain.
PRIVACY
GLITZKOIN uses zk-snarks and bulletproofs to keep transaction data completely private, which means
transaction data and trade secrets remain encrypted and obscured from competitors.
USER FRIENDLY
GLITZKOIN solutions will seamlessly integrate into existing business processes and applications. No
technical knowledge is required for companies or users.
IDENTITY & NETWORK SECURITY
GLITZKOIN’s supply chain is completely secure and based on the federated byzantine agreement system
to run network governance protocol and eliminate bad actors.
HISTORICAL RECORDS
Securely record historical data and transactions allowing suppliers to prove their reliability to buyers and
rating institutions.
THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS
GLITZKOIN enables companies to quickly build customized, end-to- end, supply chain applications with
data privacy.

4

THE GLITZKOIN OPEN BLOCKCHAIN

02

b. Decentralized Exchange
GLITZKOIN implements a global exchange that focuses on bridging the gap between the traditional
diamond industry and the innovative financial markets spearheaded by cryptocurrencies. With extensive
industry knowledge, we aim to engineer a ground-breaking change – enabling people to liquidate and
invest in diamonds like any other financial asset, all within a transparent and secure environment. The
GLITZKOIN Diamond Exchange enables anyone to invest in individual diamonds, shares of a high-value
stone or shares in a basket of diamonds like an ETF.
Traders can have full confidence in buying and selling, even without prior knowledge of diamond trading.
Thanks to the decentralized nature of the exchange, our machine learning algorithm, and blockchain
technology that rates a diamond’s asking price, the value of any diamond listed on the Exchange is
completely transparent; liquid because it creates a two-sided market by enhancing both the supply and
demand and standardized because GLITZKOIN creates a unique benchmark value, rate and smart
contract for every stone.
It enables trustless transactions between diamond traders or any two parties. Anyone can buy and sell
diamonds, there are no restrictions and GLITZKOIN will connect end users, retailers, to market markers,
mining companies and polishers. Trade and Transaction settlement times will be drastically reduced due to
the effective implementation of GLITZKOIN on the Stellar blockchain.
The Decentralized Exchange that is powered by GLITZKOIN uses proprietary machine-learning
algorithms and has been created to bring transparency and coherency to the global diamond markets. The
exchange comprises three main elements: the gem composite, which represents a diamond’s gemological
perfection; the parallel composite indicating the rarity of a diamond category and the indices composite,
giving potential traders market directions for the diamond industry. Diamonds are uploaded to the
exchange post registration with our track & trace ledger and classified by categories. The exchange has
been designed to incorporate artificial neural network technology using all available diamond data.
The GLITZKOIN project addresses the pricing issues and the need to unlock diamonds as an investment
option using blockchain technology. Blockchain technology is best known for providing the foundation of
the peer-to-peer (P2P) cryptocurrency and payment system Bitcoin. In recent years, the blockchain
concept, also called the distributed ledger system, has spread in popularity. This has resulted in various
blockchain-based applications in the finance sector, in prediction markets, as a platform for the Internetof-Things applications and so on. GLITZKOIN utilizes the Stellar blockchain for its solution. In addition to
the underlying distributed ledger, Stellar incorporates smart contracting capabilities in a secure fashion
while providing a very high number of transactions at significantly low transaction costs.

5

THE GLITZKOIN OPEN BLOCKCHAIN

02

Since not everyone who reads this white paper would be a technical expert, we present a simplified
explanation for a ‘smart contract’. The concept requires the existence of an agreement between two
parties, a smart contract would be meaningless without the consent of both parties to the transaction. This
agreement will be verified by complex algorithms. The validation process can happen without the existence
of a third party witness to the agreement. We do not tokenize diamonds, GLITZKOIN is a utility token to be
used for a decentralized blockchain ecosystem for the diamond industry. Its aim is to make transactions
faster and trustless. This fosters confidence in both buyers and sellers, creating a robust and active
platform which thrives on a healthy interaction between all stake holders.
The diamond industry includes a number of stakeholders, objectives and agendas for each differ widely.
When introducing the latest technology like blockchain, it is necessary to do some handholding. The
GLITZKOIN diamond blockchain, will bring together diamond sellers both big and small, on the same
platform. The procedures set up to list a diamond will ensure transparency, security functions have also
been incorporated. On the demand side, both seasoned buyers and novices, are more willing to transact
on such a comprehensive platform. It is essential to understand that, this platform will open markets to
buyers who are transacting in diamonds for the first time but more importantly, are cyber savvy. This brings
diamond sellers closer to a growing market that would otherwise, be eclipsed from conventional diamond
trading.
To address two of the most significant obstacles that hinder diamonds from becoming an asset class,
GLITZKOIN ’s proprietary machine-learning algorithm, delivers transparency and coherence to the entire
process of diamond appraisal. The Decentralized Exchange takes gemological data, diamond financial
indices data and global inventory data into consideration. Utilizing the global diamond inventory data,
GLITZKOIN quantifies diamond prices and ranks individual diamonds and their respective prices. Briefly,
machine learning allows software applications to accurately predict outcomes without being explicitly
programmed.
Diamonds listed on the GLITZKOIN blockchain would represent a single diamond. It is important to
understand that the prices of diamonds vary widely. Once you consider the smart contract itself to be a
tradeable asset, it is possible that the smart contract for a high value diamond, could be ‘owned’ by more
than one buyer. This concept of shared ownership will cease to exist when, the transaction calls for the
physical delivery of the diamond.
To present the concepts involved in an easy to understand manner, the buying of a smart contract would
update the digital wallet of the new owner. A buy transaction that requires the precious stone to be
physically delivered, will trigger an audit of the certificate that accompanied the diamond when it was listed.

6

THE GLITZKOIN OPEN BLOCKCHAIN

02

It is important to emphasis that a diamond to be listed, must be certified by one of the testing labs listed
by GLITZKOIN. The physical characteristics of the diamond as mentioned in the certificate, will be listed
on the blockchain. Since the main objective is to build a tradeable smart contract for each diamond, the
price or ‘value’ of the diamond will also be mentioned. With keen interest shown by major diamond sellers
in the GLITZKOIN diamond trading platform, we anticipate that a significant number of transactions will
initially involve the physical movement of the diamond transacted. As the diamond industry in particular
and the casual diamond lover in general, feels comfortable to trade on a blockchain – we might soon see
the smart contracts themselves, being traded as an ‘asset’.
Harnessing the ledger concept of blockchain, all transactions related to diamonds will be stored on the
ledger. The secrecy that normally shrouds diamond trade will no longer exist, all transactions will be listed
in a transparent manner. A Diamond-Smart Contract will be generated for each diamond, these contracts
in themselves can be traded. Since the major work of ensuring accuracy of records will be performed by
GLITZKOIN, a buyer wishing to make a purchase need not be a diamond expert. While allowing the
diamond smart contracts to themselves be traded, nothing stops a buyer from making a diamond purchase
and requesting for physical possession of the precious stone.
A trader who purchases a Diamond-Smart Contract will be able to request the delivery of a physical
diamond. In such cases, the delivery process will begin when the Diamond-Smart Contract status changes
to In-Delivery Process and the diamond is sent to the owner. Once the owner receives the diamond, the
Diamond-Smart Contract will be marked as delisted by the smart contract.
One of the most exciting and innovative trades the GLITZKOIN platform will offer its users is the “Shared
Investment” option. After uploading a diamond for trade, a diamond holder will have the option of selling
the stone as a single Diamond-Smart Contract or as multiple Diamond-Smart Contracts. Choosing the
multiple Diamond-Smart Contracts option will create multiple smart contracts that represent partial
ownership of the backed diamond. This function will, for the first time, allow retail clients to invest in
high-valued diamonds that are usually a speculative and volatile segment of the diamond market.

7

THE GLITZKOIN OPEN BLOCKCHAIN

02

c. Global Diamond Track and Trace
GLITZKOIN builds a global, digital ledger that tracks and protects valuable assets throughout their lifetime
journey. We collect an asset’s defining characteristics, history, and ownership to create a permanent
record on the blockchain. This digital incarnation, or thumbprint, is used by various stakeholders across a
supply chain pipeline to form provenance and verify authenticity.
GLITZKOIN has built innovative solutions in markets where provenance matters and where transparency
is key to ensuring ethical trade. Beginning with the diamond industry we will soon incorporate other
precious stones.
The blockchain based tracking for certified diamonds records attributes and origin for each stone. This
critical information is available to anyone who wants to verify the authenticity of a specific diamond, this
provides for Theft Prevention. Buyers would show a high preference for authenticated diamonds. Besides
authentication of diamonds, the GLITZKOIN platform will also make it possible for a stone to be tracked all
through its journey on the value chain.
Digital Certification and Verification which is done using specially designed Smart Contracts, ensures
transparency and authenticity of the diamonds that are traded globally. This protects the provenance of
high value assets like diamonds. This facilitates trustless trade on the global marketplace while reducing
risk and combating theft, trafficking and fraud.
Diamond sourcing from the mining operations and right up to the cutting and polishng phase is fraught with
problems. Unfair labor practices, environmental degradation and the funding of violence in parts of Africa,
can all be traced to the diamond industry. GLITZKOIN has configured its blockchain platform to increase
transparency into the diamond supply chain. This will go a long way in reducing the problems explained
above.
GLITZKOIN aims to build trust across the supply chain from the source to the consumer by deploying
blockchain based solutions that enable companies to be more transparent on how they process their
products. This includes disclosing everything related to the environmental impact of the mining operations.
Dealers are encouraged to disclose detailed information regarding the origin of the diamonds and labor
practices used in the cutting and polishing process.
Tracing the provenance of diamonds shows how the application of this technology can fundamentally
change the way diamonds are exchanged. A diamond’s provenance is often threatened by conflict stones
and the tampering of certificates.
GLITZKOIN track and trace blockchain is a permanent, digital, global ledger that tracks and protects
diamonds and other valuable stones on their lifetime journey. Potential clients include banks, insurance
companies and certification houses. The solution can be put to good use in the diamond verification
processes by banks, insurers, law enforcement, and even the owners themselves, who can be confident
about the sourcing of their assets.
8

THE GLITZKOIN OPEN BLOCKCHAIN

02

d. Open Ecosystem
Connect jewelry stores, connect RapNet and IDEX, Connect Mining & Polishing companies etc APIs.
STELLAR PARTNERSHIP
GLITZKOIN is a proud contributor of the Stellar community, committed to advancing open source
collaboration and working alongside the brightest minds in the blockchain space.

THE GLITZKOIN OPEN ECOSYSTEM
The GLITZKOIN Ecosystem is a collection of decoupled services which run in tandem to provide a
seamless experience for diamond traders, buyers, sellers and other stakeholders. It also allows
developers to build new and innovative applications.

GLITZKOIN Wallet
The coin management platform helps users and developers view coin balances, transaction
history and even subscription contracts. Developers can also see cumulative payments and other
user specific information.

GLITZKOIN API
The GLITZKOIN API plays a pivotal role in GLITZKOIN. The API can be used to access the
various services offered by GLITZKOIN. Developers are responsible to implement the
GLITZKOIN API within their site or mobile app.

GLITZKOIN Merit Engine
Once the ICO is completed, the EME kicks in. It is a fair pre-decided mechanism which decides
when and how to reward coins to the community.

9

ROADMAP

03

Q4 2017
Initial Spark followed by Background Research
Development of Initial Concepts and Diamond Industry Outreach
Initial White Paper and Design Prototypes

Q1 2018
Glitzkoin Project Scope, Token Use Case Design and Token Economics
Core Founding Team on Board
Company in Stealth Mode, Company Registered in Estonia
Project Deck and White Paper, Technical Architecture
Official Website Launch
Token Presale Launch

Q2 2018
Launch of Public Token Sale
Conclusion of Token Sale and Distribution of Tokens
GlitzKoin Diamond Exchange Development
Start GlitzKoin Global Marketing Effort

Q3 2018
GLT Token Listing on Crypto Exchanges
Beta Testing of Diamond Exchange Platform
Development of Global Diamond Track & Trace System

Q4 2018
Decentralized Exchange Deployment
Global Diamond Track and Trace System Deployment
Bug Fixes and Enhancements to Deployed System

Q1 2019
Adding more Features/tools to GlitzKoin Diamond Exchange
Continued Marketing to Increase GlitzKoin Awareness

10

TOKEN ECONOMICS

05

ICO Token Distribution
We accept Bitcoin (BTC), Ether (ETH), Litecoin (LTC), Ripple (XRP) and Stellar (XLM) as the mode of
payment for GLITZKOIN Token purchases.

20%

35%

Token Sale
Market Making
Community
Company

20%

25%
Total: 999 Millon Tokens

Token Economics
Tier

Tokens (Millions)

Price

USD

1

35

$0.12

$4,200,000

2

40

$0.14

$5,600,000

3

50

$0.16

$8,000,000

4

120

$0.20

$24,000,000

Total

245

$41,800,000
11

TOKEN ECONOMICS

04

Token Distribution Table
Number of Tokens (Millions)

Purpose

245

ICO

200

Market Making + Excess Demand

200

Community

354

Management

Token Bonuses
Tier

Purchase Amount
(in USD)

Bonus

1

10,000

-

50,000

0%

2

50,000

- 200,000

5%

3

200,000

- 500,000

8%

4

500,000

&

10%

above

12

MANAGEMENT TEAM

05

NAVNEET GOENKA (CEO)
Besides being a 20 year veteran in the diamond industry, Navneet has a passion for technology
and innovation. No one knows the operations of the 90 billion dollar industry better than him. He
is aware of the inefficient processes followed in diamond trade for decades and is convinced,
that revolutionary changes can directly increase the market scope for diamonds. The distributed
ledger concept of blockchain technology, combined with the implementation of a crypto
currency is precisely what the diamond industry needs. As CEO, Navneet Goenka is the main
driving force behind the GLITZKOIN project.

LILA HUSSAIN (Head of Business Development)
Lila has 23 years of experience providing fiscal, strategic & operations leadership. She was
general manager of the Lima Airshow, Biggest Airshow in South East Asia for over 14 years.
She does a lot of social work and is on the Board of various Human Rights and Women
Entrepreneurship organizations.

SHASHANK AGARWAL (Head of Technology)
A blockchain expert with over 10 years of experience in the technology industry. Shashank is
also well versed with web and cloud based applications. His extensive experience covers
businesses across UK, UAE and India. Besides being a qualified engineer, Shashank also has
a MBA qualification from the Imperial College London.

NILESH AGARWAL (Head of Product Development)
With experience in some of the most reputed high-tech environments like Microsoft, Amazon
and Samsung – Nilesh is ideally suited to head the GLITZKOIN Product Development team. For
technical applications to unleash their full potential, it is necessary to implement easily
understandable and usable user interfaces. No one understands this better than Nilesh, he has
been closely involved in the conception, development and implementation of numerous
applications in a wide range of industries. We are glad to welcome him into one of the most
promising and powerful blockchain projects, rooted in the multi billion dollar diamond industry.

OLGA ROSINA (Diamond Specialist)
Olga has been a diamond industry veteran for over 20 years. She has worked with giant
diamond mining companies, Alrosa and Gokhran. Both these operations are owned by the
Russian government. She holds a Masters’ degree in Management and Informatics along with
a diploma in Nuclear Power Plant Management. Olga was a winner of several Russian Beauty
Queen titles in the late 90s.

13

MANAGEMENT TEAM

05

DATO’ ALIA HM JALLY (PR and Media Relations)
With two decades of experience in the high profile marketing and PR industry, Dato’ Alia HM
Jally has handled projects for Malaysia’s biggest business houses. Dato’ Alia has branded and
marketed products on every media channel including, TV and social media. After having started
her career with leading global PR firm Edelman, Dato’ Alia drew experience from a host of
Malaysian branding and marketing houses. She is today the COO of The Week Folk
Entertainment SdnBHd.

DINESSHWARAN YOOGAN (Marketing Manager)
Leveraging his experience in international trade and business communication, Dinesshwaran
Yoogan, heads the GLITZKOIN marketing arm in Malaysia. With an excellent grasp of
blockchain applications and the operation of crypto currency, Dinesshwaran has been
instrumental in drawing the attention of Malaysian CEOs and government decision makers to
the GLITZKOIN project. On the academic front, he holds a qualification in Banking and Finance
from the Victoria University at Sunway.

14

ADVISORS

06
MIKHAIL KOZLOV
Leveraging his strong business acumen and thorough knowledge of finance and economics,
Mikhail Kozlov was one of the contenders for the post of President during the last elections in
the Russian Federation held in March 2018. He is also an active participant in high profile
television forums where he, shares his expertise in business management and managerial
resource development. Mikhail Kozlov spearheads the business plans of GLITZKOIN in Russia.

DATUK MAT RABI ABU SAMAH
Retiring as the Chief Of Staff in the Malaysian Armed Forces, Vice Admiral Datuk Mat Rabi Abu
Samah ( Retd) has over the past decade, played a significant role in shaping the Malaysian
corporate landscape. He is an alumni of the IMD in Switzerland and has served on the boards
of Khazanah Nasional, Langkawi Tuna Berhad and Wilhelmsen Ship Services. Datuk Mat Rabi
Abu Samah, is currently the Director of BHIC BOFORS ASIA SDN. BHD. With the public and
private sectors in Malaysia, showing a high degree of interest in the GLITZKOIN project, we are
honored to have the Vice Admiral (Retd.) on our advisory board.

PAOLO ALBERTELLI
With more than two decades of expertise in crafting fine jewelry, Paolo Albertelli is a well known
personality in his profession. He has always shown a keen interest in new technologies related
to jewelry production and has played, an active role in promoting the Italian jewelry industry.
Paolo has partnered many developmental projects that, aimed at bringing technology to lift, fine
Italian jewelry to the next level. Some of these projects have now developed into patented
processes and equipment. His profession and passion to share his knowledge and expertise,
has taken him to over 50 nations. He continues to attend global jewelry shows across the globe
as an invitee.

ROHIT AGARWAL
A graduate from the Indian Institute Of Technology (IIT) the institute, that has delivered some of
the finest global Computer Science talent, Rohit Agarwal is a software engineer with extensive
knowledge of technology for business applications. A stint with Yahoo as a Senior Software
Engineer, exposed Rohit to some of the most advanced techniques in systems design and
business process development. As the GLITZKOIN project rapidly moves into the next phase,
handpicking the best technical talent will be a regular feature. We welcome Rohit Agarwal to the
GLITZKOIN team.

15

www.glitzkoin.com

