G LO B A L J O B C O I N
WHITEPAPER

Table of Contents

1
2

3

4

Global Jobcoin
5.

Global Jobcoin

6.

Business Cases

Executive Summary
9.

Jobstoday Platform

9.

Problem We Are Solving

9.

Our Solution

10.

Target Market

10.

Target Clients

10.

Funding

11.

Vision

11.

Strategy

Company Summary
13.

Company Summary

13.

Current Status

14.

Management Team

15.

Talented Team Members

Jobstoday Product
19.

Jobstoday Product

19.

Product Features

21.

Unique Features

2

5

6

Online Recruitment Market
25.

Market Overview

26.

Market Analysis

26.

Market Position

For a good cause
28.

7

Our Promise & Commitment
30.

8

For a good cause

Our Promise & Commitment

Legal
32.

General Information

3

GLOBAL JOBCOIN

Global Jobcoin
Global Jobcoin is an ERC20 decentralized token to pay for
services related to employment. Using the Ethereum block
chain we have created this token for employers & employees
worldwide. Global Jobcoin is being used on our global Job
platform Jobstoday.world. As we expand our operations
worldwide, Global Jobcoin will become the essential choice of
payment on all our platforms around the world. We are also
partnering with other partner Job boards to offer integration of
Global Jobcoin in to their platforms.

5

Business Cases
Together with our clients we have defined real world business
cases. In 2018 these use cases will be integrated in to Jobstoday
platforms worldwide.

Online Payment on Jobstoday Platforms
Employers can pay for single Job postings or multiple Job
packages using Global Jobcoins. International employers
will save the currency conversion costs by using Global
Jobcoin.

Freelancer Platform
Jobstoday freelancer platform will be launched in the
future. Users of this platform can search, hire & pay for
freelancer services using Global Jobcoins.

6

Freelancer Smart Contracts
Clients can secure their funds using Ethereum Smart
Contracts with escrow function & release payment after
milestones are met by the freelancer. Clients can easily
interact with the Smart Contracts via an intuitive GUI.

Employer Bounty
Rewards has been a proven way to attract talents from
around the world. Employers will offer various bounties
in GJC to applicants for a Job posting or they can offer
bounties to users recommending potential candidates.

7

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

Jobstoday Platform
Jobstoday.world
The new generation entrepreneurs Sanket Deshmukh & Lukasz
Ochnik have successfully launched in 2018, an innovative & cost
effective global eRecruitment Platform.
Jobstoday is already popular with its unique features, business
model & user-friendly interface. With our unique strategy of
interactive social media recruitment, we are already bringing a
breakthrough in online recruitment world.

Problem We Are Solving
There is a big shortage of workers all over the world. There is
not one single platform that can connect qualified professionals
to companies all over the world. Big players in the market are
dictating higher prices & small businesses cannot afford to post
Jobs online.

Our Solution
Jobstoday.world - Global Job platform that every individual,
start-up, small & large enterprise can afford. We are connecting
global Job seekers with companies, recruitment agencies & headhunters at 50-70% lower costs than the competition. Jobstoday
is the only platform which gives 100% application guarantee to
employers. Our multilingual & user-friendly interface is making

9

life easier for Job seekers to find their dream Jobs all over the
world.

Target Market
According to Staffing Industry Analysts, the global online
staffing sector is a $20 Billion market. The SIA have made the
following estimates of the value of the market in 2020: $20B
(conservative), $23B (quite plausible) & $47B (aggressive).

Target Clients
•

Direct Employers

•

Job Seekers

•

Recruitment Agencies

•

Head-hunters

•

Business Owners

•

Training Institutes

•

Trade Fair Organizers

•

Government Organizations

•

Students

•

Individuals

Funding
The complete funding of the Jobstoday platform development,
testing, marketing & sales has been done by the founders Sanket
Deshmukh & Lukasz Ochnik.

10

Vision
The company’s vision has been to offer superior quality Job
search platform to Job seekers & employers at a very affordable
price & with innovative features.
Jobstoday would strive for excellence in its service & will try to
position itself as Number 1 in the market in the coming years. By
actively engaging in a dialog with the clients, Jobstoday provides
unique features desired by the clients around the world.

Strategy
The company’s basic strategy has been to build a long-lasting
relationship with our clients. Over the last few years we have
developed the platform keeping in mind the needs of our
customers. We have had an amazing growth of over 500% in
last 3 years & we continue to grow rapidly. We estimate at least
1,200,000 (1.2 Million) users registered on the Switzerland,
Germany, Austria & Poland platforms by end of 2017.
With the launch of Jobstoday Release 2.0 we have launched a lot
of new features, which we & our customers are excited about. Our
strategy for next year is to integrate our crypto currency Global
Jobcoin in our platform & be the first Job platform on the block
chain.

11

COMPANY SUMMARY

Company Summary
The founders have formed Jobstoday LTD (formerly Sunny
Look Media LLC), which specializes in Software Development,
Test Management & Recruitment Solutions. The company was
registered in March 2014 in the town of Wollerau, Canton
Schwyz, Switzerland. With the launch of Jobstoday platform
in year 2014, the company has been focusing on providing an
innovative eRecruitment Platform in Switzerland, Germany,
Austria & Poland.

Current Status
•

The company is registered in commercial registry of Ireland as
Limited Company since February 2018.

•

Company headquarter is located in Cork, Ireland.

•

The brand Jobstoday is already protected by trademark in
Switzerland & in the European Union.

•

The company has required licenses to operate recruitment
platforms in Europe.

•

Company has experienced & talented employees since 2014.

•

Platform is already launched & profitable.

•

Jobstoday has already more than 1,000,000 (1 Million) users
registered from over 90 countries.

13

Management Team
Sanket Deshmukh - Founder & Director
Sanket brings 20 years of experience in Software
& Business Development. Over the last 3 years he
has co-founded & built a successful multinational
& multilingual recruitment platform in Switzerland
Germany, Austria & Poland. His prompt, competent, &
solution oriented customer skills have been received
very positively by the customers.

Lukasz Ochnik - Founder & Director
Lukasz brings over 15 years of experience in Software
Development & Online Marketing. As a co-founder
& technology lead, he has always pushed the limits &
implemented new innovative features in the platform.
His efforts have always benefited the clients to reduce
costs & save time. His ability to find perfect solutions,
has made him very popular among the clients.

14

Talented Team Members
Each & every one of our employees represent the spirit of our
company: driven, committed, & acutely aware of how limitless
Jobstoday’s potential is to grow. We go to great lengths to
identify self-starters with diverse experience & skill sets to
produce not just an effective workforce, but a well-rounded,
talented & complementary team.

Roberto Duran
Project Manager & Database Administrator
Oracle certified Database Administrator & Project Manager.
Roberto is highly skilled engineer, who has gathered his
experience over the last 18 years, by working in different
multinationals in England, Germany & Switzerland. He is
responsible for complete Project Management, Database
Architecture & Administration.

Jorge Mendoza
Senior System Administrator & Security Expert
Jorge is a certified senior system administrator & security expert
with over 15-year experience in Server administration & online
security. He is responsible for configuring, securing & deploying
our applications on the servers.

15

Anna Shapovalova
UX Designer & Front-end Developer
Anna is our expert Web Designer & Front-end developer. She has
over 5-year experience in web & graphic design. Very passionate
designer with sharp eyes for details & colours. Anna has provided
for the project modern & user-friendly designs. She works
tirelessly to deliver the best user experience on our platform.

Carlos Ortiz
Software Architect & Full Stack Developer
Carlos is Software architect & development team lead for
Jobstoday platforms. He supports the project manager in
designing the software architecture & development activities. He
works closely with the development team to make sure that the
highest coding & quality standards are adhered to.

Bismary Mustelier
Head of Quality Assurance
Bismary is our Head QA Manager. She verifies that every release
is tested for its functionality, user friendliness & security.
Together with the testing team she makes sure that every
software delivery is tested thoroughly & deployed successfully.

Alicja Gazda
Marketing Manager
Alicja has developed a very cost-effective marketing strategy

16

for various social channels. Being an expert in Social Media
recruitment, she has helped promote our platform in more than
20 countries. Her other activities include connecting to various
social groups & establishing a positive dialogue with our end
customers.

Inga Nosek
European Sales Manager
Inga is a very talented & passionate Sales manager. With her
amazing communication & people skills, she has been a big deal
maker for our company. She is a good team player & motivates
the team with her always positive attitude. She has achieved our
sales targets in record time.

17

JOBSTODAY PRODUCT

Jobstoday Product
Jobstoday offers a modern multilingual recruitment platform
for its customers. The platform is available online in responsive
design. It will be available as an Independent Smart Phone &
Tablet Application in the future. It will be available in following
additional languages: German, French, Italian, Spanish,
Portuguese, Polish & Russian.

Product Features
Retail Job Publishing
Companies are able to post Jobs in HTML, PDF or URL format.

Individual Job Packages
Various publishing plans are offered for recruitment agencies
buying bulk Job postings. Individual tailor-made package deals
are made with Large Enterprises.
Special deals are made with Universities, Colleges, Schools &
Training Institutes.

Training & Course Advertising
Training Institutes can offer & advertise various courses on
Jobstoday platform. They will be able to target candidates,
various companies & offer professional trainings.

19

Employer Branding
Employers & Head-hunters can prepare a professional profile &
advertise their brand & services.

Apprenticeship Publishing
Companies will be able to post apprenticeship Jobs for free.
Applicants need to register to apply for apprenticeship Jobs.

Freelancers
Freelancers & Contractors can register on the platform for free.
They can search, apply for contracts & upload their portfolio on
the site.
Employers can advertise their freelance positions on the platform
for free & hire Freelancers for various tasks. An escrow account
will be implemented to protect the Freelancers & Employers.

Candidate Database Access
Companies will have the possibility to search from the complete
database of candidates & contact them directly.

Payment With Jobcoin
Employers have the possibility to pay for Job postings using
Global Jobcoin.
All current partners & large employers will be offered Global
Jobcoins at a discounted rate to use it on the platforms during
the launch phase.

20

Employer Bounty in Jobcoins
Employers will have the possibility to award applicants with a
bounty in Global Jobcoin. Also, employers can reward users who
recommend potential candidates for a position.

Freelancer Payments in Jobcoins
Employers can pay for any freelancer services using Global
Jobcoin. An iOS & Android Wallet will be integrated to offer
seamless transfer of funds.

Unique Features
First Job Platform in The World on Blockchain
Jobstoday users can pay using Global Jobcoin for all employment
related services worldwide. Clients can hire freelancers on the
Jobstoday platform & secure their transactions using smart
contracts.

International Job Platform
Candidates can apply with a single resume in available countries.

Responsive User-Friendly Interface
Complete user-friendly platform which is accessible on al
Desktop & Smart phones.

21

Multilingual Interface
Complete platform interface will be available in 8 languages:
English, German, French, Spanish, Italian, Polish, Portuguese &
Russian.

Multiple Resumes
Candidates can create & maintain multiple resumes in different
languages.

Social Media Marketing
Marketing on all leading social media platforms in every country.

Social Media Sharing
Every Job is shared on all leading social media platforms.

Social Media Recruitment
Active recruitment using various social media Job groups &
automated SEO marketing of all advertised Jobs

Google Adwords
AdWords campaigning for every advertised Jobs.

Banner & Email Marketing
Companies can advertise their brand using banner & email
marketing.

22

Interactive Blogs
Informative & interactive blogs about Jobs & everything.

23

ONLINE
RECRUITMENT MARKET

Market Overview
Koncept Analytics, a research company that offers industry
reports, projects that the global recruitment industry will grow
by 9.36% by 2016 (from $292.1 billion in 2010 to $456.97
billion). According to the report, most of the growth relates to
the increasing trend of companies hiring agency recruiters to
assist with recruitment. In 2010, staffing companies dominated
market share by bringing in 70% of total industry revenues, while
corporate staffing accounted for the other 30%.
Geographically, the report shows that Europe holds the highest
market share (39%) in the global recruitment market, while
also exhibiting consistent signs of future growth; the Monster
Employment Index Europe demonstrated a year-over-year growth
of 10% in February 2012. Germany & Switzerland continue to
remain an exceptional growth market, growing at 28 percent
year-over-year, despite the ongoing macro-economic uncertainty
in Europe.

25

Market Analysis
The company will primarily focus on small to medium size
companies, the segment that has been largely ignored by the
competition. By providing online publishing plans to suit needs of
various client segments we will penetrate the market in a short
period. Our unique social media strategy is already successful &
bringing in traffic & awareness.

Market Position
With our attractive prices & features, we are much better
positioned than our competition. The company is already able to
position its product & services in a highly competitive manner.
We are seeing a huge growth in retail business with small &
medium sized companies.

26

FOR A GOOD CAUSE

For a Good Cause
We believe in community values & helping people who don’t have
access to opportunities.

Our Charity Work
Since the foundation of our business, we have committed to help
those in needs. We have been donating 10% of our profits to
various charity organisations worldwide supporting projects for
Children & Animal Welfare.
Starting from next year we would be forming our own foundation
to finance various projects & actively support them with our
team.

Scholarships
We are already in talks with various universities in Europe &
Asia to sponsor education for those who need the most. Starting
from 2018 we would be donating a large sum from our profits to
scholarships in Technology & Health Care sector. By supporting
the talents, we would be creating the next Innovators & Leaders.

28

OUR PROMISE &
COMMITMENT

Our Promise & Commitment
We have founded & grown our business in Switzerland with
complete transparency & integrity since 2014. Our products &
services excel the expected Swiss quality. In the past 4 years, we
have built great relationship with our clients & provided them
with innovative solutions to their problems.
We value the contribution of our investors & work hard to
deliver the rewards promised. As strong supporters of the block
chain technology, we will actively contribute & invest in future
development of the crypto community.

30

LEGAL

General Information
The Global Jobcoin token should under no circumstances be
considered as a security in any form. The tokens obtained during
the presale, crowd sale or from the crypto currency exchanges
are not shares & they do not give any ownership right or stake in
Jobstoday LTD (formerly Sunny Look Media LLC) nor its current &
future brand product Jobstoday.world.
Anyone holding the Global Jobcoin tokens confirms that she/he
has reviewed this white paper & fully understands the risks, costs
& benefits associated with the purchase of these tokens.
Jobstoday LTD (formerly Sunny Look Media LLC) is not to be
considered as an advisor in any legal, tax or financial matters.
Any information in the white paper is provided for general
information purposes only. Jobstoday LTD (formerly Sunny Look
Media LLC) does not provide any warranty as to the accuracy &
completeness of this information.

32

