GSC: Global Social Chain

The world's 1st social chain based on hundreds of millions of users

GSC international foundation
January 2018

Program Overview

GSC (Global Social Chain) is the world's first new generation of social networking chain that
owns hundreds of millions of social users. This social chain is determined to use block chain
technology to subvert centralized social networks such as Facebook, WeChat, etc., which
plays a dual role as “manager” and “arbiter” simultaneously for the former social networking
platforms. GSC creatively solves the following industry pain points:

1、To protect the security of users' personal information and to prevent the tampering of
such information;

2、To restructure the user's digital asset ownership, preventing the platform from collecting
and misusing the users private information;

3、To build a value-oriented social network: Use values to encourage the modification on
how the content is produced, extended and distributed. Consequently, the content created
by users can be turned into their own value;

4、To establish a fair social user credit evaluation system, creating a friendly and healthy
social environment, and improving social efficiency.

Social networking is the most basic and the highest frequency behavior of the human
society, becoming the most important Internet infrastructure and trading platform. The social
network is a natural source applied to the centralized block chain technology. GSC's vision is
to utilize the block chain technology to restructure the values of the next generation of social
networking platforms and let the security of the private data and the digital assets become
individual.

2

Roadmap

3

Distribution scheme

Team

10%

Cornerstone
and Private

35%

sale
Foundation

Community
awards

Ecological
construction

15%

Internal team distribution
Cornerstone investors and institutional
investors
Manage foundation to support further
development
It is used to reward active users,

20%

content producers and long-lasting
investors
It is used to access various exchanges

20%

and global platforms, branding, user
acquiring and development

The total distribution of token accounts for the 35% of the total distribution, so
it would be 350 million
* Institutional investments locked up: lock up 75%, each month 15% is
unlocked
* Team locked up: every 6 months a 25% is unlocked

Conversion proportion

ETH：GSC

4

Cornerstone
investors

First round
private sale

Second round
private sale

1：16000

1：10000

1：7000

Cornerstone investors and institutions

5

Table of contents

Chapter 1: Analysis of the pain points of the market

Chapter 2: Introduction to the social chain - GSC

Chapter 3: Issuance of Token

Chapter 4: Founder Team

Chapter 5: Laws and risk statements

6

Chapter 1: Analysis of the pain points of the market

Social network is the most important basic measure of the Internet. It conveys the
user’s daily high frequency interactive behavior. The core value of the social network
includes:
 To help users to find and build a social connections ;
 To provide an instant messaging service;
 To provide a service with which the user can create, share, publish and
consume UGC contents;
 An open platform to help developers to provide a suitable environment to the
users.

However, at present, all the centralized social networking platforms, such as Facebook,
Snapchat, etc., are facing many pain points, such as information privacy security, low social
efficiency and uneven community content quality.
The pain point of the centralization of social platforms
 The security of users’ private information can’t be guaranteed
Users have no control over their own information on the social platforms. The user data
is the most important information within the social network. The platform blocks some of the
information by setting rules, and selling user's privacy as a profitable model. The traditional
centralized platform requires the customer to provide the basic private information for
identification (mobile phone number, ID information, home address, bank card information,
etc.). This centralized way of colleting private information implies that there is an extremely
high risk of leaking the user basic private information.
✓ The user data can be used by the platform at any time

The current social network is a centralized structure, where users create the content,
and the platform sets the rules, stores and distributes the content. The interaction between
users happens through the centralized social networks. Users need the social network for
interpersonal communication and the continuation of it through friends’ posts, information of
popular contents, etc. Furthermore, as a social network service provider, it can control the

7

users’ data, and can analyze the data for advertising purposes and receiving some benefits
from it.
✓ There is a lack of incentive as the values created within the content of the user
belong, at last, to the platform

The user as the core of the user community in the contribution of contents and
community construction continues to contribute good quality content. However, the
transaction price is not always transparent. On one hand, the social platform manipulates the
virtual currency exchange rate, and gets a high transaction cost; on the other hand, this
mechanism is easy for the developers, the reputation of a platform also depends on how
many frauds and fake accounts it has.

When pricing is not transparent, it leads advertisers to act as major contributors to the
social networks. They usually pay excessive fees to the social networks this way they can
get a noted spot.
 Credit system vulnerability, false information, and low social efficiency

It is common to find false information within social networks, lack of credit system,
leading to a low social efficiency. It is difficult to have social interaction between friends and
strangers. Useless information is inescapable and diverse. We must improve the efficiency
and reduce the costs by applying an automatic anti-garbage technology system. However, it
can't solve accurately the problem, and ultimately leads to poor product experience.

8

Chapter 2: Introduction to the social chain - GSC

1. Program background

In May 2017, after studying the block chain technology, we found that the pain points of
social network can be solved by block chain technology. Through the in-depth cooperation
with the famous social networking application Mico, we have the chance to validate the
solution of the blockchain technology on the product matrix of Mico and made very effective
progress.

Mico is a mobile social platform for the global market, which was launched in February
2015. With its original “intelligent social recommendation system based on interest",
Mico has created its own territory in the giantglobal social market, quickly accumulating
hundreds of millions of users and entered the top five social tables in more than 60
countries, becoming the world's premier open social platform.

Mico is committed to provide users a more open and rich social experience, enjoying
also freedom of speech. Matching users with others through precise algorithm, and
encourage users to break the border of the real world, through the "discovery", "roaming"
functions and make friends with people all over the world. According to the introduction, in
2017, the total amount of Mico, messages were about 100 billion, and the users threw more
than 1 billion "drifting bottles", the data is very stunning.

9

A social matrix is built around the social platform on Mico, including Mico, Kitty Live, Waka,
and YAY.

One of the most popular live
streaming applications in
Southeast Asia, with more
than 20 million users

South East Asia / Middle East's
largest social platform among
strangers and more than one
hundred million users, Google's
selected global best applications

Anonymous social products in the
United States

Southeast Asian version of
"shakes" products, short video
UGC new favorite

Based on Mico’s social ecology chain, after several months trying to solve the problems of
privacy data security and community incentives. Mico's user privacy security and community
activity atmosphere have been improved and optimized. It is important to notice the use of
next generation technology to reconstruct the block chain to centralize the values of social
network platform. Let the private data and security, and the digital asset values return to
individual firm belief.GSC team decided to try the block chain technology on its platform for
the next years, creating the world's first social chain, focus on solving the problems and
challenges that social networks face. So the GSC - Global Social chain program is born. The
objective of the plan we envisage is:

Step1: Based on the block chain technology, we developed functional services such as a gift
system, rewards system, copyrights system, etc. to solve pain point problems in Mico;
Step2:Building a social chain based on the solutions and experience on Mico; solving social
problems in an innovative way; and developing a list of services, opened to third parties,
such as e-commerce, social networking, games, etc.;
10

Step3: On the basis of Mico, a deep integration in using GSC social chain can help in
centralize the service, attracting a large number of developers and customize various
services for mass of users and demands of Mico. Create the next generation of social
networks that subvert Facebook and WeChat.

2、GSC: Global Social Chain

The core of the block chain technology is distributed common protocol + value network. It
uses an account that can be shared and is used to store transaction data, and can be used
to issue digital money and smart contracts. On one hand, it realizes the consensus and trust
of the whole network by mathematical and algorithm. On the other hand, it guarantees the
value incentive (currency attribute) of the environment by the token. The characteristics of
centralization, open autonomy, anonymity and no tampering of information own a natural
connection with the social field.

GSC social network created a decentralized opened network platform, using an advanced
technology, using a set of centralized smart contracts. These technologies will solve several
problems that social networks face, especially those mentioned in chapter 1.

At the bottom of the GSC, the ownership information is recorded in the social products by
using block chain to centralize the account. Smart contract solves the transaction problems
in social products and ensures the openness and transparency of the community's
ecological economy.

11

GSC social chain consists of base layer, service layer, interface layer and application layer.

Base layer is based on the development of block chain core foundation, and integrates
distributed database. Distributed databases mainly integrate decentralized IPFS to preserve
some basic data in social networks.

On top of block chain technology as the core of the base layer, GSC is the service system
customized for the new generation of content-based social network, which is also the main
feature of the GSC social chain. GSC contains e-wallet to store user assets, a gift reward
system in which value is flowing, incentive reward system in the community, license system
to ensure user content assets ownership, and safety system to ensure the safety of the
social network basic information privacy.

Based on this, GSC has developed an interface protocol, which enables developers to
implement various applications with abundant scenarios on the application layer to promote
ecological prosperity in community.

3、Product Architecture

12

In decentralized operation way, GSC has established operation mode that is completely
different from that of traditional social network: return the user data and control of the
information to the individual, and provide incentives for users with contribution. Such a
pattern guarantees personal data security, and also stimulates people to make more
contributions through the system mechanism. At this time, the network is no longer a central
hub, but a simple platform, a platform where users can interact with each other point-topoint.

GSC

Wechat

Facebook

Topology network

Decentralized

Centralized

Centralized

Information

Safe, not

There is a

There is a

security

tampered with.

probability of

probability of

being tampered

being tampered

with.

with.

Return to user

Platform

Platform

Return of user-

Everyone

Rewards to official

Only a small

generated content

By monetizing

account

percentage of

Control of
personal
information

what you create.

Internet celebrities
can benefit from
content.

Incentive system

Yes, to stimulate

No

No

Yes

Yes

user to make more
contributions.
Whether earning

No, user is the

money from user

decision maker

information

13

Social trust

High, fair trust

Acquaintances

Weak, vulnerable

system

system.

social，high trust

to harassment

4、Main product features

GSC Coin: tokens circulate on the platform and can be used to buy virtual gifts to
reward others.

Digital Wallet: personal e-wallet for asset storage, transfer, recharge and withdrawal.

Gift System:
Users can purchase virtual gifts with GSC Coin, and social interaction is accompanied
by the flow of value. Fans can buy presents for content creators here. When a fan clicks on a
content creator's gift link, the gift shop automatically pops out and displays all of the content
creators' gifts.

Safety System:
User's core and privacy data is encrypted and stored on the decentralized network
node, and user's private information and control of the information are returned to the
individual to ensure the data security.
License System:

14

The license system is based on the decentralized distribution system IPFS. Users can
publish high-quality pictures, video and other contents in the moments, which can be set to
the assets that need to be authorized to browse.
Features:
Charging authorization for the high quality content created on the social platform;
When the content is consumed, the proceeds are automatically returned to the e-wallet;
The system will make statistics on the use of resources. When system finds out
resource is abused, the user will be automatically warned or blocked by the smart contract.
Reward System:
In order to encourage users to create various social interaction and high quality content,
we designed a reward system. The reward pool is a Token pool dedicated to rewarding ecoconstruction contributors. The system calculates the SVN (Social Value Unit) of each
participating user's Social quality Value according to the algorithm every day, and rewards
some contributors according to the list. The reward pool is replenished every day according
to the reward elasticity coefficient.
Social Value Unit (SVN):
This is a unit of social quality for each user and is used as an important indicator to
evaluate the quality of users' value in the Reward System.

Algorithm:
SVN = POA + POC + POW.
POA(Proof of Activity)
POC (Proof of Charm)
POW(Proof of Wealth)

15

5、Application scenarios

✓ Reward with virtual gift in studio

In the studio of Kitty Live, fans use GSC Coin to buy virtual gifts from gift system to
reward the host, and the benefit of the host will be automatically saved in the e-wallet after
receiving the gift.

✓ e-wallet

16

In Kitty Live, host’s gift income from fans can be stored in e-wallet. Based on the
technology of block chain, the income can be transferred and extracted directly at any time.

✓ Paid moments

Based on the license system of GSC social chain service layer, Mico users can set their
own photos or video moments to license moment. Based on the automatic mechanism of
smart contract, users will automatically transfer the benefit to the content creators' e-wallet
after browsing. The whole process is highly efficient and safe. It has greatly inspired users to
create more high-quality content for the community.

17

✓ Reward System – Ranking

Based on GSC social chain service layer, Mico designed a SVN-based (social quality)
ranking list. According to the actual situation, reward system dynamically draws a fixed
amount of GSC Coins from the prize pool as reward to high-quality users on daily basis,
greatly improving user activity and content quality of Mico.

18

✓ Interactive games

Based on the smart contract technology of GSC social chain, Kitty Live integrated and
developed interactive games in the live studio, in which players use GSC Coin to purchase
the props. Therefore several pain points are solved in the game industry:
1. The licensing mechanism is not fair and transparent;
2. Anonymous protection of the players;
3. Anti-cheating;
4. Decentralize the digital wallet to ensure the player's financial security.

✓ Rewards for the Short Video

Based on the value network of GSC social chain, the influencers in Waka short videos
have successfully completed the whole process of production content, consumer content,
reward and benefit in an efficient and safe way. The non-intermediary of the value network
makes the influencers earn money without any middleman.

19

✓ Anonymous social commentary

Based on the development of GSC social chain, YAY used the anonymous vote system
to evaluate on their friends. The whole process is safe, fully protected anonymous, and
guarantees the information nondisclosure
.

20

Chapter 3: Issuance of Tokens

GSC will begin to accept investment from cornerstone investors and institutional
investment in January 2018.
3.1、Official token - GSC
The official token of the social chain is GSC, which is based on the crypto currency of
Ethereum.

3.2、Distribution of tokens

GSC releases 1 billion tokens in total, and the distribution ration is as follows:

Team

10%

Cornerstone
and Private

35%

sale
Foundation

Community
awards
Ecological
construction

21

15%

Internal team distribution
Cornerstone investors and institutional
investors
Manage foundation to support further
development
It is used to reward active users,

20%

content producers and long-lasting
investors

20%

It is used to access various exchanges
and global platforms, branding, user

acquiring and development

The total distribution of token accounts for the 35% of the total distribution, so
it would be 350 million
* Institutional investments locked up: lock up 75%, each month 15% is
unlocked
* Team locked up: every 6 months a 25% is unlocked
Conversion proportion

ETH：GSC

22

Cornerstone
investors

First round
private sale

Second round
private sale

1：16000

1：10000

1：7000

Chapter 4: Founder Team

Sean Su，GSC chairman. Mr. Su was once the country manager of ZTE in several
regions, and led the team to get the world most market share. Mr. Su is well known as a
forerunner of Chinese social apps in overseas. As an expert with global views, Mr. Su is a
staunch supporter of Blockchain.

Evan Ye, GSC Chief Scientist. Mr. Ye as a geek, is an expert in Blockchain and big
data. Evan Ye once won the top prize of Google Innovation Contest, and developed 3
popular Applications which accumulated more than 1 billion users globally. Evan Ye leads a
team and won the “best developer of Google.”

23

Henrik Zheng, CTO. Mr Zheng is one of the leading R&D in Mac/iOS. Mr Zheng used to
be team leader in Tencent and take charge of the R&D of QQ series products.

Dr. Guang Zeng received his PhD degree in EE with focus on Telecommunication from
Polytechnic Eng School of New York University in New York and Master Degree in EE from
Columbia University in New York. Guang has published 11 papers and holds 15 patents (12
in US and 3 in China). Guang used to worked in Verizon as the lead IoT architect where he
designed one of the largest IoT network. Guang's research activities focus on Blockchain
and AI/Deep learning.

24

Chapter 5: Law and risk statements

This statement does not involve any risk related to securities tendering and undertaking
of gsc.social management and gsc.social. It does not involve any controlled products in the
judicial control. This document is a conceptual document stated in the project.

This White Paper is not for sale or solicitation of shares, securities or other controlled
products of gsc.social and their related companies. It cannot be used as a prospectus or any
other form of standardized contract, and does not constitute any securities or any other
jurisdictions controlled product advice or a solicitation of investment advice. It cannot be
used to make any sales, subscribe, invite others to purchase and subscribe to any
securities, and based on this form of contact, contract or commitment. This white paper has
not been reviewed by judicial regulators in any country.

Not as advice on investing: Any information or analysis presented in this document
does not constitute any investment decisions for participation in a token Investment and no
specific recommendations will be given. You must listen to all necessary professional advice,
such as tax and accounting.

It cannot constitute any statement and guarantee: this document is used to describe the
gsc.social platform we have proposed, but the GSC. Social foundation has made it clear
that:

1) No representations and warranties shall be given to the accuracy or completeness
of any content described in this document, or to any other relevant content of the
project.
2) Without preconditions, no representations and warranties shall be given to any
achievement or justification of any forward-looking, conceptual statement;
3) Nothing in this document shall serve as a basis for any promise or statement of the
future;
4) Do not undertake any losses caused by the relevant personnel or other aspects of
the white paper;
5) Within the scope of legal liability that cannot be waived, the maximum permitted by
applicable law shall be limited.
25

Not everyone can participate in the project: gsc. social network system and platform is
not open to everyone, participants may need to complete a series of steps, including provide
id information and documents.

Unauthorized companies have nothing to do with the project: Except for the gsc.social
foundation, the use of any other companies’ or agency’s name or trademark does not make
any party associated with or recognition, only for that relevant content.

Notes related to gsc. social Token:

"GSC" is the virtual cryptographic coin of blockchain network.

GSC is not an investment product: there is no guarantee, and there is no reason to
believe that the GSC you hold will rise in value, and there may even be a risk of devaluation.

GSC is not ownership certificate or control: holding gsc.social is neither a right to have
the ownership of the gsc.social network system, nor a right to grant direct control or to make
any decision regarding the gsc.social network system.

Contact us
Website：gsc.social
Email：contact@gsc.social

26

