DISCLAIMER
Nothing herein constitutes an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any tokens, nor shall
there be any offer, solicitation, or sale of GoChain Tokens. You should carefully read and consider fully
the information contained herein this white paper and any subsequent updates. Every potential token
contributor will be required to undergo an onboarding registration process. This includes a Know Your
Customer (KYC) identity verification and proof of address documentation. Please make sure to consult
with your appropriate legal and investment advisors before contributing to our token sale. This white
paper describes our current vision for the GoChain platform. While we intend to attempt to realize this
vision, please recognize that it is dependent on quite a number of factors and subject to quite a number
of risks. It is entirely possible that the GoChain platform will never be widely implemented or adopted,
or that only a portion of our vision will be realized. We do not guarantee, represent, or warrant any of
the statements in this white paper, because they are based on our current beliefs, expectations, and
assumptions, about which there can be no assurance, due to various anticipated and/or unanticipated
events that may or may not occur. Please know that we plan to work hard in seeking to achieve our
vision but that you cannot rely on any of it coming true. Blockchain, cryptocurrencies, and other aspects
of our technology and markets are in their infancy and will be subject to many challenges, competition,
and a rapidly changing environment. We will try to update our community as we grow and evolve, but
undertake no obligation to do so.

1. Introduction
Cryptocurrency and smart contracts are changing the world economy. From a currency
perspective, what was previously impossible in most of the world – transferring money globally
in an instant – is now not only possible, it’s safe, fast, easy and almost frictionless.
Smart contracts are also rapidly changing the way business is done. A smart contract is a
computer protocol intended to digitally facilitate, verify, or enforce the negotiation or
performance of a contract. Smart contracts allow the performance of credible transactions
without third parties. These transactions are trackable and irreversible.
The potential uses of cryptocurrency and smart contracts via the blockchain are revolutionary
and have the potential to disrupt almost every industry and institution imaginable. But, there
are problems in making this vision a reality. The largest and most immediate problems are
blockchain in its current form is not scalable, lacks real decentralization, and is using absurd
amounts of energy that is not sustainable. We intend to fix those problems with immediacy!

1.1.

Executive Summary

GoChain, a standalone blockchain, is a next generation smart contract platform. It’s built upon
an improved Ethereum codebase that solves the scaling problem with immediacy. We currently
have a working TestNet showing in excess of 1300 transactions per second ongoing with
stability and has been running as high as 2400 transactions per second.
Vitalik Buterin, one of the founders of Ethereum, has labeled scalability a trilema where all 3
problems need to be solved simultaneously:
1. Scalability
2. Decentralization

3. Security
Right now Ethereum can only process 13 transactions per second and as such their network is
at capacity, yet it’s the industry standard. There are other players coming into the space trying
to build new blockchains to solve this scalability issue but that won’t solve the Ethereum scaling
problem. Next, many of these new blockchain solutions are 12-24 months out. Over 90% of the
smart contracts are Ethereum based and they need an immediate solution. And, that’s where
GoChain comes in.
We will not only solve the Ethereum scaling problem with immediacy, but anyone currently
using Ethereum will be able to seamlessly transfer to our network without making any code
changes to get:
1.

10x more decentralization

2.

100x increase in speed

3.

1000x improvement in energy consumption

Let’s take these one by one and break them down because this is a tremendously difficult
problem to solve and it’s a controversial one. If it was easy you wouldn’t be reading this white
paper. Let’s start with decentralization because that’s probably one of the most controversial
topics today.
The promise of a truly decentralized network and the currently reality are two dramatically
different things. At the time of this writing 4 companies in China account for 70-80% of all the
mining activity for all the major coins/tokens including Ethereum. That is about as far from true
decentralization as you can get, yet the purists still want to argue its merits. We obviously

disagree and further acknowledge that true decentralization in its purest form is not possible
today without making some sacrifices to get as close as possible.
So, then what is the next best solution and how do we solve this decentralization problem? Our
solution is to take a step back towards the middle, or in this case towards centralization, to take
a leap forward in creating the most decentralized solution possible. Sometimes you have to
take a step or two back to make a leap forward.
We are doing this by changing the consensus algorithm from Proof of Work (POW) to Proof of
Reputation (POR). POR is an upgraded, stronger, and more secure form of Proof of Authority
(POA). In POA the transactions and blocks are validated by approved accounts known as
validators. POA has typically been used in private networks and most recently a few companies
that have adopted it to use individuals as the validators whose identities are publicly disclosed
and at stake.
In exchange for staking their identities they are rewarded and monetarily incentivized to
process transactions. With the individual’s identities disclosed this is meant to disincentivize
them from being bad actors because it would damage their reputation. We don’t think this goes
far enough because as the value of the network grows the incentive to cheat will become larger
and larger.
This is why we’ve come up with POR which uses companies as validators not individuals. A
company with a reputation has a lot more to lose than an individual and is a much stronger
deterrent to be a bad actor because the risk is much larger. A company caught cheating would
not only be risking its reputation. It would be risking its entire market cap and the reputation of
the officers and shareholders of the company. It would have significantly more to lose than any
one individual.

Taking it a step further we plan to use 50 companies in 50 different countries as the validators
to force decentralization. By spreading the validators across 50 different companies with
reputations at stake it should create almost perfect decentralization and make the network
very difficult to be compromised. Furthermore, by spreading the nodes geographically no one
government, like the US or China, can come in and take over the network. These two
considerations should deter any 51% attacks.
How will the validators be chosen? Initially, GoChain will choose the validators and then the
selection process will be turned over to the network. What kind of companies will they be?
Think, Venture backed startups with a burn rate, VC partners, angel investors, and new product
or service. By using these types of companies or larger there is a huge incentive maintain
network integrity to protect their market cap and professional integrity.
Next, how do we move from 13 transactions a second to 1300+ tps? We are solving this
partially by moving to POR and by dealing with the large amounts of data in ways that allow for
much faster speeds. Again, this is not an easy issue to solve. The data storage issue alone at
1300 transactions per second produces 0.7 gigabytes a data an hour. It should be noted that
any offchain solutions such as Plasma or Raiden will be able to work on top of GoChain to make
it even faster.
Lastly, by switching to POR we will be able to dramatically decrease the energy utilization
needed to process the blocks. The network effect will be somewhere between 1000 to 10,000x
greener in terms of energy utilization.
We have a world class dev team is lead by Travis Reeder the former founder of Iron.io. We also
have Iron’s former Director of Engineering Romana Kononov. While at Iron they pioneered
Serverless Cloud Computing to over 1 million transactions per second. Also on our team is Ben

Johnson the author of Boltdb. As such, we think we are uniquely qualified to solve this
particular Ethereum scaling problem.
Moving forward we plan to launch the next generation of smart contracts. We think smart
contracts should be “smart” with the ability to be changed, altered, paused, and/or terminated
over time as conditions and/or agreements change. Just like in the real world.
Our MainNet will launch at the end of May 2018. Followed by smart contract upgrades and
further network speed increases by the end of 2018. In 2019 we plan to upgrade our network
to excess of 13,000 tps or 1000x the speed of Ethereum.

1.2. Background
1.2.1. Speed and Volume. Public, decentralized cryptocurrencies suffer from slow transactions
and low transaction volume. Bitcoin can only process 7 transactions per second [1], Ethereum
can only process 13 per second [2]. Additionally, the time to verify transactions can range from
several minutes to several hours depending on current volume [4]
In contrast, Visa, Inc. averages 150 million transactions every day and is capable of handling
more than 56,000 transactions per second [3]. Public cryptocurrencies are too slow for real
world processing by 4 orders of magnitude.
1.2.2. Energy Consumption. The process of mining blocks uses an enormous amount of energy
because of a consensus algorithm called Proof-of-Work (PoW) [12]. PoW requires non-trivial
computational work by mining nodes which, in turn, makes it cost prohibitive for a bad actor to
perform malicious acts. This computational workload requires energy.

As of today, 3.5 million US households could be powered with the energy used to run the
Bitcoin network, while Ethereum uses the equivalent power of 1 million households [10], [11].
This unacceptable and unsustainable.
1.2.3. Decentralization. Decentralization is a central tenant of cryptocurrencies. It ensures no
one company or government can control it. However, in practice most mining has moved to
China where electricity is cheapest [26], [27]. 75% of all blocks are mined by large Chinese
mining companies. This is true of Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum and top cryptocurrencies [5].
In the event of company collusion or government privatization, 51% attacks [6] would be
possible.
1.2.4. Rigid Contracts. Ethereum provides a unique feature called smart contracts. These smart
contracts allow users to write small, unmodifiable programs that ensure all involved parties are
committed to a set of rules with absolute certainty. This has been so successful that nearly
every ICO in the past year has run on Ethereum’s smart contract system.
These smart contracts, however, are not smart at all. They are extremely rigid contracts that
are unable to adapt to changes like real world contracts would. Parties involved in a contract
have no ability to upgrade their contract if necessary to adjust terms or to fix bugs in contract
code. Successful attacks have been mounted against smart contracts [7] and there are several
known attacks [8], [9].

1.3 Previous Work
1.3.1. Proof-of-Work Algorithm. Proof-of-Work (PoW) [12], [13] is a consensus algorithm that
is commonly used in cryptocurrencies. PoW was originally invented as a means to combat spam
[15]; if you make it computationally expensive to send email then spamming would be cost
prohibitive while still being almost free for a normal user to send email. The same concept is

used in cryptocurrencies to prevent malicious actions by making it prohibitively expensive to
modify the blockchain.
In cryptocurrency networks, “miners” are special nodes that perform the PoW calculation on a
set of transactions plus the hash of the previous block to generate the next block in the
blockchain. Since the block contains the hash of the previous block, changing a historical block
would require regenerating all of the subsequent blocks. Regenerating all the hashes would be
computationally intensive and would require a lot of energy – and energy isn’t free. It would
also be time consuming. The process of proving work and generating blocks is called ”mining”.
Miners are rewarded for this work with newly minted coins adding to the total supply.
Although PoW has helped move us towards secure distributed ledger system, it suffers from
poor performance, a lack of decentralization, and excessive energy consumption.
1.3.2. Proof-of-Stake Algorithm. Proof-of-Stake (PoS) [14] is another consensus algorithm
which pseudo-randomly chooses validators based on their stake in the network. The idea is that
those with the most coins in circulation have the most to lose so they are positioned to work in
the interest of the network. This approach avoids the cost of computing hashes, however, it
makes assumptions about the interests of its members being in line with the network.
Validators within the PoS network are anonymous users who are identified only by their wallet
address. This pro-vides no additional accountability over PoW for bad actors who can amass
significant wealth on the network. Second, transaction fees will go to those who already have
the most money within the network and large wealth requirements exclude poorer coinholders
from validation. Finally, while PoS reduces energy consumption its goal is not oriented towards
high performance. Initial targets for Ethereum’s Casper implementation are only 100 TPS.
1.3.3. Proof-of-Authority Algorithm. Proof-of-Authority [16] is a new consensus algorithm
where a trusted set individuals provide all transaction processing. This trust allows transaction

processing speed to improve significantly by skipping the PoW hash computation. A few
networks exist but they currently only focus on private networks or do not focus on
performance as a goal. Many also do not have compatibility with the Ethereum network.
One public network relies the US state-level Notary Public system to verify the identity of 12
individuals who will act as validators on the network [17]. Candidates requesting validator
status submit proof of physical address, bank account, social network, and mobile phone to
verify their real-world identity. While PoA removes the the computational burden of mining,
trusting individuals for transaction processing breaks down at scale for several reasons.
First, there is a disparity between the net worth of the network versus the market cap of the
network. This is what the PoS system attempts to solve. Assuming an average net worth of an
individual in the United States is $68,828 [18], the total net worth of the validators is $825,936:
12 ∗ $68, 828 = $825, 936

Even if the number of validators increased by an order of magnitude, the total net worth of the
validators is a tiny fraction of the $6.8T in transactions processed by Visa, Inc. every year [19].
This disparity introduces a strong incentive for bribery.
Second, validators must post their physical address publicly which opens the potential for
intimidation or physical threats. A terrorist organization or rogue state can mount an attack on
a large scale financial system by controlling half of these validators.
Finally, most individuals lack the experience and infrastructure to run a secure transaction
processing system. This significantly increases the network’s exposure to malicious hacking.

2. Implementation
2.1. Proof-of-Reputation

GoChain uses a Proof of Reputation (PoR) consensus model that depends on the reputation of
its participants to keep the network secure. A participant must have a reputation that is
important enough that they would face dire consequences if they were to cheat the system–in
both financial terms and branding. Most businesses would face serious consequences if they
were caught cheating a financial network. Larger companies with more to lose will be chosen
over smaller companies with less to lose.
Once a company proves reputation, they may be voted into the network as an authoritative
node and at this point, it operates just like a Proof of Authority network (PoA). Only
authoritative nodes can sign and validate blocks.
We are building on Ethereum’s network because it is much more than just a store of value.
That is why we believe it’s the best cryptocurrency and blockchain on the market today and
why we are using it as a starting point. All Ethereum wallets and development tools will be
compatible with GoChain.

2.2. Why Reputation?
Reputation is critical to a business. A business that acts in an unethical way suffers on many
levels including fines, loss of revenue, decrease in valuation, branding, and public relations.
Trust is a cornerstone to a successful business and once a brand loses trust with their
customers, it can take years repair.
The Volkswagen emissions scandal [20] is a perfect example. They operated alone to deceive
the public and their own customers. Once caught, it was a financial and public relations
disaster which caused a 30% drop in stock price and a $25 billion fine [21].

GoChain uses this model to allow companies to keep each other in check and keep the network
secure. Imagine if Volkswagen worked with Ford, Toyota and others to validate and verify each
other’s emissions tests. It is unlikely that Volkswagen could have gotten away with their
fraudulent emissions tests. If they had attempted it then they would quickly be voted out of
the consortium and lose their rights to be a part of the network.
PoR is more attractive to the broader business community than untrusted networks based on
PoW or PoS. Risk-adverse companies will be able to rely on known brands in the same way they
trust companies like Visa, Inc. or JPMorgan Chase & Co. In PoR, everyone knows exactly who
they are trusting with their data.

2.3. Measuring Reputation
Reputation is impossible to measure precisely but we are weighing several important metrics in
our decision:
1)

Market Cap

2)

Publicly Traded

3)

Brand Significance

Companies with a large market cap have more to lose than small cap companies. We use this
metric when evaluating companies because the value of the member companies needs to be in
parity with the value of the processing network to disincentivize cheating.
We next look at whether a company is publicly or privately held. The effect of reputation affects
publicly traded companies more directly and immediately than private companies. An unethical
decision on the network can impact a public company’s stock price in minutes.

Finally, we give preference to companies which require strong public brands for their business.
For example, a loss of reputation for a company like Coca-Cola or Apple will be more impactful
than for a coal mining company.

2.4. Authorized Signers
Authorized signers are trusted nodes that create blocks, sign them, and distribute them to
other nodes. Similar to miners in a Proof-of-Work (PoW) system in that they create blocks and
sign them but without the mining cost.
A list of authorized signers will be maintained on the blockchain. Only authorized nodes can
sign blocks and all blocks are verified that this is true by checking the signer is in the authorized
list. The signing algorithm is essentially the same signature algorithm as PoW but with a
different set of headers. PoW-specific headers will be removed and additional headers added to
enable voting.

Given N authorized signers, a signer may only sign a block every (N/2) + 1. This ensures that
someone would need to control > 50% of signers to perform a malicious attack [6].
2.4.1. Incentives / Rewards. Authorized signers will be rewarded GoChain Coins (GOC) per
block signed. Initially this rate will be 5% of the total tokens which is 50,000,000 new tokens in
year one. This rate will decrease over time. The amount per block will depend on the finalized
block times. If block times are 10 seconds for example, then the node would be rewarded an
average of 15.9 tokens per signed block in the first year.
There will also be small transaction fees that the author- itative node that signs the block
containing the transactions will keep.

Figure 1. Total GOC (in billions)
The consensus protocol ensures fairness and liveness by incentivizing the assigned signer of a
block to perform the signing but also allowing other blocks to sign if the assigned signer is
unavailable. The assigned signer for a block is determined by a round-robin lookup of the
authorized signer list. If the assigned signer doesn’t respond then then other signers can sign at
a lower block difficulty level. See Algorithm 1.
Algorithm 1: Signing Blocks

2.5. Voting
GoChain has implemented a two-phase voting process. For the initial rollout, the GoChain
Foundation will add the first 50 signers to the authorization list. These original
50 signers will be companies from multiple industries and spread out across multiple countries.
This will help ensure forced decentralization and avoid interference by any single government.
Once 50 authorized signers have been established then voting control will be handed over to
the signers to govern themselves. This voting process is shown in Algorithm 2. The PoA
implementation repurposes several block headers to pass voting information between nodes.

2.6. Signer Verification

Companies which operate authorized signer nodes will go through a verification process to
ensure their identity is correct. These validation steps will be automated through the use of
smart contracts on the blockchain.
The PoA implementation provides point-in-time signer & voting state that we can build upon to
provide full transparency to end users. Combined with the verification data stored within smart
contracts, users can what companies are running which nodes at any given point.
2.6.1. Company Verification. The first verification step requires companies to provide their
Dun & Bradstreet D- U-N-S number. This identifier allows voters obtain a D&B report on the
company to view official contact information. This information will be used to establish
communication. See Figure 2
Algorithm 2: Vote to add/remove signer

2.6.2. DNS Verification. A secondary verification step re- quires companies to add a TXT entry
to their DNS records with a random token. This is a common practice when verifying domain
ownership [28]. GoChain will host a DApp which generates tokens for requestors and validates
DNS records. Authorized signing nodes can use this DApp to view the verification. See Figure 3

Figure 3. DNS Verification Sequence

2.7. Checkpoints
A checkpoint is a signed snapshot of the current state of the entire blockchain at a particular
block number. It will contain all non-zero account balances and smart contract states. Once a
checkpoint is generated, all the previous blocks and data can be removed.
When a new node is started, it will download a recent checkpoint, then continue retrieving
blocks and state from that point on. This will save hours, if not days, getting in sync. This means
a node can be up and running in minutes.
GoChain will provide a publicly-available, read-only API to retrieve any historical block so
anyone can look up data by keys. This will be open-source so anyone can run this to keep a full
history. We encourage it for further verification and accountability. This will make it easier to
build third party services such as block explorers.

2.8. Performance and Optimizations
2.8.1. Speed and Volume of Transactions. By using trusted nodes, transactions can be verified
very quickly and the volume of transactions the network can handle increases by orders of
magnitude. Similar to systems we use every day that can handle high volumes, like a Google
search or Visa payments, those systems can handle high load only because they trust the
servers and the network they are running on.
Other factors such as block size and gas limits are artificially low because of the computation
power required by PoW. By trusting the consensus nodes we can increase the volume of the
network by 100x more than Ethereum can currently handle. Trusted consensus is used outside

cryptocurrencies in systems such as etcd which can reach 141,578 transaction per second on a
3-node cluster using modest hardware [?]. Improving throughput is critical as the growth rate
of Ethereum is skyrocketing to an unsustainable rate. Ethereum runs at 13 tx/second right now;
we are targeting 1,300 tx/second at mainnet launch.
The two major parameters we can tweak are block size (gas limit) and block times. Due to the
fact that we have a relatively small set of signers (vs the number of miners in PoW) with known
capabilities, we are able to increase the block size drastically and reduce the block times. This
alone greatly increases the number of transactions per second. As stated above, the reason you
can’t increase block size in PoW is that it makes the hashing algorithm too hard and too
expensive. GoChain does not have that limitation.

2.8.2. Energy Consumption. Using a trusted network of authoritative nodes means that there
will be no mining. No mining means there will be no battle between computers to win blocks
and therefore no wasted energy. Nodes will only require a small fraction of this energy to
process transactions, run smart contracts, and verify blocks.
Ethereum’s estimated energy consumption at the time of this writing is 14 TWh and rising [32].
Assuming 450W power usage per server [31], our 50-node cluster will only use 197.1 MWh or
0.001% of the energy of the Ethereum network.

2.8.3. Networking. Signers will communicate directly with each other. This means that the
node who just finished signing will send the just signed block to other signers in the authorized
signers list before sending to a replication node. This ensures the authorized signers get the
information they need as fast as possible while offloading blockchain and API queries for the
rest of the network to dedicated replica nodes.
The replication layer exists for non-signer nodes (everyone else) to request blocks and query
the state using a read-only API. Because the replication layer is read-only, we can horizontal
scale to meet the needs of a global scale set of users. Figure 6 shows an example of this 3-tier
network strategy.

2.8.4. Storage. The storage requirements to store the entire blockchain is quite large–
Ethereum size is hundreds of gigabytes and it’s growing rapidly. It can take hours or days to
synchronize to a new node which makes it impractical for the average user that just wants to
send a transaction. There are newer modes you can run to reduce the size such as fast and light
mode, which reduce the size drastically and that is a good step in the right direction.
Since GoChain will be handling 100x more transaction volume, storage becomes much bigger–
potentially 100x bigger. As of this writing, Ethereum transactions average 174 bytes and
700,000 transactions occur per day [29] which produce 120.4MB of block data per day or
43.9GB per year. Increasing throughput by 2 orders of magnitude will generate 4.4TB of block
data per year. Propagating this across all 23,000 nodes in the Ethereum network [30] would
require 101 petabytes.

By limiting the set of nodes operating on the dataset we reduce the network traffic and storage
requirements. Checkpointing allows nodes to only store the small fraction of the total
blockchain that is required for current processing. Current cloud pricing of $0.022 USD per
GB/month [33] makes storing a copy of the blockchain history only $1,161.60 USD per year of
block data.
2.8.5. The Future. Beyond our initial goals described above, we have a plan to upgrade the
smart contract system to make it easier and less error prone. Software almost always contains
bugs that are unknown at the time of release and developers need a way to fix those bugs.
Ethereum does not allow you to upgrade your contracts and that results in $100’s of millions of
value being stolen [7]. We intend to make writing smart contracts easier to write and easier to
deploy, as well as making them safer to prevent the massive amounts of theft that is
happening. Smart contracts need to be more like the real world, where they can be amended,
paused, and/or terminated.
We are also adding standardized rulesets to contracts to define how and when contracts can be
modified. We expect this will help the adoption of smart contracts by the broader business
community by using familiar contract terms. For example, a co-op organization may require a
quorum of members to change a contract while other organizations may require all participants
in a contract to agree to a change. GoChain will continue to default contracts to be immutable
by default for compatibility with Ethereum. GoChain will also add additional security features
such as whitelists to protect access to contracts to minimize attack risk.

3. Road Map

4.

Tokenomics

•

Hard Cap 26,500 ETH

•

10% goes to the core team

•

6% to advisors

•

10% Foundation and bounties

•

4% marketing and legal

•

10% GoChain Fund - VC arm to fund ecosystem projects

•

10% Reserve with a 1-year lockup

•

50% token sale

•

6-month lockup for advisors

•

Team lockup 25% at 6 months, 12 months, 18 months, 24 months

Total Token Supply

1,000,000,000 GOC

Token Sale Soft Cap

2,500 ETH

Token Sale Hard Cap

26,500 ETH

Approx. 50,000,000 new tokens will be generated per year for authorized nodes. This will decrease
over time.

5.

Team

Jason Dekker - CEO
Jason is a serial entrepreneur, former hedge fund manager managing in excess of $250 million,
angel investor, board member and advisor with an exit to a public company. He has extensive
C-level experience in finance, biotech, tech, and the food & beverage industries.

Travis Reeder - Chief Software Architect
Travis has over 20 years of experience developing high-throughput, high scale applications and
cloud services. He founded successful technology companies and has raised tens of millions in
funding from some of the top VC firms in Silicon Valley. Having solved scaling problems and
delivering scalable services for his entire career, he is now applying that knowledge and
experience to blockchain. Travis holds a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science.
Ben Johnson - Sr. Software Engineer
Ben Johnson is an open source software developer specializing in writing databases and
distributed systems. He created BoltDB, a very popular in-process, transactional, key/value
store that is used by many projects including CoreOS's etcd & Hashicorp's Consul.
Guilherme Rezende - Sr. Software Engineer

Guilherme has extensive software development experience in both cloud technology and open
source. He is also a blockchain developer and speaker. Guilherme holds a Bachelor's degree in
Computer Science.
Jordan Krage - Sr. Software Engineer
Jordan Krage is a software engineer with experience in big data and distributed systems. He is
one of the developers of the Go (golang) dependency management tool dep. Jordan holds a
Master's degree in Computer Science.

Roman Kononov
Sr. Software Engineer
Roman has 12 years of experience developing software and leading engineering teams. He also
has extensive knowledge and experience with cyber security, helping companies protect
themselves from threats. Roman holds a Master's degree in Computer Science.

6.

Advisors

Matthew Skinner
Founder at EtherSportz
Shihab Ali
Chief Strategy Officer at HODL Gang
Chad Arimura

VP Cloud at Oracle
Jameson Stafford
VP Corporate Development at Catalytic, Inc.

Morgan Mackles
VP Sales at X.ai
Alex Barrett
Founder and CEO at Likemoji
Justin Mares
Founder at Kettle & Fire
Author of Traction

References
[1] Bitcoin Scalability Problem, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin scalability problem
[2] Blockchains Don’t Scale, https://hackernoon.com/2cb43946551a
[3] VisaNet handling 100,000 transactions per minute,
https://mybroadband.co.za/news/security/190348.html
[4] Average Blockchain Confirmation Time, https://blockchain.info/charts/avg-confirmationtime, https://etherscan.io/chart/pendingtx

[5] Stop Calling Bitcoin Decentralized, https://medium.com/@homakov/cb703d69dc27
[6] 51% Attack, https://www.investopedia.com/terms/1/51-attack.asp
[7] The DAO Attacked: Code Issue Leads to $60 Million Ether Theft,
https://www.coindesk.com/
dao-attacked-code-issue-leads-60-million-ether-theft/
[8] A survey of attacks on Ethereum smart contracts, https://eprint.iacr.org/2016/1007.pdf
[9] Known Attacks, https://consensys.github.io/smart-contract-best-practices/known attacks
[10] Bitcoin Energy Consumption, https://digiconomist.net/bitcoin-energy-consumption
[11] Ethereum Energy Consumption, https://digiconomist.net/ethereum-energy-consumption
[12] Proof-of-Work, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proof-of-work-system
[13] Proof-of-Work, https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Proof-of-work
[14] Proof-of-Stake, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proof-of-stake
[15] Pricing via Processing, http://www.wisdom.weizmann.ac.il/∼naor/ PAPERS/pvp.ps
[16] Proof of Authority, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proof-of-authority
[17] POA Network Governance Overview,
https://github.com/poanetwork/wiki/wiki/Governance-Overview
[18] Average net worth of Americans, http://www.businessinsider.com/heres-the-averagenet-worth-of-americans-at-every-age-2017-6

[19] Visa, Inc., https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visa Inc.
[20] How VW Paid $25 Billion for ’Dieselgate’ and Got Off Easy
http://fortune.com/2018/02/06/volkswagen-vw-emissions-scandal-penalties/
[21] VW Scandal: How Has It Impacted Volkswagen’s Stock?,
https://www.investopedia.com/news/ vw-scandal-how-has-it-impacted-volkswagens-stockvlkay/
[22] Block Size and Transactions per Second, https://www.bitcoinplus.org/blog/block-size-andtransactions-second
[23] Ethereum Block Size, https://www.reddit.com/r/ethereum/comments/4a3kqo/what-isethereums-block size/
[24] Can we please increase the gas limit?,
https://www.reddit.com/r/ethereum/comments/7hmlm4/can-we-please-increase-the-gaslimit/
[25] Block Size Limit Controversy, https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Block size-limitcontroversy#Arguments in opposition to increasing the blocksize
[26] Electricity Sector in China, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electricity sector-in-China
[27] Why China Mines More Bitcoin Than Any Other Country,
http://www.businessinsider.com/ why-china-mines-more-bitcoin-than-any-other-country2017-12
[28] Let’s Encrypt, How it Works, https://letsencrypt.org/how-it-works/ [29] Ethereum
Transactions Historical Chart, https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/ethereumtransactions.html

[30] Ethereum Mainnet Node Explorer, https://www.ethernodes.org/network/1
[31] Google Green Computing, https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/
www.google.com/en//green/pdfs/google-green-computing.pdf
[32] Ethereum Energy Consumption Index, https://digiconomist.net/ethereum-energyconsumption
[33] AWS S3 Pricing, https://aws.amazon.com/s3/pricing

