WHITE PAPER
Version 1.0.2 (ICO Release)
Last Update: November 5th, 2017

A blockchain based investment network that makes it
possible for anyone to gain gratification for any and
every human activity.

Website https://goldreward.io
Telegram Announcement channel
https://t.me/joinchat/AAAAAEH3O3kOexOTBEuZFg
Please use the hashtag #GOLDReward when sharing to
social media.
Facebook Page
https://www.facebook.com/GoldReward-GRX-Token518158431862646/
Twitter
https://twitter.com/GoldReward_GRX

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1.
1.1
1.2
1.3
1.4

INTRODUCTION
Vision
Problem
Solution
The Roadmap

2.
THE GOLDREWARD PLATFORM
2.1 Gamification
2.2 Trading Platform
2.3 Lending Platform
2.4 Affiliate / Network Program
2.4.1 Direct and Indirect Bonuses
2.4.2 Binary Bonus
2.5 Balance Bonus (Staking)
2.6 Mobile Wallet App
3.
THE GRX TOKEN
3.1 Specification
3.2 Distribution
4.
4.1
4.2
4.3
4.4

GRX ICO
ICO Goals
GRX Allocation Proposal
GOLDReward Contribution Procedure
ICO Referral Bonuses

5.

THE FUTURE WE SEE

1. INTRODUCTION
“Our point of view on gamification is it all comes down to this idea of
motivating people through data. Smart companies can take that data and
use that to motivate better performance.” – Rajat Paharia, CPO & Cofounder, Bunchball
1.1 Vision
GOLDReward’s vision is to make it possible to reward every aspect of
human endeavour. We picture a world where any form of effort can be
quantified and compensated with pinpoint accuracy devoid of bias. This will
increase motivation and satisfaction in any sphere of life where our
principles and technology are applied.
1.2 Problem
In the world as we know it repetitive tasks get boring over time. The human
mind is infinitely elastic and always willing to accommodate new things.
When an intelligent mind does something over and over the cells and
organs get into a state where they are not stretched. As a result, this
creates a normalized set of automated processes in the body causing the
mind to either drift off or become dormant. At this point in time the mind will
either start day-dreaming (self-hypnosis) or switch off. This repeated over
and over causes a loss of energy, lack of motivation and ultimately low
output.
Attempts have been made to boost productivity through compensation but
these have been faced with the problem of bias and non-uniformity in
quantification of effort.
1.3 Solution
GOLDReward leverages on blockchain technology to accurately quantify
effort and offer gratification in an unbiased, secure manner across different
aspects of daily living including learning, skill acquisition, work, health and
fitness. By integrating the GoldReward API, any organization, platform or
individual can apply game theory to motivate and improve productivity.
This technology is supported by a high value reward system that provides
liquidity

1.4 The Roadmap

2.

THE GOLDREWARD PLATFORM

2.1 Gamification
This is the application of gaming mechanics such as points, levels and
awards to non-gaming environments. Gamification leverages our desires
for status, achievement, competition and to be part of an inclusive social
community to help make boring tasks more fun. So, gamification applied to
work would improve productivity and foster a healthy environment in the
workplace. Applying gamification to fitness and health will improve
adherence and achievement of goals. GOLD Reward token aims to make it
easier to apply game theory to any application.

An application program interface (API) is a code that allows two software
programs to communicate with each other. Gamification API will help
companies, businesses etc to be able to track and reward their workers in
the workplace, or teachers to reward their students in school, etc, thereby
improving productivity in the workplace and making learning fun.
Check out our github repository for more information with interacting with
our smart contract gamification API https://github.com/goldreward/grx-token/wiki/Getting-Started-With-GRX
2.2 Trading Platform
The Trading platform simply enables the buying and selling of digital
currency – much like how stocks are bought and sold in the Stock
Exchange. Financial trading consists of buying or selling an underlying
amount in a financial market with the intention of earning a speculative
profit. The investor buys a crypto asset with the intention of being able to
sell for a profit.
The Trading Platform which is an online electronic trading exchange, is a
computer system running a software that allows traders to open, close,
manage market positions, place trades and monitor accounts. Investors
and members will be able to earn profits from buying and selling GRX on
the platform, by buying low and selling high thereby making some profits.
They could also exchange/trade Bitcoin or Ethereum for GRX on the
platform. The trading platform enforces two-factor authentication (2FA) to
log in and also during withdrawal to protect the user’s crypto assets.
Gold Reward is also in communication with external exchanges including
but not limited to coinexchange.io, liqui.io, etherdelta.com, coss.io,
bittrex.com and cryptopia.co.nz.
2.3 Lending Platform
Our crypto-analytic trade automation engine (CATA-E) facilitates high
yield exchange tokens with major cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and

ethereum on exchange platforms. Members benefit from this software
used to automatically analyze market actions, such as time, price, orders,
and volume. Applying this to GRX, you can get up to 35 - 45% return
within 30 days by lending GRX to CATA-E.
This unique automated Trading System (CATA-E) makes trades
autonomously and continuously, making millions of microtransactions
which is humanly impossible. This results in establishing a more efficient
trading system, and as well assist lenders in generating profit over time.
Lending is a form of passive investment for investors who are busy with
other activities of life and would want their money working for them. The
daily profits is not guaranteed but varies depending on market
fluctuations for that day, however the automated trading system CATA-E
should give a monthly ROI of about 35% up to a maximum of 45%. Your
investment amount is returned at the end of your contract period or
optionally you can reinvest it into lending platform so as to continue
receiving daily profit.

2.4 Affiliate / Network Program
With a vision to make it possible to reward every aspect of human
endeavour, picturing a world where any form of effort can be quantified
and compensated through gamification, the GoldReward system needs to
be promoted and introduced to the rest of the world. Just like most
organisations, our investors and members earn rewards by sharing the
GoldReward opportunity with others and referring new members to the
GoldReward community.
GoldReward offers a healthy bonus program which enables you to earn
GRX for every new user who signs up and lends GRX to our lending
platform using your affiliate (referral) link. For those members that are able
to build a team in GoldReward, Affiliate/Network bonuses in the form of
Direct Bonuses, Indirect Bonuses and Binary Bonuses are awarded as
compensation for their effort in promoting the system. To qualify for these
bonuses members should have invested at least once through the lending
platform.
2.4.1 Direct and Indirect Bonuses
The system is designed to provide 4 Levels of earning potential to you
based on the number of lenders under you. You will earn a commission
every time your direct or indirect referral, lends GRX on the lending
platform.

Direct

8%

:

1st Generation

Indirect 2% :
1% :
0.5% :

2nd Generation
3rd Generation
4th Generation

2.4.2 Binary Bonus

This is an accumulative bonus from the beginning of the lending program,
and includes total invested amount from a member’s downlines (both
direct and indirect) and spillover from uplines. A member will earn on the
balance of both sides, receiving the corresponding percentage of the total
accrued amount on the smaller side based on the table above. This
amount is paid daily from the side with the lesser volume, and the same
amount deducted from the side with the higher volume.
N.B - GoldReward reserves the right to adjust the commission rate as
necessary to ensure the continued operations of the system, however this
is very unlikely.
2.5 Balance Bonus (Staking)
This is a way of making passive income which is similar to Staking in
Proof of Stake Coins. GRX is a Proof of Work Token, however by keeping
a specific amount of tokens in your wallet, you provide security and
stability to the system and you get rewarded with more tokens . Our
platform pays you a percentage of your minimum balance in a month
(please refer to the schedule below for percentages). Your minimum
balance begins to count from the first day of the month and must be
maintained through the entire month to be paid Balance Bonus. The
Balance Bonus for the previous month is paid on the 5th day of the
following month.

2.6 Mobile Wallet
The Gold Reward Android and iOS applications will enable user
aggregate and manage their GRX token rewards in an easy and
secure way.

3.

THE GRX TOKEN

3.1 Specification
TOKEN NAME: GOLD Reward Token
ABBREVIATION: GRX
TOTAL SUPPLY: 20 Million
AVAILABLE GRX TOKEN SUPPLY FOR ICO: 17.5 Million
MAXIMUM SUPPLY: 37 Million
DECIMAL PLACES: 18
PRESALE DATE: Start 14th Oct
ICO DATE: Start 28th Oct
ALGORITHM: Ethash (Proof of work)
PRICE: Presale - $0.46
ICO Round 1 - $0.76
ICO Round 2 - $0.86
ICO Round 3 - $0.96

3.2 Summary of Distribution
Developers and Initial Investors Hold: 12.5% of GRX Tokens (2,500,000
GRX)
Pre-Sale: 25% of available GRX Tokens bonus inclusive (5,000,000
GRX)
Crowd Sale: 62.5% of available GRX Tokens bonus inclusive
(12,500,000 GRX)

12.5% of total GRX tokens are being held by Developers and strategic
investors. This has enabled the GRX project to kick-off and to provide
initial funding for advertisement and campaign. GRX Tokens held by
strategic investors are locked in and cannot be transferred or traded until
6 months after Crowd sale has ended.
25% of total GRX tokens is offered in presale at a fixed rate of $0.46
This includes GRX tokens offered as bonuses and bounty during Presale.
Crowd sale to begin a week after Presale and will run in 3 rounds at 3
price levels over a maximum period of 4 weeks or when the available
GRX Tokens are sold out. 62.5% of total GRX tokens will be offered. This
includes GRX tokens offered as bonuses and bounty during Crowd sale.

4.

GRX ICO

4.1 ICO Goals
The GOLDReward ICO is aimed at raising funds to help complete
development of the GOLDREWARD Platform and provide the
infrastructure needed to offer our services to the huge customer base we
are targeting. The funds will also be used for marketing and engagement
of strategic partners who will be beneficial to the GOLDReward
ecosystem.
4.2 GRX Allocation Proposal
1. When GOLDREWARD judges in its sole discretion both that The Client
is sufficiently developed to launch the GOLDREWARD Project and that it
is an appropriate time to launch the GOLDREWARD Project, it will issue a
public announcement recommending what the Initial State should be. In
the Initial State it shall recommend the allocations of GRX as set forth
below.
2. GOLDREWARD cannot guarantee to Contributors that they shall have
any allocation and/or creation of GRX as set forth in these terms however
this terms will guide the allocation process.
3. In the Initial State, GOLD REWARD shall recommend the allocations of
GRX according to the principles set forth below:
a.A total of 20,000,000 GRX tokens are available in the initial state.
b.2,500,000 GRX which make up 12.5% of GRX available are held up by
the developers and initial investors to support the initial takeoff and
development of the GRX Platform. Under agreement these tokens shall

be locked up until 6 months after completion of the Crowd Sale (Public
Offer) with a buy back clause should the GOLDReward ICO meet its
fundraising target.
c.25% of GRX tokens available for distribution during the contribution
period which is 5,000,000 GRX inclusive of bonus will be offered as Presale at a price of $0.46. GOLD REWARD shall have sole right to distribute
some of the GRX offered in the form of discounts, bonuses, and
promotions. The GRX shall be allocated automatically following
confirmation of contribution on the relevant blockchain to the ERC20
wallet address provided by contributor. These tokens shall be locked up
until after completion of the Crowd Sale (Public Offer).
d.Crowd Sale/ICO is scheduled to begin a week after completion of Presale and will last for 4 weeks except otherwise decided by GOLDReward.
For Crowd Sale, GOLDReward will offer remaining 62.5% of Total GRX
tokens available for distribution directly into ERC20 wallets provided by
the contributor. They will be released and available for transfer, trading
and use along with GRX tokens issued in Pre-sale after successful
completion of the Crowd Sale. GRX tokens will be transferrable to GRX
web wallet that will be released shortly after.
4. Contributors will have to download ERC20 compatible Wallet, which will
be necessary to claim GRX during the GRX Token distribution period.
Technically, the Contributor will have to transfer his GRX Tokens to the
GRX Web Wallet on the GOLD REWARD Platform after the Launch of the
GOLDREWARD Project, in order to use his GRX. Contributor hereby
agrees and accepts, that he will not gain access to his GRX, if he does not
download the respective GRX compatible Wallet, loses the password
and/or private key or fails to secure the GRX Wallet from unauthorized
access. In any such case, neither GOLD REWARD, nor any other of the
involved persons will be able to restore the information and the GRX are
ultimately lost.

5. The Contributor understands and accepts, that the GOLDREWARD
Project will create new GRX based on the balance bonus (staking)
schedule as shown above and/or at an initial rate of 2% per year as
determined by prevailing market forces. These rewards will create nominal
inflation of GRX and may therefore lead to a dilution of the overall amount
of GRX.

4.3 GOLDReward Contribution Procedure
4.3.1. Qualification
Any contribution made to GOLD REWARD during the Contribution Period
as described below is qualified as a non-refundable donation.
4.3.2.Contribution Period
1. The official contribution period starts on October 14, 2017 12:00am
UTC and will last for a duration of 45 days or until Contributions
amounting to the Maximum Contribution Amount have been made,
whatever is earlier (“Contribution Period”).
2. Contributions can be made using ether (ETH) or Bitcoins (BTC).
3. The minimal Contribution amount per Contributor will be determined in
GRX at each stage of the Contribution. If a Contributor makes a
contribution of less than the minimum contribution amount, any amount
below the minimum participation amount will be sent back to the original
ETH address.
4. The Contribution Period shall end automatically when the “Maximum
Contribution Amount” has been reached as stated on the Presale and
Crowdsale/ICO pages.

4.3.3. Contribution Software and Contribution Procedure
1. Contributions in ETH or BTC must be made by using third party
Ethereum and Bitcoin wallets (e.g. MyEtherWallet, Imtoken wallet or other
ERC20 compatible wallet) provided by the Contributor and the contribution
software (“Contribution Software”) provided by GOLDReward on
http://goldreward.io after successful registration during the Contribution
Period.
2. For every successfully made Contribution on the contribution software,
GRX Token shall be allocated by the Smart Contract System to the
ERC20 wallet address provided by the Contributor. The number of GRX
Tokens within one GOLDReward wallet represents the quantity of GRX,
GOLDReward shall propose to allocate to this wallet in proportion to the
relevant Contribution and in accordance to the mechanism set forth below.
3. Any ETH or BTC Contribution to GOLDReward without indicating a
compatible ERC20 ETH wallet address will not lead to an allocation of
GRX Tokens and therefore not to a recommendation of GRX as set forth
below (see section D). GOLDReward is aware that Contributors may
attempt to participate via exchangers and other intermediaries. For the
sake of clarity, it has to be stated that GOLDReward neither condone such
practices nor assume any responsibility arising from this relationship.
4. Contributor has to make his/her Contribution to the SCS as described
within the Contribution Software. The information recorded by the SCS
regarding the Contributions, especially source, amount, value and timing,
will be used by the SCS in order to allocate GRX Tokens to the respective
Contributor.
5. During the Contribution Period, the GOLDReward team (everyone
involved with the execution of this Contribution process), may at any time
stop the contribution function for any reason. As long as such contribution
freeze is upheld or if the Contribution Period is aborted, no further

Contribution will be possible. The Contribution Period can be resumed by
the GOLDReward Team, as soon as it decides, according to its own
discretion.

4.4 ICO Referral Bonus
Referral bonus during the ICO refers to GRX allocated to an investor as a
percentage of investments made by persons he/she has introduced to the
GOLDReward Platform. The tokens are credited to the GOLDReward
account of the Sponsor. It is applies only during the ICO/contribution
Period and is different from the direct, indirect and binary earnings that will
apply to the Lending platform.
Referral bonus will be offered during the contribution period according to
the formula below:

5. THE FUTURE WE SEE
We at GOLDReward have dreamt of the future and are taking the steps to
make that dream a reality. We are highly motivated, positive and extremely
optimistic about the future of the GOLDReward platform.
Price Projection calculation of GRX token
At initial state:
Total Circulating GRX supply= 17,500,000 GRX
Average Token Price
= (($0.46 x 4,500,000) + ($0.76 x 4,050,000) + ($0.86 x 3,700,000) + ($0.96 x 3,760,000) )/
17,500,000
= $0.68
Market Capitalization = Average Token Price x Total Circulating GRX supply
= $0.68 x 17,500,000
= $11,900,000
Six month Market Capitalization projection based on analysis of possible GRX token adoption and
lending platform Investment is Approximately $1,000,000,000
Therefore 6 month price projection
= $1,000,000,000 (Market Cap.) / 17,500,000 (Approx. Circulating supply)
= $57
Percentage GRX Token appreciation from $0.68 to $57 = 57 x 100 / 0.68
= 8,380%

Cryptocurrencies backed by lending platforms have the potential to increase
dramatically in price so we won’t be surprise seeing figures much higher than these
conservative projections.

- Thank you!

Copyright 2017
Gold Reward Network
All rights reserved
www.goldreward.io

