GRAVIO
Ecosystem
Is a new communication platform
(c2b, b2b, c2c).
It is able to unite people, smart
things and business.
It will allow all participants (both
virtual and real) to communicate
using natural language.
It will help to work and earn money.

GRAVIO will
able to create
Uniﬁed secure
communication
space

Uniﬁed protected
information ﬁeld /
space

Uniﬁed
semantic
space

Uniﬁed
geoinformation
space

Uniﬁed space for earning and
spending based on the crypto
currency - GRAVIO coin (GIO)

Structurally, within the ecosystem,
three main vectors can be
distinguished
Mobility
concept

Security
concept

Earnings
concept

Technical and functional
aspects of the ecosystem

Technological
and functional
concept

Information
security concept

Architecture

GRAVIO coin (GIO)
Digital currency for the real world

Intergated and
secure payments
withing
ecosystem
Coin details
ICO Information

Every GRAVIO user
has a light wallet
and initial amount
of GIOs for FREE

GIO will be
placed on the
popular
exchanges

Road map

06/2017
Framework
technical draft
12/2016
08/2017
Architectural design
GIO ICO

06/2016
Idea

10/2016
Functional concepts
and features

10/2018
Prototyping
GRAVIO * devices

06/2018
Initial deployment of
GRAVIO Ecosystem v1.0

07/2017
10/2017
04/2018
We are here Start developing
Start PR company
GRAVIO Ecosystem v1.0
04/2017
08/2018
Information security
Start designing
technical draft
GRAVIO * devices
11/2019
Initial deployment of
GRAVIO Ecosystem v2.0

12/2018
Start developing
GRAVIO Ecosystem v2.0
with embedded framework

09/2019
Start PR company

Mobility concept
GRAVIO will accompany the user continuously (in a smartphone, tablet, netbook)
and will serve as a permanent personal assistant. It would help "attract" people,
things, events, interesting proposals of goods/services. In doing this, it will require
minimum conﬁguration eﬀorts from the user.

GRAVIO will have suﬃcient intelligence to become a smart assistant. Based on
simple settings speciﬁed by the user, the assistant will continuously analyze user
actions, track user movements, use user preferences - to help navigate the city, to
interactively "attract" events/services, report about identiﬁed potential security
threats. The assistant will constantly be learning to make its actions and
recommendations more helpful and informative to the user with each new step
forward.
Assistant will help - ﬁnd information, exchange information, prompt the user
sights, events, facts, etc. in line with his/her preferences. Also assistant can help
user in his daily activities - whether private communications or business contacts.
It can help to structure information and keep "on the ﬁngertips" what's happening
in user's areas of interest. If user is a member of several interest groups, the
assistant will help him to share information with peers and work on common
projects. It will help also to get an income by selling his ideas, materials,
knowledge, etc - every type of content, actual for members of diﬀerent gravio
communities.

One of the basic functional concepts of the GRAVIO network is the notion of gravity
(attraction).
Gravity is a function based on:
Preferences (explicitly set)
Gravity points
Geo-positioning
Preference is an essence described by a set of attributes and their values.
Preferences can have temporal, territorial limits and a nominal range of action.
Gravity points is another entity described by a set of attributes and their values.
Gravity points may have time limits and are usually tied to a geographic location
(geographical coordinates determined automatically).

If the user moves, the GRAVIO network will rely, on the one hand, on the speciﬁed
public preferences of the user, its geolocation and radius of relevant "preferences"
and, on the other hand, on the multiple gravity points. By using semantic analysis
elements, GRAVIO will be constantly (discreetly) analyze the compliance of the
attributes and values of preferences and the attributes and values of the points of
attraction within the radius of action of one or another preference. If conditional
compliance is found, GRAVIO network, based on the collected lexical base of the
user, sends the user a p2p message saying that there is something within the
speciﬁed radius that might interest him/her.
For example, the user will create an open "preference" (a simplest example):
Drink = Coﬀee a la Arabic
Radius = 100 m
Moving around the city on his/her business, the user can get a message from a
point of attraction described (created) as in the example below:
Drink = Arabic coﬀee with cardamon
Drink = Espresso
Drink = …
Geographical coordinates = x / y (automatically determined during
In this case, when receiving the message, the user can "communicate" with the
virtual assistant of the place by clarifying, for example, the product range ("Do you
have cheesecakes?").

In the broad sense "attractions" allow/help:
Attract interesting contacts, activities, events
Travel (sights / museums)
Attract oﬀers of services / goods
Work and earn money
For companies and entrepreneurs there arises an opportunity to use open user
preferences (of course not directly) to promote their products and services (both
digital and non-digital) - Direct Digital Marketing.

Security concept
Several outstanding features of GRAVIO will make it a personal
security advisor and oﬃcer.

First, the natural language communication feature helps to use connected devices
and establish communication while user is extremely occupied and in case of
emergency, when the person has no time to switch interface windows or type any
text. GRAVIO will learn appropriate vocabulary and semantics in order to
communicate with the user eﬀectively and provide communications with GRAVIO
devices for home and car, personal assistant of the user’s kid, a.s.o.
For example, a simple question “Where are you ?”, addressed to a kid’s assistant,
will return back his position. The same question may be addressed to the
GRAVIO.car - if the user forgot where he had left the auto.
From the other side, "car" or "home" devices will react to the events that require
user's attention by sending him message with an appropriate picture made by VR
or home security camera if it is needed. Taking care of a child, the assistant would
study his usual routes and, if there is a considerable deviation, it will send an alert
about the unusual location and/or an abnormal route.
Attending an outpatient at his/her home, the assistant will analyze medical sensors
data stream (heart rate, blood pressure, oxygen saturation, etc.) in order to
recognize the emergency in time and send a message to the user immediately. So
the user would have a chance to respond quickly and decide whether to contact the
patient, ask the assistant for additional data or to call an ambulance.

Eventually, GRAVIO will:
Compound an absolutely secure personal area IoT network, including smart
house elements, cars, home medical devices, home security system elements, and
a variety of smart stuﬀ from smartphones and tablets of family members, home
laptops and desktops to new kinds of devices to be developed in the future.
Look after children and grandchildren, help to take care of people with
disabilities and patients undergoing outpatient treatment at home.
Create a uniﬁed family security contour and an alert system to warn about
potential or past incidents.

GRAVIO will make the user's environment comfortable and safe. GRAVIO will reduce
the distance between the user and his/her family and will takes a part of the
worries on.

Earnings concept
Each user in the system will have his own personal account GRAVIO Coin (GIO) Wallet. When registering with the GRAVIO
Ecosystem, the user will receive a number of GIO tokens on his
GRAVIO Wallet.
GIO Wallet will resides on GRAVIO servers. So users will deal with it
through lightweight client app (GRAVIO app). GRAVIO servers and
apps communication and subsequent information storing will be built
on the extremely secure principles (see Information security concept).

In various public groups the user can post digital content and set prices for it
(photos, videos, business intelligence, etc.) User can create a paid group and set
a fee for participation in it (tuition, stock market predictions and many more).
In this case, when publishing a material, the user can add to it some attributes
and values that describe features of the oﬀer. The material added to the proper
public group, will also be gravity point, being a peculiar point without a geotag.

To organize and manage the uploaded content, users can use Content Manager.
Content Manager enables ﬂexible management of various materials that users
share within groups and individually. Content Manager will organize materials by
section and category and link them to the context of discussions in respective
chat rooms. It will also provide a convenient interface to quickly search the
contents of chat and catalogs.
Content Manager will assist in the dissemination of the materials and will provide
a convenient interface to monitor access, including access to paid content.
GRAVIO will take on all the complex monitoring of access to the paid content or
control of participation in relevant paid groups.

Motivation
We strongly believe in open decentralized economy in conjunction with
cryptocurrency community. Also we sure, that the driving force of the every
economy - is the people.
But, as professionals we see and understand how unattainably high the entry
threshold is for the ordinal user into this new bright world. That is why one of the
main goals of the GRAVIO Ecosystem - is to unite people, business and smart
things on the simple and widely understandable principles.
And we sure - together we can do it. We can build very powerful community, that
can change the world.

Coin details
Total tokens ~ 2 000 000 000
Premine = 10% (200 000 000 tokens)
Premine distribution (see also ICO):
Investors = 75% (150 000 000 tokens)
Community growth stimulation (CGS) = 10% (20 000 000)
Bounty campaign = 1.5% (3 000 000)
New GRAVIO users = 8.5% (17 000 000)
Development team motivation and growth (DTM) = 15% (30 000 000)

Investment distribution
Development plan
ICO
Bounty

Coin technical details
Halﬁng
Block reward
New block
Diﬃculty recalculation
Block size
Algorithm
Mining pool:
Block explorer:
Wallet binaries:
Sources:
Code base:

~2 years (1.9 years)
1000 tokens
1 min
1 day
~2 MiB
scrypt / POW
n/a till ICO starts
n/a till ICO starts
n/a till ICO starts
Graviocoin Core v0.1.6.1 - n/a till ICO starts
Litecoin Core v0.13.2.1

Base enhancements (for now)
We added an optional “link” to the resource in the GRAVIO Ecosystem into the
body of transaction (each txout now has a blob, where link is stored). This link
is the information about how to identify resource for which you pay for (in a
simplest sense) in the GRAVIO Ecosystem.
You can see this enhancements in the Linux/Windows/MacOS Graviocoin
Wallet UI.

Future works
We are working on architectural concept, that will allow to “compress” blocks
into “superblock” chain. That technique will can help reduce full
synchronization time to several minutes on 10 GiB full blockchain with
communication channel about 10 MiB/s.

Bounty campaign
We are oﬀering 0.15% of total amount to bounty campaign
(3 000 000 or 1.5% of GIO premine).

Twitter
Follow our oﬃcial page in Twitter. You retweet news marked with #gravioico from our
oﬃcial account within 5 days after their publication and not later, and do not delete them
until the ICO ends. Each retweet will earn you the following amount of points:
20 followers and less - 1 point
From 21 to 99 followers - 10 points
From 100 to 199 followers - 30 points
From 200 to 499 followers - 60 points
From 500 to 999 followers - 120 points
1000 followers and more - 250 points
The account must be at least 1 month old.
NOTE: We count ONLY the posts that are marked with #gravioico by our team. So, if you
add our hashtag to any posts, it will not be counted.
Total amount for this category: 450 000 GIO (15% of campain)
Register here: https://goo.gl/forms/eriKdH4TsOe4BMYr2

Crowdsale
Begin date:
End date:

8/24/2017 12:00 UTC
9/24/2017 12:00 UTC

75% of premine GIO amount
will be sold during ICO
campaign
(150 000 000 coins)
Our goal is ~3000 BTC
Investment distribution
Development plan
Coin details
Bounty
Bitcointalk ANN Thread

Note #1: Please, be patient - all of your transactions will be processed in 2 hours
max.
Note #2: To avoid misunderstanding when you send your money, please, read
carefully "Send money" tutorial.

Facebook
Repost our posts with the #gravioico hashtag. Shares to public pages and open groups
in Facebook are also accepted. All reposts must be public.
Each repost will earn you the following amount of points:
20 followers and less - 1 points
From 21 to 99 followers - 10 points
From 100 to 199 followers - 30 points
From 200 to 499 followers - 60 points
From 500 to 999 followers - 120 points
1000 followers and more - 250 points
The account must be at least 1 month old.
NOTE: We count ONLY the posts that are marked with #gravioico by our team. So, if
you add our hashtag to any posts, it will not be counted.
Register here: https://goo.gl/forms/oT03s80fvDBVPIM12
Total amount for this category: 450 000 GIO (15% of campain)

Bitcointalk avatar and signature
Upload the avatar and write at least 7 constructive posts a week.
Each week completed will earn you the following points:
Legendary/Hero : 20 points
Sr./Full : 15 points
Member: 10 points
Jr. Member: 5 points
Using signatures relevant to your rank on bitcointalk gives you additionally +5 points.
Our GIO ANN main thread.
Restrictions to earn points in this category:
We will ban and will not send GIO coins to spammers and multi accounts
Users who do not post a min of 5 posts per week for 2 consecutive weeks will
be removed
We do not count discussion boards (games and round, micro earnings, politics and
society, oﬀ-topic, archival, posts in "tipster" threads, auctions, lending, beginners and
help, press, investor based games).
Register here: https://goo.gl/forms/gHMyetG0BOBWaYap1
Total amount for this category: 450 000 GIO (15% of campaign)

Bitcointalk translation and thread
moderation
Use this form (https://goo.gl/forms/S7AJIsE92b33tSWr1) to book your
language ANN translation and moderation. Participants list.
You will receive:
50 points for ANN translation,
20 points for our main annotation post translation,
5 points per page in your thread.
Also for the White paper (coming soon) translation you will receive 50 points.
Total amount for this category: 900 000 GIO (30% of campaign)

Write a post in your blog/social
media
Each week completed will earn you the following points:
Legendary/Hero : 20 points
Sr./Full : 15 points
Member: 10 points
Jr. Member: 5 points
Write a post about GRAVIO in any language, with at least 1000 characters and
containing some links to gravio.net. We will estimate each article as standard (10
points), extended (25 points) or “wow” (90 points).
It can be your blog or your social media personal page. Of course, this article should
be available to the Internet. Also, to class your article, we will check the popularity of
your blog and the quality of the content.
Send link, using this form: https://goo.gl/forms/Z4uGABeeY10ZXmWl1
Total amount for this category: 450 000 GIO (15% of campaign)

Make a professional material and
help us to publish it in the media
If you are a media professional (journalist) and you can help us to create an article on
a popular media website or outlet, you are welcome.
We will class each article as standard (10 points), extended (25 points) or
superprofessional (90 points) depending on the media outlet and it’s reach.
Apply, using this form: https://goo.gl/forms/WzrCN7QY6e8UwZEy2
Total amount for this category: 300 000 GIO (10% of campaign)

Bounty distribution
We will distribute 3 000 000 GIO coins in proportion to the amount of points each
bounty campaign participant has earned in each category.
For example, after counting all Twitter retweets, we will make a table where everyone
who reposted will see their personal bounty points earned in the Twitter category.
Since there are 450 000 GIO coins dedicated to the Twitter category, those coins will
be distributed between all members participating the bounty campaign according to
the amount of points they have earned. And so on: for Facebook campaign, BTT avatar
campaign, etc.
To summarize, points earned in each campaign will NOT be pooled together but rather
the coins in each category will be divided in each category separately.
Note: We will collect subtotals by each week on Friday.
Note: Bounty distribution will be done after ICO ends.

Investment distribution

Development plan
Up to 1000 BTC
Basic technology (fully functional mobile and desktop apps, integrated wallets &
secure payments, earn&spend, gravity system)
1 data processing center
Up to 2000 BTC
Basic technology (fully functional mobile and desktop apps, integrated wallets &
secure payments, earn&spend, gravity system, DDM)
Extended technology (basic IoT/CIoT software platform)
2 data processing centers
Up to 3000 BTC
Basic technology (fully functional mobile and desktop apps, integrated wallets &
secure payments, earn&spend, gravity system, DDM, business “places” templates and
business “place” designer)
Extended technology (basic IoT/CIoT software platform, basic hardware platform
GRAVIO.* (HOME, HUB) with some basic exchange protocols support)
Small-scale production of GRAVIO.HOME and GRAVIO.HUB devices
2 support services centers
3 data processing centers
Up to 5000 BTC
Basic technology (fully functional mobile and desktop apps, integrated wallets &
secure payments, earn&spend, gravity system, DDM, business “places” templates and
business “place” designer)
Extended technology (basic IoT/CIoT software platform, basic hardware platform
GRAVIO.* (HOME, HUB))
Full stack technology (full IoT/CIoT integration software platform with modern
(open and proprietary) protocols support, full hardware GRAVIO.* platform with wide
spectrum of physical interfaces support (including GRAVIO.CAR devices))
Medium-scale production of GRAVIO.HOME, GRAVIO.HUB and GRAVIO.CAR devices
3-5 support services centers
5-6 data processing centers
From 6000 BTC and higher
More than 10 data processing centers worldwide
High-scale production of GRAVIO.HOME, GRAVIO.HUB and GRAVIO.CAR devices
Widely distributed support services network with oﬃcial representation

Technological
and functional concept
The backbone of the GRAVIO network will include hardware&software solutions for end users
— GRAVIO.HOME, GRAVIO.CAR, GRAVIO.HUB — and the end user applications for installation on
mobile platforms (smartphones, tablets, netbooks/notebooks) and desktops.
To support the operation of the GRAVIO network infrastructure, it is necessary to deploy a
network (based on dedicated servers) united into a single cloud service. The architecture of
the network implies a fairly high level of decentralization.
To connect smart home things, devices, or medical devices to the GRAVIO network, the
user must purchase GRAVIO.HOME. This is a home assistant that connects to your
home router and arranges for:
Search devices in your home network (eth, Wi-Fi, BlueTooth) and connection to them
An encrypted channel to the GRAVIO cloud (Internet should be available through your
home local area network)
Conﬁguration of data sources (stored locally, stored in the cloud, not stored anywhere
but necessary for generating events)
Conﬁguring events, conditions required to trigger them (based on the connected
devices and the data received from them) and addressees (all recipients must be
members/users of GRAVIO ecosystem)

To connect to the GRAVIO network a car, the user must buy GRAVIO.CAR. This is an
assistant that can be installed in the car and oﬀers the following features:
Connection to the on-board vehicle network (if possible)
Connection of one or several cameras (if possible)
Connection to the alarm system contour (if possible)
The device is equipped with a cellular module for a SIM card with the possibility of
organizing an Internet channel (as is the case with GRAVIO.HOME only encrypted
transport session with optional encryption of content will be used)
Conﬁguration of data sources (stored locally, stored in the cloud, not stored anywhere
but necessary for generating events)
Conﬁguring events, conditions required to trigger them (based on the connected
devices and the data received from them) and addressees (all recipients must be
members/users of GRAVIO)
Wi-Fi Access Point

For each GRAVIO.* device it is necessary to have a special account in the GRAVIO
ecosystem and establish "trust" relations with all accounts included in your personal
network.
All GRAVIO.* devices will be provided with a ﬂexible web interface for basic device
conﬁgutation. Models, stream processing algorithms, stream modelling algorithms
necessary for the operation of the end user device (GRAVIO.*) will be loaded from the
GRAVIO cloud and continually maintained up-to-date automatically.
All GRAVIO.* devices will be able to operate suﬃciently autonomously (in the absence
of a communication channel)- models will be processed; the data will be stored and
processed, and, once the communication channel restores, all necessary things will
be sent to the cloud (as per priorities and in necessary volumes).
Platform for machine learning, latent-semantic and probabilistic latent-semantic
analyzers, voice analyzers and synthesizers will be located in the cloud (network
servers, including those with dedicated server roles). User devices will only be
processing primary model - elements of computer vision (fast pattern recognition),
primary statistical models.

To work in the GRAVIO network, a user only must install the application on his/her
smartphone/tablet and register online.
"Communication" with a home or car assistant will primarily take place in a p2p chat.
Processing of an appeal to the virtual (home/car) assistant will be done in the cloud
and only if necessary the cloud service will interactively tap the "assistant" for
required data (if they are not/should not be in the cloud). In addition to the p2p chat,
the user can make a voice call to his/her "assistant", ask questions and get voice
synthesized responses.
Whether it is a text or voice chat, GRAVIO network will try to identify the meaning of
the question semantically and, if necessary, will generate clarifying questions (request
for speciﬁcation of "unknown" concepts, for example).
GRAVIO will examine the user vocabulary and build semantic associations between
his/her smart things, events, car and, among others, other members of the trusted
network (other users).
Over time, virtual assistants ("users" in the GRAVIO system, and not necessarily tied to
GRAVIO.* devices) could participate in group text and voice chats.

All digital content transmitted (by all users including virtual ones) will be stored in the
GRAVIO cloud with certain restrictions on the total volume (including p2p messages
and group chats). For example, a user in a group voice chat (or p2p voice chat) may at
any time record a call that will be stored in the cloud. The videos transferred from
devices, pictures from the cameras, any objective data obtained received through
GRAVIO.* devices - everything will be stored in the cloud. Moreover, users can
exchange basically any materials (documents in various formats, video and audio
ﬁles, photos and videos, including from smartphones, etc.)

Information
security concept
All the stored and passed content is encrypted, including the one stored on
the user's device. The protocol to serve as the basis for exchange will be
subjected to encryption too. In other words:
The transport session set between the client and the FE (front-end) server is
encrypted with a session key
In the context of the transport session messages will be transmitted whose
contents will be encrypted (for the p2p or group chat) with a unique content
key
Unique content key within the chat (p2p or group) will be available exclusively
to the chat users, but neither the transportation system nor the server system
will not know about it and, consequently, there would be no explicit access to
the content. Moreover, content keys (used in symmetric encryption) will be
encrypted with the public key from the pair that will be generated during user
registration. Thus, the content key can be opened with the private part of the
paired key (this information can be accessed only by the owner of the
account), and information about the account and the paired key will be
encoded in turn with the access key that will be generated each time based on
user data - name and key secret phrase - and will not be stored anywhere.
Access key is required for the absolute level of protection for all user data.
For diﬀerent cognitive technologies to function, it takes access to the user's
correspondence (chats, group chats, speech-to-text data, objective data from
devices), personal data and only with the purpose of allowing machine
learning. In no other cases, will the user data be used. For this, the user must
establish "trusting" relations with the network.
Transport sessions and the content passed within the transport session will
be encrypted.

Content keys will be stored in the user account, encrypted with the public key;
respectively the content key can be decrypted only with the private key. The
pairs, both the open and the closed, will also be stored (it is necessary to
restore the account and use the same account on diﬀerent devices) in the
context of the user account on the BE (back-end) of the system.
Access to the account and the paired key is provided by means of an access
key that will be generated every time, if necessary, based on user name and a
secret key phrase using a stationary hash algorithm (an algorithm
independent of the platform, operating system, or bits) - i.e. the resulting hash
key will always be the same on all user's devices.
The transmitted p2p messages are encrypted with content keys (symmetric
encryption). A content key is formed by the inviting party. To exchange content
keys, a pair of keys is generated a public and a private one. This pair is
generated once when registering the user and pre-saved on the system's
servers, pre-coded with an access key.
A group of users is an entity that is created by one of the users - the owner of
the group - who invites in other participants (candidates for inclusion). If a
participant accepts an invitation, his/her public key is openly passed for
participation in the group. If the same user rejects the invitation, it is excluded
from the list of candidates for inclusion. If the user conﬁrms the participation,
the owner of the group passes the content key to the newly added user,
having encrypted it previously with a new user public key.
When a group is created, its owner enters the group name and generates a
constant content key for that group. The group content key is stored in the
owner's user account, encrypted with the owner's public key. When inviting a
user to the group, the content key is sent (by the group owner) to the
appropriate invited user, encrypted with the user's public key, and a content
key for that group is encrypted and secured in the invited user's account.
Accordingly, to send a message to the group, the user uploads (and caches)
the content key encrypted with his/her public key and decrypts it with the
private key. Next, using the decrypted content key the user encrypts the
message sent to the group context (or a ﬁle).
All the group members, having each on his/her side a proper content key
(which has also been downloaded and decrypted), decrypt the sent message
or ﬁle arriving to their client application.
If you remove a user from the group or if the user leaves the group, the
information about the content key of this group is removed from the user's
account and to regain access the user would need to go through the invitation
procedure.
Group ownership can be transferred to another private person. The owner of
the group can leave the group only after the transfer of ownership. The group
can delete only the owner together with all the data.

Architecture
GRAVIO Ecosystem will be an open source platform, which is
distributed under MIT License.
GRAVIO is based on a network of transport servers-hubs.
Servers are divided into 6 roles:
front-end - communication with user applications and
maintenance of transport sessions
back-end - content storage servers
uds - users discovery server
ums - users management server
cds - content discovery server
seeder - service broker provider
The number of servers for each role will vary depending on the
needs, scaling and redistribution of the load.

The basis for developing servers, micro servers, services, communication layer and
integration layer with various devices - is the Jet.Framework, cross-platform
process-oriented software platform.
Note: For now this is proprietary platform developed by the team members for the
numerous commercial products and projects. And we plan to open signiﬁcant part
of platform code.

Key features of the Jet.Framework
platform essential for the
implementation of the GRAVIO
Ecosystem
Process-oriented core. The basis of server operation - the "processes" described
as directed graphs whose units contains processing elements (JavaScript), and the
arcs between the processing elements are conditional (or absolute) transitions
between them.
Cross-platform nature. Jet.Framework is implemented in ANSI C++ and contains
an abstraction layer that separates the platform from the operating system. The
"processes" will work the same on diﬀerent servers running diﬀerent operating
systems.
Response time. Platform contains mechanisms to measure the execution time of a
unit and schedule execution of the next process or a process step (unit).
Conﬁgurability. The server is a set of developed modules that include: a set of
"processes", a set of libraries (.js), a description of document maps, descriptions of
data sources and their formats, a description of the queues of interaction a
description of built-in storages (XmlDb, Db, TimeseriesDb), a description of the
distributed repositories and shared repositories. Conﬁguration modiﬁcation can be
done without stopping the server itself, unless the binary code of the
Jet.Framework platform changes.
Performance. Jet.Framework platform focuses on the development of solutions
that operate, among other things, in a mode close to real time. When the server
runs, the required number of JavaScript machines with jit’ing is used. At the same
time, to maximize the performance, some of the functions can be implemented in
C++ and connected to server API to be used in writing the "processes".
Integrability. The platform contains a specialized API and the corresponding SDK
needed to create adapters to various systems and data sources.
Role structure. When describing the server conﬁguration, one can assign one or
more performed roles. The role deﬁnes which modules should function on a
particular server.

Scalability. The platform contains mechanisms to create a self-balancing network
of servers with an assigned role structure. The servers in the self-balancing
network exchange information about the resources they utilize.
Event-driven processing. The platform allows building a processing schema
focusing on: 1. Generation of events according to a combination of factors (the
result of the "process") and 2. Reception and processing of the resulting/incoming
events (run a suitable "process").
Basic system of statistical and probabilistic statistical modelling in real time.
Analysis of aggregate trends in the behavior of digital parameters (approximation,
deﬁning conformance with pre-set parameters), forecast of the behavior of the
aggregate parameters in the nearest discrete time (5 seconds, 10, 20 ...), based on
actual data and revealed analytic curves.
Security. The opportunity to use session encryption and content encryption when
transferring information between the servers and services of the system. The
ability to encrypt the stored data.
Network exchange. Network Exchange Subsystem allows ﬁne-tuning (at
conﬁguration levee) both message and query routing and the type and
characteristics of the transport used. This technology can be used for both intraserver exchange and for sharing between network servers (including the end user
application). It can be operated in narrow and unstable communication channels.

