Smart
investors
don’t risk it,
they hedge it.
WHITE PAPER

Hedge Project is developing the ideal crypto
platform that will enable its users Crypto
Traded Indices™ and derivatives trading.
Now you can easily get exposure to the
crypto markets with professionally designed
crypto indices that use oﬃcial rule-books.
Manage your risks with derivatives
and hedge your exposure to the volatile
crypto markets.
Hedge Platform will oﬀer users to trade
indices, the basket of cryptocurrencies or
single derivatives. Buy (or short) the market
with a single click.

CONTENT
4

HEDGE PROJECT
SUMMARY

20

HEDGE PROJECT
REVENUE STREAMS

6

EXECUTIVE TEAM

21

WHY SUPPORT HEDGE PROJECT

8
8
10

MARKET INSIGHT
CRYPTOCURRENCIES
INITIAL COIN OFFERINGS – ICO

22

HOW TO PARTICIPATE?

25

ROADMAP

11

26

HEDGE PROJECT FUNDING
MILESTONES

11
12

HEDGE PROJECT
– PRODUCTS
WHAT IS INDEX
INDEX RULE BOOK

27

LONG TERM OUTLOOK

12

CRYPTO INDICES

28

LEGAL DISCLAIMER

12

WHY ARE HEDGE INDICES BETTER THAN
OTHER INDICES?

13

BITCOIN PRICE INDEX - BTCCX

13

CRYPTOCURRENCY TOP 30 INDEX – CCX30

14

NEXT CRYPTO INDICES
IN DEVELOPMENT

14

CRYPTO ASSET INDEX

14

CRYPTO INCOME INDEX

14

CRYPTO (SPECIFIC COUNTRY) INDICES

15

CTI – CRYPTO TRADED INDEX

16

WHY IS PURCHASING OF CTIS BETTER
THAN INDIVIDUAL ASSET PICKING?

18

HEDGE PROJECT INDEX
INSTRUMENTS

19

HEDGE PROJECT PLATFORM

HEDGE PROJECT SUMMARY
The rapid expansion of crypto space and the continuously increasing inﬂux
of institutional money into the market have created the need for the introduction of indices tracking this market and investment options allowing easy
diversiﬁcation and introduction of derivatives allowing investors to hedge
their exposure to the crypto market. Evolution of entirely new asset class
is indeed bringing many possibilities but also many threats to investors.
Diversiﬁcation and hedging are key concepts in ﬁnance that every
investor should be aware of and take into account when either investing
for long term or day trading.
The mitigation of risk is what determines success or failure, even
more so, in the crypto space.
We have recognized an enormous market opportunity in developing
a platform that is based on a professionally designed, rule book basedcrypto indices. Hedge Project presents ﬁrst commercial crypto indices
with oﬃcial rulebooks modeled on best principles in index construction
and governance. We have successfully launched – the CCX30 (Crypto
Currencies Top 30 Index). Our product oﬀering will expand to meet
the demands of the crypto community. Following on from the introductions
of our indices, various complimentary ﬁnancial instruments will be the
ﬁrst on the crypto market - Crypto Traded Indices (CTIs).

PLATFORM
Hedge Project
development is
focused on introducing
the platform that will
enable anyone access
to professionally
developed crypto
indices and diversiﬁcation of investments.

Hedgers

Investors

Day traders

Institutions

4

The Crypto markets exhibit three glaring issues which Hedge Project
is addressing:

No universally-accepted Crypto Index - accessible
on one platform

CONTACTS
COMMUNICATIONS

MEETINGS

MATTERS

EVENTS

CREDENTIALS

PROPOSAL BUILDER
RELATIONSHIPS

No widely accepted Crypto index represents Crypto
currencies or assets as an asset class. Hedge Project
is creating professionally designed and maintained indices,
to serve as a benchmark for Crypto ﬁnancial instruments.
This will enable investors and traders to gain Crypto
market exposure. A secure, real-time platform, where the
market is at your ﬁngertips and investors have the ability
to tame volatility and ineﬃciency of Crypto markets.

Diversiﬁcation is expensive
By introducing various CTIs, we will give investors
a possibility to inexpensively and easily diversify their
investments throughout the market, avoid high trading,
management, and other fees, and oﬀer single access
point eliminating the need to maintain trading accounts
on several exchanges.
Systematic hedging is impossible
By adding derivatives and allowing investors to short
certain CTIs, with Hedge Project platform we are bringing
together the bulls and the bears in the market eﬀectively
and eﬃciently. Investors will be able to shift and manage
risk in many ways, combining positions as they see ﬁt,
and hedge their position on our platform.

5

Executive Team
Name / role

Savo Lovšin
Hedge Project Manager

Giovanni Lesna
Product development

Janez Benedik
Investment analyst

Kristjan Dekleva
Investment analyst

Luka Gubo
Advisor

Gašper Štih
Brand manager

Jure Grabnar
Developer

Experience

Having worked for one of the largest market-making, arbitrage trading
companies and as Head of Financial Advisory at one of the Big4 companies,
Savo has broad experience in markets, trading, arbitrage strategies and
ﬁnancial modelling. Currently he is dedicated full-time to bring Hedge
Project to the market.
A ﬁnancial product specialist in mutual funds. Business consultant
with the trading platform, banking risk, and ﬁn tech experience.
Finance specialist and investment analyst with an international
experience in the insurance industry - Inv. management, Inv. operations,
and Inv. accounting.
Finance specialist and investment analyst with an international experience
in the insurance industry - Inv. management, Inv. operations, and Inv.
accounting.
Master of Finance, focused on private equity, corporate ﬁnance and asset
management. With work in academic research, and experience in ﬁnancial
services industry, as well as diversiﬁed studies, Kristjan is able to see
challenges at diﬀerent angles. Currently he is pursuing the Chartered
Financial Analyst designation.
A Senior Quantitative Analyst developing quantitative models and implementing them into the investment process, managing FT Quant,
a quantitative global fund fully regulated in EU and developing risk
management models.
Community manager with a keen focus on setting and implementing social
media and communication campaigns to align with marketing strategies.
A highly skilled developer, with several years of experience in software
engineering, design and development of data processing algorithms used
in trade systems.

6

Name / role

Matej Zrimšek
Developer

Klemen Gantar
Developer

Matic Nedog
Legal

Primoz Novak
Legal

Experience

A Project developer with several years of experience in problem solving
and development of full stack applications.
A Project developer with many years of experiences in his ﬁeld with
a skillful approach to problem-solving and development of full stack
applications.
LLM, lawyer specialized in business law, corporate law, insolvency law,
competiion law in modern business models especially on digital platforms
with advanced game-theory and comparative analysis. Currently focusing
on securities law in relation to cryptocurrencies
LLM, lawyer specialized in corporate law, M&A's, bankruptcy law, civil law,
EU law. Currently focusing on international law in relation to cryptocurrencies regarding AML requirements and tax optimization.

"We aim to expand our team in order
to get additional manpower to deliver
our road map on time, and exceed
our supporters' expectations."

7

MARKET INSIGHT
At the time of writing there are over 1000 various crypto currencies
and assets, with the combined market capitalization of over USD 180 bn.
The birth of an entirely new asset class, along with its possibilities for
technological disruption, has created a market boom never seen before.
Since the beginning of the systematic tracking of the crypto market
in April 2013, the total value of all legacy and newly introduced currencies
and assets have grown 85-times, with almost 8-fold growth year-to-date.
What started as a completely new monetary concept has grown over every
prediction, with legislation trying to play catch up with the market,
and institutional investors recognising the wider potential the blockchain
technology brings, with its unlimited use-cases from land registry (Propy)
to identity veriﬁcation (Civic) to a means of payment (Ripple).

Cryptocurrencies
Cryptocurrencies are basically a new form of money. They are based
on blockchain technology, which is distributed across a network of nodes,
which veriﬁes the integrity of the whole system by using a consensus
mechanism. Cryptocurrencies are truly decentralised without the supervision of any central authority, making them superior to transact between
unknown parties (they are called to be trust-less - as the system conﬁrms
the validity of transactions there is no need to know the identity of the
counterparty as you can be sure that you will receive the funds if the transaction is valid). Cryptocurrencies are robust to systemic risk which makes
them a preferred medium of exchange on the internet. As their supply
is determined by a mathematical function, monetary policy of the currency
is well known in advance, which leads to monetary discipline. There are
no risks of hyperinﬂation due to unrestrained central bank issuing of excess
money supply or unrestricted government’s spending the money that it
does not have, i.e., lack of ﬁscal discipline; because of this, cryptocurrencies
are increasingly becoming seen as a store of value that has gold standard
features. Coins are used as a means of payment. The underlying mechanism’s sole purpose is to exchange one currency for another currency
or an asset. Tokens have utility usage, which is usually to access a product
or service or is used only within a created ecosystem. Tokens have value
because of their underlying right to enjoy the use and advantages of
another are property and are also tradable on exchanges or peer-to-peer
transactions.

8

Even though the correlations between the cryptocurrencies used to be very
high, investors are starting to diﬀerentiate between the assets, lowering
the overall systematic risk (i.e., market risk) and trying to diversify their
crypto portfolios as eﬃciently as possible. The ‘heavy weight’ and crypto
market dominance of Bitcoin can be identiﬁed as a potential risk. Therefore,
investing in well positioned but smaller cryptocurrencies is an opportunity
to diversify the risk of too much exposure to large cryptocurrencies.
Nevertheless, most of the cryptocurrencies – with the exception of Bitcoin
and perhaps Ethereum – are still unknown to the general public and average
investor. Bitcoin is still the largest cryptocurrency by far, but with a market
capitalization of approximately USD 69 bn (as at 24 August 2017), amounts
to slightly less than 50 per cent of the total market capitalization of all
cryptocurrencies. Investing only in Bitcoin does not provide an investor with
a true exposure to cryptocurrencies as an asset class and is not most
favorable from a risk perspective. The inclusion of the top ten cryptocurrencies, with total market capitalization of approximately USD 127 bn (as at
24 August 2017) and representing almost 88% of total market capitalization, would be the bare minimum, required to obtain diversiﬁed exposure
to cryptocurrencies and a high risk adjusted return on investment. CCX30,
index on cryptocurrencies introduced by Hedge Project, includes top 30
cryptocurrencies and represents almost 94% of crypto market.

30 Largest Cryptocurrenies as of August 24 (USD millions)

TenX
Lisk
BitShares
Tether
Steem
Bytecoin
Iconomi
Augur
Golem
Binance Coin
Stellar Lumens
Factom

381
373
361
320
296
273
254
244
238
236
234
223

Source: coinmarketcap.com

9

Initial coin oﬀerings – ICO
The year 2016 followed by 2017, has witnessed a surge in various start-ups
raised over USD 1.3 bn through initial coin oﬀerings (“ICO”). The lack
of transparency in some projects, limited regulatory oversight and investor
protection, and limited investor due diligence have created an environment,
where some valuations are fuelled by the fear-of-missing-out (“FOMO
Economics”) rather than careful consideration of the project’s merits
and market potential, i.e., due diligence. An argument could be made
that the concept of an ICO is displacing traditional crowdfunding
and venture capital investments.
The ICO market seems to be maturing, with projects shifting from pure
technology initiatives to ﬁnance, gambling and social content, also
providing more diversiﬁcation beneﬁts in the venture capital market.
Projects related to ﬁnancial industry are becoming increasingly funded
by ICOs; this segment was by far the largest segment in 2016 and
represents one-quarter of the market in 2017, with more than
USD 300m raised to date.

Source:
Autonomous
Research,
(2017),
#Token Mania,
New York City,
NY, Autonomous
Research LLP

ICOs by Category ($ millions)
26

14

222
16.8
5.5
4.11

7.5

1,266
147.3
77.9

5.3

Top 2017 ICOs by Category ($ millions)
Tezos
EOS.IO
BANCOR
Status
TenX
MobileGo
SONM

194.2

Basic Attention Token
Civic
Storj
Polybius

0.5

133.6

Aragon
Eternity

166.0
101.9

OpenANX
Cosmos Network

18.9

Qtum

6.2

Giga Watt
Mysterium Network
513.1

Nimiq
TokenCard
Dao.Casino
Gnosis

8.6
1.8

2014

2015

IEX.EC

16.6
2.4

36.5

2016

2017 YTD

ABTcoin
Blockchain Capital Fund III

10

HEDGE PROJECT – PRODUCTS
What is index
An Index measures the cumulative performance of individual market
(or segment of the market) it is a type of ﬁnancial benchmark. To measure
this performance, we need some method to do so. One way is to take every
stock on the market and calculate the average return of the market by
taking an average of all individual stock returns. However, this method has
its ﬂaws. Using an equal-weighting method will show us how an average
stock in the market has done, but that does not represent the market well.
An index’ indicator typically refers to a statistical measure of change
in a securities market. In the case of ﬁnancial markets, stock and bond
market indices consist of a hypothetical portfolio of securities representing
a particular market or a segment of it (you cannot invest directly in it).
As the crypto market develops, there will be a rising demand
for indices such as S&P 500 for US equity market and Hedge Project
already publishes them!
However, there is a slight problem with calculating indices on crypto
markets. The law of one price does not hold on crypto markets due
to illiquidity and imperfect markets and information. If a company’s stock
trades on multiple exchanges the price of that stock should be the same
on both exchanges - if it is not, traders would buy the stock on the exchange
where it is cheaper and sell it on the exchange, eﬀectively arbitraging
the diﬀerence away. Currently, the prices of most cryptocurrencies can
vary signiﬁcantly from exchange to exchange. Some frictions make it hard
for arbitrageurs to remove the ineﬃciency from the market and will,
therefore, take some time before the law of one price holds in the crypto
markets.
In the meantime, there will be even stronger demand for professionallybuilt and maintained, crypto indices. We at Hedge Token are bringing
to market, professionally designed and maintained indices that will enable
you to get inexpensive exposure to the crypto markets - either on the long
side or short, with or without leverage. All of this will be accessible at your
ﬁngertips, on one platform, where the volatility and ineﬃciency of the
crypto markets can be managed.

11

Index Rule Book
The rulebook is an oﬃcial document where methodology and other important information about the index are written. These include index name
and description, index type and its governance, who determines the assets
to be included and who calculates it, what assets are included and most
importantly how exactly is it calculated.
Our indices will all have oﬃcial rule books which will make them interesting
not only as a transparent way to invest (via Crypto Traded Indices) but also
for ﬁnancial data providers who are used to rigorous and transparent index
calculations.
Crypto Indices
We have developed a comprehensive index suite, with a detailed rulebook,
set rebalancing process and wider institutional applicability. First indices
have already been launched and in next couple of months additional will
follow. Our goal is to serve as a primer tracking tool for market developments in the crypto world. S&P 500, the world’s most popular index, serves
as a benchmark for almost USD 8 trillion of monetary instruments.
Our index suite is well positioned for similar use in the crypto space.
Why are Hedge Indices better than other indices?
Indexing involves the creation of a professional rules-based approach
in order to achieve the index objective. This enforces not only transparency
of the construction of the index, the weightings, capping methodology,
index mathematics, time periods and the sectors but also familiarises investors with a benchmark they can relate to and trust as a reliable barometer
for crypto market performance and as a benchmark to compare other
alternative and traditional ‘equity’ ﬁnancial investments to. Indices that
have no rules-based approach run the risk of mismanagement, ineﬃcient
allocation of funds and erratic portfolio constructions. Investors want
to know from the start, what they are buying into. Investors also have
an investment strategy that they use Indices and Exchange Traded Funds
for, i.e., creating and managing, long and short exposures to the crypto
market. If the index does not follow an objective, unbiased approach,
the ﬂuctuation in the Index will have dire consequences for the risk management the investors or speculator expects from a real-time, ﬁnancial instrument. In short, investors expect an unbiased, consistent, rules bound Index
which they know is reliable, complete and accurate. Any non-rules bound
index has no value in risk mitigation and market exposure.
12

Bitcoin Price Index - BTCCX
Bitcoin is being traded on various exchanges, and the price can diﬀer
signiﬁcantly. Bitcoin Price Index will be the ﬁrst commercial implementation
of a single reference price of several Bitcoin exchanges.
To be launched within next weeks, Bitcoin Price Index measures the movement of bitcoin prices. With a transparent rulebook, our objective is that
the index will become the main reference point for traders, institutions
and the wider public.
METHODOLOGY

Volume-weighted price of bitcoin on ﬁve most liquid exchanges.

CALCULATION
FREQUENCY

Minute

CALCULATION
CURRENCY

USD

LAUNCH DATE

Mid-September

TICKERS

BTCCX

Cryptocurrency Top 30 Index – CCX30
Cryptocurrency Top 30 Index follows the developments of the wider crypto
market, tracking the prices of 30 largest cryptocurrencies by market capitalization. It represents 93.6% of total market capitalization (Aug 15, 2017).
Since very few cryptocurrencies are available on a single exchange and have
a single reference price, we have designed the CCX30 as a secondary index,
composed of primary single-currency indices constructed analogously
to Bitcoin Price Index.
METHODOLOGY
CONSTITUENTS

Market capitalization-weighted original price indices of 30 largest
cryptocurrencies by market capitalization, capped at 20%.
30

CALCULATION
FREQUENCY

Minute

CALCULATION
CURRENCY

USD

LAUNCH DATE

Mid-September

TICKERS

CCX30

13

NEXT CRYPTO INDICES IN DEVELOPMENT
Crypto Asset Index
Launch date: Q1 2018

An index following crypto assets with real-world utility other than solely
being a currency. Recent ICOs of various tokens with non-monetary purpose
represent an opportunity to track the venture developments of the rapid
growth in blockchain technology.
Similar to Cryptocurrencies Top 30 Index, for assets that trade on several
exchanges, a primary reference index (analogous to Bitcoin Price Index
is constructed), which then enters the Crypto Asset Index calculation.
This index will be the ﬁrst in the world to measure the performance
of utility tokens on crypto markets.
Crypto Income Index
Launch date: Q2 2018

Some cryptocurrencies, coins, and tokens oﬀer their holders some proﬁt
sharing. This index will track the performance of currencies/coins/tokens
that have the highest income compared to its value. You can imagine these
as high dividend paying stocks on the “mainstream” ﬁnancial markets.
Crypto (Speciﬁc Sector) Indices
Launch date: Q2-Q3 2018

Blockchain technology has enabled a rapid development of diﬀerent
projects and blockchain applications that can be put into several sectors.
We are building sector-speciﬁc indices that will track the performance
of many tokens from the same sector.
Some of the indices that we are developing:
- Crypto Financial Index

- Crypto IoT Index (Internet-of-things)

- Crypto Media & Social Index

- Crypto Cloud Index

- Crypto Gaming & Gambling Index

- Crypto Core Tech Index

Crypto (Speciﬁc Country) Indices
Launch date: Q3-Q4 2018

We will measure the performance of crypto assets and currencies in speciﬁc
countries that have become the so called ˝Silicon Valley˝ for blockchain
technology. With this index, we will oﬀer a relevant comparison of global
crypto markets.

14

CTI – CRYPTO TRADED INDEX
CTI (Crypto Traded Indices™) are comprised of various combinations
of digital assets. CTI is a diversiﬁed collection of cryptocurrencies and
cryptoassets that trades on an exchange. Each CTI includes diﬀerent assortment of speciﬁc digital assets and oﬀer them to the community of supporters. CTIs are an easy-to-use, low cost, and eﬃcient way to acquire cryptocurrencies in the desired assortment of underlying assets. Increasing the
number of individual cryptocurrencies and assets increases costs of diversiﬁcation. In the past 25 years minimizing costs of diversiﬁcation in the “traditional” asset classes have been made possible through the use of exchange
traded funds (ETFs). We plan to change the cryptocurrency industry
landscape by introducing CTIs.
How the ETFs changed the asset management industry
With the ﬁrst ETF created only in 1993 and nowadays total assets managed
by ETFs reaching USD 4 trillion in April 2017, we can conclude the industry
has successfully addressed challenges investors were facing constructing
diversiﬁed portfolios. With the industry still growing 20-25% annually, there
are expectations the market to double by 2020. ETFs were primarily focused
on equities, and these still represent roughly 70% of all US-listed ETFs,
but one can ﬁnd ETFs focused on ﬁxed income, alternative investments,
commodities, and currencies.

15

Why is purchasing of CTIs better than individual asset picking?
Key advantages and risks mitigated with CTIs:
Market exposure and diversiﬁcation; CTIs allow quickly
gaining diversiﬁed portfolio exposure. This is of key importance in the case of cryptocurrencies where even in the
top 30 cryptocurrencies by market capitalization there
are currencies with low liquidity leading to high transaction costs.
Trading ﬂexibility; CTIs can be bought or sold anytime,
they are being priced continuously, and investors can
easily invest or divest selected asset class within seconds.
Low costs; Trade will be enabled with low management
fee, with investing in CTIs instead of many diﬀerent
securities individually, costs will be much lower - large
diversiﬁcation beneﬁts with low management fees.
Single access point; As cryptocurrencies are being traded
on numerous exchanges obtaining exposure to larger
number of cryptocurrencies can imply opening accounts
at various exchanges thus leading to even higher diversiﬁcation costs (similar to building a diversiﬁed international
portfolio of individual equities). CTIs available through
Hedge Platform imply lower costs and opening of one
account only.
Operation transparency; CTIs will be managed in line with
predetermined rules or even replicating the chosen index.
Hence, investors know what assets the CTIs includes.

16

Security; Gaining exposure to diversiﬁed cryptocurrency
portfolio might require opening a trading account with
various exchanges on which cryptocurrencies are being
listed. Since this market is still highly unregulated,
there are still some exchanges that can be considered
less trustworthy and some form of due diligence
is expected from a prudent investor. With CTIs being
traded on the regulated platform this is no longer necessary.
Instruments; CTIs will oﬀer options and future contracts
listed which allow the investor to hedge their exposure
and eﬃciently manage risks. Diﬀerent derivatives will be
used based on our CTIs directly on our Hedge Platform
and maybe even on other “old ﬁnancial world” exchanges.

For all the factors listed above, we can expect the CTIs to become an
important player also in the cryptocurrencies market. Currently, ETF market
holds approximately 6-8% of US equities and using this as a benchmark
we can approximate the CTI market in cryptocurrencies at around USD
11 bn. Adding aforementioned speciﬁc risks and also increased the popularity of ETFs, in general, this estimate is probably on the conservative side.
Given the trends and popularity of both, cryptocurrencies and ETFs,
we can expect the introduction of CTIs will be keenly welcomed by investors, and most likely the ﬁrst CTIs will be the ones achieving the largest
market shares.

Global equity market
USD 50.020 tn
Global ETF assets
USD 4.002 tn.

Crypto market USD 159 bn
Market potential
for passive investment
vehicles USD 11 bn.

Global equity market

Crypto market

Global
ETF assets

CTIs
potential

17

Hedge Project Index Instruments
As the total market capitalization of cryptocurrencies quickly approaching
USD 180 bn, we consider the market large and mature enough to oﬀer
various index-based instruments.
Crypto indices that we have already launched and other that are still being
developed will serve as a base for the introduction of CTIs and in the future
also derivative instruments subject to market conditions and regulative
environment.
CTIs based on crypto indices developed by Hedge Project
Based on the indices developed we will introduce index-tracking CTIs.
These CTIs will allow investors to gain diversiﬁed exposure either to wider
cryptocurrencies market (CTI on CCX30 index) or just to one segment
of the market (such as CTI on Crypto Asset Index).
As mentioned beforehand, we believe that market for Crypto Traded Indices
on cryptocurrencies has enormous potential and the management fees
on issued CTIs should be one of the key revenues for Hedge Project.
For the most liquid CTIs, we will also plan for introducing the possibility
for investors to take a short position using a margin account.
Instruments based on crypto indices developed by Hedge Project
Following the introduction of CTIs, we plan to introduce instruments on
most widely accepted indices. We aim to launch the futures contracts
trading followed by the introduction of options market on
selected, most popular CTIs.
With the introduction of instruments on cryptocurrencies market, we would
ﬁnally allow investors to construct and/or hedge their cryptocurrencies
portfolios in any way desired, before introducing any instruments we will
assure full compliance with the required regulative.

18

Hedge Project Platform

Hedge Project is focused on introducing a platform that will be the “go-to”
market place for investors interested in crypto markets. Platform will oﬀer
access to professionally designed indices on crypto assets and currencies,
traded baskets of cryptocurrencies and other relevant crypto market
information, such as market research, valuation reports, etc.
Hedge Project will also act as a settlement agent should one of the
counterparties default (an assurance to the investors). Instruments
will be marked-to-market, with automatic margin calls and liquidation.
Rigorous risk management and KYC procedures will further minimize
the counterparty risk.
To access our platform, you will need Hedge Token (HDG) to pay the
platform and transaction fees and management fees in case of CTIs.
Hedge Platform will periodically lock part of the hedge tokens received
via fees, to manage the supply of the tokens on the market. Locked tokens
are allowed to be burned on semi-annually basis. We aim to burn 20%
of HDG recived in net fees.
Our ultimate goal is for mass adoption of a secure platform, allowing
investors to diversify and hedge their portfolio of cryptocurrencies.

19

HEDGE PROJECT REVENUE STREAMS
HDG will serve as an utility token for transactions on the platform.
Use or listing of instruments will be conditioned by the purchase of tokens.
Hedge Project will with our diverse product portfolio, collect revenue from
multiple streams. These include, but are not limited to (subject to change):
- Licensing the index suite to ﬁnancial information providers
- CTI fees
- Instruments platform trading fees

Index licensing fees
Subject to agreements we make with ﬁnancial information providers
and are negotiated on an individual basis.
CTI fees
- Management fee: % of assets under management, percentage rate to be determined,
will be determined based on the complexity of CTI.
- Other fees (trading and other direct fees etc.): actual cost to be charged.

Total Expense Ratio: % of assets under management will be calculated
based on all the fees that platform user pays on an annual basis.
Platform trading fees
Trading fees: % per trade, with minimum and maximum cap and direct
costs to be borne by platform users.

20

WHY SUPPORT HEDGE PROJECT
Crypto world has experienced signiﬁcant growth in the last few years
and is starting to be considered as a serious contender to traditional asset
classes. We believe the market to be large and mature enough for an
introduction of indexed and derivative instruments. These will enable
market participants to gain long exposure to the broader market for
a better price and to hedge their long portfolios eﬃciently and eﬀectively
with derivatives.
Being one of the ﬁrst to recognize the need and the market interest,
we have no doubt we can channel signiﬁcant liquidity through our platform
and contribute to the overall eﬃciency of the crypto markets.
Introducing ﬁrst CTIs and creating a single access point to a diversiﬁed
portfolio of cryptocurrencies; we aim to replicate success ETFs had
in other asset classes.
Help us achieve this goal, and we will help you secure your long-term
ﬁnancial success in the market.

21

How to Participate?
TOKEN SALE
September 15th 2017 (12:00 CET) – October 15th 2017 (12:00 CET)
or until the maximum cap is reached.
ACCEPTED CRYPTOCURRENCIES
ETH
TRANSACTION OF CRYPTOCURRENCIES
ETH can be sent to the address that will be published on the Hedge Project
website (www.hedge-crypto.com) before the start of the token-sale.
BONUS SCHEDULE
The bonus will be allocated in the form of additional tokens.

15%

12%

10%

9%

Day 1

Day 2

Day 3

Day 4

8%

7%

6%

Day 5

Day 6

Day 7

5%

4%

Day 8

Day 9

3%
Day 10

22

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION

Token sale

LOCKUP ON THE TEAM SHARE
Tokens belonging to the team (20%) will be locked up for six months.
TOKEN NAME:
HDG
WHAT DOES IT REPRESENT FOR A SUPPORTER?
HDG token grants you access and payment of transaction fees on our
platform. However, HDG token does not give a supporter any share or
equity in any of Hedge Project legal entities.
TOTAL SUPPLY:
50,000,000
No additional Hedge Project tokens (HDG) will ever be created.

23

DISTRIBUTION IN THE TOKEN SALE:
30,000,000
HARD CAP
For optimal performance and maximization of fund’s returns for all supporters, crowdsale is capped and available to a limited number of participants
on a ﬁrst come – ﬁrst serve basis.
Token sale will ﬁnish on 15th of October or at the point where the total
raised amount will reach the nominal value of USD 15.0 million. After
reaching hard cap, no further funds will be accepted.
SALE MINIMUM
Sale minimum is set to the nominal value of USD 1.5 million. If ﬂoor
will not be reached, the funds in full amount and it the same currency
will be returned to the supporters after the end of the crowdsale.
ALLOCATION OF THE FUNDS
General & administrative

10

Tech Development

35

Product Management

15

User Interface

10

Platform Marketing

10

Legal & Licensing

8

CTI Operations

5

Research & Development

5

Data Vendor Partnerships

2

24

2017

July
Market database
establishment
Optimal indices
research

ROADMAP
August
Open invitation for
community members
Crowdsale registration
option

September
Token sale start
First crypto index
rule book
Crypto indices launch

October
Hedge token
distribution
Incorporation
Business structure

November
Closed beta testing
of the platform
Data feed to financial
data providers

January
All our activities will
be subject to regular
audit from one of
the big four audit
companies

February
Development of
Crypto Traded Indices
(CTIs)
Demo testing of
trading with CTIs

April
Open beta testing
of Hedge Platform

June
Live trading
with CTIs
Development of
derivative instruments
2018

25

HEDGE PROJECT FUNDING MILESTONES
USD 1.5 million
Hedge Platform will be developed and full suite of indices will be
constructed and published. CTI on CCX30 will be launched, launch
of CTIs on other indices will probably be delayed. Launch of other
index instruments will be uncertain.
USD 3.0 million
In addition to products developed under reaching USD 1.5 million
threshold, we would be launching full set of CTIs on crypto indices
constructed. CTI on CCX30 would still be launched ﬁrst to test
the market. Ability to take short positions in certain CTIs would
be added.
USD 6.0 million
In addition to products developed under reaching USD 3.0 million
threshold, after launching CTIs, we will be launching futures
on major (most widely used) indices.
USD 10.0 million
In addition to products developed under reaching USD 6.0 million
threshold, we will be adding option trading to Hedge Platform.
USD 15.0 million
In addition to products developed under reaching USD 10.0
million threshold, we will invest into establishing the ﬁrst crypto
ETF based on our index. Investors from the “old ﬁnancial world”
would be able to invest directly to crypto markets from their
existing brokerage account via the crypto ETF.
Please note, the product development is subject to market
and regulatory conditions.

26

LONG TERM OUTLOOK
As cryptocurrency markets become more eﬃcient, developed and larger
in both size and volume, there will be more interest from institutional
investors to invest into crypto markets. Due to regulatory constraints, they
are prohibited from investing directly in cryptocurrencies. Since there are
no clearing houses in crypto markets (blockchain takes care of clearing and
settlement, and does so way faster than any clearing house or investment
bank) and non-existent regulation, institutional investors are not allowed
to invest directly in the crypto market.
What they can invest into are ETFs that trade on “old ﬁnancial world”
exchanges. We see a huge opportunity in creating the ﬁrst fully regulated
crypto ETF that will be traded on one of the major stock exchanges.
This will enable millions of investors who currently invest only in stocks,
bonds, and traditional ETFs to invest in crypto markets with our crypto ETF.

27

LEGAL DISCLAIMER
This document is merely a presentation of our project and is not legally binding
in any way or form.
This document does not constitute any legal relationship with any user or supporter
of Hedge Project, regardless of user registration on Hedge-crypto website
(www.hedge-crypto.com).
Detailed terms for participation of users on Hedge Project project are determined
in separate document “Terms & conditions of Hedge Project.”
The content and images of this paper is protected by copyright. Any unauthorised
use, public distribution, reproduction, alteration and/or transmission in any form
or by any means, without the prior written permission of the Hedge Project,
except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other
non-commercial uses permitted by copyright law.
Research ﬁndings and developed economic projections in this paper are result
of comprehensive and in-depth analysis of relevant economic factors of the Hedge
Project team. Notwithstanding the stated, the Hedge Project is not liable
for any possible deviations from developed projections in this paper on crypto
currency markets. Hedge Project is not responsible for any possible damages,
arising from misinterpretation or poor interpretation of this paper. The main goal
of Hedge Project is to develop a digital technology to allow users to comprehend
and overcome ineﬃciencies on crypto currency markets. Products to be developed
by Hedge Project and are presented in this paper are still subject to regulatory
approvals. Hedge Project team cannot guarantee that these approvals will be
obtained.
This paper does not in any way or form represent investment consulting.

28

