2017
This version of the HireMatch whitepaper is released as a
working draft - with the purpose of introducing the idea and
receiving feedback from the blockchain community. If you want
to contribute by leaving your comment or review, please email:
admin@hirematch.io

WHITEPAPER
Disclaimer: The information in this document is subject to change or update
without notice and should not be construed as a commitment by HireMatch.​
This document is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an
offer or solicitation to sell shares or securities in HireMatch.io or any related
or associated company. Any such offer or solicitation will be made only by
means of a confidential offering memorandum and in accordance with the
terms of all applicable securities and other laws.

2

HIREMATCH: DECENTRALIZED JOB EMPLOYEE RECRUITMENT PLATFORM V0.9

TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Introduction

04

Mission Statement

05

What are Smart Contracts?

05

The History and Future of Job Boards

06

Current “Job Board” I​ ndustry

07

System Implementation

08

What is an Agent?

09

What is a Bounty?

09

The HireMatch Token (HIRE)

09

Token Acquisition

10

HIREMATCH: DECENTRALIZED JOB EMPLOYEE RECRUITMENT PLATFORM V0.9

Indirect Profit Sharing / Buy Back

10

HireMatch Roadmap

11

Meet The Team

11

Conclusion

11

Terms and Conditions

12

No Guarantee of Income or Profit

12

Regulatory Uncertainty

12

HIRE Tokens are Not an Investment

12

Quantum Computers

12

Insufficient Use

12

Risk of Loss of Funds

12

Risk of Failure

12

The Risk of Using New Technologies

12

Integration

12

Disclaimer of Warranties

12

References

13

3

4

HIREMATCH: DECENTRALIZED JOB EMPLOYEE RECRUITMENT PLATFORM V0.9

“In the future, more and more things we do (passive or active) are going to get compensated
by a token of some sort. In the same way today governments are issuing money, in the future
companies will be issuing tokens to marry that value to a function that they have, or a product
of their specific offering.”, ​William Mougayar at Ethereal Summit 2017.

INTRODUCTION
Innovation and competition go hand in hand, one
always driving the other, and the employment
recruitment industry has hist orically been no
exception to this rule.
Job boards are an essential part of the recruitment
process. With employers and job-seekers alike
using these boards as a main method of getting the
word out about availability, it is nearly impossible
to go through the job searching process without
coming into contact with a job board. Despite
this, very few users of job boards understand the
evolution that these services have gone through.
Although job boards have changed in the past
15 years, one thing remains the same, they all
use a “centralized” business m​odel. Centralized
applications(websites) are curr ently the most
widespread model for the job board market, and
the vast majority of the internet in general. Indeed.
com, Monster.com, and Careerbui lder.com all
follow this model. Centralized systems directly
control the operations and flow of information
from a single center.
These legacy sites are centralized and do very little to find quality applicants through
the high-powered engine of social networks and other information sources. These sites
are time consuming and can be overly complicated for users, especially when they
are bounced to company homepages repeatedly. In addition, these sites are not fast
enough for the growing millennial workforce.
HireMatch.io is a Decentralized Application (DApp) that will eliminate the friction and
costs of third party ​intermediaries like expensive recruiters, when firms are searching
for talent. HireMatch will reduce the cost to find, interview and acquire new employees
by removing unnecessar y friction and creating a more efficient marketplace by
incentivising “Agents” with our ERC20 token we call “HIRE”. [2]

HIREMATCH: DECENTRALIZED JOB EMPLOYEE RECRUITMENT PLATFORM V0.9

MISSION STATEMENT
HireMatch has a mission to revolutionize and disrupt the recruitment industry by improving
the current job marketplace quality worldwide, reduce the costs across the board,
increase employee quality and create a community of people. Via our (HIRE) Token, we will
implement a democratization of the job market. By using and implementing this platform,
agents will receive rewards in the form of (HIRE) tokens, giving power back to the people
and away from large corporate job boards. Our ultimate goal isn’t to compete directly with
other cryptocurrencies, such as Bitcoin, but rather to provide a solution and support for the
current woes in the job board and recruitment industry.

WHAT ARE SMART CONTRACTS?
Since 2009, blockchain has gained widespread use in every conceivable industry such as
finance, real estate and healthcare. Not to mention, an array of new blockchain-enabled
businesses and services coming into the market in the past 2 years. With the arrival of
ethereum to the blockchain space in late 2015 and its “smart contract” technology, the
blockchain and its value have grown exponentially and is becoming more and more popular.
[2], [4]
Smart contracts are an innovative new way of exchanging money, property, shares,
or anything of value in a transparent, conflict-free way while avoiding the services of a
middleman, in the case of HireMatch.io; recruiters.
Smart contracts contain code that can be used to make decisions, store data, and send
cryptocurrency to others. A Smart Contract is defined by it’s creators, but the services it
offers, provided by the ethereum network, executes automatically.
The community at large can participate or audit all HireMatch smart contracts on Github.

5

6

HIREMATCH: DECENTRALIZED JOB EMPLOYEE RECRUITMENT PLATFORM V0.9

THE HISTORY AND
FUTURE OF JOB BOARDS
The first job board created was named the Online Career
Center. Developed by Bill Warren, the Online Career
Center launched in 1992 merging with Monster in 1995.
Despite job boards consistently having the same goals
throughout their existence, the content advertised on
them changed. The original job boards were considered
generalists because they advertised for all types of job
openings. This changed later in the 90s when niche
boards and networks began to take over the industry
.
Niche boards allowed recruiters and job-seekers to
specify their qualifications and industry, which opened
up easier communication to those qualified. Networks
used multiple sites to open up the possibility of recruiters
targeting by location without having to use multiple
vendors.

The classified section of a newspaper evolved into a wide
variety of potential employment candidates because of
the expanded use of the Internet. Now that job boards
have become widely known as one of the best ways to
land a job, where will they go next?
Job boards have continued to evolve ever since their
creation, so there is no reason to think that they will stop
here. In fact, some boards are already moving into the
next era of job boards.
As time passes, job boards are moving closer to the full
implementation of social media. The ability to post and
share job openings are already available at sites such as
LinkedIn, but are also becoming available in traditional
job board sites.

Job aggregators changed the industry when they arrived
in the middle 2000s. These aggregators, such as Indeed,
allowed employers and job-seekers to use a platform to
search across all available job websites, which eased the
process of finding specific openings.

Another characteristic that job boards are evolving
towards is the use of matching. Instead of either party
having to search for someone that fits the qualifications,
job boards are now offering the ability to match
employees with their best suitors, saving time for
everyone involved.

Social media became popular around this time as well.
Sites such as LinkedIn brought a twist to the job search
because they allowed recruiters to openly search
for qualified candidates instead of having to wait for
applications.

Matching is the future of the recruiting industry. This
is the main reason that the HireMatch.io platform has
received enormous attention from investors. HireMatch.
io offers a lower cost, higher speed to acquisition, a
better overall quality of applicants.

HIREMATCH: DECENTRALIZED JOB EMPLOYEE RECRUITMENT PLATFORM V0.9

7

CURRENT
“JOB BOARD”
MARKETPLACE
The global staffing market currently sits at a total of $404 billion.
The average recruitment commission is $37,500 per installment of
highly paid staff (above 100k).
At this time, when a company is looking to fill a job, the first places
they go to are Indeed.com, Monster.com, or Careerbuilder.com.
Without a doubt, the recruitment industry is dominated by these
major players.
These legacy sites are centralized and do very little to find quality
applicants through the high-powered engine of social networks
and other information sources. These legacy sites are time
consuming and can be overly complicated for users, especially
when they are bounced to company homepages repeatedly. In
addition, these sites are not fast enough for the growing millennial
workforce.
Issues that exist in the current recruitment industry are as follows:
1. Attracting potential applicants attention(noise).
2. Finding enough qualified candidates
3. High Cost of Employee Acquisition
HireMatch.io will solve the above issues with a decentralized mobile application/platform.
HireMatch.io will solve the noise issue by using the fundamental principle of networking: the know, like
and trust factor. Agents can and will use their friends and associates connected by Facebook, LinkedIn
or personal contacts to recommend with job offers. Agents can also be smart applications built on our
API that harness the power of social media (Facebook, twitter, linkedin) to find and capture a potential
applicant’s attention.
HireMatch.io will attack the “Finding enough qualified candidates” issue by using our incentivized network
to find, validate and recruit talent. By decentralizing the recruitment process, HireMatch.io shall effectively
lower the resource acquisition cost and create a more democratic and free job market in the process.

HIREMATCH: DECENTRALIZED JOB EMPLOYEE RECRUITMENT PLATFORM V0.9

8

SYSTEM IMPLEMENTATION
It has been proven time and time again that decentralized markets make better decisions than centralized ones. [3]
We created HireMatch.io to be a truly decentralized, blockchain-based Employee Recruitment Platform.
Let’s see how a potential transaction will work.

2

1

4

The HF Manager puts the job requirements
together and selects a bounty of 10,000 HIRE
Tokens to acquire this new employee.

3

The job gets published as a smart Contract

1.

Acme Software is growing fast and needs to
find a new software engineer.

2.

The HR Manager puts the job requirements
together and selects a bounty of 10,000
(HIRE) Tokens to acquire this new employee.

3.

The HR Manager acquires (HIRE) tokens to
post the job to the HireMatch.io Network.

4.

The job gets published via a Smart Contract
on the Ethereum blockchain.

5

5.

Agents that fit the specific requirements will
then get a notification that a smart contract
has been issued and are able to refer
LinkedIn contacts, Facebook contacts and
phone contacts to find suitable applicants
to the posted job.Agents can be humans or
applications connected via our open API.

6.

When the applicant is selected by the
company, the final bounty is distributed via
the smart contract to every agent who had
a part in hiring the new employee (Including
referrals and Interviews that were accepted
by the company) and the contract is closed.

Using this model we plan to dramatically disrupt the employment recruitment industry and take considerable market
share very quickly as cryptocurrency and blockchain technology become mainstream in the next few years.
HireMatch is a platform that will be engineered to leverage both Ethereum blockchain technologies and it’s Smart
Contracts to increase efficiencies and decrease cost to employee acquisition that many companies face. HireMatch is
a closed loop payment system, meaning no new tokens will be created or destroyed and HireMatch will only accept
(HIRE) to fuel its network of agents.

HIREMATCH: DECENTRALIZED JOB EMPLOYEE RECRUITMENT PLATFORM V0.9

WHAT IS AN AGENT?
An agent can be a human agent acting via our mobile app or website or a smart software agent connected
via our API. Anyone will be able to access our API to create innovative applications and processes to
deliver better and higher quality candidates through referrals and validation. Using the API model, we
can expect exponential increase in the agent’s effectiveness and quality, as well as a dramatic increase
in the value of our (HIRE) Token.

WHAT IS A
BOUNTY?

THE HIRE TOKEN
(HIRE)

A bounty is the amount in (HIRE) tokens that
a company places into the smart contract to
be distributed upon successful execution of
the contract.

The token economy is a reward system used
to reward a target behaviour. [6]

Here is how a successful bounty share could
work (exact percentages are still under
development and are subject to change.)

B O UNTY S HAR E

25%
15%

35%

25%

(HIRE) is an ERC20 token that represents
partial ownership and fuel for the HireMatch
job network. The primary usage of the token is
to incentivize user agents to find, recommend
and verify applicants for job listings.
Agents are paid in (HIRE) via execution of a
smart contract, when recommending and
validating applicants and/or when a referred
applicant is hired.
(HIRE) is the primary and only fuel for
driving the HireMatch employee recruitment
platform.
We will issue 100,000,000 (HIRE) one time
only and will never issue any more.

9

10

HIREMATCH: DECENTRALIZED JOB EMPLOYEE RECRUITMENT PLATFORM V0.9

TOKEN AQUISITION
The HireMatch Token initial distribution will be in the
form of a presale.
Companies and/or Recruiters will need to acquire (HIRE)
in order to access and post job offers to the platform.
(HIRE) can be purchased via the HireMatch platform
(Indirect Profit Sharing / Buyback) or an exchange.
(HIRE) can be acquired through HireMatch’s website and
mobile app, through many crypto-currency markets and
from individuals via transfer.

Token users will be able to acquire (HIRE) at a reduced
rate by sending ETH to the pre sale smart contract
address. Those with other cryptocurrencies such as BTC
or Ethereum Classic can purchase (HIRE) via a conversion
service that will be available on the HireMatch.io web
page.
A 30% allocation of (HIRE) tokens will be allotted to the
founding team members, subject to a twelve(12) month
holding period. These tokens will serve as longterm
incentive for the HireMatch founding team and to
HireMatch employees.

Platform users will have the ability to acquire (HIRE) by
sending Ether (“ETH”) to the (HIRE) creation contract on
the blockchain during a pre-sale.

INDIRECT PROFIT
SHARING / BUY BACK
In order to create a long-term increase in value in the HireMatch token, HireMatch will implement a unique approach
of indirect profit sharing for all HireMatch token holders. Once a year, HireMatch.io will buy (HIRE) with profits gained
throughout the last financial year. HireMatch will in turn sell those (HIRE) tokens back to the companies and recruiters
who wish to acquire (HIRE) via credit card or other traditional payment types within our interface.
This method has a two-pronged effect. First, it solves the cryptocurrency onboarding problem. Currently there is a very
large issue in acquiring any type of cryptocurrency, with many sellers requiring two forms of ID and a long wait period.
With HireMatch.io’s “Buy Back” program, we will solve this problem and give companies and recruiters a stress and
friction free way to acquire (HIRE) directly from the site or mobile app.
The second effect is with the “Buy Back” program the global (HIRE) supply decreases over time and in return, the demand
and the market price increase, delivering real value and profit back to our token holders.

HIREMATCH: DECENTRALIZED JOB EMPLOYEE RECRUITMENT PLATFORM V0.9

11

HIREMATCH ROADMAP
We intend to put HireMatch through rigorous research, development, testing and marketings over the next few years,
and the various milestones we want to achieve for our users, developers, and the ecosystem overall. In total, there are 4
phases called: Research, Expansion, Marketing and The Future; each with its own milestones, goals, and focus.
HIREMATCH V0.1 RELEASE

JAN 2017

QUANT INDEX INCORPORATED

MAR 2017

JUN 2017

MOBILE UI COMPLETION

SALE ENDS, TOKENS DISTRIBUTED

OCT 2017

NOV 2017

PUBLIC TOKEN SALE BEGINS

REVIEW APP RELEASE

Q4 2017

Q1 2018

REVIEW PLATFORM LAUNCH

PUBLIC BETA LAUNCH

Q2 2018

Q3 2018

MARKET RESEARCH INTEGRATION

Q4 2018

BEGIN ONBOARDING COMPANIES

1.

Research - ​Gather the much needed market intelligence to plan and implement a scalable, robust decentralized
job recruitment platform.

2.

Implementation & Expansion ​- Create and release beta version of the HireMatch.io platform mobile application,
API and web application.

3.

Marketing - ​Market the platform and its benefits to the general public and the recruitment industry via traditional
advertising(online and offline), tradeshows and webinars. Outreach to HR managers, recruiters or anyone that can
benefit from the HireMatch.io platform.

4.

The Future -​Build up the HireMatch infrastructure and API and continue 2, 3 and 4 infinitely.

This truly revolutionary HireMatch concept and it’s token, (HIRE) is expected by many early interested investors to
increase exponentially over time, giving the involved parties further great profits and success.

MEET THE TEAM

ARMANDO PANTOJA
CHIEF ARCHITECT,
COFOUNDER

CHAD KETTERING
CHIEF MARKETER,
COFOUNDER

ALADIN BEN SASSI
UI/UX DESIGNER

M.J. PANTOJA
ADVISOR, HUMAN
RESOURCE EXPERT

BAER NOLDUS
RANDSTAD
ADVISOR

CONCLUSION
The advancement of blockchain technology is becoming apparent in all industries. Most of these job boards are taking
advantage of the wider audience available through the use of mobile applications and other advancing technology.
HireMatch.io is primed to take advantage of these trends and disrupt the job board and job marketplace.​[4]
If you believe in what we are doing, contact us directly for presale information: investments@HireMatch. io. Our
crowdsale will be open to the public on July 20th 2017

12

HIREMATCH: DECENTRALIZED JOB EMPLOYEE RECRUITMENT PLATFORM V0.9

TERMS &
CONDITIONS

This document is for informational purposes only and should not be considered
as an offer to sell shares or securities using the HireMatch platform or any
other affiliated company.
(HIRE) tokens do not grant the right of control.
Owning (HIRE) tokens does not give their holder the right of ownership or
the right to property in HIRE. While the community’s opinion and feedback
can be taken into account, (HIRE) tokens do not give their holders any right to
participate in decision making concerning the development of the HireMatch
platform.

No Guarantee of Income or Profit

Risk of Failure

Any examples of income and profits calculation used in
this document are given for demonstrative purposes only
or for showing industry averages and do not constitute a
guarantee that these results will be obtained according
to the marketing plan.

It is possible that for various reasons, including but
not limited to the failure of business arrangements or
marketing strategies, that the HireMatch search system
and all subsequent marketing activities related to
the funds collected during the ICO procedure may be
unsuccessful.

Regulatory Uncertainty
Blockchain-related technologies are subject to
supervision and control by different regulatory bodies
around the world. (HIRE) tokens may fall under one or
more inquiries or actions on their part, including but not
limited to imposing restrictions on the use or possession
of digital tokens such as (HIRE) tokens, which may slow
or limit the functionality of the system or the process of
purchasing (HIRE) tokens in the future.

The Risk of Using New Technologies

HIRE Tokens are Not an Investment

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.
All previous agreements, discussions, presentations,
warranties, and conditions are combined in this
document. There are no warranties, conditions or
agreements, express or implied, between the parties,
except as expressly provided in this Agreement. This
Agreement may be amended only by a written document
duly executed by the parties.

(HIRE) tokens are not an official or legally binding
investment of any kind. Due to unforeseen circumstances,
the objectives set forth in this document may be
amended. Despite the fact that we intend to reach all the
goals described in this document, all persons and parties
involved in the purchase of (HIRE) tokens do so at their
own risk.

Quantum Computers
Technical innovations, such as the development of quantum
computers, may pose a danger to cryptocurrencies,
including (HIRE) tokens.

Insufficient Use
Despite the fact that (HIRE) tokens should not be considered
as an investment, they can gain in value in the course of
time. They may also fall in value if they are not actively used
in the HireMatch platform.

Risk of Loss of Funds
Funds collected during the ICO procedure are not
insured. In the event of loss or loss of value, there is no
private or public insurance representative whom the
buyer could address.

Crypto tokens, such as (HIRE), are a fairly new and
relatively untested technology. In addition to the risks
mentioned in this document, there are additional risks
that the HireMatch team cannot predict. These risks
may emerge in other forms rather than those indicated
here.

Integration

Disclaimer of Warranties
You agree that your use or inability to use (HIRE) tokens is
solely at your own risk and you remove all responsibility
from HireMatch . Since the date of issue, (HIRE) tokens
will be sent to you without warranty of any kind, either
express or implied, including all implied warranties of
commercial value for a particular purpose without
violating anyone’s intellectual property rights. As some
jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied
warranties, the above exclusion of implied warranties
may not apply to you.

HIREMATCH: DECENTRALIZED JOB EMPLOYEE RECRUITMENT PLATFORM V0.9

REFERENCES
1.

Satoshi Nakamoto. “Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer electronic
cash system”. In: (2008).

2.

Vitalik Buterin. “A next-generation smart contract and
decentralized application platform. White Paper”. In:
(2014.).

3.

Haeringer,
Guillaume,
and
Myrna
Wooders.​
“Decentralized job matching.” ​Internatio nal Journal of
Game Theory​ 40.1 (2010): 1-28. Web.

4.

Ammous, Saif edean Hisham. ​“Blo ckchain Technology:
What is it Good for?” ​SSRN Electronic Journal​ (n.d.): n.
pag. Web.

5.

“Smart Contracts and Smart Properties Over
Blockchains.” Decentralized Computing Using Blockchain
Technologies and Smart Contracts: Emerging Research
and Opportunities​ (n.d.): 44-63. Web.

6.

Sunny King and Sco tt Nadal. ​“PPCoin: Peer-to-peer
crypto-currency wi th proof-of -stake.” ​In: (2012).

13

