Wh i tep ap e r
A Developer Autonomous
Community Powered by
Blockchain

V3.0
2018.07.27

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

NOTICE
NOTHING IN THIS WHITEPAPER CONSTITUTES LEGAL, FINANCIAL, BUSINESS OR TAX ADVICE AND YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S) BEFORE ENGAGING IN ANY ACTIVITY
IN CONNECTION HEREWITH. NEITHER HITCHAIN FOUNDATION LIMITED (THE FOUNDATION), ANY OF THE PROJECT
TEAM MEMBERS WHO HAVE WORKED ON HITCHIAN (AS DEFINED HEREIN) OR PROJECT TO DEVELOP HITCHAIN IN ANY
WAY WHATSOEVER (THE HITCHAIN TEAM), NOR ANY SERVICE PROVIDER SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY KIND OF DIRECT
OR INDIRECT DAMAGE OR LOSS WHATSOEVER WHICH YOU MAY SUFFER IN CONNECTION WITH ACCESSING THIS
WHITEPAPER, THE WEBSITE AT HTTPS://WWW.HITCHAIN.ORG (THE WEBSITE) OR ANY OTHER WEBSITES OR MATERIALS
PUBLISHED BY THE FOUNDATION.
All contributions will be applied towards the Foundation's objects, including without limitation promoting the research,
design and development of, and advocacy for a brand new decentralized autonomous community based on Blockchain
technology and Open-source concept and framed with original core infrastructure technology and consensus mechanism.
This Whitepaper is intended for general informational purposes only and does not constitute a prospectus, an offer document, an offer of securities, a solicitation for investment, or any offer to sell any product, item or asset (whether digital
or otherwise). The information herein below may not be exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a contractual
relationship. There is no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information and no representation, warranty or undertaking is or purported to be provided as to the accuracy or completeness of such information. Where this
Whitepaper includes information that has been obtained from third party sources, the Foundation and/or the HitChain
team have not independently verified the accuracy or completion of such information. Further, you acknowledge that
circumstances may change and that this Whitepaper may become outdated as a result; and the Foundation is under no
obligation to update or correct this document in connection therewith.
This Whitepaper does not constitute any offer by the Foundation and the HitChain team to sell any HIT (as defined herein) nor shall it or any part of it nor the fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any
contract or investment decision. Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or undertaking as to the future performance of HitChain. The agreement between the Foundation and you, in
relation to any sale and purchase of HIT is to be governed by only the separate terms and conditions of such agreement.
By accessing this Whitepaper or any part thereof, you represent and warrant to the Foundation, its affiliates, and the
HitChain team as follows:
(a) in any decision to purchase any HIT, you have not relied on any statement set out in this Whitepaper;
(b) you will and shall at your own expense ensure compliance with all laws, regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable to you (as the case may be);
(c) you acknowledge, understand and agree that HIT may have no value, there is no guarantee or representation of value
or liquidity for HIT, and HIT is not for speculative investment;
(d) none of the Foundation, its affiliates, and/or the HitChain team members shall be responsible for or liable for the value
of HIT, the transferability and/or liquidity of HIT and/or the availability of any market for HIT through third parties or
otherwise; and
(e) you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible to purchase any HIT if you are a citizen, national,
resident (tax or otherwise), domiciliary and/or green card holder of a geographic area or country (i) where it is likely that
the sale of HIT would be construed as the sale of a security (howsoever named) or investment product and/or (ii) in which
access to or participation in the HIT token sale or HitChain is prohibited by applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, or administrative act, and/or (including without limitation the United States of America, Canada, New Zealand, People's Republic
of China and the Republic of Korea).
The Foundation and the HitChain team do not and do not purport to make, and hereby disclaims, all representations,
warranties or undertaking to any entity or person (including without limitation warranties as to the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or reliability of the contents of this Whitepaper or any other materials published by the Foundation). To
HitChain Whitepaper

2

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

the maximum extent permitted by law, the Foundation and their related entities and service providers shall not be
liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise
(including, without limitation, any liability arising from default or negligence on the part of any of them, or any loss
of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data) arising from the use of this Whitepaper or any other materials
published, or its contents or otherwise arising in connection with the same.
Prospective purchasers of HIT should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties (including financial
and legal risks and uncertainties) associated with the HIT token sale, the Foundation and the HitChain team.
The information set out in this Whitepaper is for community discussion only and is not legally binding. The agreement for sale and purchase of HIT and/or continued holding of HIT shall be governed by a separate set of Terms
and Conditions or Token Purchase Agreement (as the case may be) setting out the terms of such purchase and/or
continued holding of HIT (the Terms and Conditions), which shall be separately provided to you or made available
on the Website. In the event of any inconsistencies between the Terms and Conditions and this Whitepaper, the
Terms and Conditions shall prevail.
This is only a conceptual whitepaper describing the future development goals for HitChain to be developed.
This Whitepaper may be amended or replaced from time to time. There are no obligations to update this Whitepaper or to provide recipients with access to any information beyond what is provided in this Whitepaper.
All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press releases or in any place accessible by the
public and oral statements that may be made by the Foundation and/or the HitChain team may constitute forward-looking statements (including statements regarding intent, belief or current expectations with respect to
market conditions, business strategy and plans, financial condition, specific provisions and risk management practices). You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements given that these statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results
to be materially different from that described by such forward-looking statements, and no independent third party
has reviewed the reasonableness of any such statements or assumptions. These forward-looking statements are
applicable only as of the date of this Whitepaper and the Foundation and the HitChain team expressly disclaims any
responsibility (whether express or implied) to release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect
events after such date.
The use of any company and/or platform names or trademarks herein (save for those which relate to the Foundation or its affiliates) does not imply any affiliation with, or endorsement by, any third party.
References in this Whitepaper to specific companies and platforms are for illustrative purposes only.
This Whitepaper may be translated into a language other than English and in the event of conflict or ambiguity
between the English language version and translated versions of this Whitepaper, the English language version shall
prevail. You acknowledge that you have read and understood the English language version of this Whitepaper.
No part of this Whitepaper is to be copied, reproduced, distributed or disseminated in any way without the prior
written consent of the Foundation.

Whitepaper

HitChain Whitepaper

3

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

HitChain Whitepaper

A Developer Autonomous Community
on Blockchain
HitChain Community Announcement
In only 50 years, the Information Technology revolution has profoundly changed the way we work and live. Wave upon wave of productivity
growth has been fueled by technological breakthroughs brought forth by
the computer, software, internet, mobile internet, cloud computing, big
data, IOT and now the Blockchain. We are standing on new ground, an
inter-connected world never experienced by humans before. Millions of
software developers and computer programmers around the world with
billions of lines of source code are undoubtedly the biggest contributors
to these great advancements. While the code created by these developers
has benefited many, far too few developers have been able to be properly
rewarded for their efforts. The initial capital investments required to build
a software business have prevented many developers from being the true
beneficiaries of their own work.
HitChain is a decentralized and collaborative community built to value
developers’ works with a transparent credit system using blockchain
technology. It is a community of the developers, by the developers, for
the developers. HitChain provides a platform for developers to automatically redeem the value of innovation and creativity with compensation
(currency value) and privileges (currency right). The self -governed system
will guarantee that each member has the responsibility and right to participate in community decisions.
HitChain community and the platform it runs on will embrace autonomy,
democracy, transparency and fairness without any third-party intermediaries or centralized supervision. HitChain members will be among the first
developers to recognize the full value of their efforts.
This white paper lays out a summary of the HitChain implementation plan
and related algorithms. As developers who have great faith in our own
kind, we invite you to join us in making this long-awaited dreamland a
full-fledged reality.

HitChain Whitepaper

4

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Table of Contents

Table Of Contents
Chapter 1 Background of Hitchain.................................................................................................... 6
1.1 Open-Source Goes to Mainstream......................................................................................................... 7
1.2 Issues of Open-Source Ecology............................................................................................................... 7
1.3 Hitchain Proposal......................................................................................................................................8
1.4 Terminology ..............................................................................................................................................8
Chapter 2 Hitchain Vision and Goals................................................................................................. 9
2.1 Hitchain Vision........................................................................................................................................ 10
2.2 Hitchain Goals........................................................................................................................................ 11
Chapter 3 Hitchain Technical Solutions.......................................................................................... 12
3.1 System Architecture.............................................................................................................................. 13
3.2 Hitchain Blockchain Network................................................................................................................ 15
3.2.1 Hybrid Chains Infrastructure ..................................................................................................... 15
3.2.2 Dag High Concurrency Asynchronous Execution..................................................................... 15
3.2.3 Classified Dynamic Ledger Technology..................................................................................... 16
3.2.4 Double Consensus Parallelism Mechanism.............................................................................. 16
3.2.5 Isolation Witness and Smart Contract....................................................................................... 17
3.3 Distributed Hosting System Based on Hit Protocol............................................................................ 18
3.3.1 IPFS Decentralized Storage Structure........................................................................................ 18
3.3.2 Hit Distributed Hosting Protocol................................................................................................ 19
3.3.3 Cross-Chain Authentication Mechanism................................................................................... 21
3.3.4 Mstm (Multi-Task State Machine)............................................................................................... 22
3.4 Hitchain Applications............................................................................................................................. 23
Chapter 4 Hitchain Economic Model............................................................................................... 24
4.1 Cryptocurrency System.......................................................................................................................... 25
4.2 Value Verification and Distribution .................................................................................................... 26
4.3 Contribution Incentive Mechanism...................................................................................................... 27
4.3.1 Content Incentive......................................................................................................................... 27
4.3.2 Community Building Incentive................................................................................................... 28
4.4 Developer Value Model......................................................................................................................... 29
Chapter 5 Hitchain Strategic Planning............................................................................................ 30
5.1 Community Governance Structure..................................................................................................... 31
5.1.1 Committee Organization............................................................................................................ 31
5.1.2 Committee Regulations.............................................................................................................. 31
5.2 Hitchain Roadmap................................................................................................................................. 32
Chapter 6 HitChain Founding Team and Advisor Team.............................................................. 33
6.1 HitChain Founding Team...................................................................................................................... 34
6.2 HitChain Advisor Team......................................................................................................................... 35
Chapter 7 Conclusion........................................................................................................................ 36

HitChain Whitepaper

5

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 1
Background of HitChain

1.1 Open-source Goes to Mainstream

1.2 Issues of Open-source Ecology

1.3 HitChain Proposal

1.4 Terminology

HitChain Whitepaper

6

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 1

Chapter 1 Background of HitChain

Background of HitChain

1.1 Open-source Goes to Mainstream
The Open-source software movement has democratized computing and greatly increased
the speed of technological innovation. The current global Open-source network has become
a strategic engine promoting software development and commercial application. Opensource developers are undoubtedly the driving force behind this unstoppable movement.
GitHub, the world's largest Open-source development platform with 24 million registered developers, hosts 67 million repositories and over 5 million Open-source projects. Open-source
China (OSChina), the largest Open-source development platform in China has over 2 million
registered developers and hosts over 3 million repositories. 68.8 million issues were submitted, and more than 1 billion commits were made on GitHub globally in 2017. In addition to
veteran Open-source contributors such as IBM and Google, more companies are adopting
Open-source. Microsoft, whose CEO described Linux as ‘Cancer’ in 2001, is now a Platinum
member of the Linux foundation. Every indication is that Open-source is revolutionizing the
software industry paradigm and leveling the playing field.

1.2 Issues of Open-source Ecology
As Open-source developers strive to contribute and innovate their income has not yet been upgraded
accordingly.

① Developers are still at the farthest end in the value chain of the tech industry
The Open-source business model brings the most dexterous and complex development and business practices available to date. However, an undeniable fact is that the top of the Open-source
ecological value chain has been dominated by commercial and technology giants, and the vast
majority of hard-working developers are unable to reap from their own contribution. This will have
a fundamental negative impact on the fairness, justice, and efficiency of Open-source ecology.

② Developer's intellectual property is difficult to be effectively protected
Intellectual property protection has always been a challenge in the field of technological innovation. Many technology giants are struggling with intellectual property problems, not to mention
the average individuals. Particularly the Open-source code is mainly hosted on a centralized platform like GitHub. The Git protocol can’t guarantee that the version information is not tampered
with. It brings tremendous risk both technically and administratively as the version information is
the only evidence to prove the true owner of the software property.

③ The current Open-source platform is centralized controlled
Current Open-source platforms such as GitHub are centralized controlled and not built on the
Open-source model. Developers have neither say to or ownership of the community.

HitChain Whitepaper

7

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 1 Background of HitChain

1.3 HitChain Proposal
Currently open-source communities such as GitHub are focused on facilitating developers’ work by providing tools or space. These communities don’t
always represent the developer’s interest as they are profit driven enterprises representing the interests of their investors and shareholders.
Therefore, we propose the HitChain project, a global autonomous community that is of the developers, by the developers, for the developers.
The term HitChain derives from Git and Blockchain. Git is the open source
distributed revision control system authored by Linus Torvalds. Blockchain is the open distributed legder invented by Satoshi Nakamoto. With
HitChain we hope to surpass GitHub as the largest Open-source platform
by applying Blockchain technology for a more dynamic, democratic, and
autonomous Open-source ecosystem.

1.4 Terminology
The main terms used in this article are as follows:

Blockchain

Git / GitHub

Blockchain is a decentralized distributed ledger
system. Based on the cryptographic algorithm,
consensus mechanism and timing mechanism, it
realizes the continuous data recording, real-time
verification, hard-to-tamper, unmasking and other
features of every node in the system, establishing
a set of privacy, efficiency and security of shared
value system.

Git is a code version control system that is widely
used by Open-source developers. GitHub is a Gitbased Internet code hosting platform that has grown
into the world's largest Open-source development
community.

HitChain
HitChain is a blockchain technology based
‘autonomous’ community of global developers, which
is ‘Of the developers, by the developers, for the
developers.’

IPFS
InterPlanetary File System (StarFrame), the next
generation of distributed storage and sharing of
network transport protocol. The current mature
applications are distributed hash table, Git system,
bitcoin and so on.

Hit Protocol

DAG

Hit protocol is a combination of Git protocol
and blockchain technology, aiming to solve the
bottleneck problem of Git protocol in developer
value measurement and exchange, code warehouse
decentralization management, and so on.

Directed Acyclic Graph, is the next-generation
blockchain technology block structure

Merkle Tree
A tree structure that stores a set of hash values,
widely used in blockchain and IPFS systems.

HitChain Token (HIT Token)
HitChain Token (HIT Token) is a Ethereum ERC-20 based
Token circulating within the HitChain ecosystem. Once
HitChain online, ERC-20 will be exchanged to HitChain
Token (HIT Token) at one to one ratio.

HitChain Whitepaper

8

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 2
HitChain Vision and Goals

2.1 HitChain Vision

2.2 HitChain Goals

HitChain Whitepaper

9

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 2 HitChain Vision and Goals

Chapter 2 HitChain Vision and Goals
2.1 HitChain Vision
HitChain is an open Distributed Autonomous Organization (DAO) of the developers, by the developers, for the developers. HitChain represents the ultimate interests of developers with better solutions to the challenges facing the current Opensource community. HitChain provides intellectual property protection, capability
and credit system, equality of income distribution, and true communal ownership.
We should note that all participants or users in HitChain are regarded as developers in a generalized way. Developers include individual developers, tech consumers, as well as businesses and organizations.
HitChain strives to builds a brand new decentralized autonomous community
based on Blockchain technology. HitChain is an Open-source concept framed with
an original core infrastructure technology and consensus mechanism. Developers output will be saved, shared, browsed, distributed, and paid for use under
HitChain hosting agreements and Hit protocols. Every product will be safeguarded with automatic copyright protection and quantified with cryptocurrency.Everyone who contribute source code and use HitChain as a development platform is
a community member of HitChain, and there is no needs of holding HIT tokens to
become a community member.

Ideal Value

Developers’ Transparent Credit System

Business Value

Governance and

Developers’ Marketplace

Business Value

Regulations System

System
Decentralized Network Infrastructure

Chart 1 HitChain's Vision

HitChain founding team members are from well-known technology companies,
Open-source organizations, and such as RedHat, Google, Apache Fund, Linux
Fund and OSChina with strong technical and operational background.

HitChain Whitepaper

10

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 2 HitChain Vision and Goals

2.2 HitChain’s Goal
① The World's Largest Software Development Collaboration Platform
One of HitChain's primary goals is to benefit global software developers. HitChain is committed to addressing the
most fundamental issue of fair and decentralized profit distribution. We welcome all developers to join and build
HitChain regardless of country or origin, skill level and career goals.
Compared with GitHub and other Open-source platforms focusing on getting job done, HitChain will do more to
formalize fair profit distribution platform to realize developers’ intrinsic value.

② Products Saved in Decentralized Form
At present, all major code hosting platforms for Open-source projects around the world like GitHub, are operated by
a stand-alone entity, which is subject to technical failure and with scalability issues and posting potential risk to over
commercialization and monopoly.
Instead, HitChain will be a decentralized platform for software development and management to solve the above
problems with security, scalability, democracy and autonomy.

③ Automatic Intellectual Property Protection
At present, the Open-source communities manage development process and the results based on version
management system and issue tracking system, etc. Intellectual property rights such as developer code and
documentation are also confirmed by these systems. However, these systems are not tamper resistant, and in some
extreme cases the developer's originality may be maliciously deprived of.
Instead as HitChain is a decentralized and shared development and storage platform, developers’ work will be
safeguarded from any unauthorized direct use which can be spotted and stopped instantaneously.

④ Developer’s Comprehensive Technical Credit System
In HitChain, blockchain technology will be applied to establish an authoritative, recognized and transparent competency
appraisal and credit system by collecting and managing developers’ data. Such appraisal system will greatly reduce the
collaboration and transaction cost.

⑤ Monetization of Developers' Works
Till today developers’ income is not matching to their contribution as they are kept at the farthest end of the centralized
value chain. Also, at the default of a widely accepted appraisal and credit system, developers’ tech capability can’t be
measured quantitatively and bring matching monetary value.
HitChain’s solution is the cryptocurrency protocol. Cryptocurrency will be rewarded to developers based on designated
algorithm. Developers' workload and quality of work can be directly assessed and converted into corresponding
cryptocurrencies by the pre-defined triggers from either development stages or milestone (such as PR being accepted,
Project maturity, etc.), or public's attention (such as praise, fork, reuse, subscriptions, etc.). Therefore, a transparent, open
competency appraisal and credit system will be established in HitChain and developer’s capability is measured precisely and
will be converted to monetary value.
Quite the opposite to existing highly centralized income distribution controlled by certain entity, HitChain ensures fairness,
accountability, autonomy, and justice by letting developers transact and earn in algorithmic market freely.

⑥ Transaction History is Transparent and Independent
In HitChain, supply and demand information is symmetrical. The price and transactions are open and transparent.
Dispute if any can be traced back and reconciled. HitChain’s transaction settlement system is based on Blockchain
technology jointly built by all participators.
Taking Open-source development activities as an example, each Open-source project can recruit developers for
support. Such transactions can be easily settled with HitChain cryptocurrency system without any third-party
involvement with transparent pricing.

⑦ Autonomous Community
HitChain is a platform maintained and updated by the all developers. All decisions needed for community operation,
such as development tool to provide, operation regulation, reward system and transaction system will be made by
members through public voting supervised by committee. Each member’s voting power is different based on his
competency appraisal and credit grade calculated by underlining algorithm.
HitChain Whitepaper

11

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 3
HitChain Technical Solutions

3.1 System Architecture

3.2 HitChain Blockchain Network

3.3 Distributed Hosting System Based on Hit Protocol

3.4 HitChain Applications

HitChain Whitepaper

12

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 3

Chapter 3 HitChain Technical Solutions

HitChain Technical Solutions

3.1 System Architecture
In order to establish a true community of the developers, by the developers, for the developers, there are several key issues that need to
be addressed; free and efficient code development, automation and
security of intellectual property, code distribution protection, and fair
and transparent trading of developers’ works.
We propose a new code management protocol and code intellectual
property identification system combining Git protocol and Blockchain
technology to build a complete set of solutions for decentralized
code hosting, intellectual property protection, value measurement,
service delivery and so on.

HitChain Ecosystem Structure Chart

HitChain Whitepaper

13

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 3 HitChain Technical Solutions

The overall architecture of HitChain includes four core components: HitChain Currency Infrastructure, HitChain
Community infrastructure, HitChain Development and Trading Community, and HitChain Applications:

① Hitchain Cryptocurrency Infrastructure
Mainly based on blockchain technology, HitChain currency Infrastructure provides basic technical
support for the operation including ledgers, isolation testimonials, consensus mechanisms and
smart contracts.

② Hitchain Infrastructure
HitChain Community Infrastructure is to provide key services including the Hit code management
Protocol, distributed code hosting services, and code authentication services, etc.

③ Hitchain Development and Trading Community
HitChain Development Community is mainly for software development based while HitChain Trading Community for software transactions. Software development community is mainly composed
of Open-source developers while code trading community is composed of code developers and
code consumers.

④ Hitchain Applications
HitChain Applications provides comprehensive applications to facilitate code development, deployment and transaction.

HitChain Whitepaper

14

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 3 HitChain Technical Solutions

3.2 HitChain Blockchain Network
HitChain is a blockchain for software code development, hosting, and transactional activities providing runtime
support for the HitChain community. The main components and services involved include hybrid shards, ledgers, consensus mechanisms, isolation witness, and smart contracts.

3.2.1 Hybrid Chains Infrastructure
The blockchain architecture represented by Bitcoin and Ethereum is facing scalability issues and slow response problems. HitChain will build on top of the blockchain public chain with a high frequency of concurrent, zero-latency responses
complemented with Hit distributed hosting system to avoid such problems.
HitChain uses hybrid sharding chain technology, organically combining the public
chain and shard chain (logical sub-chain) to form a hybrid chain infrastructure.
HitChain will keep a small amount of the core content of transaction records on
the public chain, major information such as the history of a witness, consensus
records, business transactions and other transaction details will be stored in an
independent space.
By a standardized cross-chain communication protocol, HitChain will seamlessly
exchange data between the public chain and fragmented chains. Hash indexing
technology can effectively guarantee the mapping and unique authority of data.

3.2.2 DAG High Concurrency Asynchronous Execution
HitChain's double-chain parallelism technology can not only verify the integrity
of the main chain, but also maintain flexibility in the sharding chain. The main
chain is the traditional chained structure, while the shard chain is the DAG data
structure.
DAG is the Directed Acyclic Graph data structure. It consists of a set of vertices and
directed edges. Each edge connects different vertices so that there is no possibility of loopback between the vertices. Through the witness mechanism, DAG can
quickly find the relevant shortest path to improve transaction validation efficiency and concurrency performance. As long as one transaction in the shard chain
meets the definition of the main chain rules, it can be quickly considered as a valid
transaction.
In addition to a decentralized tamper-resistant distributed ledger, DAG blockchain technology supports high concurrency and prevents the “double spending”
problem when combined with double consensus mechanism and workload proof
consensus algorithm.

HitChain Whitepaper

15

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 3 HitChain Technical Solutions

3.2.3 Classified Dynamic Ledger Technology
Distributed ledgers are a core component of the blockchain and play a key role
in the integrity and transparency of all types of information and transactions. To
support the process of code development and activities such as software coding,
hosting, distribution, sharing and trading HitChain will include a transaction ledger, storage cluster management ledger, and code management ledger.

Transaction Ledger
Transaction ledge is mainly used to record code and storage transaction details which is tamper-resistant.

Storage Cluster Management Ledger
Storage cluster management ledger is used to record storage sharing information, cluster node distribution information, storage space size information related to storage cluster changes, etc.

Code Management Ledger
Code management ledger, combined with the Hit protocol, is used to record version changes, code
submission, code download, comments and other information.

3.2.4 Double Consensus Parallelism Mechanism
In order to ensure the consistency of distributed ledgers, there are five major
types of consensus mechanisms in current blockchain applications: POW, POS,
DPOS, POOL, PBFT. Among them, the most representative methods are POW
(Proof of Work) and POS (Proof of Stake), which are also applied by Bitcoin and
Ethereum respectively. However, the limitations of these methods are inherent.
For example, POW needs to consume a large number of computing resources to
reach a consensus to form a new block, and these computing tasks rely on solving
complex problems of cryptography, thus it is difficult to form an effective computing power.
HitChain's hybrid chain applies a dual consensus mechanism in the public chain
and the shard (dual consensus of PBFT and DPOS).
In the public chain, we use the Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance (PBFT) algorithm to maintain the legitimacy of underlying transactions. The PBFT Consensus provides (N-1) / 3 fault tolerance on the premise of ensuring flexibility and
security. It uses encryption to prevent spoofing and replay attacks and to detect
corrupted messages. Each message contains a post-quantum public key signature

HitChain Whitepaper

16

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 3 HitChain Technical Solutions

(RSA256 algorithm), message authentication code (MAC), collision-free hash function generated message digest (Message sage) and so on.
The DPOS Consensus Mechanism will be used in the shard chain to validate the
management in the Hit code hosting business layer. DPOS completes the transaction confirmation by voting at the super node in the election, which can significantly increase the transaction concurrency and confirmation speed. With the
certificate signed by a trusted accountant, DPOS eliminates the transaction verification time and enables HitChain users to quickly submit business requests with
less transaction costs.

3.2.5 Isolation Witness and Smart Contract
In order to ensure the efficiency and security, HitChain will use a lightweight isolated data structure as the bottom layer, which will store and transmit different
data based on demand. This structure will include recording trading status, legal
trading witness status, and other specific status information in HitChain for the
purpose of extending blockchain functionality. In the delivery process, users of
different roles can selectively operate on the selected data. Therefore, isolation
mode greatly reduces the load pressure on storage and communication relative
to a full block design structure.
Based on the segregation of data structures, HitChain's business scenario will
use smart contracts to support various types of user-defined business activities such as project crowdsourcing, code copyright transactions, and community
public events such as policy referendums and brainstorming. The organic combination of smart contracts and isolation models ensures that every piece of
information or data is exchanged on demand and on a per-authorization basis
so as to increase the efficiency and credibility of HitChain operation.

HitChain Whitepaper

17

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 3 HitChain Technical Solutions

3.3 Distributed Hosting System Based on Hit Protocol
3.3.1 IPFS Decentralized Storage Structure
Traditional centralized storage has bottlenecks in access performance and issues of reliability and security.
HitChain will build a decentralized distributed storage system based on blockchain technology. Users earn
by providing and sharing storage to others and are motivated to provide more. The protocol weaves these
amassed resources into a self-healing network to host software code in a more efficient, secure and inexpensive way.

Sharing and Trading of Storage
By installing the HitChain application, users are free to share storage on PCs, mobile phones, and other storage-enabled devices in the HitChain distributed storage network as a storage node on the network. HitChain records the
storage-related information including a share timestamp, a storage node identifier, a storage size, etc. in a storage
management ledger.
When this storage space is used by other users, the shared storage will be priced according to the evaluation rules and
consensus algorithms, and HitChain Token incentive will be given to the provider accordingly.

IPFS InterPlanetary File System
Decentralized storage networks feature large redundant storage spaces. IPSF technology is applied to store data
in different nodes for file cutting, mapping, and dealing with redundant storage.
As a next-generation file network transmission system, IPFS nodes in the IPFS network form a distributed file
system through content-addressable peer-to-peer hypermedia distribution protocol, which makes the network
faster, safer and more open. All IPFS objects form an encrypted authentication data structure called the Merkle
DAG.
An IPFS object is a data structure that contains two fields:
• Data - Unstructured binary data, less than 256kB
• Links - An array of Link data structures. IPFS objects link
IPFS has the following features: searching based on content rather than the domain name; providing a file version of the historical version of the controller, allowing multiple nodes to save different versions of the same file.
IPFS running on the blockchain can store the hash of the Hit file Table. Cryptocurrency becomes an important
system to coordinate resource sharers and users.
When IPFS stores data files, it divides large files into small blocks, maps their contents, and stores the corresponding hash values in
​​ multiple backup nodes to multiple storage nodes. The relationship between the subblock and its storage location is recorded in the storage management ledger. When the data file is downloaded,
the file splitting and storage location information are searched on the ledger. Then small blocks are retrieved
from multiple servers in parallel, and finally the whole file is aggregated and reconstructed.

Storage Location Selection Strategy
File block storage needs to determine the number of each block backup and storage location in order to achieve the
best storage and access efficiency.
The basic strategy of data files storage is the optimal storage in the global view. A multi-iteration storage scheme with
multiple backups is designed around storage request initiator node and subsequent file storage block nodes. In the
initial block storage, we use the principle of the fastest arrival to ensure the rapid storage of the initial data. In the process of transmission and storage in the follow-up backup block, we use the principle of the furthest distance to ensure
that follow-up file download can achieve fastest download speed in the global perspective.

HitChain Whitepaper

18

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 3 HitChain Technical Solutions

3.3.2 Hit Distributed Hosting Protocol
Git is currently the most widely used code management protocol for software development. Major development communities like GitHub, GitLab and OSChina are all based on Git protocol. But, it has inherent weaknesses such as large file support and slow access to large-scale small files.
HitChain's goal is to overcome the limitation of Git protocol by upgrading to a new Hit protocol which combines
Blockchain technology for more efficient large-scale, distributed software management and service worldwide.
Merkel Tree File Processing is an effective fragmentation file management solution. Before the Hit protocol is
downloaded, the Merkle root of the file is obtained from a trusted source, and the Merkle Tree can be obtained
from untrusted sources. Once the root has been obtained. HitChain will check the received Merkle Tree with a
trusted tree root. If the Merkle Tree is corrupted or fake, HitChain will get another Merkle Tree from another
source until a Merkle Tree that matches the trusted root is received.

VSVS
•
• • High concurrent code
• authentication

• Decentralized transparent
transaction
• Strong social function

•
•
•
• • Incentive mechanism
•
•
•
•

• Zero platform intermediary fee
• Encryption digital identity
authentication
• Artificial intelligence Capability Appraisal

• • File storage optimization
•
• Reliable code transmission
•
• Multi-granularity detection
control
• ......

•
•

• Decentralization
• Storage sharing
• Incentives mechanism

• Developer autonomous
Community
• Income Distribution

Project
hosting

Trusted
transaction

Business
area

Project
hosting

•
• • Focus on project development
• Support for basic social
function

Weak social
function

•
•
Identity
Open-source
and credit
reward
managementH

MTSM

Hit protocol

Value
system

Tool
support

Git business
model

Git
agreement

Free
open-source

Identity
Management

• Developers difficult to get

• paid
• • Private hosting is expensive
•
•
•
• Transfer protocol is not
• secure
• File processing is inefficient

•
Rewarding
system

Distribution

Democracy and voting

Storage
solution

Management
mode

Centralized

Centralized
proprietary
services

Shareholder and
investors centered

• • A single point of failure
• Scalability
• Weak security

• Developers not involves in
community decision-making
• Revenue vested in GitHub,
not much profit sharing for
developers

Comparison between HitChain and GitHub

HitChain Whitepaper

19

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 3 HitChain Technical Solutions

File Storage Optimization
Software development files consist of large binary files including Jar package, design resource base,
SDKs and a large number of small code files. It requires a protocol to effectively store and clean up
large files as well as to read large number of small files instantaneously.
The Hit protocol will build a code management ledger based on blockchain technology and address
the above requirements on a distributed storage platform. A file segmentation algorithm will be
adopted to efficiently split large files into a suitable size then submit them to the distributed storage
platform.
For the optimization of reading a large number of small files, the redundancy of the distributed file
block will improve the efficiency of querying and downloading via parallel downloads.

Multi-Granularity Detection Control
The Git protection mechanism is mainly used for a specific version of an entire repository. It is difficult
to adjust the access to different files based on different access rules.
Hit protocol reconstructs files from different authorization levels based on files’ relationship to
achieve multiple granularity access with a single file as the minimum checkout unit. When submitting
to storage, Hit will record the relationship of files and file permission information in the code management ledger. During the check-out, the file storage location and the relationship of the files are
obtained, and then each file that meets the permission requirements is downloaded and the folder
hierarchy is reconstructed according to the multiple granularity permission rules.

Reliable Transmission of Code Files
As a distributed storage platform, HitChain can store and manage the code data and split and store
the data files to enable reliable data transmission including the resuming from breaking point.
After resuming from interruptions during the code file download and transmission, the entire data file
does not need to be downloaded again and only the incomplete part will be downloaded in blocks.
The specific process is as follows: First, the files are opened and downloaded after splitting into
blocks. The hash values of the file contents mapping is performed to determine whether the file has
been completely downloaded. If the hash value is exactly the same as the pre-stored hash value, it
indicates that the block has been completely downloaded successfully. Otherwise, it indicates that the
sub-block is not completely downloaded, in that case, the sub-block is cleared and new downloading
begins. After all the partitions have been downloaded, Hit will reconstruct blocks into the original data
file.

HitChain Whitepaper

20

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 3 HitChain Technical Solutions

3.3.3 Cross-Chain Authentication Mechanism
HitChain's cross-chain authentication mechanism includes user identity management and copyright identification in order to achieve continuous and effective code copyright protection.

User Identity Management
Each developer in the HitChain community corresponds to a unique identifier that tracks the developer's activities in the community, such as community discussions, transactions, code creation, and
more. The developer identity information is also an important basis for protecting the originality of
developers' works for proof against infringement.
In the HitChain community, developers can also form small groups of common interests or goals.
When creating a group, the developers negotiate the group management model with rights and interests settings. Details include whether new members need to join via invitation, whether the members
of the community can share resources freely, etc.

Copyright Identification
HitChain generates an ECC (Encrypt Copyright Certificate) for original code submitted by the developer
as its unique markup. ECC will be used to effectively support code authentication, authorization, rights
protection, and other services.
The ECC certificate contains the following information:
Code Summary A fixed-length hash of each piece of code as a code summary. Hash functions are input-sensitive, which ensures that different pieces of code are hard to map to the same code summary value.
Code Author User account information in the HitChain community is used to mark the author of the code,
and if the code has been used in another developers' code, the ECC of the code being used is also included.
Creation Time A UTC timestamp ensures the authenticity and reliability of the copyright registration time.
Developers who first make the code and apply obtain the copyright for the code.
Code Authorization The owner specifies how other developers can use original code, including authorization policies and specific implementations. Both parties automatically fulfill the license agreement under
smart contract, and the effect of the agreement fulfillment is accepted and guaranteed by the community.
ECCs are stored in the blockchain to guarantee openness, integrity, and traceability. Any developer can
view code copyrights in the HitChain community at any time, but the content cannot be tampered with.
Depending on the code authorization record it contains, developers can also restore a complete code
usage (authorization) path.
Before generating the ECC, submitted code is analyzed and modeled by natural language processing
and an abstract syntax tree. This analysis extracts the functional code (such as file read and database
access) and business logic code. HitChain performs a multi-dimension al comparison with the registered copyright code and determines whether there is infringement of the submitted code.

HitChain Whitepaper

21

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 3 HitChain Technical Solutions

3.3.4 MTSM(Multi-Task State Machine)
MTSM (Multi-Task State Machine) is HitChain’s multitasking parallel state machine technology, its core mission
is to safeguard the code security of the Open-source management code system, authentication services, Hit
network security, etc.
MTSM runs in parallel with the HitChain system to monitor HitChain system security in real time and ensures
the legitimacy of Hit network data input and output while providing source code authentication services.
The MTSM performs the following three tasks.

① Code Security Management
The MTSM uses a malicious code detection mechanism based on a positive selection classification
algorithm to monitor the Hit fragmented code base in real time in the background. After the code
is input, the MTSM converts the sample file into a hexadecimal format, extracts all the n-grams of
the sample file, calculates N n-gram terms with the maximum information gain, and then normalizes them. The algorithm optimizes the classifier training process, which is better than naive Bayes
and Bayesian network algorithms, supporting vector machine and decision tree algorithms.

② Code Authentication Service
MTSM scans the chain of code base in real-time, using backpropagation to feed an Artificial
Neural Network (ANN) looking for code similarities on the chain. By using the submitted code as
an input vector the neural network can identify similarities in the code using non-linear mapping
between input and output to give code authentication advice or decisions.

③ Security Sandbox Monitoring
MTSM can effectively analyze the active characteristics of the nodes and the legitimacy of the
transaction records by detecting the transaction records such as the time-lapse chain accounts
and the nodes in the chain. When a transaction records an illegal or malicious node, the MTSM
state machine will use an event-driven mechanism to notify the consensus node to promptly
remove the illegal ledger (except the ledger that cannot be tampered with) and remove the malicious spoofing node from the network.

HitChain Whitepaper

22

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 3 HitChain Technical Solutions

3.4 HitChain Applications
HitChain offers a range of client applications so that developers can quickly and easily participate in community activities.

Online Community Platform
HitChain's online community platform supports three types of activities: community operations, asset management, and user interaction. The specific content of each is as follows:

Community Operations
An open and transparent community is important for HitChain to grow as an autonomous autonomous community. All community matters will be governed by Community Committees. The community affairs are published, and developers' opinions and suggestions are collected through an online
platform.

Asset Management
Developers can manage their personal assets and trade with other developers online. Developers
need personal authentication before using asset services to ensure the authenticity and security of
their asset accounts. Safe and reliable asset service protects the legitimate rights and interests of
developers.

User Interaction
With the online platform, developers can engage in a series of interactive activities such as providing
solutions to novel and complex tasks in the form of crowdfunding and bounties. A rich user interaction channel is an effective method to utilize a developer's talent in a collaborative way.

Resource Sharing Management System
HitChain stores the developer's source code in a distributed manner throughout the network. Willing developers contribute their local computing resources to the Resource Sharing management system. The system
provides graphical and command-line management tools to assist developers with configuring shared space
and shared bandwidth.

Hit Client
Developers will use the Hit client to complete code submission, synchronization, and other operations. Hit,
based on Git development, is a major improvement and upgrade to the Git protocol designed to be a Git user-friendly protocol compatible with most of the commands of the Git protocol and allowing Git users to adopt
Hit without requiring additional training.

HitChain Whitepaper

23

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 4 HitChain Economic Model

4.1 Cryptocurrency System

4.2 Value Verification and Distribution

4.3 Contribution Incentive Mechanism

4.4 Developer Value Model

HitChain Whitepaper

24

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 4

Chapter 4 HitChain Economic Model

HitChain Economic Model

HitChain is a global ecosystem of Open-source applications based on an Open-source philosophy and Blockchain technology, which is of the developers, by the developers, for the developers.
HitChain's economic model includes three major value transfer scenarios: reward for sharing of idle computing resources, public reward for community contributions, and transactions involving developers’ works. The
first two are the main approach to obtain cryptocurrency, and the last one is the main marketplace of cryptocurrency circulation.

4.1 Cryptocurrency System
In HitChain, participants or users are defined as developers generally. They actually are software developers, miners, Open-source software users, Open-source application services agencies, certification authorities,
third-party component developers, education and research institutions, business partners and more. In the
HitChain system, all community participants are decentralized co-hosts and co-governors who work together
for code hosting, copyright management, crowdfunding, paid use, basic network construction, resource sharing and so on as per HitChain’s framework.
Resource

C2C Trade

Reward

Copyright
Authorization
Code Hosting

Mining Reward
Hit Coin

Gas Coin
Advanced
Service

Voting Right

…….

…….
Hitchain's Monetary System and Circulation Scenarios

The cryptocurrency is the core coordination mechanism. HitChain uses a dual token system: basic token and
fuel token.

The base token is used in the following scenarios:
C2C Trade to pay for HitChain operating expenses including code hosting, copyright management,
crowdfunding rewards, paid use and so on.
Copyright Authorization
Voting Right

To fund the transfer of copyrights and intellectual property.

Weighted Voting Rights.

Code Hosting When fuel tokens are not enough to pay, basic tokens are automatically converted into
fuel tokens to ensure the deal is completed.

HitChain Whitepaper

25

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 4 HitChain Economic Model

Fuel tokens are used in the following scenarios:
Mining Reward Miners provide the basic network infrastructure and the cost of the transaction ledger
Resource Reward Fees charged by P2P resource sharers.
Advanced Service Fees for advanced service
It is important to note that before the launch of HitChain, the ERC-20 token - HIT based on Ethereum will be used for
rewards and operations. Once HitChain is online, ERC-20 will be exchanged for HitChain Token (HIT) at a one to one
ratio.

4.2 Value Verification and Distribution
HitChain adopts a decentralized approach to distributed computing therefore encourages users to share storage space like CPU or GPU computing resources and network bandwidth to build a robust network infrastructure. The community will reward resource contributors on the rule of "contributing early returns early and
more contributions provide more returns". For certain amounts of computing resources, the earlier contributor will get more returns than the late comer. Similarly, in terms of contribution value, the higher the scarcity of
contribution resources and the greater the number of resources, the higher rewards. Specifically, the reward
formula for a certain resource r (such as 300M storage space) contributed by a certain contributor at time t (as
of January 1, 2018, 12:00) is as follows:

Among them, λt and λr are the revenue reconciliation factors, which are used to weigh the proportion between

the time dimension and the value dimension. Tinit indicates that the community is open to the ratio of time

Tcon

(Tinit) to resource contribution time (Tcon), which are used to ensure that the earlier participants share the re-

Rcon

source, the higher the reward is.
Rtotal represents the ratio of resource contribution Rcon to the total amount of
community idle resources Rtotal, used to ensure the larger the participation of resource sharing is, the higher
the reward is. Ir is the coefficient of the importance of such resource r in the calculation of the current overall
community behavior. For example, for a programmer who needs to submit a specific behavior of uploading
100 lines of code, let's assume that we need 1M storage and 10kb / s of bandwidth, and the current 100M of
free space in the community and 1kb / s of upstream bandwidth. Then for this scenario, the urgency of storage
space is much less than bandwidth so the contributors of the bandwidth will earn more than contributors of
storage space. Ir coefficients are calculated from a global perspective based on the results of monitoring and
analysis of all transactions in a particular phase of the community and are subject to change as the community
evolves.

HitChain Whitepaper

26

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 4 HitChain Economic Model

4.3 Contribution Incentive Mechanism
HitChain aims at creating a autonomous community of the developers, by the developers, for the developers.
The community will reward members who make contributions by bringing promising software projects and
valuable ideas to the community.

4.3.1 Content Incentive
Good software projects are the cornerstone of an Open-source community. After decades of roaring development, tens of thousands of software products are on the market with varying levels of quality. In order to
attract premium software projects to HitChain, rewards will be given to based on the a five-dimension assessment: popularity, project maturity, code health, development team, and project development trend. The five
dimensions are as shown in the following table.
Measurement
dimension

Popularity

Metrics
Total download

The number of software downloads in major hosting
communities

Reuse numbers

The number of other projects that rely on this specific
software

User trending

Project maturity

Maintenance period
Attention received
Debug speed
Bug fix rate

Code health
Static code quality
Team size
Team health

Personnel growth
Continuous contribution

Project development trend

Metrics description

Commits activity

User trending of software in major knowledge sharing communities, related technical introduction, and
training materials.
Years of maintenance from inception to migration
Number of fork star watch
The average debug time
Bug fix rate
Analysis metrics for static code quality checking tools
that cover vulnerability risk, complexity, code style,
annotation rate, etc.
Numbers of contributors
The Percentage of new contributors in the current
period
The percentage of contributors who contributed to
the current time period from the previous time period
Increase of commits

Task increase

Increase of project tasks

Attention trend

Numbers of new follows

HitChain Whitepaper

27

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 4 HitChain Economic Model

Based on the above five dimensions of quantitative assessment, we can measure the quality of the migrated
items through the subspace below the 5-space surface after normalization. The corresponding reward calculation method is as follows, where f(xp) is the surface function of the project P to be migrated, xp∈X is a concrete
measure for each dimension.

Since it is difficult to clearly illustrate the above ideas in high-dimensional space, we briefly describe the basic
idea of ​​this method with two dimensions, namely code health and team health. Suppose we have two projects
P1 and P2 to be migrated, where P1 has a code health of 0.6, a team health of 0.3, a project P2 code health
of 0.4, and a team health of 0.6. In two-dimensional space, P1 can be expressed as coordinates (0.6,0.3), P2
coordinates (0.4,0.6), after drawing that P1 surface function can be expressed as a blue plane, P2 red plane.
Therefore, the quality of P1 is the value corresponding to the blue plane area. The quality of the P2 project is
the value corresponding to the red plane area, that is, the quality of the two projects is quantified. Similarly,
in high-dimensional space, the quality of the project can correspond to the volume under the surface, and the
specific quantitative values can
​​
be obtained by double integral.
Code Health

（0.6，0.3）
（0.4，0.6）

Team Health
Software Project Evaluation Model

4.3.2 Community Building Incentive
HitChain encourages members to express their opinions as to how to build a democratic and open community.
In return the community will reward members with the digital currency. The community will conduct multiple
rounds of screening of the opinions collected by all members and evaluate each for feasibility and effectiveness. Finally, HitChain will reward the best opinions based on the actual effect. The calculation for reward is as
follows:

Where T is the observation window of the practical application of the opinion, for example, the community
may stipulate that its effect is observed in a period of one month or three months. E is the value of the observed observations during the T-th observation window. For example, communities have improved their
platform services to appeal to users due to the opinion of developers. If the community designates a unit of
token for the comment provider for every new user added, the number of new users added during an observation period is the total benefit that the opinion has achieved during the observation period. The program will
enable those whose opinions produce long-term benefit to receive more reward.

HitChain Whitepaper

28

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 4 HitChain Economic Model

4.4 Developer Value Model
Developers can conduct C2C transactions in HitChain. Common trading scenarios are as follows:

Code Transaction
When a developer wants to use someone else’s original code, they need to accept the license agreement and pay for it. There are two alternative strategies for code authorization: (a) Pay Then Use
(PTU), which allows the buyer to pay the HIT required by the owner once. After the payment is completed, the buyer ceases to have any obligation to the owner for use of the code. (B) Earn Then Pay
(ETP), the buyer only pays HIT to the owner after the buyer makes profit from the code purchased.

Mission Reward
When developers encounter difficulty, they can post mission rewards. The bounty hunter who provides the solution will receive an appropriate reward based on two rules. First, one winner either
handpicked by the task publisher or determined by the platform as the best solution through multidimensional assessment will take all the reward. Second, the reward will be shared by all users who
provide the right solution. Each winner will get a bonus share of M / 2n, where M is the total bonus
amount, n is the number of winners, the sooner the correct solution is provided, the more rewards
will be earned.

Consultation Service
Developers can also consult with experts and pay the price set by the expert. Because each developer's capabilities and charges are open and transparent, users can make the most economical choices
based on actual need.

Social Interaction
In HitChain, developers can conduct a series of social interactions. For example, when a developer
broadcasts the code on the platform directly, the viewer can offer reward freely.

Information Subscription
To keep up to the latest developments in related fields, developers can subscribe to the updates from
interested developers and get notifications regarding online and offline tech lectures or meetings.

Creative Crowdfunding
Interested users can invest money or technology through crowdfunding on HitChain. These inputs are
recorded in the blockchain transparently to protect investors’ interest.

Project Collaboration
HitChain provides a decentralized collaborative project solution that makes it easy for Open-source
projects. Any community user who reaches a certain level of reputation can become a project sponsor
and call on community developers to join and give incentives to them.

HitChain Whitepaper

29

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 5
HitChain Strategic Planning

5.1 Community Governance Structure

5.2 HitChain Roadmap

HitChain Whitepaper

30

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 5

Chapter 5 HitChain Strategic Planning

HitChain Strategic Planning

5.1 Community Governance Structure
HitChain will set up Community Governance Committees to ensure the community’s sustainable development.
The committees are elected by all community members and act on behalf of all community members.

5.1.1 Committee Organization
As shown in the figure below, there is a decision-making committee and various affiliated functional committees. The decision-making committee oversees the community at large while the functional committees are in
charge of specified fields.
Decision-Making Committee
Oversees the Community

Technical Committee

Market Committee

Risk Control Committee

Advisory Committee

Responsible for the
development, testing, and
deployment of the
platform and systems

Responsible for
community marketing,
advertisement

Responsible for
risk assessment,
policy stipulation

Responsible for giving
independent advice and
formulating strategic plans
for the community

HitChain Commitee Governance Structure

5.1.2 Committee Regulations
HitChain sets the rules for community committees to ensure that they truly serve the community. Community committees will serve more as organizers than policymakers and use fair and transparent mechanisms to
safeguard the community’s autonomy.

Personnel Appointments and Dismissals
The first committee consists of the founding team of HitChain, Open-source and blockchain experts,
key investors, and consultants. Follow-up bids will be made every two years for a new term. Members
of the next committee will be elected by the community through voting. The members of the committee are eligible for re-election. The members of the previous committee have the right to nominate
candidates for the next committee. During the non-commission election period, vacancies will be
replaced by users nominated by the committee and voted by the community.
If a member of the committee commits any illegal activities during the tenure, they will be dismissed
on the spot and permanently banned from re-entry at any level. If members of the committee fail
to fulfill their duties or make serious mistakes during their term, they may be dismissed upon the
proposal of other committee members and a vote by the community. Dismissed committee member
retain their right to re-enter the committee through voting for future terms.
HitChain Whitepaper

31

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 5 HitChain Strategic Planning

Voting System
All members of the HitChain community have voting rights. Polls initiated by community committees
and any proposals require at least half of valid votes at pass. Each member’s voting power is different
based on his competency appraisal and credit grade calculated by underlining algorithm.

5.2 HitChain Roadmap

2019
Continuous Investment on Community
and Optimization

Q2 2019
HitChain Public Chain online

Q2 2019
Hit protocol First Release

Q4 2018
HitChain Community online

Q3 2018
Launch Development and Token Sale

Q1 2018
HitChain team set up

Strategic development roadmap

HitChain Whitepaper

32

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 6
HitChain Founding Team and Advisor Team

6.1 HitChain Founding Team

6.2 HitChain Advisor Team

HitChain Whitepaper

33

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 6

HitChain Founding Team and Advisor Team

6.1 HitChain Founding Team
Jiang Li (Australia)

Leon Li (Hong Kong)

Chairman and director of Hitchain Foundation; CTO of
Microsoft China. He has held the post of global senior
technology management for a long-term. He has a deep
insight and extensive network of contacts in the international IT industry. He has profound accumulation in field
of Blockchain, Cloud Computing and Open-source Ecology and deep understanding of blockchain application
and its value. He is responsible for the overall operation
and strategy of HitChain, and for promoting Hitchain
Community and Hit Protocol, attracting global developers to build a developer autonomous community which
can surpass Github.

Director of Hitchain Foundation, open-source expert at
Intel, first RHCA Certified Architect in Greater China Area.
He served on technical positions in many global soft companies. He will be leading the construction of open-source
system in the HitChain team.

Khee Joo Tan (Singapore)

Jerry Li (China)

Director of Hitchain Foundation, farmer TIBCO CTO
in APAC. He served as technology executives in lots of
transnational soft corporations. He has over 30 years of
working experience in APAC software industry. He is responsible for international promotion and business development in the HitChain team.

Git Protocol Expert; Former CDO of Gitee of OSChina.
He has over 10 years of experience in research, development and management of products. He is responsible
for the development and management of Git Protocol
and framework and design of code hosting platform and
he will engage in promotion and operation of community.

Thomas Tan(U.S.)

Zhao Chen (China)

Data scientist; Ph.D. of Computer Science – Software Engineering at University of Southern California. Currently he serves as a distribute storage expert in branch of
IBM in L.A. He will be responsible for the development
of IPFS-based code distributed storage protocol in the
HitChain team.

Senior open source technology architect. He has served
as the chief architect of Foreveross. He has years of R&D
experience for large enterprise applications and utilizing
open source. He is responsible for the technical work of
the distributed architecture of the HitChain code hosting
system.

Nick Ma(Japan)
Core contributor and maintainer at OpenStack Foundation; Chief Cloud Architect at Telexistence Inc (Japan). He is
responsible for the framework, key module research, and
development in the HitChain team.

HitChain Whitepaper

34

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

6.2 HitChain Advisor Team
Jia Tian

David Wu

Chief Scientist of cortexlabs.ai, early adopter and longtime supporter of bitcoin since 2011. He majors in distributed systems and acquired BS/MS degree from dept.
CS&T, Tsinghua University. Tian served as Chief Scientist
in the first bitcoin fund in China, bitfund and was an early
supporter of Zerocoin upon its incarnation since 2013,
which later became Zcash and Tian joined the Zcash voting committee. He also invested in Bitfinex as a shareholder. Tian is also a serial entrepreneur. As an system
architect, he joined multiple startups which became or
was sold to giants later in their field such as Shenma Inc.

Currently the managing partner in the financial services
consulting department and the performance improvement in financial services at Ernst & Young Greater China.
He has more than 25 years of working experience in investment, financial management consulting and IT implementation services.

Zhongyang Chen
Professor and doctor tutor of the school of finance at
Renmin University of China; Senior researcher at the
Chongyang Institute of Finance; Fulbright scholar at the
United States State Department; Famous expert in the
field of finance and risk management and a policy researching specialist.

Zhongxing Xu
Chief Scientist at 360 Code Guardian. Doctor of Engineering at Chinese Academy of Sciences. He is one of the
first people in China to participate in the research and
development of the world's top open-source basic software projects. Famous developer in international opensource field.

Haobo Ma
Founder of Aelf, expert of blockchain industry, early practitioner in field of digital asset. He served as CTO at Gempay
and CTO at AllCoin. He is the current member of Blockchain
Experts Committee of the Chinese Institute of Electronics
and Blockchain Experts Committee of China Computer
Federation.

Binsheng Wang
Distinguished professor of graduate school at Chinese
Academy Social Sciences; Doctor of economic; Consultant
of Organization of Blockchain Associations for Development; Early investor of digital asset; Disseminator of idea
of blockchain.

HitChain Whitepaper

35

A Developer Autonomous Community Powered by Blockchain

Chapter 7

Chapter 6 Conclusion

Conclusion

HitChain will offer a global decentralized, transparent and autonomous
collaboration platform based on blockchain technology. This is a natural
evolution of the Open-source philosophy and an upgrade to existing tools
and protocols. By overthrowing the long-standing centralized and hierarchal structures of software production and distribution developers will be
empowered to own more of their own work and efforts. HitChain is only a
platform catalyst, the real value will come from the thousands of incredible
software projects built, managed, sold, and traded on the HitChain.

HitChain Whitepaper

36

