+

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ANNOTATION ............................................................................................................. 3
INTRODUCTION ........................................................................................................... 5
A COMPREHENSIVE OVERVIEW OF THE GLOBAL FILM INDUSTRY ................................................. 7
KEY INDICATORS AND CHARACTERISTICS OF THE WORLD OF FILM PRODUCTION ............................. 7
EXISTING INVESTMENT INSTRUMENTS OF THE CINEMA INDUSTRY ............................................ 14
TRENDS OF DEVELOPMENT OF THE WORLD CINEMA INDUSTRY ................................................ 16
MODERN PROBLEMS OF THE CINEMA INDUSTRY IN THE COUNTRIES WITH THE DEVELOPED ECONOMY 19
SOLVING THE PROBLEMS OF THE CINEMA INDUSTRY - THE PURPOSE OF HOLLYWOODCOIN .............. 22
THE ROAD MAP OF THE PROJECT DEVELOPMENT ................................................................. 23
THE PLAN OF GEOGRAPHICAL EXPANSION OF THE HOLLYWOODCOIN PROJECT ............................. 26
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATION OF HOLLYWOODCOIN ................................................................ 27
TARGETED DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS ................................................................................ 28
HOLLYWOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM ....................................................................................... 29
HOLLYWOODCOIN PLATFORM ........................................................................................ 31
PROSPECTS OF HOLLYWOODCOIN .................................................................................... 35
BENEFITS FOR PARTNERS ............................................................................................. 36
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS ............................................................................................... 38

2

ANNOTATION

The great motivation for the development of the Hollywoodcoin project to my
team is not only the personal confidence that we will turn the whole industry
upside down, but also the fact that the negotiations on partnership with the biggest
players of film have crowned loud and constructive support on their part.
– Dev Johnson, the founder

This document examines the problems and challenges of the international market of film
(in particular, the US and Canadian markets), the ability to change the existing
technological paradigm,

as

well as

business and technical aspects of the

HOLLYWOODCOIN company solutions that will capitalize on the potential of this change.
Ideas and solutions of HOLLYWOODCOIN are based on real problems and needs of the
film industry. In developing the concept of the project a comprehensive event aimed at
research and practical application was conducted:
 statistics data of American Film Industry Association and European Audiovisual
Observatory;
 laws and regulations;
 data of various thematic surveys and studies;
 information about the film industry from open sources of information;
 diverse experiences of HOLLYWOODCOIN team work in all existing areas of
filmmaking.
The study was conducted using the system and comparative analysis methods, using
graphical and statistical methods. The following were thoroughly investigated: the
dynamics of the film production world market; especially the development and funding
of the national film markets (the US and Canadian ones); contribution to the film industry
in the development of the economies of various countries.
The main objective of the study was to identify the key problems, constraints and
challenges faced by the industry stakeholders at all the existing stages of film production.

3

The purpose of the study is the development of complex, technologically advanced
solutions to all the problems identified, in other words - the creation of a new
infrastructure of the sector to change the existing technological paradigm.
The results of the study - the conclusions about the current state of the industry, key
problems and challenges, as well as solutions offered by HOLLYWOODCOIN team - are
presented herein.

4

INTRODUCTION

At the moment, entertainment industry, including such a creative direction as film
industry, is actively growing. The notion of cinematograph today consists of two
components: the art of filmmaking and the film industry itself, where movies are created
and shown to the public. In some countries the film industry is a significant sector of the
economy, capable of generating the incomes that are high enough. It should be
emphasized that cinema in general is also a powerful cultural propaganda tool.
Today the world's largest (by the number of the movies released and the volume of box
office takings) is the US film industry. However, according to experts` opinions, it may be
soon overtaken by China in volume of box office takings (including due to the active
deployment of the cinema network). The film industry of India is also a promising one,
making its bet on the movies with the national specificity. However, the global market
will continue to be dominated by the Hollywood content. American film companies
(major ones): Warner Bros. Paramount Pictures, the Walt Disney Company will remain
the leaders of the industry. The main advantages of the US are their experience in the
expertise and selection of films, advanced film production and distribution infrastructure.
As for the integral performance of the sector on a global scale, the growth speed is
gradually slowing down. In 2016, according to the American Movies Association, total
world box office takings grew by only 1% compared to 2015, to 38.6 billion. In this case,
the driver of growth is Asia (Japan, India, China) and as for film distribution, the leader in
growth in the number of cinema screens is the Asian-Pacific region (+18% compared to
2015). It`s important to note that there is only the quantitative growth, while in the
developed countries there are qualitative changes (new technologies in cinema halls,
service range expansion, etc.).
The process of cinematic progress is closely interrelated with economic and technological
progress. The development of new technologies in the film industry and the ways of
selling video content, including new, innovative solutions to monetize films that will
increase its influence on cinematograph.
The film industry performs cultural, social and economic functions in the countries with
the developed film industry. The products of this industry in terms of sales in the modern

5

world is the basis of mass culture and it represents itself as an integral part of the elite
culture.
The film industry plays an important role in the development of the economics, for
example, in providing jobs in the direct and collateral production and distribution; in the
development of a network of small businesses; in increases in the tax base; in the positive
trade balance.
A study of the film production financing in modern conditions is an important task, since
in the context of globalization the number of players on the global cinema market is
growing, new world centers of film production and new technologies of production and
distribution of films are emerging, causing changes in schemes of funds attracting and
returning; moreover, the global financial crisis creates additional problems for both
major studios and small independent companies.
According to the forecasts of researchers, film industry will be the one of the five leading
sectors of the world`s economics by 2040. The yield of the world film industry in the next
10 years will increase by a half. In the modern world, there is a dynamic development of
new film-production centers. This creates an increased interest in the problems of
development and specificities of national film production markets funding of the leading
countries.

6

A COMPREHENSIVE OVERVIEW OF THE GLOBAL FILM INDUSTRY

According to the widely accepted definition, the film industry is the industry producing
films, special effects for films (including computer graphics) and animation. The film
production usually takes place at the studios.
Nowadays films are shown in cinemas (both stationary and online ones), on television,
distributed on physical media – DVD and Blu-Ray (the regressing industry branch
because of the global spread of the Internet).
In many countries, the film industry is a significant sector of the economics. However, the
cinema is not only the direction of contemporary art and profitable segment of the
national economy, but also a complete social institution. It can have a significant impact
on the society, shaping the minds of the audience. The development of the own film
industry in the era of globalization is also a necessary condition for preserving the
national identity.

KEY INDICATORS AND CHARACTERISTICS OF THE WORLD OF FILM PRODUCTION

According to analytical agencies, over 6 thousand movies are produced every year in the
world in the twenty-first century. All producing countries, according to the settled
practice, can be divided into four key groups according to the number of released (mainly
commercial) films:
 Group A (500 films a year and more).
This category includes the leaders of the film industry: United States, China, India and
Japan with the prevalence of Asian players. The US film industry is the largest in the
world in total by the number of films produced and the amount of box office takings.
According to the Bureau of Economic Analysis, USA, the share of the film industry in the
country`s GDP is 3.2% (including TV). For comparison, the share of machine-building and
agriculture is 1.2 and 1.3%.

7

Moreover, the American cinema (Hollywood and independent cinema) has a significant
impact on the content and techniques of the world cinema, on the economic and cultural
aspects of cinema. The main advantages of the USA are experience in the expertise and
selection of films, advanced film production and distribution infrastructure (although the
growth of cinemas networks has slowed down) and a large number of film stars in the
world. All the biggest blockbusters in the world over the last 20 years are the production
of American film companies (see table. 1).

Table 1. TOP 10 highest grossing films in the world
№

Film

Year

Country

Budget
mln USD

World box office
takings, bln USD

237

2,8

200

2,1

1

Avatar

2009

2

1997
2015

USA

245

2,1

4

Titanic
Star Wars: The Force
Awakens
Jurassic World

Great
Britain, USA
USA

2015

USA

150

1,7

5

The Avengers

2012

USA

220

1,5

6

Fast and furious 7
The Avengers: The Age of
Ultron
Harry Potter and the
Deathly Hallows: Part II
Frozen

2015

USA

190

1,5

2015

USA

250

1,4

2011

USA

125

1,3

2013

USA

150

1,3

2017

USA

250

1,2

3

7
8
9

10 Fast and furious 8

The major film companies of the world are also in US: Warner Bros. 20th Century Fox,
Paramount Pictures, Sony Pictures, Walt Disney Company, Columbia Pictures and
Universal Pictures. The US majors are actively investing in the film industry of other
countries in order to increase profits and strengthen their own positions. More and more
American filmmakers are choosing to shoot in the Scandinavian countries or Asia. The
main reasons are tax breaks, compensatory payments and grants from local support
funds.
As for China, the film industry in the country has developed rapidly in the past few years
(30-40% per year, according to experts). At the moment, it is the second largest film

8

industry in the world. According to analysts, in the near future, China could overtake the
United States due to active growth of the cinemas network (according to analytical
agencies, currently in the USA there are 93 networks and in China – more than 400).
Despite the fact that the global market will continue to be dominated by the Hollywood
audiovisual content, the film distribution market of China will be dominated by local
filmmakers, due to the system of quotas for local and foreign films adopted by the
country.
Currently, India (Bollywood) is also one of the world's largest film producers (more than
1 thousand films a year). According to the statistics of public organizations and analytical
companies, basing on the results of 2010, it managed to beat the US in the number of the
films produced. The reason is the active state support of national cinematography.
However, in other indicators, it is harder for India to compete with the American film
industry.
Japan was able to occupy a leading position due to the genre cinema, such as thrillers,
horror and specific animation.
 Group B (200 to 500 films a year).
There are mainly the countries of Western Europe. In particular, France (leader in
Europe), UK, Germany and Spain. The largest film studios in the region are located in
these states: Bavaria Film, EuropaCorp, Gaumont, EON Productions, BRB International,
etc. According to the European Audiovisual Observatory, currently the proportion of
national films in the theaters of European countries is more than 40% (remaining 60%
belong to the American film industry). Moreover, there is a gradual increase in screen
time for European films because of protectionist policies in Europe.
 Group C (100 to 200 films a year).
This category mostly includes countries of Latin America (Brazil, Argentina, etc.) whose
films are popular among Spanish-speaking countries.
 Group D (up to 100 films per year): other countries.
We`d like to specially note Nigeria (Nollywood) and Pakistan (Lollywood), where,
according to estimates by industry analysts, local production is more popular than the
Hollywood`s one.

9

The global film industry is actively developing. It has been increasingly influenced by such
factors as the emergence of new production technologies (especially digital ones), of new
sales methods of audiovisual content (including via the Internet), as well as further
globalization of the film industry. However, the growth rate of box office takings
worldwide is gradually slowing down.
According to the Motion Picture Association of America – MPAA, in the last five years, the
volume of box office takings is growing on average by only 1.5% per year (thus 60-70% of
the takings is international hire). This can be explained by the increasing economic
problems in certain regions, the informatization of the society (active penetration of the
Internet on the background of the rising sales of mobile devices and the global spread of
online piracy), as well as the peculiarities of national psychology.
In 2016, the global volume of box office takings, according to the Motion Picture
Association of America, has grown in comparison with 2015 by about 1%, to 38.6 billion.
The North American market (USA and Canada) increased by 2%, to $ 11.4 billion. Takings
in Asia grew by 5%, to 14.9 billion. Leaders of growth in the Asian region are Japan
(+26%) and India (+28%).

Source: Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA)

Figure 1. Box office takings on a global scale, billion USD.

10

However, China remains a leading market by volume of the takings (6.6 billion dollars),
which, however, decreased by 1% in 2016 compared to indicators of 2015.
In Latin America the volume of box office takings dropped by 18% compared to 2015. The
main reason is the devaluation of national currencies. So, in 2016, takings in Mexico
dropped by 15%, in Argentina by 37%, and in Venezuela – 31%. The only country in the
region experiencing the growth was Brazil (+5%).

Table 2. Leading countries in terms of box office takings in 2015-2016
Place in 2016
(2015)
1 (1)
2 (3)
3 (4)
4 (2)
5 (6)
6 (5)
7 (7)
8 (8)
9 (9)
10 (12)
11 (11)
12 (10)
Referencial:

Country
China
Japan
India
Great Britain
France
South Korea
Germany
Australia
Mexico
Brazil
Italy
Russian Federation
USA + Canada

Box office takings
in 2016 bln, USD

Box office takings in
2015 г., bln, USD

6,6
2,0
1,9
1,7
1,6
1,5
1,1
0,9
0,8
0,7
0,7
0,7
11,4

6,8
1,8
1,6
1,9
1,4
1,5
1,3
0,9
0,9
0,7
0,7
0,8
11,1

Source: Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA)
In the EMEA region, which includes Western and Eastern Europe (including Russia),
Middle East and Africa, box office takings in 2016 declined by 2%. The worst were the
film markets of Germany (-13%) and the UK (-10%). However, the largest European
market in dollar terms was the United Kingdom in 2016 (1.7 billion dollars). According to
experts, the main reason for its decline is the depreciation of the national currency. While
box office takings in France and Italy increased by the results of 2016 by 6 and 5%,
respectively. In other EMEA countries the mixed dynamics is also observed.

11

As for the film show, according to the IHS analytical agency, in 2016 there were about 164
thousand cinemas in the world (+8% indicator of 2015). And more than 90% of them are
digital. The absolute leader in terms of growth in number of screens became the AsiaPacific region (+18% compared to 2015).

Figure 2. The number of cinemas of different sizes in the world in 2016
(in regional context)
70
6,5

60

12,9
50

40

30

0,9

25,9

1,5

22,1
46,9

20

10

16,7

18,3

6,9
5,2

0
USA + Canada

Analog cinemas

EMEA

Asian-Pacific area

Digital cinemas

Latin America

3D Digital cinemas

Source: IHS data

12

In 2016, according to IHS, the number of premium format cinemas1 increased (+11%),
which indicates the willingness of the audience to view higher quality audiovisual
content.

Table 3. The spread of cinema halls in the premium format in the world, 2016

2014

2015

2016

2016 (% of
total number
of screens)

USA and Canada

763

889

945

2%

EMEA

191

248

295

1%

Asian-Pacific area

558

763

859

1%

Latin America

154

205

231

2%

TOTAL

1,7

2,1

2,3

1%

Region

Source: IHS data

Investing in film production involves high risks. According to international experts,
commercial success is only one in ten film projects. However, the box office success of the
film can compensate for the previous loss-making films for the studio.

1

Premium movie screens (PLF) are characterized by huge screens, super-bright and clear image,
multidimensional sound, providing the effect of full presence.

13

EXISTING INVESTMENT INSTRUMENTS OF THE CINEMA INDUSTRY

The funding of the film industry, i.e. availability of effective schemes of funds attraction
and return are the key issues for the development of film production.
Relying on the world experience of the film production financing, all existing investment
tools can be divided into four key groups:
 Own resources. As a rule, the film company funds are insufficient and producers
actively attract foreign investment.
 State funding. Government support plays a significant role in the development of
cinema in most countries of the world. State funding is well developed in the
developed countries of Western Europe and in the rapidly developing countries of
Asia. In the USA, the state support of cinema does not exist in the financial plan
(the grant system), but there are various supporting government programs (tax
incentives, rebates system, granting, etc.).
 Borrowed funds. Here we are talking mainly about bank lending under the pledge
of the rights for remuneration for the pre-sale agreement; under the pledge of the
rights for films or secured copyright from the library of audiovisual content.
However, Bank interest rates on loans to companies is actively growing and the
number of banks willing to lend to risky filmmaking, remains small.
 Obtained funds. In the world practice traditional and innovative ways of attracting
investment to the film industry are widely used. For example, such as prepurchase agreements, product placement, co-production, fundraising and
crowdfunding. Read more about these tools to attract capital:


Pre-sale agreement is a contract under which the company-copyright holder
shall, upon completion of the production process of the film, transfer the
right to use the received content to the extent defined by the document, to
another party (film distribution organization, TV channel, etc.) for a certain
monetary reward, part of which may be paid in advance.



Product placement is one of the most popular tools for raising capital in the
world of the cinema. Product placement is a form of promotion and
placement of goods or products on the media for advertising purposes. At
the moment the most common formats of mutual settlements between the

14

company and the advertiser are: payment for advertising in money terms;
conducting advertising and PR-campaigns by the advertiser, at the same time
promoting the film and the products placed in it (cross-promotion), as well
as providing the opportunity for gratuitous use of the the advertiser`s
products in the process of filming.


Co-production – joint production of films by film companies from different
countries on mutually beneficial terms. The main advantages of such
cooperation are the possibility of obtaining state support in each of the
countries of the companies origin; quality access to foreign markets and
exchange of professional experience. The most popular joint film production
is in countries of Western Europe and North America.



Fundraising – attraction of external resources, third-party for the film
companies, required for the implementation of the project. The main forms
of attracting resources through fundraising are charity, patronage,
sponsorship and grants. The format of the capital raising is particularly
popular in the production of non-commercial and low budget films.



Crowdfunding – an innovative investment tool. It is a collective, founded on a
voluntary basis, financing of the project, information about which is posted
by the author on the specialized Internet platform. An essential condition for
the order placement is the establishment of certain type rewards for
potential donors (e.g., the placement of thanks in the film credits, invitation
for a supporting role, the invitation to tour the shooting site, etc.).

15

TRENDS OF DEVELOPMENT OF THE WORLD CINEMA INDUSTRY

Cinema continues to be the largest type of art for quite a long period of time. In the short
term, global players are likely to be switched: China may become the world leader
(leaving the US behind), where the film industry is booming, including through powerful
protectionist measures. However, it is expected that Hollywood video content will
continue to dominate the global rental market. However, box office takings will grow at a
moderate pace on a global scale. As for the film show, there are two key trends in the
world: in mature markets, the film networks are oriented at quality development, while in
the emerging markets there will be a significant quantitative increase in the cinemas
networks.
The global film industry will demonstrate positive dynamics in the next few years.
According to forecasts of the industry experts, during this period more than 6 thousand
films a year will be produced in the world, not including alternative content. The main
filmmaking countries will remain the United States, China, India and Japan. At the same
time, Japan and India will continue to rely on genre cinema.

Source: based on the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) and
PricewaterhouseCoopers
Figure 3. The dynamics of box office takings on a global scale in 2012-2016 and the
forecast for 2020, billion dollars.
The global market

of film distribution will also grow.

According to

the

PricewaterhouseCoopers analysts, its volume will increase to 52 billion dollars in 2020

16

(average annual growth rate - 7-9%). For comparison: in 2016, according to the
Association of American Cinema (Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA)) this
figure was 38.6 billion dollars.
A powerful driver of growth will be the Chinese market. The rapid dynamics of the Asian
film industry, is primarily due to the demographic factor (the population of China was 1.4
billion people in 2016, according to the World Bank) and the active development of the
national film network. But despite this, Hollywood audiovisual content (in particular,
blockbusters) will continue to dominate the global market.

Table 4. The volume of box office takings in 2015 and the forecast for 2020 in the world's
most actively developing film markets, billion USD
USA+Canada China

India

RF

Worldwide

Volume of the film
distribution in 2015

11,2

6,4

1,7

0,7

39,0

Volume of the film
distribution market in 2020

11,9

15,2

2,8

0,8

52,0

Market share in 2020, %

22,8

29,3

5,4

1,5

100

Source: based on data from PricewaterhouseCoopers, Motion Picture Association of
America (MPAA), MED forecast and own calculations

As for the direction of the film show, according to the forecasts of the analytical agencies,
there will be around 200,000 screens in the world in 2020. The leader in the deployment
of the national cinema will be China, which has a high potential for growth. According to
the calculations of Chinese experts, about 40,000 cinemas are required to adequately
cover the population (for comparison, in the US and Canada there were about 43,500
screens in 2016, according to IHS).
Active development of the viewers infrastructure is also due to tax benefits provided by
the state, as well as due to a regular increase in the quota for the rental of foreign films in
cinemas.

17

It should be noted that the developed American and European film markets have long
been oriented primarily on qualitative changes in the existing network (improving the
level of service, expanding the range of services provided, equipping the cinema halls with
new technological solutions), rather than quantitative ones. For this reason, in the
markets of Western countries there is a slowdown in the growth of film networks - up to
6-8% per year, according to analytical agencies.
With regard to online cinema display, we can note the potential growth of specialized
legal video services of the VOD2 and OTT3 formats.
A strong growth factor for the segment will be a steady inflow of new Internet users, in
particular, due to the users of mobile devices, such as smartphones and tablets. However,
pirate resources will also develop, despite active opposition to the illegal consumption of
audiovisual content, carried out by all countries of the world.

Figure 4. The growth in the number of Internet users in the world, billion people.

Source: ITU data, e-Marketer

2

Video on Demand (VOD) are systems which allow users to select and watch/listen to video or audio content
such as movies and TV shows when they choose to, rather than having to watch at a specific broadcast time,
which was the prevalent approach with over-the-air broadcasting during much of the 20th century. IPTV
technology is often used to bring VOD to televisions and personal computers.
3

Over the top (OTT) is a media distribution practice that allows a streaming content provider to sell audio,
video, and other media services directly to the consumer over the internet via streaming media as a
standalone product, bypassing telecommunications, cable or broadcast television service providers that
traditionally act as a controller or distributor of such content.

18

MODERN PROBLEMS OF THE CINEMA INDUSTRY IN THE COUNTRIES WITH THE
DEVELOPED ECONOMY

For the people who are accustomed to seeing Hollywood as a dream factory, it is difficult
to imagine the film business as a powerful machine that makes huge money on the human
craving for shows and performances. But for the team of the HOLLYWOODCOIN founders
and developers, the financial bottomlessness and in fact the cinema monopoly of
Hollywood is a long-known fact.
The HOLLYWOODCOIN team includes the specialists in the field of filmmaking with
various competencies, but still the all are sure of one thing: in the industry there is an
extremely urgent need for an innovative solution to existing problems and constraints
that currently cause significant harm to both the quality of films and the reputation of
many film production process participants (for example, due to the lack of transparency
of financial aspects and frequent suspicions in "money laundering" on the part of film
critics and the media).
Of course, for each individual group of film producers (groups are formed on the basis of
the number of films produced per year), there is a separate range of difficulties and
problems. Key differences are observed between the Group A countries (from 500 films
per year) and all the rest (less than 500 films per year).
 The main problems and difficulties in the filmmaking of Group A countries:
More than 60% (millions of dollars) of the budget of modern blockbusters are used by
film companies to search and attract specialists in the field of computer graphics,
animation design, sound and light editing, design and erection of various scenery and
shooting sites, selection and purchase of necessary equipment, and also make-up artists,
stylists, consultants, etc.
The main problem is that the services of local companies exceed the prices of performers
in other cities and regions by many times and the most tangible difference is with the
prices of performers from other countries.
If the US studios get the opportunity to freely search, order and pay for the services of the
companies in the field of film production with a more affordable price tag - the released
part of the budget will be directed for improving the quality of the actor and managerial
staff, for better advertising of the film around the world, for many other directions that
are currently strictly limited in funding.

19

The modern financial system imposes many difficulties on the payment process for the
performers from other countries - starting from cross-border restrictions, security risks,
constant fluctuations in exchange rates and ending with a low level of integration of the
international banking system, which leads to payment delays and high commissions.
The issue of the absence of tax benefits and subsidies for the companies in the field of film
production remains unresolved and there are also problems of double taxation.
 The main problems and difficulties in the filmmaking of Groups B, C, D:
For the production of high-quality, cinema production demanded in the world, a
developed infrastructure is required. The resource base of this sample is gradually
becoming competitive in the world markets. Technological trends are actively developing
(for example, computer graphics, virtual reality).
Separate films are gradually breaking the established stereotypes and showing the world
community that not only the US and Canada can produce high-quality and high-tech
commercial pictures.
However, the shortage of qualified personnel at virtually all stages of film production
(scriptwriters, directors, sound engineers, soundmen, etc.) will remain one of the main
problems of the cinema in the next five years.
According to experts, the reason for this situation is the lack of a well-coordinated system
of film education, which allows providing the film industry with qualified specialists.
Nevertheless, both state and private players intend to implement a number of projects in
this direction.
In addition, as the national film industry of the producing countries of the specified
groups develops, the narrow-profile specialists may be required, which are practically
not educated anywhere, for example, the creators of languages (especially relevant for
such genres as fantasy and fairytales).
For successful rental of films, both on the domestic market and abroad, in addition to
high quality film production, it is necessary to actively promote the project. An important
role is played by leading actors ("movie stars") as well. According to critics, in Western
and Eastern Europe, in Brazil, Argentina and Russia there are a lot of talented actors, but
the absence of a powerful PR-support, similar to that of Hollywood movie stars ("star
cult" PR strategy) affects their recognition and popularity at the local and foreign levels.

20

The list of problems listed above is not exhaustive. At each stage of filmmaking in
emerging economies and a high proportion of government influence, there are problems,
omissions, financial losses and even fraud.
 General conclusions on problems in the world film industry
In general, the lack of a single functional infrastructure of the world film industry leads to
the fact that the speed of the industry development, as well as the speed of the experience
and achievements exchange, is critically slowing down.
Film business develops locally, this leads to imbalance and unequal conditions in the
market. As a result, talented and promising film specialists do not have the opportunity to
find their true vocation and deserved place in the mechanism of the film industry.
Unrealized ideas and the unrevealed potential of people from completely different
corners of the world lead to a lack of diversity in the world cinema distribution and a
narrow choice in terms of the genre and its performance.
The most acute problem is the search for startups funding in the field of the film industry
and for the production of motion pictures by independent and little-known filmmakers
and producers. The difficulty lies in the lack of a single thematic platform for
crowdfunding. There is a lack of a quality control center and an executive discipline for
the projects in the field of cinema and culture put up for funding.
The new technological paradigm of the film industry must solve all the above problems
and limitations.
The infrastructure created must provide automation and technological simplification of
the key processes in the film industry, for example, attraction and placement of funding,
process of film production, search and payment for performers (contractors) of various
qualifications, advertising, distribution of products (formation of innovative access to
media content) and many others.

21

SOLVING THE PROBLEMS OF THE CINEMA INDUSTRY - THE PURPOSE OF
HOLLYWOODCOIN

We are proud to present you a tool that is designed to solve the full range of problems of
the global film industry – HOLLYWOODCOIN (hereinafter referred to as HWC).
HWC has everything it takes to fulfill its ambitious goal - a total qualitative rebuilding of
the global film industry infrastructure. The extensive and multifaceted experience of the
team, deep knowledge and understanding of the industry needs, as well as interest in the
development and implementation of the project by the largest film manufacturers around
the world - this is what gives confidence in the speedy success and popularity of
HOLLYWOODCOIN.
The HWC team has already got more than 30 specialists from different countries with
experience in such areas as film production, IT-development, blockchain, economic
planning and analysis, marketing, etc.
HWC has received serious interest from both large and small film studios and post
production companies around the world. We have established reliable business relations
with the world's leading film studios and received valuable feedback from their
representatives on the project.

22

THE ROAD MAP OF THE PROJECT DEVELOPMENT

Our road map includes several different stages, such as development of technology,
expansion of infrastructure, signing of partnership agreements and implementation of
marketing initiatives. Terms and specific actions, if there are objective grounds, can be
adjusted.
Spring 2017

Creation of an initiative group of crypto currency developers, development of a system
concept, drafting documentation for the development and implementation of the system,
formation of a working group with interested partners and specialists of the film industry
for further interaction and testing of the first versions of the platform and services.
Summer 2017

Technical implementation in accordance with the project documentation - selection and
editing of HWC code, setting up network ports and other maintenance elements,
launching the coins generation process in blocks.
Formation of a professional team of marketers and developers in various countries of the
world. Active involvement of partners and representatives, holding bounty campaigns.
Autumn 2017

Conducting constructive negotiations with representatives and employees of financial
departments and supply departments of leading film companies in the US and Canada,
agreeing on future cooperation with the top managers.
Active negotiations with the companies: Miramax Films, 20 Century Fox, Sony Pictures
Entertainment, Columbia Pictures, Pixar, Paramount Pictures, DreamWorks, Lionsgate,
Castle Rock Entertainment, etc.
Carrying out introductory presentations and negotiations on cooperation with Marvel
Studios, Focus Features, Happy Madison Productions, Lightstorm Entertainment and
other leading film companies in the world.

23

Winter 2017-2018

Adding HWC to the listings of leading crypto exchanges and analytical resources.

For reference: currently HWC is represented on BTC-Alpha and Bit-Z exchanges and is
also included in the CoinMarketCap service listing.
Technical specialists of the HWC team announced the forthcoming access to the stock
exchanges: BITTREX, BINANCE, YOBIT, HitBTC and others.
May - June 2018

Development and implementation of an international on-line cinema platform, with free
access for project partners and a paid annual subscription for all other platform users.
Release of an updated offline (local) wallet for Windows, MAC and Linux.
Registration of the official company - HOLLYWOODCOIN project representative - HWC
Ltd.
Partnership with MGN company. Obtaining the status of the representative of the most
powerful system in the world - SUPERCOMPUTER SUNWAY TAIHULIGH.
Opening of new offices in USA (Los Angeles) and the Russian Federation (Moscow).
June 2018

The release of the alpha version of the Hollywoodcoin mobile wallet (application) for
Android and IOS.
Joint project with the participation of Jean-Colas Prunier to create a unique platform
developed for collaborative creativity, games and creating stream animated and sound
sequences

on

different

devices

(smartphones,

tablets,

desktop

computers,

virtual/augmented reality) in real time and in fully interactive mode.
Opening a representative office in Singapore.
July 2018

Creation of the innovative render HWC GlobalRender farm on the basis of the most
powerful computing system in the world – Sunway Taihuligt. Announcement of the
project website launch.

24

Adding HWC to the cryptocurrency exchanges of the TOP-5 rating.
Opening a representative office in Germany (Berlin).
August 2018

Active work on signing the contracts for the films rendering with world film studios.
Opening a representative office in India (Mumbai).

September 2018

Announcement of the beta version of an entertaining video game for mobile devices
based on Android and IOS, with participation of a superhero - Captain Hollywood.
November 2018

Interactive social network. Development of the social network that unites customers and
performers in the field of rendering, animation, graphic services and other areas of
cinema, with services payment in HWC.
December 2018

Announcement of the beta version of an entertaining video game for PC, featuring a
superhero - Captain Hollywood.

25

THE PLAN OF GEOGRAPHICAL EXPANSION OF THE HOLLYWOODCOIN PROJECT

We plan to select the countries to start the system based on the population, the level of
concentration and the pace of development of the film production market. On the map
below there is a preliminary list of the countries that can change later as the project
develops:
Stage 1: United States of America, China, Japan, India
Stage 2: countries of Western Europe (France, Great Britain, Germany, Spain) and
some countries of Eastern Europe
Stage 3: Argentina, Brazil, Russia
Stage 4: all other countries

The experience of the HWC founders, obtained in the process of creating and developing
the project, gives a very strong impetus at the start. We will actively involve operators of
independent film companies in the ecosystem, accelerating its geographical expansion
and further increasing its decentralization.
Our goal is to cover the maximum amount of payments and communications between
individuals and legal entities in the film industry and in related, cultural-mass areas by
2020.

26

TECHNICAL SPECIFICATION OF HOLLYWOODCOIN

Name coin

HollyWoodCoin

Algorithm

Sсrypt

Type

POS

Ticker

HWC

Total coin supply

26 000 000

Pre-mine

18 200 0004
48% yearly interest

PoS Min. Age

1h

PoS Max. Age

unlimited

Confirmations for Mined Blocks
Transactions

40 transactions

Confirmations

6 blocks
60 Seconds Blocks for PoS

P2P port

10267

PRC port

10268

Proof-of-stake designs have become a more competitive form of peer-to-peer cryptocurrency to proof-of-work designs due to the elimination of dependency on energy
consumption, thereby achieving lower inflation/lower transaction fees at comparable
network security levels.
We reserve the right to make modifications to this code for the good of the community
and the coin. HWC is not designed for speculation, rather a real world application to solve
problems and create a new field for film industry stakeholders (artists, fans, services).
We encourage the collaborative community to help us make the coin succeed with fair
rewards for both development and coin adoption.

4

A significant part of the total HWC supply is due to pre-production because the required amount of
investment is required for the development and development of infrastructure (services).

27

TARGETED DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS

Total supply: 26 000 000 HWC

Volume system ;
45%

Volume system
Developers; 5%

Exchanges
Investors

Marketing; 5%

Marketing
Developers

Investors; 10%

Exchanges; 35%

45% of the funds raised will be used in strict accordance with the approved Roadmap for
the development of the HOLLYWOODCOIN project.
Our road map involves the development of all functions for the HWC platform multifunctional applications and interfaces for all the ecosystem participants, as well as
powerful marketing support to accelerate the attraction of users (cinema fans, film
startups, investors, specialists of various categories and qualifications, project partners,
etc.).

28

HOLLYWOODCOIN ECOSYSTEM

HOLLYWOODCOIN ecosystem will be built in accordance with the principles of scalability
and decentralization, which will ensure its stability and self-sufficiency in the long term.
One of our main tasks is the creation of a decentralized consumer marketplace for the
people who have little experience in dealing with crypto-currencies and, probably, do not
have deep knowledge of the blockchain.
The HWC ecosystem will expand beyond the crypto community and focus its activities on
wide audience. The processes of purchasing, charging and using HWC will be realized
intuitively for the consumers. When working on the on-line platform and in
HOLLYWOODCOIN applications, the processes of opening and managing a cryptocurrency wallet will be maximally simplified and safe.
Providing services for this audience requires perfect knowledge and constant monitoring
of innovations in the film production segment. Due to extensive experience in the
industry, our team knows exactly what consumers and key market participants want.

The main ecosystem participants and users of the HOLLYWOODCOIN infrastructure are:
1) team of technical and customer support specialists for the HOLLYWOODCOIN
platform;
2) film companies / film studios, their representatives and persons who make certain
managerial decisions;
3) legal entities providing work, services and goods necessary for the process of film
production;
4) individuals (private executors, freelancers) providing works, services and goods
necessary for the process of film production;
5) legal entities and individuals rendering services and works in the field of advertising
and distribution of audiovisual content;

29

6) legal entities and individuals interested in attracting and (or) placing capital in the
development of startups and projects in the field of cinema, culture, science, sports and
charity;
7) project partners engaged in the expansion and popularization of HWC infrastructure
by attracting new participants;
8) art lovers (film fans) interested in access to the HOLLYWOODCOIN platform for
unlimited access to all audiovisual content and services.

To become a member of the ecosystem, the user creates an account on the HWC platform.
During registration process, the system will create a user profile and his wallet.

HWC holders earn 48% per annum using PoS algorithm! 5
Each member of the ecosystem will be provided with a wallet, whose function is to
protect user data (storage in a decentralized database), as well as the ability to interact
with other participants and all the services available.
We actively place HWC on trading floors and exchanges, providing an opportunity to
openly sell and buy them for the residents of those countries whose legislation does not
prohibit such operations.

You buy a few coins and block them for mining (leave them lying in your wallet), depending on the amount
you are charged a percentage every day.
5

30

HOLLYWOODCOIN PLATFORM

HOLLYWOODCOIN is not only a technologically strong digital asset that will allow instant
and safe settlements around the world, but also a whole range of innovative services that
successfully solve all current problems and limitations of the global film industry.
The HWC platform is a decentralized multifunctional platform allowing the filmmakers
affiliated with it to post information (in the portfolio format) about their competencies,
capabilities and available technologies in the production of audiovisual content, conduct
advertising campaigns, implement loyalty programs and receive orders and feedback
from consumers.
The system allows its users to easily search and analyze performers around the world
and further order products, services and goods. The HWC platform system provides the
process of payment and exact execution of the order in accordance with the technical
specification, and the use of complex algorithms in the interaction scheme excludes any
possibility of fraud and / or falsification of the order execution results.

The HOLLYWOODCOIN platform will
constantly expand and adapt to the
newly identified needs of its users and
partners.
At the present time, the infrastructure
and the set of services correspond to the
current needs and requirements of all
the designated ecosystem participants.

The platform includes the following
elements:

31

 Framework and wallet in the Rust programming language.

Rust is an open source programming language.
The key features of the language are security, speed and parallelism. As opposed to C++,
Rust provides guarantees of safe work with memory at the compile stage and with an
allowance for multithreading while keeping a high capacity and providing abstractions of
the C++ level.
The update will comprise:


The framework will implement the basic functionality of the present wallet
(PoW/PoS, blockchain, keys, etc.);



Wallet.

The wallet will contain all of the interfaces available currently and the additional API.
There will also be an improved graphical user interface.
We will add new features for the security of backups, conservation and restoration of
private keys, etc.
The possibilities of dynamic interaction will be implemented with the mobile wallets by
QR-codes.
Standardisation and transition to a unified solution for all systems with a new version of
the library superior to the current values of the net.
After implementing the wallet in Rust, the HollyWoodCoin cryptocurrency will acquire a
new upgrade code which will enable developers to create their own unique apps based
on the HollyWoodCoin, which will use HWC.
 Adapted application for mobile devices and personal computers in the format of an
interactive social network (with support for the main functionality of the platform).

32

 The qualifications of performers in the field of film production are not limited,
nevertheless it is worth noting that the most popular are: writers and directors;
sound engineers and sound technicians, specialists in film music; costume designers
and art directors; animators and computer graphics specialists; owners of various
equipment and implements for filming, promoters, fundraisers.
 Reputation system is an important link for establishing trust between the
counterparties. Initially, the rating will be entered for the executors and participants
of the process, and can subsequently be introduced for the customers.
 We plan to implement this system in such a way that it can automatically calculate
the rating and receive confirmed information from consumers, maintaining their
anonymity, meeting the following quality and safety requirements:
 Transparency: it should be clear how ratings are credited;
 Legitimacy: only a certain set of participants (i.e., customers of works and

services) has the option of rating;
 Integrity: it should be difficult (and even better - impossible) to manipulate

ratings;
 Confidentiality: consumers who give assessments do not disclose their

identity or any other personal information.
 Affiliate program with a wide range of rewards and referral bonuses for additional
coin earnings and direct participation in the scaling and distribution of the project.
 Platform for attracting and / or placing private investments.

Independent film companies of different countries, as well as simply talented
creative people, often create stunning concepts and ideas. Their arsenal includes
startups in the film industry (interactive cinematography, virtual reality, digital
actors, etc.), projects in the field of culture and promotion of a healthy lifestyle,
film scripts in the newest format, etc.
All these projects are very promising and interesting, but they have difficulties in
attracting investments due to the lack of direct access to the platforms with high
concentration of such interest.

33

HOLLYWOODCOIN crowdfunding platform will allow its applicants to publish
detailed information about such projects, on the one hand, and on the other - to
conduct analysis, discussion and direct commercial financing of the most worthy
and profitable projects.
In addition, the possibility of direct target financing of world`s largest film studios
film projects is being studied, to exclude a) state participation and pressure,
b) borrowed capital with overvalued loan rates.
The functionality of the HWC platform will be supplemented by a system for
monitoring the implementation of the announced work plans for projects, as well
as a system for phased charging and reporting on the use of the funds raised.
 International on-line cinema for the project partners - access to all novelties of the
partner companies through the private office. It is free!

 Thematic news feed from HWC analysts (with the opportunity to initiate
discussions and create your own topics).

34

PROSPECTS OF HOLLYWOODCOIN

The project development team sees HWC as the leading settlement tool not only for the
US film industry, but for the whole world by 2019. The infrastructure, based on HWC, will
definitely make a long-awaited, qualitative revolution in the industry.
According to the researchers' forecasts, the film industry will become one of the world's
top five industries by 2040 (PriceWaterhouseCoopers report) and will increase its
capitalization many times over.
According to the reports from the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA), the US
film industry supports 2 million jobs, annually paying more than $ 130 billion in wages.
About 300,000 film production companies are concentrated on the territory of the
country, whose services cost $ 43 billion in 2015. The volume of sales of the United States
film business amounted to 131 billion in 2015. Statistics for 2016-2017 in official sources
has not yet been published, but experts unanimously state that interest in special effects
and innovations in the field of film production is growing at a very fast pace.
In general, the money turnover of the world film industry significantly exceeds the $ 1
trillion mark, 55% of which fall on the USA, Canada and China. The founders and partners
of the project aim to transfer the fiat turnover of the film business of these countries into
the HOLLYWOODCOIN crypto currency, and to begin scaling and actively spreading the
platform around the world in 2019 (in accordance with the established geographic
expansion plan).

70% of the world turnover of the film industry is the value of the capitalization of
HOLLYWOODCOIN, which the cryptocurrency can reach already by 2025.

35

BENEFITS FOR PARTNERS

The HOLLYWOODCOIN team invites representatives from all over the world to
cooperation and joint development (partnership) .
The following types of contracts are available for purchase:

36

We are always open for any interaction and teamwork.
We accept feedback on the project with great interest.
Our inspiration is the craziest and boldest ideas of our like-minded people and investors.
If you have constructive and interesting proposals for consideration and addition to the
Roadmap for the HOLLYWOODCOIN project development, write to our official mail or
support service:

info@hollywoodcoin.us
support@hollywoodcoin.us

37

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

On behalf of the team of Hollywoodcoin developers, marketers, and managers, we would
like to specially acknowledge our deepest gratitude to everyone who helped to launch and
develop the project to the results we have already achieved today.

We are grateful for everyone's contribution to our joint mission, for your highly qualified
work, for your patience and unwavering belief in our success.

We are looking forward to maintaining the existing business and friendly relations with
all the project participants, as well as to speeding up the development and
implementation of the system to the work of not only Hollywood and the US-based film
companies, but also of all the leading film industries globally.

We extend separate gratitude to a considerable number of investors who did not need
much time and reflection to recognize the working concept of the project.

We thank you for making a decision to become a part of not only our team, but also of a
huge mechanism of settlements and financing in the film industry.

38

39

