Tokenize Payroll: Using
Blockchain Technology and
Cryptocurrency to Revolutionize
Global Payroll
June 2018
Jarib Figueredo, International Payroll Analyst and Founder at HorusPay

Tokenize Payroll: Using Blockchain Technology and Cryptocurrency to Revolutionize Global Payroll

LEGAL DISCLAIMER
HorusPay, LLC (“HorusPay”) and its corresponding Tokens are not intended to be or to be offered as
a security in any jurisdiction. The following Whitepaper is not intended to constitute an offering of
securities, a solicitation of investment, a prospectus or offering document in any jurisdiction. This
Whitepaper neither represents any opinion or advice to purchase or sell tokens nor shall it or any
part of it be relied upon for any contract or transaction decision. No person or entity is bound to
enter into any binding agreement in relation to the purchase and sale of HorusPay Tokens or any
other cryptocurrency on the basis of this Whitepaper. Any agreement between the Vendor and the
purchaser of HorusPay Tokens shall be governed by a separate contract setting out the specific terms
and conditions applicable to said transaction.
If you are in any jurisdiction where a token offering is forbidden by law, you may not purchase
HorusPay Tokens. No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set
out in this Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory
requirements, or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution, or dissemination of this
Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements, or rules have been
complied with. This Whitepaper is not intended for distributed in any jurisdiction where such
distribution is prohibited or restricted.
If you are in doubt as to what action to take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax or other
professional advisor(s). No party mentioned in this Whitepaper shall be liable for any consequential,
indirect, special, incidental or other form of loss of any kind, be it in tort, contract, or otherwise
arising out of or in connection with this Whitepaper.
No party mentioned herein purports to make any representation, warranty, or undertaking in any
form whatsoever in relation to the truth, accuracy, and completeness of the information provided in
this Whitepaper. Such information is subject to modification at HorusPay’s sole discretion. The actual
performance of HorusPay may be materially different from the expressed or implied opinions,
estimates, and/or projections included in this Whitepaper. Forward-looking statements of any kind,
by their nature, are mere predictions. Possible changes in industry and regulatory trends, exchange
rates, political, social and economic conditions, and other factors beyond the control of any party
mentioned herein could impact the outlook for HorusPay. Past performance is not indicative of
future results.
No person involved in the preparation of the Whitepaper owes a duty of care to any recipient of this
Whitepaper. No person has been or is authorized to give any information, advice, or representation
that is not contained in this Whitepaper. By accessing and/or accepting possession of this
Whitepaper, or any part of the information contained within, you are expressly accepting and
agreeing to all of the statements made above in this Legal Disclaimer section.

www.hourspay.io | © 2018 HorusPay All Rights Reserved

1

Tokenize Payroll: Using Blockchain Technology and Cryptocurrency to Revolutionize Global Payroll

1.0 ABSTRACT
HorusPay is a decentralized Global Payroll Portal that allows global entities to exchange private,
encrypted, secured data with international payroll vendors using blockchain technology. As an
alternative payroll solution, HorusPay offers distinct benefits. With HorusPay, global entities can:
Eliminate the middleman. By eliminating legacy payroll providers and aggregators, global entities can
avoid high fees and inefficient, triangulated communications.
Choose in-country vendors. HorusPay is the only Global Payroll Portal that allows global entities to
bring their own payroll provider—letting them select the best vendor.
Use one global portal. Global entities can standardize the payroll process and reduce their workforce
by consolidating their efforts with HorusPay’s Global Payroll Portal.
Streamline paying employees. Global entities can streamline payroll by paying employees with
cryptocurrency. In the future, recipients will be able to convert cryptocurrency into fiat currency*.
Integrate with common Human Capital Management (HCM) systems*. In the future, data will flow
automatically from HCM systems to the HorusPay portal—reducing errors and delays.
HorusPay is set to be the first Global Payroll Portal using blockchain technology and cryptocurrency—
revolutionizing the way global entities pay employees. This whitepaper outlines the problems with
legacy global payroll providers and aggregators, the HorusPay solution, the token model, and the
core benefits of using blockchain and HorusPay for global payroll.
*Future capability.
2.0 PROBLEM
Global payroll is a common headache for global entities. The current system is complex and faulty
because it’s plagued by obscure laws and regulations, inefficient communications, and middlemen
who strive to simplify global payroll, but complicate it further. When a company outsources payroll
to a global payroll provider or aggregator, the entity experiences four common problems.
2.1 Problem One: Low quality vendors with high fees. The vast majority of organizations that use
legacy global payroll services don’t contract with a global payroll provider, they contract with a global
payroll aggregator. These aggregators are incentivized to hire the lowest bidder in each country
rather than the vendor that provides the best service. Furthermore, these aggregators charge a
substantial premium to the corporation. Comparatively, HorusPay expenses are 50%-80% less than
legacy system costs (depending on the payroll vendor).
2.2 Problem Two: Inefficient, error-prone communications. These aggregators relay questions and
requests from the global entity to the local payroll vendors. These triangulated communications can
lead to missed messages, incorrect translations, and payroll data entry errors. In other models, global
entities are asked to create and use customer relationship management (CRM) shared inboxes.
Unfortunately, these inboxes are not monitored consistently, and global entities experience
frustrating delays.
www.hourspay.io | © 2018 HorusPay All Rights Reserved

2

Tokenize Payroll: Using Blockchain Technology and Cryptocurrency to Revolutionize Global Payroll

2.0 PROBLEM (continued)
2.3 Problem Three: Slow international transactions. According to a report published by The Clearing
House and Federal Reserve Financial Services, “...the process of reconciling incoming wire transfer
payments with invoice information remains manual, time consuming and prone to error.”1 Wire
transfers generally take 1-5 days and can cost up to $65 per transfer2. Similarly, with traditional
automated clearing house (ACH) transfers, although same-day processing is an option, most ACH
deposits take several business days to complete3.
2.4 Problem Four: Security concerns. Even payroll giants that spend millions of dollars on security
cannot fully protect payroll data and information. Many global payroll providers have been hacked.
For instance, as reported in 2016, cyber thieves stole employee tax and salary information from a
dozen companies that use a leading global provider of cloud-based HCM solutions4.
3.0 HIGH-LEVEL SOLUTION
HorusPay is using blockchain technology and cryptocurrency to revolutionize global payroll.
HorusPay’s decentralized Global Payroll Portal will let global entities exchange private, encrypted,
secured data with international payroll vendors.
3.1 How It Works: HorusPay Token Model and Distribution
Horus token is a utility token. Owners of Horus token can access the HorusPay Global Payroll Portal
to host and exchange payroll data. Each individual Horus token represents a single employee in a
company. In turn, global entities should have an equal number of tokens and employees (e.g 500
employees and 500 tokens)—more employees warrant more payroll data hosted in the HorusPay
Portal. To ensure the initial distribution of tokens is fair, HorusPay used a June 1, 2018 EOS token sale
snapshot and will distribute tokens on a one-to-one basis with EOS holdings. The HorusPay token
airdrop is scheduled for June 30, 2018.
•
•
•

Total supply: 1,200 million
Airdropped to EOS holders: 900 million
Horus Foundation: 300 million

Isaacson, K., Farrar, H., Valentine, S. E., & Fiorillo, M. (n.d.). Business-to-Business Wire Transfer Payments: Customer
Preferences and Opportunities for Financial Institutions(Rep.). Retrieved June 3, 2018, from The Clearing House and
Federal Reserve Financial Services website: https://www.frbservices.org/assets/news/research/wire-transferresearch.pdf
1

Moon, C. (2017, March 14). Wire Transfers: What Are They and How Much Do They Cost? Retrieved June 3, 2018,
from https://www.valuepenguin.com/banking/what-are-wire-transfers
2

Tierney, S. (2018, May 10). ACH Transfers: How They Work. Retrieved June 3, 2018, from
https://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/banking/ach-transfers/
3

Pagliery, J. (2016, May 4). Cyber thieves siphon tax forms from ADP payroll data. Retrieved June 3, 2018, from
http://money.cnn.com/2016/05/03/technology/adp-w2-forms-stolen/index.html
4

www.hourspay.io | © 2018 HorusPay All Rights Reserved

3

Tokenize Payroll: Using Blockchain Technology and Cryptocurrency to Revolutionize Global Payroll

3.0 HIGH-LEVEL SOLUTION (continued)
3.2 HorusPay Proof of Stake Details
In order to access the portal, users need to stake the Horus token. Every 30 days—until Horus dollars
reaches its distributed consensus of $1,200,000,000.00 (approximately 82.19 years)—the Horus
token will generate another digital asset called Horus dollar at a 0.1% rate. When Horus dollars
reaches its distributed consensus, the Horus token will no longer be stakeable.
3.3 HorusPay Payroll Vendor Access
Any payroll vendor can use the HorusPay Global Payroll Portal for free if they agree to accept Horus
dollars as payment (from token holders) in exchange for payroll services. This requirement will only
be enforced in countries with Horus dollar liquidity (i.e. the payroll vendor can immediately exchange
Horus dollars for fiat currency when they are paid). The alternate option is for vendors to acquire
1000 Horus dollars Payroll node. Once a vendor has access, the vendor can exchange data with
multiple clients and be listed in HorusPay’s International Payroll Vendor Marketplace (details in
section 3.4.3) for the lifetime of the Payroll node.
3.4 HorusPay Three-Phase Implementation
The HorusPay Global Payroll Portal simplifies enterprise adoption by eliminating the middleman and
integrating with HCM systems. HorusPay will be implemented in three phases.
3.4.1 Phase 1: Eliminate the middleman. In phase one, HorusPay will deliver on the core
functionality—enabling direct and secure communication of payroll information with incountry payroll vendors. Global entities will be able to bring their own preferred payroll
vendor or adopt a fully vetted HorusPay partner vendor.
3.4.2 Phase 2: Integrate with HCM systems. In phase two, HorusPay will deliver on key
connectivity components. This will allow data to automatically flow from HCM systems to the
HorusPay Portal. The payroll team will no longer need to manually enter data for each
country. The data can be reviewed by the assigned payroll specialist and once approved, it
will be visible to the in-country payroll vendor for processing.
3.4.3 Phase 3: Disburse payroll using cryptocurrency (Optional). In phase three, HorusPay will
enable a cryptocurrency payroll disbursement option. HorusPay strives to be the first
enterprise-ready global payroll portal with cryptocurrency disbursement. This eliminates the
wait time and cost associated with current international transaction options like wire
transfers and ACH transactions.
HorusPay’s International Payroll Vendor Marketplace will also be implemented in phase
three. This marketplace will list all participating international payroll vendors and HorusPay
partners. It will include a review rating system of international payroll vendors validated by
blockchain technology—making it transparent, incorruptible, and trustworthy.

www.hourspay.io | © 2018 HorusPay All Rights Reserved

4

Tokenize Payroll: Using Blockchain Technology and Cryptocurrency to Revolutionize Global Payroll

4.0 SOLUTION DETAILS AND BENEFITS
4.1 Benefits of Using Blockchain for Global Payroll
By using blockchain technology for global payroll, global entities can complete faster transactions,
reduce costs, and experience better security. By creating uneditable, transparent records and vendor
reviews, blockchain makes it easy for global entities to research new payroll vendors.
4.2 Benefits of Using HorusPay for Global Payroll
As an alternative payroll solution, HorusPay users can work with high quality vendors, minimize
expenses, and automate data flow, while increasing accuracy and improving communications.
4.2.1 Control of high quality vendors. As the only Global Payroll Portal that lets global entities
bring their own payroll providers, global entities can choose the best provider for their
payroll needs. With HorusPay, global entities become a direct client of the in-country
vendors. This puts global entities in control of the vendor relationship, rather than the
middleman. Since token holders can access the HorusPay Global Payroll Portal, they can
eliminate the high fees traditionally paid to the middleman. These savings can be used to
purchase services from higher quality vendors.
4.2.2 Employee and cost reduction. By using a single payroll portal, global entities can easily
document payroll processes on a global level. With HorusPay, one payroll specialist can
handle up to eight countries and the HCM integration can save up to 16 hours per week of
data entry per global payroll specialist. This equates to 832 hours each year (16 hours X 52
weeks). On average, a Senior Payroll Specialist makes $49,829 per year or $23.96 per hour5.
This could lead to a corporate savings of $19,931.60 per year, per payroll specialist. By
simplifying payroll, global entities can consolidate their payroll efforts, standardize the
process, and reduce their workforce.
4.2.3 Automated data integration and increased accuracy. In addition to a manual upload
option, HorusPay will use an application programming interface (API) to integrate connector
files to support various HCM systems. With this future HCM integration, data will
automatically flow (via connector file) from the global entity’s HCM system to the HorusPay
portal. This data can be accessed by each in-country payroll vendor. This interoperability will
minimize costly payroll errors and delays.
4.2.4 Effective communications. Without a middleman, global entities can communicate
directly with in-country vendors, or HorusPay partner vendors. This direct communication
eliminates triangulation issues and minimizes preventable errors.

5

Senior Payroll Specialist Salaries. (n.d.). Retrieved June 6, 2018, from https://www.simplyhired.com/salaries-ksenior-payroll-specialist-jobs.html
www.hourspay.io | © 2018 HorusPay All Rights Reserved

5

Tokenize Payroll: Using Blockchain Technology and Cryptocurrency to Revolutionize Global Payroll

4.0 SOLUTION DETAILS AND BENEFITS (continued)
4.2.5 Streamline paying employees. Global entities can streamline payroll efforts by paying
employees with cryptocurrency. In the future, recipients will be able to quickly convert
cryptocurrency into fiat currency. Unlike wire transfers and ACH transactions, HorusPay’s
cryptocurrency disbursement can be completed in minutes rather than days.
5.0 SUMMARY
HorusPay is a decentralized Global Payroll Portal designed to dramatically reduce the friction and
cost of onboarding and disbursing payroll to international employees. Using blockchain technology,
HorusPay will dramatically reduce payroll costs, errors, and delays, while increasing accuracy and
security. The HorusPay solution will give global entities more control over their payroll processes and
ultimately lead to faster payroll disbursement for global employees. HorusPay sincerely believes
cryptocurrencies are key to creating a single, cost-effective, global monetary system.

www.hourspay.io | © 2018 HorusPay All Rights Reserved

6

