HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER

October 2017

2 | HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER

HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER | 3

CONTENTS
ABSTRACT ..................................................................................................................................................3
1. INTRODUCTION TO HTMLCOIN.......................................................................................................4
2. VISION .....................................................................................................................................................4
3. MISSION ..................................................................................................................................................4
4. GOALS AND OBJECTIVES ..................................................................................................................5
5. THE TECHNOLOGY ..............................................................................................................................6
6. HOW HTMLCOIN WORKS ..................................................................................................................9
7. MARKET ANALYSIS ........................................................................................................................... 14
8. HTMLCOIN.BUSINESS ..................................................................................................................... 15
9. ROADMAP AND PROJECTS (The 5-year HTMLCOIN Business Plan 2017-2022) ......... 23
10. GOVERNANCE OF THE HTML BLOCKCHAIN ......................................................................... 30
11. HTMLCOIN HISTORY ..................................................................................................................... 33
12. HTMLCOIN TODAY ......................................................................................................................... 34
13. THE HTMLCOIN FOUNDATION.................................................................................................. 35

4 | HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER

ABSTRACT
Htmlcoin is not just a cryptocurrency, but a new, secure blockchain based on Bitcoin Core that
integrates Ethereum based smart contracts. It implements an extendable design that can add
more virtual machines (VM) than other blockchain platforms. Enabled through an Account
Abstraction Layer, the Htmlcoin platform allows an account-based VM to function on a Bitcoin
UTXO based blockchain.

Htmlcoin is not an ICO. It is an established crypto coin that is expanding to become a blockchain
platform for multiple coins, smart contracts, and distributed applications. It is developed,
supported, and promoted by the Htmlcoin Foundation, which has not only designed a new
blockchain platform based on the best characteristics of Bitcoin and Ethereum, but has
expanded it to include the positive attributes of network technology stacks from the likes
of QTUM and ARK. Essentially, Htmlcoin is a hybrid of some of the best and most innovative
technologies of the crypto world, making it a premier coin and blockchain platform with the
potential to become an industry leader.

HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER | 5

1. INTRODUCTION TO HTMLCOIN
Cryptocurrency began with Bitcoin in 2008. Upon its introduction, Bitcoin was merely a
white paper with a novel idea. But it caught on, and has grown from a fledgling idea into
a bonafide global phenomenon, making millionaires out of many of its initial supporters
along the way. Beyond Bitcoin, and possibly Ethereum, the average person knows very
little about the cryptocurrency world, having no idea that there are hundreds of different
alternative cryptocurrencies available, and more are being added daily. We are at the start of
a cryptocurrency boom that has the potential to change our world dramatically.
Htmlcoin intends to be a major part of this global change. With a committed development
team that gave birth to the coin in 2014, Htmlcoin plans to establish itself as a leader in not
only global cryptocurrency blockchain transactions, but in utilizing the blockchain network
for education and the creation of opportunities for all. Htmlcoin will be for everyone.

2. VISION
Our vision is to see a world that has fully embraced the blockchain. A world where people
utilize blockchain technology as freely as they currently do the camera to take a selfie. For this
to happen, we believe that human interaction with the blockchain must be revolutionized.
The blockchain must be made easy to use, meaningful, and accessible to everyone, regardless
of their country of citizenship or economic means. We plan on providing people with the
tools and resources to make this happen. Htmlcoin is about empowering people and creating
opportunities. Ultimately, we envision a “humanized” blockchain.

3. MISSION
Htmlcoin strives to provide the world with an easy to use, meaningful cryptocurrency and
blockchain platform. One that not only provides businesses, entrepreneurs, and individuals
with a fast and secure environment for the exchange of goods and services, but one that also
allows for people to communicate with each other, to increase their levels of education, and
to ultimately improve their day-to-day lives. Htmlcoin will be for everyone.

6 | HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER

4. GOALS AND OBJECTIVES
ECONOMY
HTMLCOIN strives to:

• Utilize mobile technology as a tool to facilitate payments.
• Facilitate the adoption of Htmlcoin as a store of value in various communities.
• Make the coin and the Html Blockchain accessible to all businesses and people.

TECHNOLOGY
HTMLCOIN strives to:

• Provide a strong, stable, and robust cryptocurrency.
• Build and maintain a sound support infrastructure.
• Encourage third-party application development.

EDUCATION
HTMLCOIN strives to:

• Educate people about Htmlcoin and cryptocurrency.
• Promote research about Html Blockchain technology and applications.
• Provide a platform for people to gain education and blockchain technology credentials.
• Share knowledge regarding blockchain technology with schools, universities, and
training centers to help expedite the next generation’s adoption and application of this
technology.

HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER | 7

GLOBAL COMMUNITY
HTMLCOIN strives to:

• Facilitate the development of the Htmlcoin community throughout the world.
• Secure and promote good relations with the financial community.
• Spread awareness about Htmlcoin to the mainstream.
• Provide an accessible, low-threshold blockchain platform (with technical support) that
can be utilized by both small businesses and large multinationals.

HUMANIZE THE BLOCKCHAIN
HTMLCOIN strives to:

• Make the blockchain easy to use and accessible to everyone.
• Educate, support, and encourage people to utilize the blockchain to harness their digital
potential.

5. THE TECHNOLOGY
Htmlcoin is an advanced smart contracting platform, not a
Bitcoin clone. The value of the Html Blockchain will be its smart
contract based projects and the services offered on its platform.
•
•
•
•

Enterprises, communities, and projects will use the Htmlcoin
platform to crowdfund and run their businesses.
Users will buy tokens in crowdfunded or established projects
running on the Htmlcoin platform.
Users will buy Htmlcoins to store value or transact across the
network.
Businesses and users will use the Htmlcoin platform for
communication and education purposes.

The innovative construction of the Html Blockchain allows for
practically every conceivable concept to be realized on its platform.
All types and sizes of companies, schools, and communities can
develop their ideas and projects on the Htmlcoin platform.

8 | HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER

THE HTML BLOCKCHAIN

When developing our blockchain platform, we recognized the importance of Bitcoin and
Ethereum to the crypto world, and the world in general. We wanted to build a platform that
utilized aspects of both coins, but we also wanted to build a platform that was easy to use and
accessible to all. The result is an open source blockchain community that is equally compatible
with both Bitcoin and Ethereum that utilizes decentralized mobile applications.
The Html Blockchain is a hybrid of Bitcoin and Ethereum. It utilizes the UTXO model of
blockchain infrastructure but with modifications that make it uniquely the Html Blockchain.
The Html Blockchain platform focuses on the practical applications of smart contracts. It
introduces oracle, data feeds, and an identity module from third parties to fulfill the compliance
requirements of traditional internet enterprises. It also focuses on decentralized application
development. Htmlcoin strives to provide a great number of decentralized applications that
can be used in numerous settings by both businesses and individuals.
COMPATIBLE WITH UTXO AND ETHEREUM VIRTUAL MACHINES (EVM)

The Html Blockchain uses the UTXO model to ensure the consistency of transactions and the
traceability of tokens. It allows all smart contracts developed for Ethereum to also function
and operate on the Html Blockchain. Furthermore, the UXTO model on the Html Blockchain
combines the advantages of both Bitcoin and Ethereum, solving the problem of Bitcoin
and Ethereum incompatibility. Bitcoin and Ethereum can simultaneously exist on the Html
Blockchain platform. One could say that the Html Blockchain network allows Bitcoin and
Ethereum to “talk to each other.”

HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER | 9

CONSENSUS

Proof of Stake consensus mechanisms are used for the Htmlcoin public blockchain. In later
phase development, we plan to introduce the “Incentive Proof of Stake” (IPoS) concept, which
we will use to create incentive reward mechanisms that take the estimation of online nodes
into consideration.
CONTRACT LEDGER

In the Html Blockchain, the contract ledger stores all smart contract content in a readable
format. It allows users to download the code and contracts in a peer-to-peer network based
on their own interests. The contract ledger provides transparency, readability, and auditability.
• Elements of the Contract Ledger
o Data feeds - Data feeds represent the data obtained from off-chain sources (currency

exchange rates, GDP, the temperature of a city, competition results, etc.), which are
inputted into the blockchain to execute smart contracts or decentralized applications.
For example, if the room temperature were to drop to 10 degrees Celsius, the airconditioner would switch to “heating mode.” In this case, the temperature data from the
thermometer can be considered as a data feed, which is obtained off-chain (i.e., realworld).
o Oracle - In the Html Blockchain, the oracle can represent a specific trusted organization,

an entity, a node, or a public key address. When there are multiple data resources for a
data input, the oracle selects the most suitable data resource based on a predefined rule.
o Master Contract - In the Ethereum network, only data obtained on the blockchain can

be used as a trigger to execute the smart contract. However, in the Html Blockchain, offchain factors can also be the trigger. These are what we call “Master Contracts” and they
constitute one of the most versatile and user-friendly aspects of the Html Blockchain
network.

10 | HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER

IDENTITY MODULE

Another principal advantage to the Html Blockchain network is its identity module. As we know,
financial institutions usually have extensive requirements regarding identity authentication
and data security. These requirements often are cumbersome and require users to input
substantial amounts of data. A third-party credit bureau that adopted Htmlcoin would be
able to grant all Htmlcoin users higher priority and faster service because they would have
already been authenticated by the identity module.

PoW Reward:

1250 coins per block

Difficulty:

Enhanced Hash Rate
Compensation

Max PoW Coins:

90 billion

Security:

Real Time
Checkpointing

PoS Reward:

1% Annual

Block Time:

60 Seconds

PoW/PoS

Block size:

1Mb

Networking:

Hash:

Double SHA 256

QR Code:

Premine:

Coin Swap/Exchange
Deficit/Development
Fund/ 5% Degree of
Tolerance

Proof:

TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS

UPNP/IPv4/IPv6

Generate codes
for addresses

HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER | 11

COIN FEATURES AND ENHANCEMENTS:
• Real Time Checkpointing

o Protects the history of the chain from being changed by 51% attacks.
o Broadcasts block height and hash of the main chain that cannot be overwritten.
o Enhanced Hash Rate Compensation.
o Adjusts every 120 blocks with short, medium, and long block time samples to average
out the adjust, and applies 25% damping to the result.
• Hybrid Bitcoin/Ethereum

o Uses both the Bitcoin and Ethereum codebase. This combines Bitcoin with Ethereum
Virtual Machines (EVM).
• Smart Contracts

o Protocol to facilitate, verify, or enforce negotiation or performance of a contract.
• Simple Payment Verification

o Executes smart contracts from lite wallets.
• Decentralized Applications

o Window to the distributed new Htmlcoin network to be able to create smart contracts
and other more fully fledged complex EVM apps.
o Greatly extends the network’s capabilities.
• Account Abstraction Layer

o Htmlcoin’s extension to Bitcoin’s “Script” language sits between the blockchain and EVM,
allowing decentralized applications and smart contracts to run in environments that
were not possible before.

12 | HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER

6 HOW HTMLCOIN WORKS
“What we’re building here is not just a train but an entire new railroad,
and we want to be sure that the railroad is secure, strong, and global.”

– Simon Telfer, Executive Vice-President of Business Development and Innovation,
Htmlcoin Foundation
Htmlcoin is open source, which we thoroughly believe is the way forward. It provides us with
the opportunity to innovate beyond what anybody has previously considered possible for
blockchain. We will be able to build upon the latest and greatest technologies and innovate
with no restrictions. We, in turn, will share our innovations for others to build upon and they, in
turn, will share and share alike, which encourages and promotes an endless cycle of creation.
This is the world of open source. This is our heritage.
Html Blockchain SECURITY DESIGN

The Html Blockchain platform uses Unspent Transaction Output (UTXO) – based smart
contracts. With a UTXO-compatible blockchain platform, Htmlcoin allows Bitcoin developers
to use a wide range of developer tools. Moreover, it is highly secure.
PROOF OF WORK (PoW) vs PROOF OF STAKE (PoS)

To verify and validate a transaction or a block, Bitcoin, Ethereum, and many other blockchain
platforms use the Proof of Work (PoW) consensus model. In a PoW consensus system, the
creator of a new block is determined by certain mathematical algorithms. The biggest
challenge with PoW is that it requires high computing and electrical power. Proof of Stake
(PoS) is a newer consensus model that determines the creator of new blocks depending
on the creator’s wealth/stake. While there is no block reward, miners take transaction fees.
PoS reduces energy consumption while rewarding the miners/forgers with minted coins.
Ethereum is now moving from a PoW model to a PoS model.
Htmlcoin uses the PoS 3.0 protocol to stay at the forefront of this innovation. We are planning
to take PoS one step ahead with an incentive-based protocol called Incentive Proof of Stake
(IPoS). Our idea is to reward forgers for the forging tasks. The Htmlcoin platform will be moving
to the IPoS protocol shortly and has undergone strict tests before this deployment. These
tests include security and coding audits, software functionality testing, potential attack tests,
P2P Network performance tests, etc. Also, Htmlcoin supports EVMs.

HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER | 13

Htmlcoin offers different wallets with varying functionalities. For basic users, we offer a
general wallet that has no debugging features, while expert developers and administrators
get an advanced wallet with expert-level debugging features. The Htmlcoin platform uses
the Standard JSON-RPC-based API service, which is like what is used in Bitcoin core. Dapp
services developed on the platform can be accessed through a web browser such as Chrome
or Firefox.
Html Blockchain UTILITY

Htmlcoin is a UTXO-based smart contract platform that uses a PoS consensus model. Bitcoin
also uses a UTXO-based platform, which means that the Htmlcoin platform is compatible
with all Bitcoin tools. We chose the platform and further selected a PoS consensus model
for its ability to facilitate a decentralized app building platform. It ensures traceability and
consistency of blockchain transactions.
Ethereum, on the other hand, uses an account-based system wherein the state is defined by
objects called accounts, and account balances are managed in the account system. Ethereum
uses stack-based virtual machines called EVMs. These 256-bit EVMs execute smart contracts
that run on the Ethereum platform. As the Html Blockchain platform is based on the UTXO
model, we have designed an interface that translates the UTXO model to an account-based
interface. The Htmlcoin EVM integration interface facilitates EVMs to work on the Html
Blockchain without any changes being made to the EVMs.
Using this Htmlcoin EVM Integration Interface, developers and users can easily work with
both Bitcoin and Ethereum systems. It makes Htmlcoin a hybrid cryptocurrency that can be
used in a wide range of industries across the globe.

14 | HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER

HTMLCOIN OP CODES

Bitcoin Scripting Language is used for all transactions on the Html Blockchain platform. In
addition, Htmlcoin uses a new utility with three new operation codes.
OP_EXEC is an operation code that triggers a special process of a transaction while executing the

EVM Bytecode passed to it. In a traditional blockchain environment, transactions are validated
only when the input references the output. However, Htmlcoin should accommodate smart
contracts that must be executed immediately after being merged into the blockchain. So,
OP_EXEC or OP_EXEC_ASSIGN opcodes are used to trigger these special processes. When an
EVM is executed by OP_EXEC or OP_EXEC_ASSIGN, it can change its state in the database. The
outputs of these opcodes are spendable, which prevents the Html Blockchain from becoming
too large.

Assign Funds and/or Message Contract TX
Inputs

Outputs

Spend pubkeyhash
from wallet

Output with data and
money for contract

Change output to
send to pubkeyhash
wallet address

Authentication of
data as being sent
from pubkeyhash

Execute EVM
bytecode, with
provided data

OP_EXEC_ASSIGN
coins belonging to
spending contract

HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER | 15

OP_EXEC_ASSIGN is another opcode that gives money to a smart contract. It is like OP_EXEC

but has a different mode. When a smart contract is deployed on the Html Blockchain, it is
assigned with a transaction hash and has zero balance. To send coins/currency to that contract,
you can use the opcode OP_EXEC_ASSIGN.
The output script would be:

1; the version of the VM
10000; gas limit for the transaction
100; gas price in Htmlcoins
0xF012; data to send the contract (usually using the Solidity ABI)
0x1452b22265803b201ac1f8bb25840cb70afe3303; ripemd-160 hash of contract txid
OP_EXEC_ASSIGN
The Output value – Gaslimit will give you the actual value amount given to the contract.
OP_TXHASH is an opcode that pushes transaction ID hash of the currently executing

transaction. It returns a value 1 when the transaction hash passed to it exists in the Expected
Contract Transaction List and 0 when the transaction hash does not exist in the list.
HTMLCOIN PLATFORM STANDARD TYPES

Currently, the Html Blockchain platform uses two standard transaction types.
To deploy a new contract, the standard script template is:
1; the version of the VM
[Gas limit]
[Gas price]
[Contract EVM bytecode]
OP_EXEC
For existing contracts, the standard script template is:
1; the version of the VM
[Gas limit]
[Gas price]
[Data to send to the contract]
[rip-emd160 hash of contract transaction id]
OP_EXEC_ASSIGN

16 | HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER

HTMLCOIN GAS MODEL

To add Turing completeness to the blockchain, Htmlcoin has imported the gas model from
Ethereum. In the gas concept, every executed EVM has a price. When a transaction happens, a
certain amount of gas is spent and the remaining gas is refunded to the sender. However, gas
prices of EVMs differ from Ethereum. This is because certain operations on Htmlcoin are more
expensive than in Ethereum, while some operations are cheaper. When creating a contract,
the gas limit and the price is determined in Htmlcoins. Gas refunding is done either fully or
partially.

Smart contract
funding transaction

Execute EVM

Yes
Ran out of
Gad

Create new coinbase
output to send output
value to sender,
keeping fees for
miner

Done

No

Assign funds to
contract and make
spendable by
contract

OP_EXEC_ASSIGN
coins belonging to
spending contract

Yes
Html Gas

No

Done

Create new coinbase
output to send back
to sender

Done

HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER | 17

7. MARKET ANALYSIS
FREELANCE ECONOMY

The evolving freelance marketplace has captured massive interest in the last decade. New
terms, such as “the digital economy,”“the sharing economy,”“crowdsourcing,” and “freelancers”
have come to describe this new and unique phenomenon, one in which individuals work and
get paid without being committed to a particular employer.
Freelance marketplaces supply public and private sectors with unique and specialized skills
and talent. In the US, independent professionals generate $1.2 trillion per year (about 6
per cent of the US GDP).1 In the UK, according to a report published by the Association of
Independent Professionals and the Self-Employed (IPSE), a total of £119 billion is generated
by freelancers per year.2
FREELANCE WORKFORCE SIZE

There are 55 million freelancers in the United States today. By 2020, 50% of the US workforce
will be freelancers.3

55 million americans
are freelancing
That’s 35% of the US workforce

Nearly

54
53

55

Million

Million

Million

+ 2 MILLION
2014

2015

2016

Source: https://blog.freelancersunion.org/2016/10/06/freelancing-in-america-2016/

18 | HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER

In the UK, the number of freelancers rose 43% from 1.4 million in 2008 to 2 million in 2016,
with 234,000 professionals combining employment and freelance work. Furthermore, of the
5 million self-employed professionals in the UK, 43% of them work as freelancers.2 A report
published in May 2016 by the European Forum of Independent Professionals (EFIP) stated
that the number of independent professionals rose 45% from 2004 to 2013 (6.1 million to 8.9
million).4 The report further stated that independent professionals are the fastest growing
group in the EU labor market. Moreover, studies are finding that millennial graduates regard
freelancing as a highly attractive career option. Clearly, the freelance marketplace is on the
rise, and Htmlcoin is responding.

Millennial attitudes towards freelancing

87%

69%
GRADUATES

GRADUATES

See freelancing
as a highly
attrective
career option

Say independent
work offers better
work-life balance

Say freelancing
is part of their
career strategy

GRADUATES

29%

Source: http://blog.unify.com/2015/07/rise-freelance-workforce-new-way-work/

8. HTMLCOIN.BUSINESS
Providing services on the Html Blockchain for freelancers and talent seekers formed the basis
of what the Htmlcoin Foundation considers one of its most innovative initiatives: Htmlcoin.
Business

We have developed Htmlcoin.Business, an interactive platform (running on the Html
Blockchain) that is designed to help unlock the highest potential in all people.
Through our substantial outreach and engagement efforts, we have allied a global community
of freelancers, jobseekers, digital companies, and other contributors actively involved in
helping to further develop and enhance our platform. These subscribers are dedicated to
making Htmlcoin.Business their preferred platform for worldwide collaboration.

HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER | 19

Our vision is for Htmlcoin.Business to be the preferred tool for freelancers, businesses,
governments, students, and job seekers to connect and contribute to the strengthening of
local and world economies.
While the Htmlcoin Foundation has done extensive research regarding the integration of the
Html Blockchain into the world-wide freelance economy (as noted in our Market Analysis),
and sees it as an integral part of the Htmlcoin business plan, it is by no means the only usage
model for Htmlcoin.Business. Htmlcoin.Business was built with the ability to serve a number
of integration models. Below are some of the Htmlcoin.Business initiatives:
HTMLCOIN.BUSINESS FOR FREELANCERS

The Html Blockchain platform will serve as an excellent networking market for freelancers and
businesses/companies to connect. Additionally, through the Htmlcoin platform, freelancers
will have access to training courses that are designed specifically to help them develop the
skills needed by talent seekers (e.g., governments, businesses, organizations, etc.). Once they
complete a Htmlcoin training course, freelancers will receive a certificate, which will further
be verified using Proof of Developer (POD), ensuring their suitability to undertake various
projects. Expanding the freelance marketplace should reduce the barriers to independent
contracting and help talent seekers find suitable candidates for their tasks.
The increasing number of freelancers across the globe will have greater control over the work
they undertake. Freelancers will be able to charge a competitive rate for a project without
having to pay a large amount of money as a commission to a third party such as a recruiter.
The Htmlcoin platform will enable freelancers to develop their own portfolio of work and build
loyalties with their clients. The platform will also support consistent and reliable feedback,
which will help freelancers build their brands and competitively compete in the freelance
environment.
HTMLCOIN.BUSINESS FOR TALENT SEEKERS

The Htmlcoin.Business platform will provide cost-effective methods for businesses and
companies to seek talent that challenges traditional methods of recruiting (e.g., recruitment
agencies), including cheaper and more efficient identification verification processes. The
platform will verify all freelancers using POD, and ensure their suitability for undertaking
various tasks.
With more adaptation to, and adoption of, the freelance industry, businesses and organizations
will be able to benefit from sourcing verified talent across the globe at reduced costs, which
will save time and allow for greater organizational flexibility and agility. With POD, talent
seekers will be able to hire suitable candidates without the necessity of running background
checks and validating right-to-work documents. Candidates will be verified and classified on
the Html Blockchain, ensuring regulated contracts based on reliable data.

20 | HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER

HTMLCOIN.BUSINESS FOR E-LEARNERS

One of the preeminent components of Htmlcoin.Business is its e-learning platform, which not
only provides education for all, but directly addresses accessibility challenges in providing
opportunities for minorities and vulnerable groups.
We have developed a flexible learning environment and curriculum that makes it possible
for all our students to learn new skills, such as web development, programming, or online
marketing. Mastery of these skills will enable our students to enter the market and offer their
services at competitive rates.
We provide learning certifications for our students. Each certification will be registered in the
blockchain making it authentic, traceable, and impossible to falsify.
The digital foundation of our e-learning platform’s architecture allows us to scale our learning
programs to train hundreds and even thousands of participants. This gives us a clear advantage
over some of our brick and mortar competitors
HTMLCOIN.BUSINESS FOR BUSINESSES

With the rise of the internet and internet marketing in recent years, many companies have
found themselves missing opportunities to grow and achieve their financial goals. One of
the main reasons for this stems from a lack of understanding of how to successfully use
online marketing tools to achieve an effective online presence and grow a customer base.
Consequently, companies are losing sales to competitors that are utilizing online tools, such
as fast lead generators.
Htmlcoin.Business will put local businesses back in the game by providing them with their
own tailor-made lead generators so that they can compete with, and eventually surpass, the
competition. We want to help these companies unlock the power of the internet in a simple
and cost-effective manner.
Each business has a unique profile page (micro-website) in which they can advertise their
products and services to potential customers. These micro-sites are highly optimized for
greater visibility in all search engines.
One of the most important aspects of our Htmlcoin.Business platform is its adoption of Google
and Web 3.0 high-tech applications such as:

HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER | 21

•
•
•
•
•

Street view standard integrated into the platform for all participants
3D video and hyperlapses of routes
Optional digital tour through the store (bv Google Tour Dash)
Optional augmented reality applications
Shopping in the online webshop

HTMLCOIN.BUSINESS FOR STUDENTS

Our e-learning students will have FREE access to the platform’s digital tools, which are
extremely expensive in other platforms and often simply unaffordable for many.
Why do we do this?
We believe that everyone, regardless of their economic means, should have the opportunity
to participate and succeed in every step of the online initiatives underlined in our program.
We want all our students to not only gain valuable experience from our program, but to enjoy
themselves as well. Our aim is to help people succeed and achieve their goals through the use
of Htmlcoin.Business.
Our most comprehensive services and e-learning modules include:
•
•
•
•
•

Online SEO cost savings
Marketing tools
Video marketing
Time savings for article marketing
Content marketing and promotion

These services allow each of our students to contribute to a socially responsible ecosystem
where organizations and individuals work together in partnership with Htmlcoin.Business to
improve their local economies.
HTMLCOIN.BUSINESS FOR LOCAL GOVERNMENTS:

Our goal is to have job-training projects coordinated by local governments around the world,
so they can intercede on behalf of both students and businesses, creating a social innovation
ecosystem and a co-partnership between all parties. This relationship will benefit all concerned
and help to bolster local economies.
Htmlcoin.Business wants to help make blockchain technology easy to use and available to all.
OUR EFFORTS

Htmlcoin and Htmlcoin.Business are already actively engaged with large companies, venture
capital firms, and local governments. A key part of our marketing strategy is to

22 | HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER

initiate a media campaign that announces these partnerships. This will be a win-win scenario
for all and will further show progressive movement in the industry as we establish our position
as a “name brand.” Early, positive feedback from governments indicates a keen interest in our
platform as a practical, cost-reductive way to integrate individuals and vulnerable groups into
local markets.
Htmlcoin developers are working very hard to develop a range of innovative applications to
distinguish the Htmlcoin.Business platform. One such application is a set of service directories
for businesses that facilitates self-discovery of targeted skills, offerings, and capabilities.
WHO ARE OUR CLIENTS?

1. Freelancers: Freelancers represent a person, group of people, or an organization willing to
provide a service on the Htmlcoin.Business platform. For instance, freelancers can be one of
our e-learning students; a consultant; a company providing online services, such as digital,
search engine optimization (SEO), and marketing; or an individual providing professional
online business services.
2. Businesses: Businesses represent a person, group of people, or an organization willing
to provide services on the Html.Business platform and/or use it to consume the services
provided by a freelancer.
3. Governments: Governments represent any local, municipal, state, provincial, or nationwide governing authority that is using Htmlcoin.Business, either in partnership with a
local business or on their own accord, to help improve its administrative procedures and,
ultimately, its economy.
WHAT IS OUR VALUE PROPOSITION?

1. We connect freelancers with businesses through the context of digital, SEO, and marketing
services.
2. We streamline the process that freelancers, jobseekers, digital companies (SEO, marketing
companies, etc.) use to broadcast their capabilities and provide their services.
3. We provide an e-learning platform, focusing outreach to minority and other vulnerable
groups of people that enable them to learn new skills, such as web development,
programming, or online marketing, so they can re-enter or enter the market to provide
their services.
4. We offer services to businesses at competitive prices that allow them to realize more
revenue by applying strategic, online marketing techniques.

HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER | 23

5. We provide a decentralized storage platform to freelancers and businesses.
6. We provide service directories for businesses through our Htmlcoin.Business platform.
7. We offer a payment method between freelancers and businesses.
8. We offer an indisputable ledger of achieved skillsets and credentials for community
participants.
9. On occasion, we co-sponsor projects that represent a humanitarian cause and enable the
re-insertion of vulnerable groups of people back into the workforce.
WHAT ARE OUR RESOURCES?

Our team is composed of web developers/programmers and online marketers with extensive
experience in different markets. The Htmlcoin Foundation is the backbone of Htmlcoin
and aims at assembling all stakeholders together, such as potential partners, freelancers,
businesses, cryptocurrency experts, etc.
WHAT ARE OUR KEY ACTIVITIES AND SHORT-TERM GOALS?

1. Develop and launch an e-learning platform through Htmlcoin.Business.
2. Develop and launch a freelance platform (website + iOS/Android mobile application).
3. List Htmlcoin on new exchanges.
4. Promote Htmlcoin to the public, freelancers, businesses, and governments.
5. Enhance coin technology (e.g., APIs creation).
WHO ARE OUR KEY PARTNERS?

1. Our customers are our key partners in the sense that they will be integral to spreading the
word about Htmlcoin and welcoming new freelancers and businesses into the Htmlcoin
family.
2. Htmlcoin aims to develop close relationships with credit card companies as we explore
possible modes of enabling people to buy Htmlcoin directly through our platform, Htmlcoin.
Business, or in working closely with third-party services that enable users to exchange fiat
currency for cryptocurrency (As this is an ever-evolving area of law, Htmlcoin is currently
exploring all legal ramifications of such a service and will only continue investment in this
area if there is a clear path forward that complies with all applicable laws).

24 | HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER

3. Platform exchanges are key partners as they provide a secondary market for people to
acquire Htmlcoins.
4. Htmlcoin ambassadors will approach and encourage local governments, organizations,
companies, career counsellors, rehabilitation centers, and other organizations to join the
platform.
WHAT CHANNELS DO WE USE TO DELIVER OUR VALUE PROPOSITION?

The Htmlcoin.Business website and its mobile applications (iOS and Android) will be the
platform that will enable freelancers to learn new skills, obtain certifications, and provide their
services.
WHAT IS OUR COST STRUCTURE?

1. Hosting represents a monthly fixed cost for Htmlcoin.
2. Rewards will be attributed in coins to the core team by pro rata of their contribution. The
exact amount and calculation is to be defined by the Executive Committee.
3. Listing of the coin on various exchanges represents a consequent cost for Htmlcoin.
4. Eventually, the remaining cost will be primarily marketing and business/freelance
acquisition costs.
WHAT ARE OUR REVENUE STREAMS?

A transaction fee will be deducted from each transaction between Htmlcoin.Business platform
users.
WHY DO WE USE “HTML” IN OUR BRAND IDENTITY?

Many pages on the internet are written in a language called Hypertext Markup Language
(HTML). HTML is one of the most famous markup languages for creating web pages and web
applications. The name “Htmlcoin” is meant to honor and evoke the legacy of this markup
language as a symbol of what we are willing to achieve: an open business model accessible to
all who master the “syntax” of participating in the digital economy.

HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER | 25

COMPLIANCE

The cryptocurrency and blockchain tech space, in its nascent stage, presents more questions
than answers when it comes to regulatory compliance. For this reason, Htmlcoin employs the
approach of erring on the side of caution. As an Illinois entity, Htmlcoin and its affiliates strictly
adhere to well-established corporate law and business principles, in addition to keeping a
close watch on the evolving legal landscape of cryptocurrency regulation. As a software and
platform provider, Htmlcoin is not engaged in any of the financial or quasi-financial activities
that would require or suggest future requirements of U.S. state or federal or international
financial regulation.
Additionally, Htmlcoin has not and will not raise funds using an Initial Coin Offering (ICO)
or other source of public investment. As the body of regulatory requirements in the
cryptocurrency and blockchain tech space grows, Htmlcoin will continue to operate with the
highest legal and ethical standards, setting the bar for the industry. In addition to internal
compliance, Htmlcoin and Htmlcoin.Business demand strict adherence to all applicable laws
and ethical standards by its partners, the Htmlcoin community, and the users of all Htmlcoin
and Htmlcoin.Business platforms.
INCLUSION

Htmlcoin’s commitment to inclusion means we, as the platform provider, commit to providing
equal opportunity and service to everyone, regardless of ability/disability, race, age, sex,
gender, sexual orientation, color, national origin, religion, socio-economic status, or other
protected class. Htmlcoin holds its partners and the users of the Htmlcoin and Htmlcoin.
Business platforms to the same high standards for diversity and inclusion.

26 | HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER

9. ROADMAP AND PROJECTS
(The 5-year HTMLCOIN Business Plan 2017-2022)
COIN RELEASE (Implementation: Coin release date)

HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER | 27

COIN INFRASTRUCTURE (Implementation: 1 to 6 months after release)

28 | HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER

DOCUMENTATION (1 to 2 months after release)

HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER | 29

ONGOING PROJECTS (Implementation: 1 to 2 years after release)

30 | HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER

EDUCATIONAL TECHNOLOGY (Implementation: 1 to 2 years after release)

HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER | 31

COIN ECOSYSTEM (Implementation: 1 to 3 years after release)

32 | HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER

Html Blockchain APPLICATION (Implementation: 3 to 5 years after release)

HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER | 33

10. GOVERNANCE OF THE Html Blockchain
THE HTMLCOIN FOUNDATION

The Htmlcoin Foundation is a non-profit organization established in Chicago in September
2017.
The purpose of the Foundation is to continue to develop the Html Blockchain through the use
of transparent governance, and to promote the philosophies and values of the open source
community to which it owes so much.
Strong governance, self-regulation, and demonstrable controls lie at the core of the growing
blockchain industry. In order to avoid the inconsistency of transactions or activities that
are contrary to the design concept of the Html Blockchain, the Foundation is committed
to developing a robust governance structure that will provide customers and users of Html
Blockchain services the oversight and general assurances necessary to ensure their activities
operate safely and securely.
GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE

The design of the Foundation’s governance will be based on sustainability, management,
quality leadership, and maintaining a strong financial basis for the projects in the open source
community.
The Foundation’s Judgment Committee is currently comprised of the Chief Executive, Coin
Founder, Executive Vice-Presidents, and Counsel. They will make operational decisions on
all important matters and hold the authority to delegate Committee activities to affiliated
or subordinate groups. The ultimate management and financial decision-making authority
of the Foundation is vested solely in the Chief Executive, with advice and counsel from the
Foundation Board, Judgment Committee, and any other appropriate advisors. In all matters,
the Chief Executive, in his or her sole discretion, holds the ultimate authority to override,
reverse, or veto any decisions of the functional committees.
The Foundation consists of technology leaders, developers, and functional committees. The
structure will include:
• Judgment Committee. The Judgment Committee is responsible for appointing or

dismissing the leaders of each functional committee, making important decisions,
holding emergency meetings, etc.

• Application Committee. When the underlying Html Blockchain infrastructure is fully

developed, the Application Committee will select suitable applicants in both commercialand community-use cases to implement services on the Html Blockchain. This will include
due consideration of the purpose, ethics, and contribution to the Htmlcoin philosophy.

34 | HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER

• Code Review Committee. The Code Review Committee is made up of members of

Htmlcoin’s technology leadership and core development team, who are responsible
for the underlying development, API, product development, network resilience, etc.
Developers will hold weekly meetings to track project status, discuss issues, and establish
priorities.
• Finance and Human Resource Committee. The Finance and Human Resource Committee

is responsible for the project financial monitoring, developer compensation, operation
expenses, monitoring, recruitment, talent management, performance review, staff onboarding and off-boarding, and management of the Foundation’s investments.
• Marketing and Public Relations Committee. The Marketing and Public Relations Committee

shall serve the global Htmlcoin community and promote technology, products, and
open source projects. In addition, the Committee shall make public announcements and
participate in the growing dialogue between industry groups, regulators, and national
governments.
RISK MANAGEMENT, ASSESSMENT, AND DECISION MAKING

In order to develop and refine the risk management system, the Foundation requires an annual
sustainability assessment of the Html Blockchain. The assessment covers project quality,
progress, and application; for example, smart contract and simple contract implementations,
threat identification analysis, internal control analysis, and risk identification and treatment.
The Foundation categorizes incidents according to factors, such as the severity and scope of
the impact, the likelihood of occurrence, and the impact on the stability of the Html Blockchain
economy.
For any high priority incidents, which include business and code-related events, the relevant
committee is required to make decisions in a timely manner, with a response proportional to
the nature of the incident.
Regarding all business matters and business decisions, meetings are held by the members of
the Foundation. Decisions are made by the Finance and Human Resource Committee, which,
at its discretion, may request an opinion from the Judgment Committee on especially difficult
questions or on decisions of especially broad scope.
For code-related events in the open source community and the use of funding, the decisionmaking process is usually done via voting.

HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER | 35

The Foundation will use voting mechanisms to avoid disputes. However, where legitimate
disputes arise, or in the case of emergency events and events of especially broad scope (e.g.,
events affecting the entire community), the Judgment Committee will use a bypass system to
make decisions, weighing prior voting results when available, or without prior voting results
in the case of an emergency event.
FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT OF THE FOUNDATION

The financial management of the Foundation includes daily financial management and
digital asset management. Day-to-day financial management decision-making authority is
vested in the Finance and Human Resource Committee, with advice and counsel from the
Judgment Committee, the Foundation Board, and any other appropriate advisors. The financial
operational budget may include developers’ travel expenses, staff salaries, office expenses,
daily operational expenses, etc. At the discretion of the Judgment Committee, the financial
decision-making authority may be delegated, assigned, or re-assigned to or divested of any
appropriate party, or outsourced to a professional financial management entity. Any such
delegation, assignment, re-assignment, or divestiture can be freely revoked at the discretion
of the Judgment Committee.
Digital assets within the Foundation and Developer Fund are managed by the Judgment
Committee or other authorized personnel, with final decision-making or override authority
vested in the Chief Executive, including wallet management, transferred digital assets, other
digital currencies switches, digital currency withdrawals, etc.

68%
Swapped coins
48.1b

11%
Swapped process
7.75b

4%
Team costs
3b

10%
Dev fund
7b

7%
Foundation fund
7b

36 | HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER

11. HTMLCOIN HISTORY
Htmlcoin was conceptualized and founded by Amando Boncales, a doctoral student in
Instructional Technology at Northern Illinois University. Boncales often says that he was
driven to find something to pass the time during what turned out to be one of the coldest
and snowiest winters on record in the Great Lakes Region that year. But realistically, he was
driven by much more than that.
It was 2014, and Bitcoin and other alt coins of the crypto world were beginning to firmly
establish themselves as more than just fads. Boncales saw the potential in cryptocurrencies,
but even more so, he saw the potential in the blockchain technology that all cryptocurrencies
are built upon and networked on. He believes that the blockchain is the technology of
tomorrow and harbors an important key to improving humanity’s future. Admittedly, this is
somewhat of a bold statement, but Boncales does not shy away from it. Htmlcoin was inspired
by his vision and belief that technology that focuses on serving and helping people can, and
will, make a difference.
He officially released Htmlcoin on March 8, 2014. The date was purposely selected because
of the significance of the number 8, and the belief, in many Asian cultures, that the number
8 symbolizes infinity and boundless possibilities. Boncales liked the karma and cultural
association of the number and felt it was imperative to start a coin intended for all people on
a date that held importance to a group of people.
His immediate inspiration for Htmlcoin was to create a coin that had more security than Bitcoin;
one that, among other features, would shield businesses and individuals from chargebacks
and non-reputable drop shippers. But he also wanted to harness the massive potential of the
blockchain. He wanted to go beyond creating a coin that just served as a form of payment.
He wanted to grow a communication tool, a technological tool, and an educational tool.
He wanted to build a coin that possessed the abilities to bring people together and to help
improve their everyday lives.
Since 2014, Boncales has firmly established Htmlcoin in the crypto world. He has also given
birth to a vibrant community that has embraced Htmlcoin and who share his vision for its
future growth into the mainstream. Htmlcoin was born out of Boncales’ conviction and
passion that one man, one community, and one coin, can make a difference.

HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER | 37

12. HTMLCOIN TODAY
Htmlcoin is not an ICO. It was established in 2014 and has been actively trading on exchanges
since its inception. This white paper and the fall 2017 HTMLCOIN coin swap represent the next
stage in Htmlcoin’s development and growth. To signify this important stage, a new logo has
been developed; one that pays respect to the committed community that gave birth to the
coin and continues to support and develop it through these next key developmental stages.

MOTTOS

The Latin motto that reads “Fortes Fortuna Adiuvat,” which translates “Fortune Favors the
Bold” represents the daring nature of fellow Htmlcoiners that supported our community and
the coin since its beginnings in March 2014.
The smaller English motto reads “In Blockchain We Trust,” which is a word play on the motto
“In God We Trust” found on US currency. It is meant to signify Htmlcoin’s utilization of many
applications of blockchain technology, including smart contracts, an account abstraction
layer, and decentralized applications, to name just a few of the many features that have been
added in 2017.
THE HTMLCOIN COMMUNITY

The community developers and Htmlcoiners who participated in the special Htmlcoin world
meeting on June 17, 2017, where the next phase of development of Htmlcoin was discussed
and agreed upon, are represented on the edge of the inner circle of the coin image. Important
places and countries in Htmlcoin history are also included on the logo. Htmlcoin is about
community, and the logo was developed, paying respect to community contributors by
including them on the logo.
Htmlcoin is a large, and growing ever larger, global community striving to push blockchain to
its limits to help, assist, and aid others to better everyone’s daily lives. CEO Amando Boncales
constantly refers to the Htmlcoin community as “family,” and the community is responding
positively by behaving as such.

38 | HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER

13. THE HTMLCOIN FOUNDATION
In order to support the Htmlcoin and its ever-growing community, Boncales created the
Htmlcoin Foundation. It serves as the coordinating body of the Htmlcoin community,
providing educational, social, and technical support to its members and Htmlcoin users.
The Htmlcoin Foundation is based in Chicago and supports the software which enables the
Html Blockchain platform to grow as an eco-system for others to build their advanced smart
contract and distributed application services on.
• The Htmlcoin Foundation acts as an aggregator for capabilities, which may include
technology, such as API’s, template solutions, and re-use of shared assets via https://
github.com/HTMLCOIN/HTML5.
• The Htmlcoin Foundation will support companies, startups, and public-sector bodies
that use the Html Blockchain by providing access to re-usable assets. This might include
training material, re-usable project templates, and example business cases.
• The Htmlcoin Foundation will support and represent the needs and views of the global
Htmlcoin community. The Htmlcoin community commits their resources to the network
through staking, mining, and other activities, which ultimately provides resilience and
strength to the network.
• The Htmlcoin Foundation provides a window into the projects and services running on
the platform while ensuring controls are in place to help the network remain robust and
secure.
• The Htmlcoin Foundation has no direct competition on the Html Blockchain, but similar
organizations support their own smart contract offers on other blockchains, including
Ethereum, Waves, NEO, QTUM, NEM, IOTA, LISK, ARK, and Augur.
• The Htmlcoin Foundation will provide consistently high quality blockchain capabilities
through:
o Setting high professional standards and self-regulation.
o Participating and encouraging cross-industry collaboration.
o Respecting users, the global community, and all stakeholders in the Html Blockchain
economy.

HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER | 39

HTMLCOIN FOUNDATION COMMUNITY

The Foundation is made up of the CEO (Boncales), the executive vice-presidents, the directors,
and all the supporting Foundation members, from legal counsel through to the Foundation’s
graphic artists. The philosophy behind the Foundation is to create a community that will
develop, enhance, support, and promote Htmlcoin with a shared sense of pride and purpose.
Essentially, the Htmlcoin Foundation is like a family.
Creating a sense of family has always been one of Boncales’ overarching visions for Htmlcoin.
As the coin continues to evolve, so too does its support and sense of family amongst its
Foundation members. Mind you, this is not all that surprising given that Boncales was careful
to recruit individuals who not only had the appropriate expertise, but who also shared his
belief in the importance of community and family.
Every member of the Foundation is proud of the role they serve and is excited to be a part of
the Foundation as they work together to bring Htmlcoin to the masses. But beyond that, there
is a shared belief amongst all members to open the doors of the Foundation to everyone.
All ideas, philosophies, and people are welcome. Growth, development, and inclusion are
important elements of the Foundation
Boncales could have simply called the Foundation the Htmlcoin team, but he developed the
Foundation because he wanted to create a Htmlcoin community and family. After all, a closeknit family is often more committed and stronger than any team.
HTMLCOIN FOUNDATION EXECUTIVE MEMBERS:
Amando Boncales
BA, Grad. Cert. Distance Ed., Grad. Cert. Museum, MS Ed, MA, PhDc.
Chief Executive Officer and Founder

“I believe our common aspirations, goals, and experiences will guide the movement and
advancement of ‘decentralized technology’ in the blockchain environment. As a blockchain
evangelist, my goal is to deliver, through Htmlcoin, innovative distributed ledger-based
products, services, and educational opportunities.”
• Education
o Doctoral Candidate in Instructional Technology, May 2018, Northern Illinois
University.
o M.A. in History (US Foreign Policy in Southeast Asia), May 2013, Northern Illinois,
University.
o M.S.Ed in Instructional Technology, December 2012, Northern Illinois University.
o Graduate Certificate in Museum Studies, December 2009, Northern Illinois
University.
o B.A. in History, Mindanao State University-Iligan Institute of Technology, Philippines.

40 | HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER

Boncales previously worked for the American College of Chest Physicians where he developed
and implemented online technologies and courses for medical professionals. He also has
extensive experience building online materials for the adult and higher education sectors.
Boncales is also a Google certified Online Professional for Google Education.
Boncales’ research and interests are in the areas of “Cryptocurrency Community of Practice,”
digital currency users as a community of learners, sharing technical skills with others,
and facilitating the exchange of ideas. He is interested in using the theory of “Diffusion of
Innovation” to adapt new technology to help facilitate the adoption of digital currency as
a medium of exchange that is easy for new users to learn and embrace. Boncales is also
passionate about education and regards the blockchain as the next great vehicle to expand
and grow educational opportunities for all.
Arjen Breedt
Executive Vice-President
Investor and Community Development

Arjen has worked in the lead generation industry for 15+ years and is experienced in developing
strategies for lead generation and B2B marketing. He is an expert in developing tools and
strategies to connect companies and governments in order to boost, develop, and benefit
local economies. He is an influencer and advocate for corporate social responsibility. He is a
strategic advisor, online competition analyst, innovator, web developer, and SEO expert.
Arturo Morales - BSc
Executive Vice-President
Marketing and Sales

Arturo is experienced in marketing and fundraising for non-profit organizations. He has
extensive experience in search engine optimization (SEO), business coaching, public
speaking, management, and leadership. He is also a skilled social marketing campaign
specialist and internet marketing consultant. He specializes in developing insightful and
thorough recommendations to improve technical design for both on-page and off-page web
enhancements. Added to his skills are a strong accounting background and a Bachelor’s of
Science in Sociology from Brigham Young University.
Zac Smith - BIT, MSCSIA
Executive-Vice President
Educational Technology

Zac is a strong research professional with a bachelor’s degree focused in Information and
Communication Technology from New Mexico State University and a Master’s of Science in
Cybersecurity and Information Assurance (2018) from Western Governors University. He is a
researcher with a demonstrated history working in the market research industry. He is highly
proficient in Windows, OS X, Linux, technical education development, Ruby on Rails, data
science, web and mobile app development, Java EE, and web/software vulnerability testing.

HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER | 41

Simon Telfer- BESc
Executive Vice-President
Business Development and Innovation

Simon is a director and technology evangelist with more than 25 years of experience. His motto
has always been, “keep IT simple.” His experience includes pre-sales and solution leadership
in major outsourcing pursuit activities, construction of service responses, propositions, and
go-to market capabilities across multiple channels. He brings to the Foundation extensive
skills in leadership of complex programs and outcome based outsourcing portfolios using
application, infrastructure and BPO capabilities. He is also skilled in commercial management,
pragmatic resolution of issues, and business case delivery.
Rey Ty
Executive Vice-President
Research and Publications

Rey has worked as a consultant, planning strategist, and program administrator for influential
internationally based technology companies. He brings years of experience in project
management, resource and organizational development, economic development, and
environmental and sustainable development to the Foundation. He is also an active advocate
for human rights, social justice, and peace.
Julia Ezeji
Associate Executive Vice-President
Marketing

Julia studied computer science and has applied those skills to become experienced at online
and offline marketing. She has developed many social media campaigns and is a master with
customer care relationships. Having dealt with so many varying situations that arise in the
online marketing world, she has developed keen negotiation skills and is regarded highly for
her ability to resolve complex situations to the equal benefit of all parties concerned.

42 | HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER

Cole D. Garrett
Esq., BSME, IP.Cert, PSM I
Senior Executive Legal Counsel

Cole is an Illinois-licensed attorney and mechanical engineer. He is an experienced policy and
compliance adviser who is skilled at navigating complex contracts and regulatory frameworks.
He is a Professional Scrum Master (PSM I) with proficiency in the application of Lean Six Sigma
and agile methodologies in both engineering and legal collaborative environments. He also
considers himself to be a blockchain, cryptography, and cybersecurity geek to the core.
In his role as legal counsel to the Htmlcoin Foundation, he is dedicated to upholding the
absolute integrity of the organization. He serves the Foundation board, the executive team,
and, ultimately, the Htmlcoin community at large by analyzing and evaluating legal risk and
demanding rigorous legal compliance in the crypto domain. As a blockchain evangelist and
member of the legal community, he works to preserve Htmlcoin and its partners’ reputations
as ethical and principled entities.

Citations:
1. “Number of Independent Workers in the U.S. Continues Steady Climb, According to MBO
Partners’ 7th Annual State of Independence Report.” MBO Partners, 13 Jun. 2017,
https://www.mbopartners.com/press-releases/mbo-partners-7th-annual-state-of-independence-report

2. Jenkins, Kayte. “Exploring the UK Freelance Workforce in 2016.” The Association of
Independent Professionals and the Self Employed (IPSE), Feb. 2017,
https://www.ipse.co.uk/sites/default/files/documents/research/exploring_the_uk_freelance_workforce_in_2016_v2.pdf

3. Rashid, Brian. “The Rise of the Freelancer Economy.” Leadership, Forbes, 26 Jan. 2016,
https://www.forbes.com/sites/brianrashid/2016/01/26/the-rise-of-the-freelancer-economy/#69464d853bdf

https://www.

forbes.com/sites/brianrashid/2016/01/26/the-rise-of-the-freelancer-economy/#69464d853bdf

4. Leighton, Patricia. “Future Working: The Rise of Europe’s Independent Professionals
(iPROS).” European Forum of Independent Professionals (EFIP), 2013,
http://www.efip.org/sites/default/files/Future_Working_Full_Report.pdf

HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER | 43

White Paper Authors and Contributors:
Amando Boncales - BA, Grad. Cert. Distance Ed., Grad. Cert. Museum, MS Ed, MA, PhDc

Chief Executive Officer, Fellow Htmlcoin Foundation
Rich Chambers - BA, MA

Director of Publications, Htmlcoin Foundation
Simon Telfer - BESc

Executive Vice-President of Business Development and Innovation, Htmlcoin Foundation
Cole Garrett - Esq., BSME, IP.Cert, PSM I

Senior Executive Legal Counsel, Htmlcoin Foundation
Arjen Breedt

Executive Vice-President of Investor and Community Development, Htmlcoin Foundation
Arturo Morales - BSc

Vice-President of Marketing, Htmlcoin Foundation
Zac Smith - BIT, MSCSIA

Executive Vice-President of Educational Technology, Fellow Htmlcoin Foundation

44 | HTMLCOIN WHITE PAPER

