Huobi Pool Token (HPT)
Overview of HPT
Digital currencies based on the blockchain technology have been developing by leaps and
bounds ever since the birth of digital currencies. As almost all cryptocurrencies have to be
generated through some form of consensus mechanism, mining has become the
cornerstone of the entire cryptocurrency industry. Boosted by the phenomenal expansion
of the industry, the mining pool business has also been growing rapidly, with the market
size of the entire mining service exceeding US$ 2 billion by the end of the first quarter of
2018.
With the expansion of business came fierce competition. Spurred by the vigorous
development of the cryptocurrency market, the mining models have been changing with
each passing day, which brings opportunities for the mining pool sector as well as
numerous challenges to the industry. Each mining pool is now faced with this question:
how to bring more comprehensive business, more stable income, more considerate
services and more reliable guarantee to various types of miners.
Our Mission
We believe that mining pools that can provide comprehensive services to miners should
be the model that traditional mining pools should reshape themselves into. We propose to
redefine mining pool business as a "digital asset production platform" that provides
one-stop services, which range from production to sale, to token producers based on such
production mechanisms as POS, POW, DPOS, among others.
Taking as its mission “liberalizing wealth and facilitating production”, Huobi Mining Pool is
dedicated to establishing "a world-class digital asset production platform", so as to provide
a safe, fair and open production environment for all kinds of producers. At the same time,
Huobi Mining Pool also seeks to provide technical services to all kinds of digital
currencies, promote the seamless integration between Blockchain and commerce,
advance the localization of Blockchain technology, and ultimately boost social progress
and economic development.
Platform Profile
Huobi Mining Pool provides digital asset producers with a stable, safe, transparent and
open business platform. The services provided by Huobi Mining Pool covers POW mining,
POS mining, DPOS technology export service, among others.
Profitable POS Wallets
Huobi Mining Pool provides miners with wallets with built-in mining services enable miners
to obtain a stable mining revenue while storing tokens through the built-in mining business
of such wallets.
The wallets of Huobi Mining Pool attach great importance to protecting the customer's
privacy and safety, and adopts security and risk-control measures on the same level as
those taken by exchanges to safeguard the customers’ assets and bring stable incomes to
the customers.
Block Technology Export Services
Huobi Mining Pool provides technical services for DPOS/POS. Supported by its
technological prowess, Huobi Mining Pool can provide technical services to various main
chains, including main-chain start, smart contract drafting, maintenance and upgrading,
fixing vulnerabilities, settlement and liquidation, among others.
As a brand of the Huobi Group, Huobi Mining Pool is deeply involved in the eco-systems
1

of various digital currencies, and is dedicated to improving the stability and safety of
various types of currency chains, protecting the assets of various groups of customers,
including Huobi customers, and enhancing the intrinsic value of tokens.
Huobi Mining Pool has serving as a node to provide continuous technical services for
various digital currencies, including EOS.


FPPS Revenue Model

Huobi Mining Pool is based on the FPPS settlement model, which is capable of
significantly increasing the miners' income when the blocks are congested.
Compared with the traditional PPS model, in which the revenue is determined according
to the network-wide difficulties and default block revenue, the FPPS model is different in
that it includes the block fee into the block income; therefore, the mining income of miners
calculated according to the FPPS model will be increased by a large margin of 5% - 8%.


Supporting Various Cryptocurrencies

Huobi Mining Pool currently supports a range of cryptocurrencies, including BTC, BCH,
and EOS, among others, and in the future, we will include more cryptocurrencies into the
range of currencies that Huobi Mining Pool supports, so as to develop it into a high-quality
all-round digital currency mining pool.


Supporting Financial Products

Since its early days, Huobi Mining Pool has been supporting direct mining services. In the
future, Huobi Mining Pool will launch a variety of services, including computing power
hedging and cloud computing power services, which are intended re-align global energy
resources on the basis of the global layout of Huobi Group, so as to provide customers
with optimal investment options.


Multilingual Support

Huobi Mining Pool is currently available in two languages, i.e., Chinese and English; in the
future, it will be available in additional languages, so as to clearing up language barriers
hindering the development of a world-class production platform for blockchain assets.


Cross-platform Client Support

To make mining easier than ever before, Huobi Mining Pool supports clients across all
platforms: web browser, Android client, IOS client, H5 mobile browser.


High-Performance Support

The system of Huobi Mining Pool is based on a sophisticated, state-of-the-art, multi-layer
and multi-cluster system architecture, which greatly boosts the performance, safety and
stability of the system, and solves a range of problems pestering traditional mining pools,
e.g., computing power data disconnection ( 算 力 数 据 掉 线 ), disorderly switching of
computing power (算力乱切换), data instability, among others.
Profit Model
As a blockchain digital asset production platform, the incomes and profits of Huobi Mining
Pool mainly come from the remuneration generated through providing services to its
platform users and providing services to external partners.
Profit Model
Description
Handling Fee
Technical
Service Fee

When customers mine on the Platform, they need to pay a certain
amount of handling fee to the Platform.
When the Platform provides technical services for various types of
blockchains, it will charge certain fees, including technical
compensation provided by the project owner and node rewards paid
by the community, among others.
2

Handling
Charges
for
Financial
Products
DAPPS
Investment
Other Incomes

The Platform will launch other services, including computing power
hedging, cloud computing power, for which certain fees will be
charged on customers.
The Platform generates investment returns through getting deeply
involved in the ecological construction of various main chains,
exploring and cultivating potential projects, etc.
Other income earned through the export of various types of
resources owned by the Platform.

3

What is HPT
Huobi Pool Tokens (HPT) are negotiable encrypted digital certificates of rights and
interests. Their holders may get themselves deeply involved in the future development of
Huobi Mining Pool and receive a share of the achievements of Huobi Mining Pool. HPT
will become an important part, and possibly the most important cornerstone of Huobi
Token.
Huobi Mining Pool issues Huobi Pool Tokens on theEthereum, with a fixed upper limit on
the amount of HPT issued. The total number of HPT is about 10 billion, of which 20% are
airdropped to HT holders, 40% are designated as community incentives of Huobi Mining
Pool, 10% are used for HADAX private placement, 10% are earmarked as HPT
development fund, 10% are used in private placement, and the remaining 10% are used
as incentives for the team.
Relying on the rich resources and financial strength of Huobi Group, Huobi Mining Pool
adopts the stock rights certification mechanism under the premise of accommodating
various consensus mechanisms, such as POW and POS. It advocates the concept of
mining means mining, and provides users with multi-party docking entrances, including
but not limited to Hubipro, various wallets, among others.
After a user stores his/her/its encrypted assets in Huobi Mining Pool, the user then enters
the user asset value-added system. Huobi Mining Pool will participate in the node
competition of each chain, so as to protect the safety of each chain and obtain certain
profits at the same time. Furthermore, it may also engage in quantitative transactions and
borrowing&lending on the secondary market.

HPT Rights
Huobi Pool Tokens are certificates of rights and interests issued by Huobi Mining Pool,
with its number fixed at 10 billion. Huobi Mining Pool will airdrop 51% of the income to the
community builders according to their respective contribution to the community. Such
incentives are gradually released to the community through investment and computing
power mining.
Rights and Interests

Description

Airdropped Gifts

51% of the income of Huobi Mining Pool

Participation in the
EOS Special Zone

HPT holders’ suggestions will have a significant impact on
HADAX-EOS special zone.

Issuance of HPT
4

The total number of HPT is about 10 billion, of which 20% are airdropped to HT holders,
40% are used as community incentives, 10% are earmarked for HADAX private
placement, 10% are reserved as HPT development fund, 10% for used in targeted private
placement, and the remaining 10% are used as team incentives.
The Airdropped 20%
2 billion HPTs are airdropped to HT holders proportionally. At 24:00 each day, snapshots
will be taken of HT customers, so as to identify recipients to which HPT will be air-dropped
and then the HPT will be airdropped to HT holders proportionally according to their mining.
For the users who store their HT in the Huobi account system, HPT will be airdropped to
them on a daily basis proportionally according to their mining unlock ratio. For customers
who store their HT on the chains, the amount of HPT to be airdropped to each address will
be calculated by the mining pool every day and the accumulated HPT will then be
airdropped on a weekly basis on the chains.
The 10% Used in HADAX Private Placement
According to HADAX 2.0 rules, 10% of HPT are allocated to HT users who invest in us. Of
such HPT, one third will be released on the day when HPT are launched, and the rest will
be unlocked linearly and proportionally in the subsequent 11 months.
The 40% Used as Community Incentives
The total amount of HPTs used as community incentives are 4 billion. Of them, 255 million
will be used as rewards for long-time customers; of the remaining part, 50% will be issued
in the first year, 25% in the second year, 12. 5% in the third year and 12. 5% in the fourth
year.
Users of Huobi Mining Pool will obtain the computing power Hpow of Huobi Mining Pool
through POW mining or storing tokens; and Huobi Mining Pool will distribute the HPT in
equal shares to the customers’ accounts according to computing power. The formula is as
follows:
HPOW

Daily amount of HPT
allocated to a customer

Customer’s

Daily amount of HPT
to be allocated

HPOW

Total sum of
HPOW computing
power

HPOW Calculation Method
Pledging HPOW
1. Customers may obtain basic computing power by locking tokens, and obtain the time
addition coefficient by adjusting the locking time and the variety addition coefficient by
storing specific varieties.
2. Formula

5

Hpower Locking Hpower = Locked amount *Time addition coefficient*Variety addition
coefficient
Lock-up Variety: the token variety that is specified by Huobi Mining Pool and stored by
the lock-up user into the designated account.
Lock-up Amount: Huobi Mining Pool converts the tokens deposited by the customer into
USDT according to the daily quotation index of the Huobi Pro and the Huobi HADAX at 24:
00 every day, and the amount deposited by the customer is the basic computing power
held by the customer.
Time addition coefficient: a customer can freely choose 1 day, 7 days, 30 days, 60 days
or 90 days as the deposit period. The time enhancement index corresponding to each of
the period is 100%, 150%, 200%, 250% and 300% respectively.
Variety addition coefficient: Huobi Mining Pool will determine the expected total amount
of each variety of token and give different variety addition coefficients to users at different
times during the lock-up.
The specific coefficients may be adjusted according to the specific situations.
3. Access rules:
The customer completes the transfer-in before 24: 00 on Day T-1; calculation of income
starts on T, and distribution of income starts on T+1.
If the customer intends to transfer an amount of digital currency out of the account before
the fixed period expires, Huobi Mining Pool will charge a handling fee at the rate of
(number of days prior to the maturity date/360) * 20% of the principal .
Pledging HPOW
1. The customer can obtain the computing power through pledging with the Huobi Mining
Pool and voting, and the computing power can be calculated through coefficient
adjustment.
2. Formula:
Pledged Hpow = Pledged amount * time addition coefficient * variety addition coefficient
Pledged Amount: Huobi Mining Pool converts the tokens deposited by the customer into
USDT according to the daily quotation index of the Huobi Pro and the Huobi HADAX at 24:
00 every day, and the amount deposited by the customer is the basic computing power
held by the customer.
Time addition coefficient: 50%
Variety addition coefficient: the Huobi Mining Pool will determine the addition coefficient
of each variety of token.
The specific coefficient may be adjusted according to the specific situations.

6

The POW HPOW
POW users: a POW user can import the POW computing power into Huobi Mining Pool.
The value of coins mined by the user every day is converted into Hpow according to a
specific ratio according to the formula below:
POW Hpow = Mined amount * business addition coefficient
Mined amount: the digital currency excavated by the user on the day before in the Huobi
Mining Pool is converted into USDT as the basic computing power
Business addition factor:
If 1000 P > computing power of the mining pool, the business enhancement coefficient is
2000%;
When 2000P > computing power of the mining pool>1000P, the business enhancement
coefficient is 1000%;
When 3000P> the computing power of mining pool >2000P, the business enhancement
coefficient is 500%,
When the computing power of the ore pool is more than 3000P, the additional
enhancement index is 200%
The specific coefficient may be adjusted according to the specific situation.
On the basis of the POW computing power of the User on Day T-1 in the mining pool, the
tokens for the settlement cycle are issued on T Day; an equal amount of computing power
is included into the HPT mining on T day, and the income is distributed on T Day. The
mining pool will distribute the airdropped HPT to the customer's account with the Pro
Website.

Rewards for Long-time Customers
1. Community Credits: credits obtained by all community users by the launch of HPT
online will be distributed to customers according to the ratio of 1: 1.
2. Rewards for pledge users: a total of 150 million HPTs * duration of existence will be
provided as rewards for long-time users, which will be calculated from the official online
launch of Huobi EOS voting to the day prior to the HPT launch online. The amount of HPT
as such rewards is calculated according to the formula below:

number of EOS community
accounts * duration of time
Amount of HPT
distributeable
to
long-time
customers

Number
of
all
customer
community accounts * duration
of deposit time

7

老客户可分配的 HPT 量
Amount of HPT distributeable to long-time customers
HPT
3. POW Computing Power:
For those users who have computing power in the Huobi Mining Pool one week before the
online launch, they will share 70,000,000 HPT according to their mining amount in the
past three months during the settlement period.

Amount of HPT that a
long-time user may
obtain

All computing power of the
past three months
Accumulative computing
power of the user in the
past three months

The 10% Used as HPT Development Fund
The HPT development fund will be used as investment in DAPPS projects

The 10% Used in Private Placement
HPT will raise private funds from key partners of Huobi Mining Pool. 1 billion tokens will be
used in private placement according to a certain price. Of the tokens, one third will be
unlocked on the opening day and the remaining two thirds will be unlocked in installments
in 11 months following the opening day.
The raised fund will be mainly used in the following three areas:
1. gain access to more DPOS/POS nodes and gain profits by accessing more nodes;
2. increase manpower investment, build a public chain technical team and an investment
team, and provide investors with work proposals, investment income, among others.
3. update equipment to enhance competitiveness as POS and DPOS nodes

The 10% Used as Team Incentives (Unlocked manually)
HPT reserves 10% of the HPTs as team incentives. In order to ensure the stable and
sound development of the mining pool business, the team needs to unlock the part of HPT
earmarked as incentives according to the team’s performance commitment and time.
5% to be unlocked when the income of the then current month of Huobi Mining Pool
reaches the levels of performance commitments:
1st level: USD 3million or an equivalent value in tokens/month; unlock 1.5%

8

2nd level: USD 6 million or an equivalent value in tokens/month; unlock 1. 5%
3rd level: USD12 million or an equivalent value in tokens/month; unlock 2%
5% to be unlocked in three years, with 1.5%, 1.5% and 2% to be unlocked respectively in
the three years.
The 10% Used as Incentives for HADAX Private Placement
To be unlocked according to HADAX rules
HPT Lock-up Period

Type

Lock-up Period

The part used in HT airdropping

To be unlocked and distributed proportionally
according to the mined amount in the mining.

The part used for team incentives

To be unlocked proportionally according to the
performance commitment and time of Huobi
Mining Pool

The part used in for mining

No lock-up period

The part used in HPT fund

To be unlocked proportionally according to
DApp performance

The part used in private placement

1/3 to be unlocked on the first day of opening
and the remaining to be unlocked on a monthly
basis in the subsequent 11 months

The part used in HADAX events

To be unlocked according to HADAX rules

Distribution of the Airdropped Part
Huobi Mining Pool will transfer the POS/DPOS node income generated on T Day into the
Airdropping Pool on a daily basis, and the income in the Airdropping Pool will be counted
into the community reward pool.
Other incomes distributeable by the Mining Pool will be transferred into the Airdropping
Pool every Thursday, and the income from the Airdropping Pool will be counted into the
community reward pool.
Huobi Mining Pool takes a snapshot of the HPT balance in the Huobi system at 24: 00 on
the T Day. On T + 1 day, the community rewards will be distributed in equal shares to all
9

HPT holders according to the number of HPT they hold.

10

