HYBRID BLOCK
The All-In-One Crypto Trading Ecosystem

Official Whitepaper
First Published November 2017
Last Updated 5.20.18
Version 2.0

CONTENTS

Abstract
1 Introduction
• 1.1 BaseTrade™, HybridExchange™ &
HybridTerminal™
• 1.2 HybridWallet™
• 1.3 HybridFX™
• 1.4 Enhancing Global Economies
• 1.5 Strategic Markets
2 Products
• 2.1 BaseTrade™
• 2.2 HybridExchange™
• 2.3 HybridTerminal™
• 2.4 Advantages
• 2.5 Data Feed
• 2.6 HybridCentral™: Mobile App
3 HybridFX™
• 3.1 Introduction to HybridFX™
• 3.2 HybridFX™ Structure
• 3.3 Reserve Audits
• 3.4 Technology
• 3.5 HybridFX™ Token Lifecycle

PAGE 2

•
•
•
•

3.6 Proof of Reserves Process
3.7 Use Cases
3.8 Role in Developing Economies
3.9 Market Efficiency Mechanism

4 HybridWallet™
5 HybridToken™
• 5.1 Transaction Fees & Services
• 5.2 Token Trading
• 5.3 Token Distribution
• 5.4 Use of Proceeds
• 5.5 Token Storage and Security
6 Roadmap
7 Team
8 Advisors
9 Partners
10 Legal

ABSTRACT
We stand at the edge of a precipice. While the world-at-large isn’t fully aware yet, people close
to the blockchain community can feel the pending revolution. But this isn’t a sad revolution. It’s a
joyous one.
Throughout human history, we’ve seen the baton of power seized by distinct players across the
shifting eras of our evolution. From churches, to monarchs, to banks, to corporations, and now—to
the ‘collective individual.’
Never before has there been a system that can fuel independent power, somewhat ironically,
through the consensus of strangers who are all part of the same grand, decentralized ecosystem.
Never before has the prospect of borderless banking for the billions of unbanked people in thirdworld countries been a potential reality. But here we are at the precipice, staring at the opportunity across the chasm.
Any paradigm-shifting revolution takes time, and comes with seemingly insurmountable hurdles
to overcome. How do we educate the world to bring them past the fear of hackers and the dark
web? How do we, from a technology perspective, responsibly scale a system with no central leader? How do we enable the poor farmer in Africa to instantly and freely receive currency from his
son in South America, while also allowing big corporations to adopt the technology at enterprise
scale?
These questions are already being addressed and answered by an army of blockchain enthusiasts.
The community is hard at work, building a bridge to cross the canyon. And we’re excited to say
that HybridBlock is playing a critical role in forming the foundation of that bridge.
HybridBlock is building an ecosystem that seeks to bring 100 million new people into the blockchain network over the next three years. We’re mapping out our lofty goals and partnering with
the smartest people on the planet to execute our vision.
Our education platform, HybridCentral™, will onboard new folks from around the globe into the
blockchain economy. In parallel, our all-in-one trading ecosystem will bring a full suite of trading
tools to blockchain’s burgeoning infrastructure, serving beginners (BaseTrade™), intermediate
traders (HybridExchange™), and professionals (HybridTerminal™).
With a former Olympic champion, a Whitehouse official, investment bankers, and Wall Street
quants forming our core team, we are poised and ready to bring our society into a new era of
global freedom. If you can see the precipice in front of you, and want us all to land safely on the
other side, you should consider supporting HybridBlock. We invite you to become an active
participant in our story, and to be among the first pioneers to cross the bridge.

1 INTRODUCTION

Thank you for your continuing support in the HybridBlock project. We are very much looking forward
to the public sale of the HybridBlock tokens on 23 May 2018. It is important to ensure that our
operations comply with all applicable laws and regulations. In light of the ever-changing and uncertain
regulatory position towards cryptocurrency and cryptographic tokens in a number of jurisdictions,
after careful deliberation, we have decided to issue the Tokens from and set up our exchange in Malta
with our Malta based company, Hybrid Trade Limited. We believe that Malta will be the best location
to serve Token holders going forward, as a virtual financial asset (including cryptocurrency)
framework is expected to be implemented during the third quarter of 2018.

1.1 BaseTrade™, HybridExchange™, & HybridTerminal™
We have three distinct trading products that cater to any individual from the most junior to most
senior.
•

•

•

PAGE 4

BaseTrade™ - An easy-to-use cryptocurrency platform, where you can buy and sell,
along with an exchange and wallet with funding options tailored to each country in
which we operate.
HybridExchange™ - Our consumer platform, which will allow traders to provide liquidity
to our target markets. This platform will provide a full order book in designated markets
and currency pairs, as well as provide traders with access to third party cryptocurrency
exchanges within a sin-gle interface. Our focus is to optimize liquidity being offered on
our platform.
HybridTerminal™ - In addition to our web client, we are working to release a desktop
trading ter-minal that connects to ours and our partner’s APIs. Please note that
HybridTerminal is scheduled to be released two months after Basetrade and
HybridExchange.

While we operate in a complex regulatory environment, our expectation is to work alongside
individual governments in order to obtain the necessary licensing for our operations, primarily in
Malta and Southeast Asia.

1.2 HybridWallet™
(Please note that HybridWallet and HFX is not a part of the HYB Token generation event and they will not be offered as part
of the current HYB Open Token Sale. More details including timeline will be provided in a separate and subsequent
whitepaper specifically for the HFX project. The HYB Token is not in any way connected to the HFx Token).

HybridWallet™ is being built as a free, open source mobile wallet for storing and transacting Hybrid
Block Tokens according to the Ethereum ERC20 standard. Additionally, it will be able to store a fiatcurrency backed token called HybridFX (HFXs). HybridWallet is a client-side interface that interacts
with the Ethereum blockchain. Once downloaded onto a user’s cell phone, he or she can easily
receive, store and send HybridBlock™ Tokens or HFXs of any supported fiat currency. While the
wallet is fundamentally a cryptocurrency wallet, the HybridWallet™ application has the ability to act
as an alternative to a bank account for anyone globally.

1.3 HybridFX™
(Please note that HybridFX™ is not a part of the HYB Token generation event and they will not be offered as part of the
current HYB Open Token Sale. More details including timeline will be provided in a separate and subsequent whitepaper
specifically for the HFX project. The HYB Token is not in any way connected to the HFx Token).

HybridFX™ enables the creation of digital tokens backed by fiat currency. These fiat-backed tokens
provide individuals and organizations with a robust and decentralized method of exchanging value
while using a familiar unit of accounting. Blockchain plays a vital role in this technology, providing an
auditable and cryptographically secure global ledger. Asset-backed token issuers and other market
participants can take advantage of blockchain technology, along with embedded consensus
systems, to transact in familiar, less volatile currencies and assets.
In order to maintain accountability and to ensure stability in exchange price, we propose a method
to maintain a one-to-one reserve ratio between a cryptocurrency token, called HFX, and its
associated real-world asset, fiat currency. This method uses the Ethereum blockchain, proof of
reserves and regular audits by accounting firms to help prove that issued tokens are properly
backed with sufficient reserves at all times.

PAGE 5

1.4 Enhancing Global Economies
Blockchain
technology
is
beginning
to
revolution-ize nearly every aspect of daily life.
While crypto-currencies
like
Bitcoin
are
becoming household names, the community
faces two major obsta-cles. First, is to create
informative and engaging education systems,
and second, is to introduce user-friendly,
secure and robust trading plat-forms to buy,
use, and sell cryptocurrencies with actual
realized liquidity. By tailoring education and
trading platforms to the newest members of the
cryptocurrency community while also developing
more
advanced
capabilities
and
features for experts to execute highly
technical
trades,
HybridBlock™
aims
to
promote mass adoption across the globe by
solving these two major ob-stacles.
To overcome the first obstacle, HybridBlock™
is educating the masses through a central
educa-tion and community hub for blockchain
and
cryptocurrency
communities
called
HybridCentral™, to exchange, share and grow
their understanding of the space. Today,
cryptocurrency and block-chain community
interactions are spread across various websites
and applications. By creating a central hub for
the community, HybridBlock™ is making it easy
for millions of people to access these various
portals from one central application.

Overcoming the second obstacle involves creating a globally linked exchange for cryptocurrencies that is fast, secure, and focused on a consumer-friendly experience. With no one exchange
being the global leader, liquidity and pricing can
vary greatly from one exchange to another. By
incorporating order books from numerous regionally focused exchanges, HybridExchange’s
trading engine will house a global order book
that offers the best pricing and highest levels of
liquidity. Additionally, BaseTrade will be the first
cryptocurrency buying and selling platform to incorporate an online shopping cart. HybridBlock
users will be the first to experience the ease and
security of online retail shopping in the cryptocurrency marketplace.
Often, users don’t have access to other international exchanges and have multiple wallets for
each exchange. In order to give users, the flexibility to access major global exchanges to trade
the most competitive pricing around the world,
HybridBlock™ is developing an exchange that interfaces with these numerous global exchanges.
HybridBlock™ aims to also focus on the problem
that exists within the markets of non-major currency holders, by providing an entry-point to liquidity in the crypto market.

1.5 Strategic Markets
One of Hybrid’s advantages is its established network within its target markets, primarily in Asia.
HybridBlock™ has longstanding relationships with multiple governments and industry regulators,
including Malta, the Philippines, Malaysia, Labuan, Singapore, Hong Kong, Korea, Taiwan, and
provincial governments of large cities in China.

PAGE 6

2 PRODUCTS

The HybridBlock™ ecosystem consists of BaseTrade™, the web-based HybridExchange™ and the
standalone platform HybridTerminal™, Hybrid Data Feed, and HybridCentral™, an educational community platform. In order to execute the build out of these platforms, we have assembled a team
comprised of experienced trading system professionals from both the cryptocurrency industry
and non-crypto Wall Street markets.

2.1 BaseTrade

BaseTrade™ is a platform that supports the wider HybridBlock™ ecosystem by
creating the easiest way for consumers to enter the cryptocurrency market. Consumers are able to access our platform, and within a few moments of confirming
their identity, can begin to purchase some of the most popular cryptocurrencies
in the market. This process aims to solve the problems that mass markets face in

PAGE 7

adopting and accessing cryptocurrency. “How can I buy cryptocurrency?” BaseTrade™ will provide
the simplest on-ramp into the market through an easy-to-use interface. You will be able to buy or
sell multiple cryptocurrencies via a “shopping cart” allowing you to complete the transactions in one
execution, an industry first.
While we are aware that buying and selling cryptocurrencies for the first time can be intimidating, we
at BaseTrade™ aim to make this process simple by providing a team of support specialists. They will
be available by phone or chat, 24/7 in multiple languages, to make the onboard process as seamless
as possible. BaseTrade™ is the world’s simplest way to buy, sell, store and use cryptocurrencies.
Additionally, BaseTrade™ is creating a best in class, compliance, and fraud prevention team to give
consumers better confidence and transparency.

2.2 HybridExchange™

HybridExchange™ is a web-based product with an intuitive interface that enables
users to participate in our designated markets. This product is designed with the
casual or intermediate user in mind. After signing up and becoming verified, users
can fund and manage their accounts. We will offer order books in several cryptocurrency markets, including several individual regions in Asia
HybridExchange™ has been designed to interface across multiple partner exchanges, where liquidity can be integrated into our order books, ensuring that our markets remain competitive and users
receive the best pricing possible. The HybridExchange™ platform is designed to provide both smart
order routing and order routing to select third party exchanges in order to provide as much
flexibility to users as possible.

PAGE 8

Dashboard Features
The dashboard features of the HybridExchange™ platform can be minimized depending on one’s personal needs. There will be built in functionality for advanced users, but the platform can be customized in order to be simplified for users who do not need advanced features.
Trade Center
Users of HybridExchange™ can place market and limit order via our platform’s trade center. Buy and
sell orders are the basic orders that will be supported at launch, while we expect to offer advanced
order types in the future.
Order Book
The order book feature will show you the depth of the market bids and offers in an easy to follow
format and customizable views. Order books can be displayed for each currency pair offered on our
platform, with or without smart order routing.
Chart
The chart feature will provide candlestick chart analysis of your digital assets and can be at varying
time intervals. From a full day, full week or full month to intervals ranging from 1 minute to 1 hour.
Position Summary
Through the position summary, users have the ability to see performance information for their open
trading positions, including unrealized profit and loss.

PAGE 9

2.3 HybridTerminal™
(Please note that HybridTerminal™ is a feature that will be made available at a later date to be announced by Hybrid.)

HybridTerminal™ is the world’s first standalone terminal specializing in cryptocurrency trading. Institutions and professionals can access the world’s first direct
access platform with direct routing to all the major destinations and advanced low
latency execution with optimized Level II quote messaging system. Executions
window to see the margin requirements if any on open orders and trades in each
underlying cryptocurrency.
See all trades broken down by individual fill. Our platform provides traders with real time quote feeds
from all the major exchanges and get an in depth look at liquidity at every price level. Aggregated
Level II allows you to see the buyers and sellers in the cryptocurrency, such as bitcoin, without having
to pull up separate quotes from different exchanges. Now you can see everything under one symbol.
Bitcoin BTC. Ethereum ETH for example rather than having ETH-Kraken:USD being a separate symbol
from ETH-Bitfinex:USD.

PAGE 10

HybridTerminal™ Features
•

•

•

•
•

•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Transparent quote and routing configurations that allows everyone to see the same data at the
same time, impartial to preferencing that typically arises if all data was relied from one web-based
exchange or market vendor.
The platform is a windows-based software that allows it to have the stability and speed needed
to process data in real time with minimal user input latency and can avoid the overall lag that is
commonly seen from web-based exchanges and trading systems.
Aggregate level II allows traders to see buyers and sellers from all the market participants without
having to pull up separate quotes from the different exchanges. Each quote is extracted independently direct from the source and allows for easy additions to new market vendors as new
variations to exchanges start to evolve
Historical Intraday charting allows full control of technical analysis and the ability to fully customize the charting experience all in real time with minimized delay from the quote vendor.
Customized Order Routing will be a revolutionary routing system that allows for the trader to set
customized orders directly with the route venue while giving full control to smart routing options
for traders seeking to using our technology to access the best market prices.
Customized layouts allow the trader to save and configure up to multiple personalized screen
layouts. The layouts can pan across 4 monitors with minimal lag issues that arise with web-based
applications. The only limitations would be the trader’s PC configurations of available memory
and cpu speed.
Historical intraday chart data
Order routing gives full control with the destinations of every order and set customized orders
directly with the route venue if such option is available.
Advanced crypto trading strategies such as advanced stops.
Tick by tick time and sales
Platform allows you to configure up to 20 personalized screen layouts. Each layout can stretch
across 4 monitors and you can switch between layouts with the click of a button.
Route your orders directly to the major market centers, exchanges, ATS.
Customization of hotkeys for fast trigger orders.

2.4 Advantages
Ease of Use
A major goal for the HybridTerminal™ platform will be to provide a feature-rich trading platform with
an easy to use interface. The objective is to deliver traders with performance and functionality they
need to be competitive in the current market conditions. A cryptocurrency professional trading platform that is reliable, safe and fast.
The platform will allow traders not only to automate their order and execution flow with distinct entry
rules (buy/sell signals), exit rules (signals when to close current positions), position sizing (defining
buy/sell quantities), but also to monitor real-time data feed APIs which curate market and network
data showing market caps, liquidity and depth.
Users will have access to customized activity reports, to view detailed information about their account activity including positions, balances, transactions and more. They will be able to run trade confirmation reports to view all executions.

PAGE 11

Optimal Pricing
We will seek to provide optimal pricing, when possible, across the entire HybridTerminal™ platform.
Our aggregation of third party order books will potentially be one strategy that we employ to offer
optimal price to our users.
Cryptocurrency Support
HybridTerminal™ will provide support for a variety of cryptocurrencies and tokens, including but not
limited to the HybridBlock™ Token, HybridFX™ (HFX), Bitcoin (BTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Ethereum
(ETH), Litecoin (LTC), Ripple (XRP), Dash (DASH), Stratis (STRAT) and other digital currencies on a
single platform.
Security
The HybridTerminal™ platform is architected with a strong focus on security. Given the nature of cryptographically-constructed currency and tokens, security is an important element to our long-term
success. Our platform security will involve every layer of our system architecture, and on the user
side, we will support Two- Factor Authentication using TOTP (Time-based One Time Password).
HybridTerminal™ uses a multi-tiered server architecture with complex credentials to ensure server
integrity. All user requests will be filtered and monitored on the frontend and backend of our system
for XSS, CSRF, clickjacking, session impersonation attacks and more.
HybridTerminal™ will be hosted in Tier One datacenters and will follow all industry standard web and
desktop application security best practices. All servers will be protected by web application firewalls
protected from advanced persistent threats (APTs), DDoS Attacks and DNS-level attacks to provide
our service availability and performance.

2.5 Data Feed
(Please note that Data Feed is a feature that will be made available at a later date to be announced by Hybrid.)

Our data feed service will provide fast and reliable market data to our customers that seek API connectivity as well as institutions and/or market makers that recognize the need for quality data in order to effectively participate in our traded markets. We will provide a feed from our own order book,
which will also consolidate feeds from other select partner exchanges from which we will provide
liquidity to our own order book.

PAGE 12

2.6 HybridCentral™ Mobile App

HybridCentral™
HybridCentral™ is an education application that will onboard new cryptocurrency users through easy
to follow education modules. The application provides an education ecosystem on cryptocurrency
and blockchain technology and includes HybridAcademy™ and various community channels. Students are taken through an engaging educational experience that easily guides them through basic
cryptocurrency and blockchain lessons, helps with purchasing and trading their first piece of cryptocurrency and facilitates participation in the global blockchain community.
HybridAcademy™
Cryptocurrency and blockchain based training content, called HybridAcademy™, uses BIT-Emodule
(BIT-E) education techniques focused on presenting short, simple, and focused lessons utilizing mainstream celebrities, recognized blockchain experts and other keynote speakers in short video presentations. Students are incentivized to participate daily through a gamified learning system based on
rewards and achievements linked to successful completion of specific tasks and participation in the
community.
Hybrid Channels
Social media influencers, advanced traders, event organizers and many more can participate in HybridCentral™ “channels” through an engaging social platform. Through these channels, students can
gain more insight into specific topics in the blockchain space. Whether you want to build your first
mining rig, build your network at an upcoming cryptocurrency conference or engage with your favorite cryptocurrency trader (and much more), HybridChannels not only empower newcomers in the
blockchain space to connect with the community, it offers a platform for the blockchain community
to engage with newcomers.

PAGE 13

Premium Content
By utilizing the HybridBlock™ token, students can access more advanced training, other premium
content and features. Whether it’s the latest reviews on the hottest Initial Coin Offerings, advanced
day-trading methods and secrets, or exclusive discount offers, students can choose their level of involvement by utilizing the HybridBlock™ Token to unlock exclusive application content.

PAGE 14

3 HYBRID FX

Quite simply HybridFX™ will be responsible for creating a digital token that is backed by a fiat
currency. These fiat-backed tokens will provide individuals and organizations with a robust and
decentralized method of exchanging value while using a familiar unit of accounting. Blockchain plays
a vital role in this technology, providing an auditable and cryptographically secure global ledger.
Asset-backed token issuers and other market participants can take advantage of blockchain
technology, along with embedded consensus systems, to transact in familiar, less volatile currencies
and assets.
In order to maintain accountability and to ensure stability in exchange price, we propose a method
to maintain a one-to-one reserve ratio between a cryptocurrency token, called HFXs, and its
associated real-world asset, fiat currency. This method uses the Ethereum blockchain, proof of
reserves, and reg-ular audits by globally-recognized accounting firms to prove that issued tokens are
properly backed with sufficient reserves at all times.

3.1 Introduction to HybridFX™
(Please note that HFX is not a part of the HYB Token generation event and it will not be offered as part of the current HYB
Open Token Sale and could be subject to change. More details including time-line will be provided in a separate and
subsequent whitepaper specifically for the HFX project. The HYB Token is not in any way connected to the HFx Token).

There exists a vast array of assets in the world which people freely choose as a store of value, a
transactional medium, or an investment. We believe the Ethereum blockchain is better than
established financial technology systems for transacting, storing and accounting for these assets.
Most estimates measure global wealth around $250 trillion with much of that being held by banks or
similar financial institutions. The migration of these assets into the HybridFX™ represents a
potentially significant shift in how value is stored and transferred.
Looking back, bitcoin created a new class of digital currency with several points of value. Some of
the primary advantages of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies include low transaction costs,
international borderless transferability and convertibility, trustless ownership and exchange and realtime transparency. Many onlookers have pointed out drawbacks to cryptocurrencies, too, with one
common explanations for the limited mainstream use of cryptocurrencies being their sometimesvolatile price swings. HybridFX is a solution to this volatility, bringing the benefits to
cryptocurrencies to main-stream consumers while protecting them from undesirable shifts in value.

PAGE 15

3.2 HybridFX™ Structure
(Please note that HFX is not a part of the HYB Token generation event and it will not be offered as part of the current HYB
Open Token Sale and could be subject to change. More details including time-line will be provided in a separate and
subsequent whitepaper specifically for the HFX project. The HYB Token is not in any way connected to the HFx Token).

In our proposed solution, fiat-pegged cryptocurrencies are called HFXs. All HFXs will be issued on
the Ethereum blockchain and will exist as an ERC20 token. In addition to each HFX token, we have
created a global ERC20 token, the Hybrid Token, that will be used as a payment fee for HFX
transactions. In the future Hybrid Tokens will also act as a base currency to purchase HFX tokens on
our trading platform.
Each HFX unit issued into circulation will be backed in a one-to-one ratio (e.g. one HFX:EUR will be
backed by one Euro) by the corresponding fiat currency unit held in deposit by an account
controlled by Hybrid. It is Hybrid's intention that HFXs will be fully redeemable/exchangeable at any
time for the underlying fiat currency, or if the holder prefers, the equivalent spot value in Hybrid
Token. Once a HFX has been issued, it can be stored and transferred in the same way as any other
cryptocurrency. In this process, the fiat currency on reserve gains the properties of a
cryptocurrency, with the primary difference being that its price will be permanently pegged to the
price of the underlying fiat currency.

3.3 Reserve Audits
At any given time, the balance of fiat currency held in the proposed reserves will be equal to (or
greater than) the number of HFXs in circulation. In order to create verifiable confidence in the
system, a Proof of Reserves process will be combined with monthly audits by a third-party
accounting firm. This regular audit process is fundamental to maintaining the price-parity between
HFXs in circulation and the underlying fiat currency held in reserves.

We recognize that our implementation isn’t perfectly decentralized, since HybridBlock™ proposes to
and must act as a centralized custodian of reserve assets (while HFXs in circulation will exist as a
decentralized digital currency). However, we believe the proposed HybridFX implementation is the
only achievable solution given current banking technology and will subsequently support the growth
of the Ethereum blockchain over the long run.

3.4 Technology
The HybridFX™ will be composed of several layers that, together, will enable our decentralized HFX
tokens to function. The following is a review of each proposed layer.
•
•
•

PAGE 16

The first layer is the Ethereum blockchain. The HFX transactional ledger will be embedded in the
Ethereum blockchain as part of the ERC-20 token standard.
The second layer is HybridWallet™, a web wallet which will allow users to buy, sell, send, store
and receive HFX tokens conveniently.
The third layer will be our transactional platform primarily responsible for:
• Accepting fiat deposits and issuing the corresponding HFX tokens
• Sending fiat withdrawals and revoking the corresponding HFX tokens

3.5 HybridFX™ Token Lifecycle
There are five phases in the lifecycle of a HybridFX™ token.

(Please note that HybridWallet and HFX is not a part of the HYB Token generation event and they will not be offered as part
of the current HYB Open Token Sale. More details including timeline will be provided in a separate and subsequent
whitepaper specifically for the HFX project. The HYB Token is not in any way connected to the HFx Token).

Once a HFX is in circulation, users can obtain it outside of the aforementioned process via an exchange or directly from another HFX owner.

3.6 Proof of Reserves Process
Insolvency has occurred numerous times in the cryptocurrency ecosystem, either through hacks,
mismanagement or fraud. Cryptocurrency users must therefore be diligent with their counterparty
selection and play an active role in the oversight of exchanges and other trusted parties.
The Proof of Reserves model behind HybridFX™ simplifies the process of proving that the total number of HFXs in circulation (liabilities) are always fully backed by an equal amount of underlying fiat
currency held in reserve (assets). In our configuration, each hfx:EUR in circulation represents EUR €1
held in our bank reserve. The sum of all HFXs in existence for a given currency at any point in time is
always equal to the fiat balance in the reserve bank account. Users will be able to view this information from a Transparency Page.

3.7 Use Cases
HybridFX™ will potentially play a role in both the cryptocurrency ecosystem and economic trading
globally. We have outlined several parties that we believe will benefit from HybridFX™ into individual
user groups.
Cryptocurrency Exchanges
Operators of cryptocurrency exchanges understand that fiat deposits and withdrawals completed
through the traditional banking system can be challenging, slow, risky and expensive. By accepting
HFXs as a deposit and withdrawal funding option, an exchange can relieve themselves of these complications. HFX tokens potentially will provide exchanges with several benefits, too, such as:

PAGE 17

•
•
•
•

Fiat deposits being cleared and settled quickly (same day)
Maintenance of banking relationships is moved to HybridFX™
Easily add new fiat currencies as trading pairs
Conduct audits more easily through a purely cryptographic
process

As HFXs are accepted across more exchanges, their utility will increase. Once HFX usage achieves
critical mass, exchanges that do not accept HFXs as a fiat funding option would have a
disadvantage, particularly given the value of their fpotentially faster transfer times on the Ethereum
network.
Traders
Cryptocurrency traders operate in a fast-moving market, where global competition requires them
to seek out advantages that enhance their trade execution and lower their costs. HybridFX™ will
offer several advantages to traders who must compete in global and fast-moving market
conditions:
•
•
•
•

Fiat will be able to be transferred between exchanges in minutes, unlike a bank transfer
Costs associated with bank transfers (particularly international wires) will be eliminated
Counterparty risk associated with unaudited bank reserves potentially will be eliminated
Working capital for bank transfer waiting periods is no longer necessary

Consumers
The long-term focus of HybridFX™ is to ultimately benefit consumers. HFX tokens can be created in
many fiat currency denominations, and once in the HybridFX™, the underlying fiat currency can be
transferred between any ERC-20 compliant wallet. This potentially removes the need for bank
transfers, cash, credit cards and payment apps. Other benefits to consumers include:
•
•
•

HFX could be held as an alternative to cash
In the future there could be no need to open a bank account to store money
Consumers could store fiat value by securing one’s own private keys, if desired

Merchants
When it comes to payments, Merchants consistently receive a losing deal. We believe that
HybridFX™ will be able to help merchants sell their products at a lower operating cost and with
greater autonomy. The following are some of the potential advantages that HybridFX will provide to
merchants:
• Digital payments will be received without credit card fees
• System will prevent fraud resulting from charge-backs
• Money in HybridFX™ will be transferred faster than funds in a bank account can be transferred
currently, particularly in a global setting
• Decentralized nature of the proposed network will reduce the merchants’ reliance on banks
With both consumers and merchants benefiting from the HybridFX™ in the future, especially in the
developing nations we are targeting, we believe that our ecosystem will have a powerful
mechanism to find sustained growth in these economies.

PAGE 18

3.8 Role in Developing Economies
The world has seen drastic advancements in cryptography and computing power over the last few
decades, and cryptocurrency has come alongside this advancement. Bitcoin, developed in 2009, has
become the vanguard of cryptocurrencies and is the most widely adopted to date. Some attention
has been placed on bitcoin’s ability to reduce the need for trusted financial institutions in developing
nations. However, the uncertainty surrounding bitcoin’s wild volatility has been an ongoing barrier to
widespread adoption in the developing world. For that reason, a solution that provides the benefits
of cryptocurrency with the localized stability of a fiat currency has the potential to disrupt financial
systems and place financial autonomy into the hands of individuals. HybridFX™ has the potential to fill
this role.
Approximately 2.5 billion adults in the world are unbanked and are completely cut off from the benefits that financial services offer. These people cannot open savings accounts or use credit cards, and
are generally excluded from the global financial system. Cash and other commodities become the
only store of value for these individuals, making it more difficult to store and transfer value between
parties without a physical meeting.
Bringing the unbanked into the HybridFX™ ecosystem, which can be accessed through their cell
phones, would not only provide the benefits of a bank account, but an account with negligible fees.
Small businesses in developing nations will have the opportunity to receive similar benefits, gaining
access to technology that provides a better place to store their funds and low-cost transactions.

3.9 Market Efficiency Mechanism
The HybridFX™, which intends to issue fiat-backed HFX tokens, could play a role in both domestic
and international markets. The primary focus of the HybridFX™ description in this whitepaper has
been on its impact in domestic markets. Over the long term, HFX tokens will have the ability to play a
considerable role in foreign exchange (forex) transactions.
Within this global forex setting, participants will be able to choose to exchange HFXs of one fiat
currency into HFXs of another fiat currency. HybridFX™ will be built to support these transactions,
and to potentially ensure that participants receive the best exchange rate possible. While users have
the option to withdraw fiat from our platform and exchange it into another currency through their
bank, we believe that HybridFX™ will be able to create more efficient markets for this need.
Rather than complete a forex transaction through an intermediary, users could potentially perform an
exchange through HFX currency pairs. In a simplified example, an individual that wants to exchange
Philippine pesos (PHP) to Japanese yen (JPY) will be able to simultaneously place a PHP/HFX sell
order and a JPY/HFX buy order. This transaction would be executed automatically behind the scenes.

PAGE 19

4 HybridWallet™

HybridWallet™ is being built as a free, open source, client-side mobile wallet for storing and transacting with HFXs and the Ethereum blockchain. Once downloaded onto a user’s cell phone, they will
be able to easily receive, store and send HFXs of any supported fiat currency. While the wallet will
fundamentally be a cryptocurrency wallet, the HybridWallet™ application will have the ability to act
as an alternative to a bank account for anyone globally.
In the previous section, we discussed HybridFX™, which will enable the creation of fiat-backed
cryptocurrency tokens called HFXs. Once the HFXs are created and subsequently issued by the
network, they will be able to be transferred between ERC20 compliant Ethereum wallets.
HybridWallet™ will serve as such a wallet specifically tailored towards the HybridFX™ ecosystem.
While HybridWallet™ will be built according to a wider ERC20 standard, its user-facing implementation will focus on the fiat denomination of HFXs. In effect, users will be able to transact through
blockchain technology in their local fiat currency. This has a benefit over existing bitcoin, ethereum
and other cryptocurrency wallets, which force non-technical users to endure fluctuations in cryptocurrency prices. We do not believe that this is a desirable characteristic for users that do not understand cryptocurrency markets, and we have strived to create a platform that is ideal for users in
developing countries. HybridWallet™ has the potential to eventually enable fully cashless societies.
(Please note that HybirdWallet is not a part of the HYB Token generation event and it will not be offered as part of the
current HYB Open Token Sale and could be subject to change. More details including time-line will be provided in a separate
and subsequent whitepaper specifically for the entire HFX project which HybridWallet is a part of).

PAGE 20

5 HybridToken™

HybridBlock™ has created the Hybrid token, which plays a pivotal role in the functioning of HybridNetwork™. Additionally, HybridToken™ owners will receive, discounted fees, exclusive access to new
products and services, and opportunities to invest in future ICO/Token Sales that HybridBlock™ will
launch.
Hybrid Tokens serve three primary functions:
1.

Payment of transaction fees and for all services within our blockchain
network
2. To provide exclusive access to specialized products and services
3. As a tradable cryptocurrency token available on the open market

5.1 Transaction Fees & Services
Transactions
The Hybrid token will be the payment unit for network transactions on HybridFX™. This fee is akin to
gas that is paid on the Ethereum network. As network transaction volume of HFX tokens grows, so
will the transaction volume of Hybrid tokens paid as transactions fees to the network.
HybridCentral™
Users will be able to pay for premium content, including our HybridAcademy™ learning modules,
through our education and social application. All payment will be paid in Hybrid Tokens.
HybridExchange™ & HybridTerminal™
Hybrid Tokens will be used for services provided by the HybridExchange™ and HybridTerminal™. This
will go to cover fees, and to access the HybridTerminal™ via monthly payment in Hybrid Tokens.

5.2 Token Trading
Hybrid Tokens will be tradable on Hybrid’s trading platforms, and on other exchanges. Having Hybrid
Tokens listed on multiple exchanges provides liquidity to the market.

PAGE 21

5.3 Token Distribution

20% Marketing, partners, &
bounty
27% Team & Advisors
53% Token Sale

Selling 530mn tokens ($50mn
USD). 33% presale discount.

Token Allocation
•

•
•

53% - Pre-Sale and Open Token Sale- HybridBlock™ has already received investment from strategic partners in order to begin the development of our ecosystem and specifically our HybridTerminal platforms. Tokens will be sold via DART for the Pre-Sale, followed by a public crowd sale.
27% - Team and Advisors - This pool will also account for the founding team and advisors.
20% - Marketing, Bounty and Strategic Partnerships - The marketing pool will be used to increase
awareness of our products and ecosystem. A minimum of 2% of the total token pool will be applied to the “Bounty Program”. Bounty tokens will be held in reserve to incentivize bug bounties
for the HybridBlock™ smart contract to find potential bugs.

Open Token Sale Pricing Schedule
The Open Token Sale (OTS) will be done through the issuance of HybridBlock™ tokens generated by
an ERC 20 Smart Contract via the Ethereum network on May 23 2018. The pricing for the HybridBlock™ Tokens in the OTS will be at $0.30USD per Token in ETH or BTC based on ETH/USD or BTC/
USD time stamped price of ETH or BTC at time of arrival in the official HybridBlock ETH or BTC wallet
addresses.
If any of the HybridBlock™ Tokens offered in the OTS are not sold, then the remaining OTS HybridBlock™ Tokens will be destroyed. Tokens will be distributed through the HybridExchange™ platform
on the date of token distribution, the timing of which will be confirmed by Hybrid. This eliminates the
need for users to use multiple wallets and pro-vides a gateway to immediate trading on our platform.

PAGE 22

5.4 Use of Proceeds
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.

Exchange-based Liquidity (40%)
Product Development (30%)
Strategic Partnerships (10%)
Operations (10%)
Legal & Regulations (10%)

5.5 Token Storage and Security
Multiple multi-signature Trezor hardware wallets for cold storage of tokens and funds raised during
sale will be used to mitigate the risk of loss of funds raised.

PAGE 23

6 Roadmap

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

R&D – March 2017
HybridBlock™ Concept – May 2017
Whitepaper Draft – July 1, 2017
Website Launch – July 7, 2017
HybridBlock Press Conference, Hong Kong – September 28, 2017
HybridBlock Pre-Launch Conference, Penang, Malaysia – October 14,
2017
HybridBlock Pre-Launch Conference, Macau – October 24, 2017
Official Whitepaper Release – November 15, 2017
HybridCentral™ Beta – December 1, 2017
Hybrid Summit 2017, Macau – December 4, 2017
Token Pre-Sale – January 15, 2018
Hybrid Forum Manila, Philippines – January 20, 2018
Hybrid Forum Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia – January 28, 2018
Open Token Sale (Public) – May 23 2018
BaseTrade™ Beta & HybridExchange™ Beta – June 2018
HybridTerminal™ Beta, HybridFx™ – September 2018
HybridFx™ Product Launch - To be confirmed by Hybrid separately

PAGE 24

7 Team

Hybrid has brought together a world class team, with years of experience in traditional finance, operation of clearing houses, cryptocurrency exchanges, and development. Experience across all of these
sectors being brought together in a singular team creates the ability to deliver these products in this
ecosystem at a very high level.

APOLO OHNO | Co-Founder
Apolo Ohno is the co-founder of HybridBlock™. An early blockchain and cryptocurrency advocate since 2013 as an investor. Ohno’s 17-year experience of becoming an
Olympic Champion is a direct result of his extreme winning mentality. The tools that
have driven him to success both on and off the Olympic stage have transcended into
the business world. His work ethic and passion are infectious, driving his mission of simplifying the
adoption and onboarding process into the cryptocurrency sphere. Ohno’s vision is to onboard over
100 million new participants into the cryptocurrency world via the HybridBlock™ ecosystem, through
simplifying and educating the retail market.
Ohno’s experience working with the world’s most recognizable and sizable companies, brands, executives and political leaders have given HybridBlock unique access to an audience that is critical in the
ongoing growth of the company.
America’s most decorated Winter Olympic athlete of all time, Ohno studied philosophy, psychology,
and international business at the University of Colorado Springs. Having co-founded Allysian Sciences, an international plant based nutrient company with a focus on the brain, Apolo was able to gain a
real foothold in Asia.
“I believe that we can positively impact millions of people around the globe via crypto and blockchain
technology”

ROD JAO | Co-Founder
As the Co-Founder of HybridBlock™ , Rod believes that proper education is the key
to truly unlocking the potential and adoption of blockchain technologies. Rod Jao’s
previous and current experience as President of a privately held investment company brings tremendous value to HybridBlock™. His background included invest-

PAGE 25

ing and holding interests in commercial and residential real estate projects and, through its venture
capital arm, seeding and funding opportunities in technology, manufacturing, food and beverage and
telecommunications sectors.
His diverse and successful background also includes software development, M&A, Private equity, and
one of the youngest to achieve the highest accolades in a network marketing company at the age of
19. Mr. Jao’s strength is in Asia, being influential and critical in the opening of several key international
markets and amassing a global network of contacts that are critical in the development and implementation of marketing strategies. His experience from countless speaking engagements to tens of
thousands of people around the world and his expertise in bringing them together and putting them
into diverse programs has been invaluable in onboarding masses of people into emerging technologies.
Rod’s experience includes being Co-Founder of Allysian, a plant-based nutrition company with a
focus on brain health. It shows his passion for people, health and wellness. He is very proud of the
positive impact that Allysian Sciences is making around the world.

JONATHAN BATES | CEO/Chairman
Jonathan Bates is the CEO and Chairman of HybridBlock™, a revolutionary cryptocurrency exchange and trading platform that provides users the fastest, most
reliable tools in order to benefit their holdings. HybridBlock™ benefits from
Jonathan’s deep understanding of regulatory, government oversight, financial
technology, and big bank initiatives to pave the way.
Having spent 25 years in the financial industry as Managing Director at JP Morgan and previously
served as senior Vice President at Citigroup. His successful career extends further with prior work as
director at Barclays investment bank, and Smith Barney focusing on wealth management, and
institu-tional sales. Jonathan has a deep understanding of institutional trading environments and
multi-asset portfolios.

JONATHAN WEINBERGER | Principle Economic Advisor
Mr. Weinberger has been a VP of Innovation and Technology at Alliance Of Automobile Manufacturers Inc since September 2015. He was Executive Secretary and
Associate General Counsel in the White House Office of the U.S. Trade Representative from 2008-2012. From 2003-2008, Mr. Weinberger served at the U.S. Treasury
Department serving as Executive Secretary of the Treasury under both Secretary Snow and Secretary
Paulson. Additionally, he has served directly under six cabinet members in various positions.
He received his Bachelors Degree from The Johns Hopkins University in 1998. He also earned a Masters Degree in U.S. Foreign Policy from the Elliott School of International Affairs at George Washington University in 2000, a Juris Doctor degree from the Washington College of Law at American
University in 2003 and a Masters of Law (LL.M) in international finance and national security law with
distinction from The Georgetown University Law Center in 2005.

PAGE 26

LUTHER JAO| Managing Director of Asia Operations
Luther Jao is the Managing Director for Hybridblock’s Asia Operations. He brings
decades of experience in various industries including, fintech, finance and lending,
BPOs, and various entrepreneurial projects.
In 1996, Luther co-founded Datamat Philippines Inc. Datamat supplied the Philippine Stock
Exchange with a proprietary Front-End Trading Gateway and gained substantial market share in
both local and international broker equities front end systems.
In 2007, Datamat was acquired by Computershare Technology services, the largest share registry in
the world, and for 7 years, Luther served as the Managing Director for Computeshares operations in
the Philippines. During his time at Computershare, Luther oversaw the sales of Computershare
exchange systems all over Southeast Asia, including supplying the Stock Exchange of Thailand with
a market surveillance system and the Philippine Dealing and Exchange corporation a trading system
for its Fixed Income Exchange.
In 2007, Luther co-founded and headed up operations of Credit24 Finance Company, a finance
company that partnered with Western Union outlets to simplify the process and the availability of
personalized short-term loans available to more Filipinos.
Luther brings his vast entrepreneurial experience in operations and fintech, focused in Southeast
Asia, to the HybridBlock team.

CARSON KNUTH | VP of Operations
Carson Knuth co-founded Leet with a focus on the integration of bitcoin into popular
esports titles. Leet pioneered the introduction of esports into casino environments,
operating the first esports lounge on a casino floor in Las Vegas. Leet was acquired
by Unikrn in 2017.
Carson also co-founded Rogue Sports, a Las Vegas based esports organization partnered with Grammy-nominated DJ and producer Steve Aoki.

SUNG CHO | Technology Innovation Officer
Sung graduated from Carnegie Mellon University with a degree in computer engineering and minor in finance. Immediately following graduation, he cofounded Cy
Group, a stock trading firm that provided transparent routing and clearing services
to a wide range of consumers from active traders to api clients. His company cleared
high amounts of volume for many well-known U.S. trading firms.
His trading expertise turned to Cryptocurrency in 2015. He is deeply involved in translating Wall
Street trading technologies into the Cryptocurrency space today. Sung co-founded a highly
successful cryp-tocurrency trading fund that utilizes his advanced trading technology and expertise.

PAGE 27

BRIAN KANG | VP of Business Development
Brian has worked in business development for one of the largest Internet privacy
firms, and served as an early investor in various Cryptocurrencies and ICOs. He has
headed up a joint venture with a top blockchain fintech company and operated a
successful mining operation and cryptocurrency investment fund.

JEFF DUBINSKY | VP of Marketing
Jeff graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy and expects to graduate from Harvard
University in 2018 with his thesis on cryptocurrency and blockchain technology.
As a Naval Officer, he led training and curriculum development for the Pacific Fleet,
served with the United Nations in South Korea and completed two operational deployments as a
Cruise Missile Officer and Liaison Officer to a Marine Infantry unit. Formally, he was the director of
operations at Rogue Sports and conducts research for a major cryptocurrency investment fund.

ANDREY GONCHARENKO | Project Manager
Andrew Goncharenko is an IT project manager with more than 12 years of relevant
experience in high load international projects. Andrew has a good understanding
of banking IT systems, Trading platforms, and crypto markets. He has more than 5
years experience as a day trader on NYSE and crypto markets. He graduated from
the Nation Aviation University with a Master’s degree in Management and Information Security.

OLEG SHEVCHUK | Backend Lead
During his IT career, Oleg has successfully closed more 100 projects. Well known all
over Ukraine as a high-quality specialist, Oleg now become a Lead of our Back-End
Team. We are totally sure that under his mastermind our Back-End Team will create
a unique innovated product. Oleg now looks into the future and find cryptocurrency
markets one of the most innovating spheres for his further grows.

LEGOR UKHANOV | Backend Developer
In the IT field since 2011, Legor took part in a number of high-load IT projects, which
he led and created from scratch. He has a rich experience in practical IT tasks solutions for millionaire projects.
Interest in crypto markets emerged in 2016. Legor is particularly interested in the practical part of
using Blockchain technologies in high-load projects.

PAGE 28

ANATOLIY VELIKOKHATSKIY | Quality Assurance
Anatoliy Velikokhatskiy has 4+ years of experience in web and desktop enterprise
solutions testing. Establishing QC processes and ensuring their compliance during
SDLC. Experienced in end-to-end testing of solutions that consist of multiple
products (back-end/ front-end/ integration level). Anatoliy is good at load and
security penetration testing.

ANDREY PORUBYANSKIY | Frontend Lead
Andrey (Andrew) is first and foremost a full stack .NET Developer with over a decade of experience not only coding but also as a fully qualified project manager. Andrew graduated from the Nation Aerospace University “Kharkov Aviation Institute”
with a Master’s degree in System Programming. Beyond programming and project
management, Andrew is skill sets include being fully certified in MS SQL, MY SQL, AZURE SQL, ORACLE, SCRUM, and system architecture and design.

PAGE 29

8 ADVISORS

REEVE COLLINS
As a serial entrepreneur in the digital media space, Mr. Collins has paved the way in
online advertising by popularizing the method of media buying known as arbitrage.
Always on the cutting edge of technology, Mr. Collins has been a pioneer in the
Bitcoin/Blockchain space and was co-founder and CEO of Tether and BlockV. His efforts revolutionized the way currency is transacted by creating the world’s first fiat currency platform
on the Bitcoin blockchain. In just over one year from inception, Tether was acquired by Bitfinex the
world’s largest bitcoin exchange.

FLORIAN A. RAIS
Mr. Florian A. Rais is the founder of Far Investments, a specialized boutique firm
focused on innovative and disruptive technology. Rais has disrupted multiple sectors of business including real estate, infrastructure, logistics, and materials. In 2005
Florian, co-founded Clos Belmont Finance SA. From 2000 to 2005 he was a senior
investment manager with Pictet Investment Company UK Ltd. A scholar with a passion for new age
technology, he is a director of TSX listed Argex Titanium, and was the Chief Commercial Officer of
AIM listed London Capital Group, a cutting edge online trading platform in the UK. Florian graduated
with a BA and MBA from the University of Lausanne Business School with a specialization in finance
and corporate management.

STEVEN CODY REYNOLDS
Steven brings his extensive leadership experience from the military and financial services sectors to bear on the unique challenges surrounding the digital asset space.
Steve has extensive experience in business development, communications, public
relations, and crisis management.
His steady hand helped to guide Binance through a period of explosive growth and uncertainty all
while managing their customer facing communications and media channels. His online presence
during US hours facilitated Binance’s rapid rise to the #1 exchange in the world.

PAGE 30

ANDREW DONLEY
Andrew Donley is the senior software architect at Unikrn where he is responsible for
the design and implementation of the token and smart contract creation for the recent Unikoin Gold token sale. Prior to Unikrn Andrew served as the CTO for multiple
blockchain companies, including Leet, which was acquired by Unikrn, and BitMesh.

SIMON BOGDANOWICZ
Simon Bogdanowicz is the Founding Partner of BlockTeam, a strategic ICO advisory
firm that offers tactical support in marketing, fundraising, community-building and
corporate development. He is also an advisor to ShipChain, a blockchain platform
revolutionizing the $8.2 trillion shipping and logistics industry. Previously, Simon was
the Head of Business Development for ShipChain and helped the company reach its fundraising goal
of $30 million.
Simon is also the Co-Founder of LaunchTeam, an international marketing agency for successful entrepreneurs and thought-leaders. Before co-founding LaunchTeam, Simon worked for world-leading
technology companies, including Thomson Reuters and Selligent, where he led business development
efforts for enterprise technology solutions focusing on the Fortune 500. A few of the companies that
he’s worked with include Netflix, UnitedHealth Group, FedEx, Viacom, Office Depot and Raymond
James. Prior to his time in enterprise technology, Simon worked as an M&A investment banker for the
Royal Bank of Canada, the 15th largest bank in the world.

JESSE TEVELOW
Jesse is a founding partner at BlockTeam Ventures, a crypto investment fund that
provides strategic support for blockchain tech companies. He’s also the cofounder of a marketing firm called LaunchTeam, and a three-time #1 bestselling author.
Jesse ran branding and design efforts at ShipChain, a blockchain-enabled transport
and logistics company that raised $30 million in 2018. Earlier in his career, Jesse graduated from the
inaugural class of Techstars (2007), cofounding a game company that leveraged digital currencies to
generate millions of dollars in annual revenues.

HENOK “HEN” TEKLE
Henok “Hen” Tekle is a founding partner of AlphaChain, an ICO advisory and investment firm. A notable blockchain angel investor, advisor, content creator and public
speaker,
Hen regularly speaks about cryptocurrency and ICOs at conferences around the world and has raised
and invested millions of dollars into early stage blockchain projects.

PAGE 31

SISHIR VARGHESE
Co-Founder and Managing Partner of AlphaChain, an ICO advisory and investment
firm. Sishir is focused on building a decentralized economy by supporting the creation and growth of substantiated projects. Sishir has guided and supported several
tokenization ventures and continues to advocate for a new internet of value.

SEONIK JEON
Seonik Jeon, founder of FactBlock, set his footprints in the financial world as a head
reporter for the financial, industrial, and international departments of the prominent
& prestigious Korean business newspaper Financial News.
Mr. Jeon, an avid proponent of blockchain, has religiously advocated the importance of delivering
accurate content to his readers. Mr. Jeon was deeply disappointed to see the cases of international
damage suffered from asymmetric information scams. Hence, he founded The FactBlock. The FactBlock provides accurate ICO information from top leading analysts and investors. The FactBlock
intends to launch the world’s premier Blockchain Forum and to hold groundbreaking ICO conferences
in South Korea and throughout the entire asian continent. Mr. Jeon plans to continue to put his every
effort to help develop the blockchain industry, but with a great sense of responsibility.

SHELDON INWENTASH
Sheldon Inwentash, a serial entrepreneur, is chairman and chief executive officer of
ThreeD Capital Inc., a Toronto-based venture capital firm specializing in investments
in the junior resource, blockchain and artificial intelligence sectors.
Mr. Inwentash has more than 30 years of investing experience and has been instrumental in raising
$15 billion for his portfolio companies over the last 15 years. He co-founded Visible Genetics, the first
commercial pharmacogenomics company, in 1994 and exited in 2001 to Bayer. Through two decades
leading Pinetree Capital, Mr. Inwentash created significant shareholder value through early investments in Queenston Mining (acquired by Osisko Mining Corp. for $550-million), Aurelian Resources
(acquired by Kinross for $1.2-billion) and Gold Eagle Mines (acquired by Goldcorp for $1.5-billion) to
name a few.
Sheldon obtained his B.Comm from the University of Toronto and is a Chartered Accountant/Certified
Professional Accountant. In 2007, he was an Ontario finalist for the Ernst & Young entrepreneur of the
year award. In 2012, Sheldon received an honorary degree, doctor of laws (LL.D) from the University
of Toronto for his valuable leadership as an entrepreneur, his philanthropy, and inspirational commitment to making a difference in the lives of children, youth and their families.

PAGE 32

9 PARTNERS

PAGE 33

10 LEGAL

GENERAL INFORMATION
This whitepaper describes the initial sale in which the Hybrid Block Token (HYB) is sold. HYB is a
cryptographic token that is designed to be used for all services in Hybrid Trade Limited’s ecosystem,
including the Hybrid Central application and Hybrid’s exchange platforms as outlined in this
whitepaper. HYB is not, nor is it intended to, constitute a security, an investment scheme, financial
instrument or any other regulated product in any jurisdiction. This white paper is not, nor is it intended
to constitute, a solicitation, prospectus, offer document for investment and does not pertain in any
way to an offering of securities, an investment scheme, a financial instrument or any other regulated
product in any jurisdiction. Please note that purchases of HYB are final and non-refundable.
Individuals, businesses, and other organizations should carefully weigh the risks, costs, and benefits of
acquiring HYB.
LIMITATION OF THE PURCHASERS
You are not eligible to and you shall not purchase HYB through the Hybrid Block token sale if you are
a citizen or resident (tax or otherwise) of any country or state where the purchase of HYB or similar
cryptocurrencies or tokens, may be prohibited or the token sale is deemed to be non-compliant with
the applicable laws and regulations. For clarity, natural persons and entities that are a resident of (tax
or otherwise), domiciled in, or have a connection to, the United States of America, Canada, the
People’s Republic of China, New Zealand, Japan or Hong Kong are expressly prohibited from
participating in the token sale and purchasing HYB. Purchases of Hybrid Token should be undertaken
only by natural persons, entities, or companies that have significant experience with, and a
sophisticated understanding of, the usage and intricacies of cryptographic tokens and blockchain
based software systems. Purchasers should have functional understanding of storage and
transmission mechanisms associated with other cryptographic tokens. Any entities of Hybrid Trade
Limited and officers and employees thereof will not be responsible in any way for loss of any
cryptographic tokens, HYB or fiat currency resulting from actions taken by, or omissions of, the
purchasers. If you do not have the required experience or expertise, then you should not purchase
HYB or participate in the token offering. You should carefully consider the risks, costs, and any other
demerits of acquiring HYB, and, if necessary, obtain your own independent advice in this regard. If
you are not in the position to accept nor to understand the risks associated with this token sale, or
any other risks as indicated in this whitepaper, you should not acquire HYB, until such that you have
received the necessary independent advice.

PAGE 34

GENERAL INFORMATION
The purchase of HYB carries with it risk. Prior to purchasing HYB, the purchaser should carefully
consider the risks listed below and, to the extent necessary, consult a lawyer, accountant, and/or tax
professional prior to determining whether to purchase HYB.
(a) HYB will be stored in a wallet, which can only be accessed with a password selected by the
purchaser. If a purchaser of HYB does not maintain an accurate record of their password, this may
lead to the loss of their tokens. If your password protection is weak and it is cracked or learned by
somebody else, this may also lead to the loss of tokens. As a result, purchasers must safely store their
password in one or more backup locations that are well separated from the primary location.
(b) The purchaser recognizes that some of the services in Hybrid Trade Limited’s ecosystem are
currently under development and may undergo significant changes before release and/or made
available for use. The purchaser acknowledges that any of its expectations regarding the form and
functionality of the Hybrid Exchange Platform and associated services may not be met for any number
of reasons.
(c) The purchaser understands that while Hybrid Trade Limited will make best efforts to connect the
Hybrid Exchange Platform to most major cryptocurrency exchanges, it is possible that some
exchanges may decline the connection, which may result in somewhat less liquidity provided through
the Hybrid Exchange Platform than expected in this whitepaper.
(d) The purchaser understands that while Hybrid Trade Limited will make best efforts to release the
Hybrid Exchange Platform on time, it is possible that delays to the official release may occur.
(e) As with other cryptocurrencies and cryptographic tokens, value of HYB may fluctuate significantly
and become reduced in value (including to zero value) for any number of reasons, including but not
limited to, supply and demand, overall market conditions, political or geographical reasons, changes of
regulations in any jurisdictions, and technical reasons.
(f) HYB will be issued on the Ethereum blockchain. As such, any malfunction or unexpected
functioning of the Ethereum protocol may impact the purchaser’s ability to transfer or securely hold
HYB. Such impact could adversely affect the value.
DISCLAIMER
To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, Hybrid Trade Limited,
any entities of the Hybrid Trade Limited ecosystem, and officers and employees thereof shall not be
liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort
(including negligence), contract, statute or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue,
income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or
reliance on this whitepaper or any part thereof by you. Hybrid Trade Limited and any entities of Hybrid
Trade Limited and officers and employees thereof shall not be liable for any loss of HYB after it is
transferred to you by any reason including but not limited to your failure to maintain or backup an
accurate record of your password or password cracking by somebody due to your poor maintenance
of your password. Hybrid Trade Limited will do its best to launch its operations and develop the
Hybrid Exchange Platform.

PAGE 35

Any person undertaking to acquire HYB acknowledges and understands however that Hybrid Trade
Limited does not provide any warranty as to the release of the Hybrid Exchange Platform or any of
the other technical features or services contemplated under this whitepaper. You acknowledge and
understand therefore that Hybrid Trade Limited (including its associated bodies corporate, officers
and employees) assumes no liability or responsibility for any loss or damage that would result from or
relate to the incapacity to use HYB. Regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and
operations associated to cryptocurrencies and tokens in the world. In that respect, regulatory
measures, investigations or actions may impact future business and may limit or prevent it from
developing its operations in the future. Any person undertaking to purchase HYB must be aware that
the Hybrid Trade Limited business model or Hybrid Exchange Platform, and its existing platforms
may change or need to be modified because of new regulatory and compliance requirements from
any applicable laws in any jurisdictions. In such case, purchasers and any person undertaking to
acquire HYB acknowledge and understand that neither Hybrid Trade Limited nor any of its affiliate
shall be held liable for any direct or indirect loss or damages caused by such changes. This white
paper and any other materials or explanations made by Hybrid Trade Limited and its officers and
employees shall not and cannot be considered as an invitation to enter into an investment. They do
not constitute or relate in any way nor should they be considered as an offer
financial instrument an investment scheme or any other regulated product in any jurisdiction. This
white paper does not include nor contain any information or indication that might be considered as a
recommendation or that might be used as a basis for any investment decision. Neither Hybrid Trade
Limited nor any of its officers and employees are to be or shall be considered as advisor in any legal,
tax or financial matters. Acquiring HYB shall not grant any right or influence over Hybrid Trade
Limited organization and governance to the purchasers.
NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
Hybrid Trade Limited does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation,
warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any
representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of
the information set out in this white paper.
Further, no representation or warranty is given by Hybrid Trade Limited as to the achievement or
reasonableness of any plans, future projections or prospects set out in this white paper and nothing in
this document is or should be relied upon as a promise or representation as to the future
functionality, utility or availability of the Hybrid Exchange Platform and/or its associated services. To
the fullest extent permissible by law, Hybrid Trade Limited excludes all liability (and is not liable for)
any loss or damage of whatsoever kind (whether foreseeable or not) which may arise from any
person acting on any information and opinions contained in this white paper or any information which
is made available in connection with any further inquiries, notwithstanding any act or omission,
negligence, default or lack of care, by Hybrid Trade Limited, its entities, officers and/or employees.

PAGE 36

