Decentralizing the chatting industry

WHITEPAPER 0.8

1. Introduction to the chatting industry
1.1. About the protocol
1.2. The Hypnoxys Platform
1.3. Understanding the chatting indsutry & their problems
2. Core Objectives
2.1. Offering Solutions
2.2. Improving Chat service
2.3. Public groups and public chats
2.4. Encrypted chats being deleted after 1000 Ethereum blocks
2.5. Helping people around the world
2.6. Basic revenue for the usage of our app
2.7. Accelerator AC125-HYPX
2.8. Cryptocurrency and blockchain adoption
2.9. Affiliate system
3. Technology
3.1. Why Blockchain?
3.2. Ethereum and Smart Contract
3.3. Scalability protocol
3.4. IFPS data storage on blockchain

4. Token and Functionality
4.1. Accelerator with HYPX Tokens on Hypnoxys chat.
4.2. Blockchain Backed Transactions
4.3. Exchange services and value
5. Conclusion
5.1. Mid term Vision
5.2. Long term Vision
6. Resources

1. Introduction
To date, messengers are among the most common applications. This is facilitated by the
widespread dissemination of Smartphone and Internet access. With every passing day, more and
more messengers are appearing on the market. Each messenger has its own audience, and as a
result, it is necessary to install dozens of applications in the Smartphone to communicate with
friends.
Hypnoxys team is developing a multifunctional messenger; the architecture thereof is based on
P2P communication, distributed data storage in IPFS and end-to-end encryption. The solution,
based on a combination of these technologies, is consistent with the principles of
decentralization, confidentiality, and resistance to attacks.

1.1. About the protocol
The Hypnoxys protocol allows users to be paid to use the app. The app has a functionality that
allows it to add ads on the app to obtain more revenues. During each account creation ads are
disabled because we don t want obligate our users to add ads like other apps. We give the
decision to our users giving the opportunity to decide if they want obtain extra money. After ads
are enabled you can hold 5 ,000,000 HYPX tokens then automatically we provide the accelerator
for the time you spend on our app.

1.2. The Hypnoxys Platform
The app is developed using a decentralized structure. The architecture of the app is developed on
the basis of P2P communication without the participation of servers, distributed data storage in
IPFS and end-to-end encryption. The encryption ensures that data is secure and resistant to
attacks. The use of asymmetric end-to-end encryption and P2P connections between Hypnoxys
applications eliminates the possibility of intercepting user correspondence. Hypnoxys users have
the option of storing correspondence in IPFS. All user data is stored in an encrypted form. Data
security is provided by duplicating data on multiple nodes.
The emergence of various messengers has made the various audiences to be spoilt with choices
to access digital content. The Hypnoxys system is built with Ethereum protocol which is very
secure and gives customers an opportunity to earn revenues as they spend time on the app. At the
same time, the platform also ensures the benefits are passed on to the users in the form of
reduced prices.
Many believe that blockchain platforms and cryptocurrencies are complex technological
creations which are not easy to use. They believe that for someone to be able to understand the
technology and use any such platform should have advanced technical skills.
The team behind the development of Hypnoxys has conducted extensive research into the
industry to identify the problems. The team is developing a platform that addresses most of the
issues in the chatting apps.

Hypnoxys Features :
● individual and group text chats
● public groups and chats
● audio calls
● video calls
● public chats & groups
● HYPX transfers between users
● the accelerator of ads revenue

1.3 Understanding the chatting industry and its problems
In the introduction section of the Hypnoxys platform already gives a hint into the problems
engulfing the chatting industry. The industry as a whole depends on Hypnoxys apps. Hypnoxys
users depend mostly on chatting, video calling, and audio calling. Online chatting has enabled
streaming and content distribution platforms have made it easy for Hypnoxys users to make their
work available to the masses users. Direct communication is becoming important in reaching out
to many people and using messaging apps is a growing strategy used by many organizations.
Messaging apps are becoming more popular among the youths and they also boast high
engagement rates.
Hypnoxys platform's introduction gives an overview of the problems that affects numerous app
in the chatting industry. The app is dependent on the customers who use it and get paid after
using the app.

2. Core Objectives
The core of the Hypnoxys messenger is the concept of decentralized messaging. This concept
lies in creating an instant messenger, which will ensure the anonymity of users, confidentiality of
correspondence and the absence of a single point of failure.
The Hypnoxys application allows customers to interact in the form of a chat. The chatting
process is enhanced by a variety of tools that automate and speed up the whole process.
The need to connect and freely communicate with others lies at the core of being human. And it
is quite natural to expect that our communication with one another is not susceptible to
eavesdropping and censorship, or at the mercy of centralized gatekeepers. That is why the app
uses a decentralized chat system. A decentralized chat system can easily generate the user's
unique identity through the use of public key cryptography. The chat system offers a level of
service scalability and reuses except at the deepest layers of the internet technology stack.
Hypnoxys has encrypted messaging. This helps the app to encode information to prevent
unintended recipients from viewing it. The data encryption uses algorithms to convert
information into what looks like symbols and random characters. Individuals who have special
keys used in decrypting the information can access the encrypted information.
The encrypted texts in the channel are used to create audio and video calls, transmitting text
messages, exchanging additional public keys by means of which Hypnoxys applications of the
interlocutors will encrypt the transferred files and offline messages until the next connection. The
encrypted channel of the app may coordinate special names which will publish offline messages
until the next connection.

2.1. Offering solutions and opportunities
Hypnoxys is creating tried and tested decentralized application model into the chatting industry.
Before, people relied on centralized platforms which had numerous problems such as continuous
attacks from hackers who corrupt the information. This affects the streaming service, download
platform and actual pricing of the ads in the platform.
The use of blockchain and smart contracts within Hypnoxys makes it possible for the platform to
overcome all the challenges thrown at it. Starting with the use of cryptocurrencies alongside fiat
and automation of payments and settlements between users and the app. It also helps the
platform maintain low operating and transaction costs and to ensure that the platform is
accessible to everyone, everywhere at any given time.
2.2. Improving Chat service
Hypnoxys platform is made in a way that improves the chatting industry. The app offers various
level of flexibility to the holders. The app encourages more people to register on the platform
and earn revenue spending time on the app.
The payment methods used by Hypnoxys and its universal nature enables users across the world
to access its services efficiently. The platform is easy to use and users have virtually endless
choices of services to choose from. The presence of end-to-end data encryption helps in reducing
data security costs and thus the benefits will be enjoyed by the final user of the app.

2.3. Public groups and Public chats
Public groups on Hypnoxys can accommodate a large number of members. The groups can be
used by users to coordinate work and to communicate effectively with a wide number of
individuals at a time. The groups are optimized by app developers so that they can host a wide
number of individuals. Groups can be joined by sending invite links, join public groups through
the links so that one can meet people with the same idea and interest as yours. Groups are
important tools that help in building communities.
Public groups strengthen the unity of the Hypnoxys users since its users spend more time on
social media than direct contact, online groups give them the opportunity to connect with other
people of similar taste. Information posted in the group is accessible to everyone. To generate
revenue, companies are increasingly gearing toward public chat sales channel as it offers direct
interaction with a potential customer and ensuring higher ROI and customers satisfaction.
Through public chat, a medium can effectively focus on qualified leads in the form of visitors on
the app and convert these into sales.
2.4. Encrypted chats being deleted after 1000 Ethereum blocks
Encrypted chats in Hypnoxys require to be deleted after 1000 ethereum blocks. Ethereums rate
of block generation is high. More blocks are created quickly even if the transactions are
technically valid. Ethereum has a mechanism to remove data in the Hypnoxys. Every user needs
to know about the mechanism to prepare them when a command is ready to delete storage. The
blockchain protocol reduces the necessary block data down to the most essential inputs and
outputs which technically deletes data from history.

2.5. Helping People around the world
Hypnoxys helps its users with the possibility of anonymous communication. People can chat in
groups and public chats with data encrypted thus securing information for different parties.
The app can also be used as a communication channel for many businesses since it gives an
opportunity to create an information channel that many businesses and companies can use to
promptly inform their customers about the company's news and promotions, as well as conduct
interactive promotions, including remuneration and getting paid using our ads system..
Hypnoxys allows for channels to be created in it which are subscription based with payments in
tokens. Customers are rewarded for their time in the app and this encourages the developers to
add more features in the app. Many people can increase the amount of money earned from the
app by creating large public groups in which there will be integrated ads and with a referral
system implemented as a CPC, CPV systems (Cost per click, Cost per view).
All the main functions of Hypnoxys are absolutely free. A fee is charged 2% for the conversion
between HYPXR to HYPX tokens. Due to our HYPXR system (Hypnoxys as a reward), the
company generates money by the conversion of the tokens generated by users viewing ads.
Thanks to the optimization and code refactoring, the Hypnoxys application will not occupy much
space in the device memory, and the use of hardware encryption will save battery power thus
helping many people across the globe to access the app.

2.6. Basic revenue for the usage of our app
Hypnoxys platform pays users to use the chat with the functionality of adding ads on the app and
obtain more revenue. The app is different from other chatting apps since when you download the
app, ads are disabled, unlike the other apps which enable ads. The users of the app are given the
opportunity to decide if they want to earn extra money.
2.7. Accelerator AC125-HYPX
The accelerator in the app AC125-HYPX helps users in earning money for the time spent on the
app. Hypnoxys has a single tier architecture that enables it to keep all the apps elements
including back end data, middleware and the interface in one place. Single-tier architecture can
relate to the costs that are involved, where it might make more sense to keep simpler applications
contained in one easy platform. Hypnoxys team sees the system as the simplest and most direct.
By activating the AC125-Hypnoxys, users of the app are able to view more ads and therefore
earn revenue from the ads viewed. ( 5,000,000 HYPX required )
2.8. Cryptocurrency and Blockchain adoption
The adoption of blockchain and cryptocurrencies seems to be permeating many industries in
different sectors of the economy most particular trade and logistics, finance and other areas
where transactions occur. The use of blockchain and cryptocurrencies payment and transactions
is gradually increasing globally and the problem faced is the lack of regulatory protection and
price volatility which deter its wider use.
Hypnoxys is one of the cryptocurrency projects that are currently emerging. The platform has
introduced blockchain technology into the chatting industry to encourage the growth of the
industry adopting the usage of blockchain and cryptocurrency. The Hypnoxys team has a mission

of promoting the use of cryptocurrencies among the general public. In order to familiarize people
with cryptocurrency usage, they have included support for various payment options alongside the
platform's usage of tokens. HYPX tokens remain the primary mode of value exchange on the
platform but people can still earn money using other cryptocurrencies and even ethereum. By
using tokens in their platforms, Hypnoxys is ensuring that individuals who are not used to using
online money such as bitcoins are not left out and it helps many people to enter the digital
currency domain or blockchain. Once the individuals are on board and are able to earn revenue
after viewing ads on the app, they are sensitized and taught on how to manage crypto tokens. The
support and sensitization will be available until each individual is capable of managing the
tokens in the platform.
Our plan is focused on giving all of our users a way to earn revenue using our dapp. Not
counting numerous incentives for the first 10,000 registered and so on. The initiative tends to
benefit the holders and the users of Hypnoxys in the chatting industry. As Hypnoxys continues to
develop, many users will join the platform thus a lot of money will be made. The holders are
eventually expected to come up with solutions that can effectively combat challenges such as
piracy and system breakdown. In the near future, Hypnoxys plans to extend its focus on other
forms of digital content as well.
2.9. Affiliate Program
The one-level referral program is designed to attract users and provide the opportunity to earn
internal tokens for active users of attracting referrals. The system provides not only a fixed fee
for each active customer involved, but also a percentage of its payments and service revenue
from commission fees.

Here are just a few ways to use the referral program for referral deductions
-

Publication of the link in specialized groups and forums dedicated to cryptocurrencies
and blockchain technology (we are wary of spam, for this, we recommend to publish
links in a native format with a small description of Hypnoxys, and for the convenience of
users, we have prepared several prepared materials that you can use);

-

Run targeted or contextual advertising using your own referral link. Thus, the Hypnoxys
team will receive additional coverage among the loyal audience and additional inﬂow of
investments, and users will be able to increase their investments many times.

3. Technology
Hypnoxys is a decentralized, confidential, encrypted based on P2P communication and
distributes its data using IPFS (interplanetary File System). The platform combines numerous
technologies to enable it to become consistent with the principles of confidentiality,
decentralization and is resistant to attack. The platform is built over tried and tested Ethereum
protocol and Inter-Planetary File System (IPFS). Transactions on the platform are mostly
handled using its own tokens based cryptocurrency which is now one of the most sought-after
token creation standards.
Technology enables Hypnoxys users to quickly search on a single database, storage of
correspondence and synchronization between all devices of one user, service for transfer and
storage of Hypnoxys files, a quick connection even if client work through NAT. The core of
Hypnoxys messenger is the concept of decentralized messaging, this concept lies in creating an
instant messenger, which creates the anonymity of users, confidentiality of correspondence and
the absence of a single point of failure.

3.1. Why blockchain?
The blockchain is known as the new online economic transaction which is programmed to record
financial transactions and virtually everything of value. Most of the information contained in a
blockchain exists as a continually reconciled and shared database. The databases of blockchain
are not stored in one place, therefore, the records kept are easily verifiable and truly public. This
means that a hacker cannot easily corrupt the information that exists in a blockchain. Since
millions of computers host it simultaneously, the data are accessible to anyone on the internet.
Blockchain platform serves numerous functions. Smart contracts help to increase automation in
the blockchain platform. An additional layer of security along with a certain degree of anonymity
to the users on the platform is provided by the cryptocurrency blockchain. The nature of
technology ensures data integrity, transparency, and accurate record keeping. The blockchain
uses a decentralized network to host all the content to further strengthen security and privacy.
During the implementation of the blockchain technology, a crypto token is associated with it.

Hypnoxys is used for all the transactions taken over the platform. Through the use of
cryptocurrency as value exchange mode, geographical and technical barriers are easily overcome
and this prevents flawless use of fiat currency payment solution worldwide.
3.2. Ethereum and Smart Contract
Ethereum is a decentralized platform that runs smart contracts. The Hypnoxys applications that
run exactly as programmed without any possibility of downtime, censorship, fraud or third party
interferences. Hypnoxys runs on a custom built blockchain and an enormously powerful shared

global infrastructure that represent the ownership of property and move value around. Hypnoxys
helps its developers to create markets, stores registries of debts or promises, moves funds in
accordance with instructions given in the past( using tenses like a will or a future contract) and
many things that are not yet invented, without a middleman or counterparty risk. On the other
hand, a smart contract is defined as a contract implemented, deployed and executed within the
Ethereum environment. Smart contracts are the digitization of the legal contracts, deployed,
stored and executed within the Ethereum Virtual machine. Hypnoxys stores data that is used to
record information, facts, associations, balances and any other relevant information needed for
implementation of logic for real-world contracts.
The Hypnoxys ecosystem is built on the ethereum protocol which is the most favored blockchain
environment for decentralized applications. automation has been increased on blockchain
platforms due to the use of smart contracts. Hypnoxys is used in the chatting, earning of revenue
by viewing ads.

3.4. Scalability
Scalability refers to the number of users, sessions, transactions, and operations that can be
accommodated by the entire system. Scalability is important because it helps in the building of
the application that serves millions of users with zero downtime. Many organizations build a
jumble of applications that don't conform to set standards and are not sharing a cohesive
deployment pattern. This has led to the reduction of iteration on product development and hence
creates a lag in business. Adoption of a scalable platform that covers all applications such as
Hypnoxys is a way of problem-solving.

Hypnoxys is a solid and scalable platform which is essential. Every aspect of the application's
design requires consideration including areas that can be hit hard by the attacks such as hackers.
From this perspective, developing a scalable platform, enables organizations to work smart and
also meet the needs of the users. Through the high-performance processing of massive data
volumes, the scalable platform enables organizations to solve large scale business problems.
3.5. IPFS data storage on the blockchain
IPFS (Interplanetary File System) refers to a distributed file system that seeks to connect all
computing devices with the same system of files. The combination of blockchain together with
IPFS leads to a decentralized File Storage in the app. Decentralized storage is a solution that
many blockchain companies use to store their data and files without necessarily relying on
centralized silos of data that undermines values such as privacy and confidentiality of the
information. Decentralized storage networks operate in a similar manner with further advanced
cryptography and encryption as well as the added incentive mechanism. IPFS is used in
Hypnoxys as permanent storage for correspondence. For back up and synchronization of
information to be made, you need to use the corresponding option of the Hypnoxys app for data
to be stored in IPFS at a particular period of time by given users. It makes it possible to distribute
high volumes of data with high efficiency. And zero duplication means savings in storage. IPFS
keeps every version of your files and makes it simple to set up resilient networks for mirroring of
data. It remains true to the original vision of the open and flat web but delivers the technology
which makes that vision a reality. IPFS powers the creation of diversely resilient networks which
enable persistent availability with or without Internet backbone connectivity.

4.Tokens and Functionality
The Hypnoxys platform is built over Ethereum protocol and uses tokens for transactions on the
platform. HYPX tokens are the primary medium used for payment in the Hypnoxys app.
The tokens which are based on ethereum token standard (ERC20) are paid to users when they
activate ads to use the app. The Hypnoxys tokens can be purchased against bitcoin and other
cryptocurrencies. The tokens can be stored on different wallets of the user or within the
Hypnoxys platform.
All the transactions taking place on the Hypnoxys platform are recorded on the blockchain of the
app. The app is different from different chatting apps since it does not charge any fee for users
who download ads but it pays them for viewing ads. Any activity performed by the users is
secured because of the end-to-end encryption of the system. Since the Hypnoxys tokens are
already listed on different exchange platforms, token holders can, therefore, trade their tokens
with other cryptocurrencies of their choice and get an equivalent value or make profits.
4.1. Blockchain backed transactions
A blockchain is built by running software and linking several nodes together. Hypnoxys
ecosystem has an entire blockchain built around blockchains. The blockchain transactions
provide transparency to Hypnoxys and it is important in verifying P2P ; HYPX token
transactions between the users just like ethereum tokens and bitcoin.
4.2. Exchange Services and Value
Hypnoxys platform is made on a blockchain basis that enables it to attempt and storm the
chatting industry. With its model and capability, Hypnoxys adds value to the chatting industry

standards and it showcases a huge potential which is well recognized by the cryptocurrency
world. The tokens will be listed in different exchanges and the users will be actively trading.
With most of the upgrades being performed by the Hypnoxys team, the value of the token is
expected to further increase in the future. The team is performing numerous developments and
this may make Hypnoxys tokens to be listed among the best cryptocurrency tokens globally that
can be easily accessed by many users.
5. Conclusion
Hypnoxys apps are the fastest as compared to other apps. To be specific, the messenger segment
is one of the most and fastest growing markets of the digital industry. Hypnoxys is one of the
main driving forces in the field. Hypnoxys has enabled its users to earn extra revenue for the
time spent in the app. Large public groups have been created to facilitate the integration of ads
and a referral system implemented as CPC, CPV systems. (Cost per click, cost per view.)

Hypnoxys is a long term app which focuses on building its products to work perfectly before it
goes to the market. Hypnoxys products are going to be unique in the market the fact being that,
the set of advantages it will provide to its users.
Hypnoxys generates its profit through its HYPXR system. This is got through the conversion of
the tokens generated by users viewing ads. The platform has so far forged some important
strategic collaborations with some leading organizations and blockchain businesses. In the
coming months, the platform aims to extend its collaboration with other players in the market.

5.1. Mid-term vision
In the next 1 to 2 years, few significant upgrades are to be done on Hypnoxys to help companies
diversify target customers ranges and increase into a new market segment. During the launching
of Hypnoxys, an effective strategy enables to connect to its users of the new products before its
distribution by building interest and excitement around the product. Enforcement of the brand by
the company should be effective to help keep the customer's experience as the focus of every
stage of building the strategy. Social listening and benchmarking competitors are key factors to
be considered when making a good marketing launch for a new product in the market. HYPX
team plans to launch a multiplatform app which can be used in android, desktop, iOS and
webapp.
Hypnoxys will ramp up its advertising and marketing initiatives to encourage user adoption and
get the word out about the platform and its benefit.
5.2. Long term vision
Hypnoxys is unique in the market because of its set advantages it will provide to the users.
HYPX tokens are considered a long term investment. (2-3 years)
In conjunction with other cryptocurrency payment option, Hypnoxys will have a fiat payment
working system by end of 2020, this includes HYPX tokens. With the fiat implementation, the
Hypnoxys platform will later decide on the applicable exchange fees for fiat to cryptocurrency
conversion within its platform. the team plans to have community building initiatives which may
include organization of public events and meetups in different countries across the globe. The
events may be useful in marketing in order to gather more users. With all these initiatives plans

to create a new norm by empowering its users and securing the data of its users. It also plans to
diversify and offer other forms of digital contents alongside chatting.
6. References
-

Interplanetary File System - https://ipfs.io

-

N. (2019). Mobile messaging users worldwide 2021 | Statistic. Statista. Retrieved 11 February 2019 https://www.statista.com/statistics/483255/number-of-mobile-messaging-users-worldwide/

