CONTENTS
DISCLAIMER............................................................................................................................................. 3

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY......................................................................................................................... 4

INTRO......................................................................................................................................................... 4

ICECHAIN.................................................................................................................................................. 5

I CECHAIN TECH..................................................................................................................................... 5

ICECHAIN POSITIONING ...................................................................................................................... 6

SHARDING................................................................................................................................................7

SCALABILITY.............................................................................................................................................7

DECENTRALIZATION............................................................................................................................ 8

SECURITY FEATURES........................................................................................................................... 8

CROSS CHAIN TRANSACTIONS......................................................................................................10

ICH TOKEN................................................................................................................................................ 11

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION.........................................................................................................................11

ROADMAP................................................................................................................................................12

1. DISCLAIMER
This white paper is meant to be understood as offering an outline of what we hope to
create and does not in any way represent, nor should it be construed as, any type of
advice. This includes financial or tax related advice and you should know that you
should contact your own tax advisors before you decide to go ahead with lceChain.
lceChain, all employees of same and all affiliates are not responsible to you in any way
for any loss that you incur on the lceChain platform without any limit.
This white paper is supplied to provide generalized information and the information
contained herein should not be looked at as being comprehensive in nature or the final
specifics of the lceChain platform. All ideas contained in this paper can change before
the platform comes to fruition. All third-party information should be verified
independently. This white paper is not an offer to sell lceChain coins.
By virtue of having accessed this white paper you agree and understand that you
should not rely on this whitepaper as the final determination in whether to purchase
and ICH and that if you do it will be in full compliance with your own local laws, all other
laws and any further regulatory requirement that might exist. You understand that there
is no guarantee as to a set value for the ICH token or any related liquidity. You
understand that all lceChain employees, affiliates and owners, are not responsible for
the value that becomes attached to the ICH coin at any point in the future. This also
includes the ability to transfer the coin or market availability.
The ability to purchase any ICH coin will be regulated in the first instance by your own
local jurisdiction and the regulations which exist for same in your country. If you are a
resident of any jurisdiction that bans participation in the crypto market you must not
purchase ICH tokens, which includes but is not limited to Canada, the United States,
China, South Korea or New Zealand.
Risks should be carefully considered and weighted by you prior to buying any ICH. Any
statement which is made by any lceChain employee or any of its affiliates, are to be
considered as future projections and should not be considered a definite. The
purchase of ICH tokens will have separate terms and conditions which will govern that
area that will contain all facts relating to buying ICH. You understand that there are many
factors that might influence the token and platform in the future and that many are
outside of the platform's control, such as changes in regulation. This would include any
issue that might have an impact on the lceChain development.
You may not copy this white paper or share it without permission from lceChain. If you
need a translation of this white paper, please write to us by email and we will endeavour
to provide an accurate translation in your chosen language.

2. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Given the rise in use of decentralized blockchains, there has been a number of new
coins created to where now there are many coins to choose from, instead of the
'traditional' choices of Bitcoin or Ethereum. Due to this growth in the digital currency
market, there is a necessity to include a higher level of distributed ledger technology,
which is able to handle the high volumes without lag.
lceChain has created a system which can handle large amount of transactions.
lceChain is an innovative digital platform that is scalable and which provides secure,
decentralized technology. This guarantees the high level of security, leveraging
permissionless mining and transactions secured by at least 50% hash power at one
time sent to the head chain to prevent double spending. The platform can also issue
cross transactions and be confirmed in a few minutes. The number of cross transactions
at any one time will act to increase the response speed.

3. INTRO
Since Bitcoin first arrived on the global stage, the area of blockchain has advanced
quite considerably. Ethereum was the second generation and allows for blockchains to
run smart contracts. The industry has moved on yet again, to be a proof of stake style
platform which is a step up from the proof of work technology.
Under the lceChain platform there will be an ability to issue block rewards and use less
hash power overall. Block rewards will be issued on a proportionate basis which will
decrease the overall energy needed for mining and make the platform economically
efficient. This builds on from where the last generation of digital currency platforms left
off and will allow lceChain to have a dominant level in the industry. In the future, the old
way of transacting will become obsolete as customers will choose the service which
allows them to facilitate their transactions at the cheapest cost in the fastest time with
the highest level of security. The scaling is a major problem for traditional blockchains
at present. Under the lceChain system, this will be eliminated and the platform will have
the ability to scale as appropriate to allow for any number of users to make transactions
at the same time.

4. ICECHAIN
Through using the newest technology including using shards, lceChain will be able to
scale as need and also be able to handle any amount of distribution. Using this model,
lceChain will be able to offer high-throughput blockchain users are already looking for;
something safe, fast and cheap (if not free) to transact on. Since the platform will run on
a distributable network, it will allow the ICH coin to integrate into common purchase
transactions, offering a decentralized and fast service.

5. ICECHAIN TECH
The design principles which form the basis of the lceChain network are that the
platform is able to scale as needed while not compromising on any level of security and
without costing users more in transaction fee. Security, scalability and decentralization
are at the core of the lceChain model. Cross shard transactions will be able to be
created in a seamless manner which will give a high level of quality within the
experience to users. All this, on an ecosystem that will be driven by incentives and able
to support a wide variety of alternative platforms to provide users the ability to use one
account for all their transactions. Security will be maintained at the same high level
regardless of how large the platform scales.
The contemporary functioning of blockchain technology offers two basic functions in
every block found in a chain. There is the ledger that includes the current ledger, and
the confirmation that is required to approve the transactions from within the ledger and
go on to mine blocks in order to reach the desired difficult levels that creates the proof
of work. A ledger has the main benefit of offering a large area where data can be stored
which would include the ledger being up to date and continuously making notations of
all new transactions when they happen. Included in this would be the source, execution
code, destination and amount of the transaction. Only a finite amount of information is
capable of being saved into any single block, which is what causes the longer time
waits in the blockchain. Transactional results will create confirmations in the ledger prior
to the block being mined in order to reach the necessary proof of work. It is this system
that creates a belief in safety that another user could not attach the system by fork
mining, since to do so would cost the user far too much money and as such not be a
viable plan. More hash power is needed for the computation than for the rest of the
tasks needed to complete the process.
With this in mind, lceChain operates under a type of 'divide and conquer' approach that
will separate the above functions over two separate layers. This will allow for a high
level of scalability while the security levels are appropriately maintained throughout the
scaling. By using an elastic sharding layer, smaller shards in the blockchain can be
listed in the layers.

This means that as the shard numbers increase, the processing ability also increases,
creating an increased systems capacity through concurrent operations of both layers.
The lceChain network has a head chain which will act to confirm the blocks in the chain
without processing any of the transactions and have such a high level of difficulty that
people will not try to revert a transaction as it would not be a gain. Additional shards can
be supported on the platform that is capable of independently processing different
transaction subsets.

6. ICECHAIN POSITIONING
The design put forward by lceChain allows for a new approach in the blockchain
market, considering the single and multiple blockchain system relationship. When the
entire head chain reaches 100% hash power, the lceChain network will reposition itself
as a single blockchain, therein morphing as required, when necessary. This is possible
due to not having any shards of mining, and multiple pools of weaker miners working
together, and adding many minor blocks together allow for the head chain size to be
infinite. If the head chain hash power becomes 0% the lceChain system will
independently operate in a multiple blockchain system since each lceChain shard is an
independent blockchain operating together in a multiple blockchain system. This also
allows for the highest level of decentralization.
The lceChain network will have a much higher level of decentralization than other
existing blockchain systems, with an equally higher level of security. This is a benefit of
allocating only 50% hash power on the head chain and integrating sharding technology
that facilitates an increase in capacity in relation to the number of transactions being
processed. This is helpful in allowing scalability on the network any time that it is
needed without the need to compromise on efficiency and time. It also creates higher
than average decentralization levels as compared to normal blockchains, and offers
better security through maintaining half of the hash power within the head chain.
Main Features on the lceChain Network:

> lceChain maintains a horizontal scalability option, running each node as a full node

>
>

which creates the same security against attacks as what a traditional blockchain
offers.
lceChain network was designed from the outset with this scalability feature in mind,
so it will run smoothly and will offer high throughput.
The lceChain network is safe and well protected by 50% hash power distribution.

7. SHARDING
Sharding happens with data is partitioned from a larger database to several smaller
databases. The commonly used sharding method for centralized systems is for meeting
scalability. As an example, cross-shard transactions are supported on lceChain and the
platform uses the technology to meet their scalability requirements. When this type of
sharding is not planned for at the outset, however, there is an issue in maintaining the
same level of security that previously existed. Without planning for scalable security at
the outset, the system becomes weaker and more prone to risks when multiple
transactions hit the platform at the same time.
Sharding challenges include scalability and cross sharding, or security issues like single
shard takeovers. There can be a trade-off for older platforms that did not plan for
security scalability, in order to successfully create a blockchain. Where there is a need
for a larger storage capacity there can be seen to exist transaction speeds that are
slower than average. lceChain planned to overcome this issue from the outset, and as
such can be assured that it will not transpire on this platform as it has on older platforms.

8. SCALABILITY
Blockchain can be scaled in different ways, including through the use of multiple
blockchain, sharding or through a lightning network.
In a lightning network, it would be ineffective for a random user to try and reach a
sporadic target; transactions are tracked with lightning channels that are not as
transparent as they could be. This is because they are tracked inside the channel
instead of within the main blockchain. Third party sites are also a normal requirement in
this method, such as PayPal, in off-chain solutions like this. There are enough
centralized payment methods at present that it does not seem feasible to create
another. Scaling is completed by multiple blockchains by splitting transactions between
several different blockchains. This acts to a create less demand for transactions and
also creates less hash power to power each blockchain. In this type of system, a person
could gain enough hash power to create a double spend attack. Trading off security for
scalability is not a viable option, and multiple blockchains act to limit performance ability
for cross chain transactions. Cross chain transactions require users to maintain
addresses on each network, which is a further security issue, and there are key
concerns relating to private key management across multiple platforms.

9. DECENTRALIZATION
Necessary expenses are reduced through a decentralized trading and storage, giving
everyday people the chance to gain from technology just like a business or large group
would. Decentralization also creates the security for the entire blockchain that is
inherent in a good blockchain platform. When smaller mining pools link together to
create mining pools, proportional block share rewards can be enjoyed by any miner, in
the same time frame that a larger mining pool would gain. Centralization is benefitted
by this design of blockchain which is a risk to the decentralized proof of work format
blockchain that is envisioned.
Collaborative mining style formations create difficult algorithms which are effectively
hard enough to share the hash power across the miners equally, which allows for the
system to be evenly spread. This is controlled through the head chain and by ensuring
that at least 50% of the overall hash power is spread across the entirety of the network.
This acts to prevent any type of double spend attack or attack by a malicious miner.

10. SECURITY FEATURES
If security issues are prioritized through a decentralized ledger, vulnerabilities on the
transactional platform can be secured and eliminated. In order to keep every node in
sync, a peer to peer blockchain has the requirement of needing to be updated
regularly. In a proof of work based blockchain there will be 51% of the total hash power
needed for completion f the double spend or in order to reverse any transaction. To
create an attack like this requires the platform to be less decentralized than what is
possible in the lceChain network. When a blockchain is appropriately decentralized it
will create a situation that it would not be economically efficient for a person to attempt
a double spend attack.
The lceChain network has both a head blockchain, and several minor blockchains, that
all operate on different levels of difficulty and with different levels of incentive. Miners
can then choose which blockchain is best for them considering their desired hash
power. This creates an open market economics model that allows the blockchain to act
as a goods seller, i.e. the block rewards, and makes the miner a buyer. This benefits all
parties and allows all to pursue their own interests.
All lceChain system transactions are protected through the operation of a consensus
algorithm across the head and shard networks, while a proof of work system will be
operating across the head chain. At the same time a head chain first proof of work
algorithm is running within the shard networks. This type of proof of work system
operates in the main blockchain networks as well, such as Bitcoin and Ethereum, that
have the first proof of work additional head chain as a unique shard network platform
compared to lceChain.

lceChain is operated by determining which one of two shards will be allowed to survive
through having a node compare the corresponding chains and only allowing the longer
one to survive. This type of system would be much more difficult to attack since it would
require manipulating at least 51% of the overall hash power to survive.
On the lceChain platform there are 10 minor blockchains that operate in the network
system with a total head blockchain target of no longer than 180 seconds in duration
and block target durations of 10 seconds. This will facilitate the system being able to
operate and around 10x the level of any single shard, therein creating an even mining.
Trying to run super full nodes ends up being higher priced when there is a high level of
throughput in the blockchain. If 1M TPS is given on each transaction of 300 bytes a
requirement would be created for over 2.4GBps of network bandwidth, which most
users could not achieve. Traffic would also create a pull on the central processing unit,
storage, memory and overall network capability, which is not conducive to blockchain
values nor any good for maintaining decentralization.
T he lceChain network will tackle this issue through the implementation of several 'trust'
nodes that will cluster in order to run like a super full node. Each node will only be able
to validate a small subset of the chain and the grouping of subsets that cover the head
chain. If one node crashes it will not be an emergency because the other nodes will still
be running and continuing to validate blocks by the ability of any two nodes being able
to cluster. Miner incentives will encourage cluster formation that will have the result of
encouraging miners to work together.

HEAD CHAIN

SHARDS

Solving random block information will be conducted over a high number of blocks that
will be intensive on memory use and create an inefficiency in downloading random
blocks. A transaction will be classed as either being a cross-shard transaction that has
their input and output addresses contained on different shards, or will be in-shard
transactions. The in-shard transactions have less difficulty since the shard stores all the
information together, and a requirement to synchronize cross shard transactions as
they increase in amount. The cross shard transactions will be supported by allowing
any user to be able to issue a cross shard transaction at any point in time, that will have
a minutes confirmation and be able to scale linearly as shards increase in numbers.
With the lceChain solution a user will not have to make several accounts across all the
different shards in order to manage their cross-shard transactions since only one
account will be needed for account management to complete a smart contract. Smart
wallets will facilitate cross-shard and in-shard transactions in a seamless manner,
allowing the user to have in-shard transactions.

11. CROSS CHAIN TRANSACTIONS
In the lceChain design a cross-shard transaction becomes manageable by token
conversion and transaction performance. A sub-chain will be on offer to the other chain,
that can make a cross-chain a cross-shard. Smart contracts will be made possible
through the EVM as it is the most popular choice at present. Off chain transactions will
be accommodated for whenever a transaction must have access to information that is
off the blockchain. Smart contract data will be sharded when needed and remain
specific in nature. The overall account management is made easy by the ability to have
one account having access to any shard and users will be able to run a primary account
containing the user address in a default shard, or by running a secondary account that
manages every address of the user in a shard. The primary option will be the most
popular account chosen and will only be moved temporarily to another address in a
second account if necessary. The remaining balance in the secondary account will be
moved back to the main account. The overall process will be easy and the shards will
be able to automatically detect what a user's primary account is, with seamless running
that will go unnoticed by the user.

15. TEAM MEMBERS

Daniel Ling
Founder

Chao Liu
Project Lead Developer

Huy Dang
Blockchain Developer

David Lun
Software Developer

Monica Tang
Software Engineer

Ling Deng
Software Engineer

