Make shared eco for global foods
White paper

IFOODS CHAIN FOUNDATION LTD.
www.ifoodschain.io
2017.11

Contents
Abstract ..................................................................................................................................... 3
Glossary ................................................................................................................................... 4
Ⅰ. Ifoods chain desire and mission ................................................................................. 1
Ⅱ. Food safety detection eco background ................................................................... 1
2.1 Food safety detection market scale analysis...................................................... 1
2.2 High quality food safety market demand ........................................................... 2
2.3 Development Trend of Food Safety Detection Methods ............................... 5
2.4 Pain points in food safety and quality detection .............................................. 6
Ⅲ. Ifoods chain eco model ................................................................................................ 7
Ⅳ. Ifoods chain application scenarios ............................................................................ 9
4.1 Smart food detecting device and Mining (awards).......................................... 9
4.2 Distributed data value protection and delivery .............................................. 10
4.3 Distributed food detection network................................................................... 11
4.4 Distributed eco maintenance and administration .......................................... 13
4.5 Distributed e-commerce network ....................................................................... 15
Ⅴ. Ifoods chain technological models ......................................................................... 15
5.1 Ifoods chain technological structure .................................................................. 16
5.2 Core technology ...................................................................................................... 17
Ⅵ. Ifoods chain digital token .......................................................................................... 22

6.1 IFOOD introduction................................................................................................. 22
6.2 IFOOD advantages .................................................................................................. 22
6.3 IFOOD circulation model ....................................................................................... 22
Ⅶ. Ifoods chain digital token distribution ................................................................... 24
7.1Foundation administration..................................................................................... 25
7.2 Pass-through offer plan ......................................................................................... 25
7.3 Distribution details and nodes ............................................................................. 25
7.4

Project schedule ................................................................................................ 26

Ⅷ. Ifoods chain team introduction ................................................................................ 27
8.1 Core team .................................................................................................................. 27
8.2 Consultant team....................................................................................................... 29
Ⅸ. Cooperative organization .......................................................................................... 30
Ⅹ. Disclaimer ....................................................................................................................... 31

Abstract
It is a valuable strategy to make a detection platform for food quality and safety, and it relates
with national economy and people’s livelihood. At present, the effective eco consisted of
consumer, experts, enterprises, and organizations etc has not been established for food quality and
safety. Supply-side is lack of channels for reliable detected data transmission, consumption-side is
lack of convenient and safe food quality and safety detection methodologies, methods and
knowledge. The traditional centered detection methods, with disadvantages of high cost,
time-consuming, cannot meet the consumers’ requirements of rapid and instantdetections. We
express a desire and put forward a proposal to make a shared detection platform for food quality
and safety.
Ifoods chain is a public chain that bases on block chain technology to make a safe, reliable,
shared distributive food quality and safety detection. The profit of consumers, detection officer
and inspector is protected by smart contract. Food detectionsmart device and dynamic ARP
detection (DAI) technique enable the consumers’detection food quality and safety rapidly.
Multi-party is attracted to participate in the eco using excitation mechanism and shared block
chain technique. Block chain existing evidence and distributed storage technique guarantee the
safety and querying of the trade information. The development of decentralized application
(DAPP) and smart device realize the multi-distributive mode application of all technology areas in
food quality and safety.
The public chain system requirement is met by the design of the white paper. The public
chain system of Ifoods chain realizes many applications including smart devicefood detection and
dagger, distributed food detection data value delivery and protection, distributed food detection
network, distributed eco maintenance and administration, and distributed e-commerce network
etc.

Glossary

IFOOD：IFOOD is the digital coin of the de-centralized eco.
Food detectionsmart device: Food detectionsmart device is a distributed device that bases on
reliable food data model to collect samples being detected, and upload the data of food
detection and location, and simultaneously daggering.
Super probe system: Super probe system, developed by Ifoods chain and focused on mature
application of meat detection, headed to consumer, enterprises and supervises and can rapidly
and instantly obtain food quality and safety information, is a kind of smart device of food
detection.
Distributed data value protection and transmission: Ifoods chain’s eco data is self-owned,
which participants’ data are absolutely confidential and the data for trade can be done safely
and reliably.
Distributed food detection network: Participants in Ifoods chain eco are the massive
distributed device owners.
Distributed eco maintenance and administration: Ifoods chain eco includes the profit of
the participants such as trade matching, community voting etc.
Distributed ecommerce network:
In Ifoods chain, the access to market needs community voting for medium to high quality
food distributed sales network, which is different with traditional sales network.
USP system：USP（universal service platform） system is a mediated element of the Ifoods
chain block chain. USP system will be reserved for front-end application of open API
interface and SDK for different users.
DAI：Distributed Artificial Intelligence (DAI) is a combination of the artificial smart and
distributed calculation.
DID：Ifoods chain uses DID to identify and manage entities’ network identity on the chain.
DID aims to realize the identity authentication based on blockchain, in which ID generation,
ID management and user authentication, etc.
OBFT: OBFT is a sort of algorithm that is improved having super nodes, 1/3 error tolerant
rate and better consensus efficiency.

Ⅰ. Ifoods chain desire and mission

Ifoods chain desire：
Make global food detection shared eco
Ifoods chain global mission：
Ifoods chain public chain is developed basing on block chain technology, smart contract,
DAI, smart devices and other technologies. Ifoods chain provides consumers with the means
to quickly detect food safety and quality data, protect the rights and interests of food detecting
experts, and promote the development of food safety.

Ⅱ. Food safety detection eco background
2.1 Food safety detection market scale analysis
According to the global food market data issued by the GlobalData in July 2017, the
Chinese food market ranked first in the US $1 trillion and 173 billion 900 million, while the
United States ranked 1 trillion and 166 billion 300 million in second. Japan, Germany and
Britain also rank among the top five, but the scale is only $23 billion, far from China and the
United States. The total global food market is US $6 trillion and 317 billion 600 million and
is expected to grow to US $7 trillion and 735 billion in 2020. In the 2015 regional ranking,
Europe topped the list of US $2 trillion and 126 billion 800 million, followed by Asia Pacific
with us $2 trillion and 123 billion, followed by North America, Latin America and the Middle
East. The industry believes that with the growth of China's economy, the Asia Pacific region
surpassed Europe last year and became the world's largest food market.
The growth of food market drives the development of food safety detecting market.
According to the survey, 59.3% of respondents were most concerned about the relevant
detection certificate when choosing food. In contrast, price, brand, production, processing and
appearance are not very highly concerned.

1

Fig 2.1 2016-2022 China food safety detection market prediction （Hundreds millions yuan）

According to the year of 2018-2023 analysis report on the development prospects and
investment opportunities of China's food safety detection industry, the demand for fast food
safety detection will be increased by more than 15% in the next few years. It is estimated that
by 2022, the market scale of domestic food safety detecting industry will exceed 100 billion
yuan.

2.2 High quality food safety market demand
Meat market demand
Taking beef as an example, the import of beef in China increased from 16 thousand tons
in 2000 to 700 thousand tons in 2016 (a steep increase in 2013, up to 4 times the same year
period), while the export volume fell from 47 thousand tons to 25 thousand tons in the same
period. The rise of beef price and the reverse change of beef import and export further
confirm that China's beef cattle industry is in short supply and the industry space is vast.
At present, the per capita consumption of beef in China is about 5kg, accounting for only
1/2 of the world mean and 40% of the Asian mean. Assuming that the per capita consumption
of beef in our country reaches the world average of 10kg, the total consumption is close to 15
2

million tons, and the beef consumption market in our country is expected to reach 900 billion
yuan in the future.
800
700
600
500
400
300
200
100
0
2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016

export（kiloton）

import（kiloton）

Fig 2.2 Import and export volume of China in 2000-2016 years

Organic food market analysis
The report “Organic Foods & Beverages Market Analysis by Product, Organic
Beverages, and Segment Forecasts, 2014-2025” shows that by 2025, the global organic food
and beverage market is expected to reach US$320.5 billion, much higher than the US$77.4
billion in 2015. . Fruits and vegetables dominate the global organic food market, accounting
for more than 37% of market revenue in 2015. It is predicted that by 2025, the organic fruits
and vegetables market is expected to earn more than 110 billion US dollars.
3000
2624.4
2500
2000
1500
1000
600
400

500

300

181.8

0
USA

Germany

France

China

UK

Fig 2.3 organic food sales in main global countries in 2015（Hundreds millions yuan）
3

In addition, consumers’ consumption of organic meat and poultry products is also
increasing, and this segment of the market is pushing ahead in the development of the entire
market. During the forecast period, the compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of sales of
organic meat and poultry products is expected to reach 13%.
In 2015, organic food sales in the United States reached 262.44 billion yuan. Europe is
the second largest organic food consumer market except the United States.
600
500
400
300
200
100
0
2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

Fig 2.4 China organic foods sales in 2017-2021（Hundreds millions yuan）

American organic food market share accounts for 90% of the world's total. According to
the “Organic survey” conducted by the International Organic Market Research Organization,
Germany and France are the countries with the highest organic food sales in Europe. In 2015,
they were nearly 60 billion yuan and 40 billion yuan respectively. Britain ranked third, with
sales of 18.18 billion yuan. The broad market space for international organic food provides an
extremely favorable external environment for the development of China's organic food
industry.
The “Investment Analysis and Forecast Report of China's Organic Food Market in
2017-2021” released by the China Investment Advisor predicts that China's organic food sales
will reach 34.5 billion yuan in 2017, and the average annual compound growth rate for the
next five years (2017-2021) will be approximately 13.17%, sales in 2021 will reach 56.5
billion yuan. According to the data of the Organic Trade Organization (OTA), sales of organic
food and beverages in China will increase by 15.9% from 2015 to 2020.
4

High demand for food safety and quality detection
According to research data, the scale of demand for food safety detecting device in
China reached more than 30 billion yuan in 2013, and the growth rate has been maintained at
more than 30% in recent years. From a digital perspective, there are 24,847 detection agencies
in the country for agricultural systems, quality detection, food and medicine, and health care
systems. In 2013, the agricultural system alone had a total of 3.1 million law enforcement
personnel deployed throughout the year, 621 new detecting institutions and laboratories were
newly added, and detection agencies nationwide issued 85 million detection reports on food
and agricultural products, and the annual market for detecting device. 100 billion yuan in
scale. Under such a scale, food safety is still not perfect, and it is expected that by 2020, the
total number of laboratory and fast-check equipment and consumables plus third-party
detecting will reach more than one trillion yuan.

2.3 Development Trend of Food Safety Detection Methods
Food safety detection requires government supervision, corporate awareness and full
participation. Food detection has a high technical threshold and the equipment is expensive.
The testing organizations need sophisticated instruments to study various components of food.
Large high-precision testing instruments are not suitable for popularization, and the sampling
detection by testing organizations can’t fundamentally satisfy people's right to know about
food safety detection information. Expensive high-precision equipment in labs and the rapid
detection technology have been used for food detection. In the long run, the development of
food detection technology can’t be separated from the increase in people's demands.
In 2018, the emergence of smart devices such as super probes and the protection of
intellectual property rights of food testing data by block chains created conditions for the
participation of all people in food safety detection. The survey shows that 59.3% of
respondents are most concerned with the relevant detection certificates when purchasing
foods. By contrast, prices, brands, production and processing areas and appearances are less
concerned. We believe that smart devices such as super probes can meet consumers' needs for
5

real-time food safety detection, and the future food safety detection will be as easy as using a
smart phone. Smart devices such as super probes can truly guarantee the core interests of
consumers, regulators, merchants, and detection experts and are increasingly recognized by
more and more people.

2.4 Pain points in food safety and quality detection
Supply-side pain points
On the supply-side of the food safety quality detection market, there are pain points and
lack of trusts. The food detection expert detection data analysis service relies on a third-party
centralized system, and there is no channel and way of trust to deal directly with the detector
and demander. At the same time, relying on a third-party centralized system makes the food
detection expert's data model easy to leak, and the intellectual property rights of the detection
expert cannot be well protected.

Consumption-side pain points
There is a lack of methods, means, and knowledge in the consumption side of the food
safety and quality detecting market. In terms of food safety quality detecting methods, sample
detecting methods on the market are costly, time-consuming, and food safety detection
thresholds high. It is difficult for traditional methods to meet the needs of researchers,
ordinary citizens, and businesses to quickly and cost-effectively detect food safety.

Lack of convenient, low-cost detecting method
The food detection methods in the market are costly and time-consuming, and the food
safety detection threshold is high. Traditional means cannot meet the needs of ordinary
citizens and businesses to quickly and cost-effectively detect food safety. In the traditional
process of meat detection, the process of sample selection, instrument detection, and results
analysis are complex and cannot meet the needs of end consumers.

6

Safe detecting of intellectual property is difficult to protect
In the traditional centralized detection method, the detection expert provides a third-party
central organization of the detection data model. Food science and technology intellectual
property lacks effective protection measures, and expert knowledge data models are easily
leaked and stolen.

Insufficient food related knowledge of consumer
Food data is in the hands of suppliers, detecting departments, and businesses. Consumers
often do not get the data they really need. At the same time, due to the lack of relevant
knowledge, consumers and businesses face food-related data provided by the regulatory
authorities. On the one hand, it is difficult to judge the merits of food, and on the other hand,
there is no intuitive understanding of the detection data.

Ⅲ. Ifoods chain eco model
The Ifoods chain eco is a distributed food safety quality detectioneco based onblockchain.
In the Ifoods chain, detecting experts, examiner, regulators, food companies, businesses, and
consumers participate in the eco. Ifoods chain is based on technologies such as blockchain
technology, smart contracts, DAI, and food detection smart devices to protect the interests of
participants while satisfying the need for rapid and instant detection of food by eximiners, meeting
the needs reflected by the value of food detection experts' knowledge, meeting the needs of
companies, The need for rapid detecting, data linking, etc. Ifoods chain provides consumers with a
means to quickly detection food safety quality data, protect the rights of food detection experts,
and promote the development of food safety. The Ifoods chain eco model is shown in Figure 3.1.

Detecting experts
In the Ifoods chain ecosystem, detecting experts in food, meat, vegetables, food, water,
and oil fields provide reliable food data analysis models. (Ifoodschain determines the
reliability and feasibility of detecting experts to provide food data analysis models through
community voting and smart data analysis models)
7

Fig 3.1 Ifoods chain eco model

Examiner
In the Ifoods chain ecosystem, the examiner is an eco participant who uses food
detection smart devices for food data extraction and selects food model libraries for
distributed food detecting.
Supervision department
In the Ifoods chain eco, the supervision department uses food detectionsmart devices to
analyze food data rapidly and instantly, and improves detection efficiency and administrative
efficiency.
Food enterprises and business men
In Ifoods chain eco, food enterprises and business men can reduce food detection cost by
using food detectionsmart device to analyze food data rapidly and instantly.
Distributed e-commerce
In Ifoods chain eco, high quality food enterprises selected by the mode of community
voting will become the participants of the distributed suppliers.
Consumers
In the Ifoods chain ecosystem, the buyers of safe food and the purchasers of detecting
data. Consumers can be detects, and detects can also be consumers.
8

Ⅳ. Ifoods chain application scenarios
Ifoods chain will develop a variety of DAPP applications including smart devicefood
detection, daggering, distributed data value delivery, protection, distributed food detection
network, distributed eco maintenance and administration and distributed e-commerce etc.

4.1 Smartfood detecting device and Mining (awards)
Smartfood detecting device
Block chain account book cannot be tempered with, on which multi-party maintain the
account book together. Smart devices are based on the block chain, which guarantees
real-time, orderly and forgery of the uploaded data. Meanwhile, the collected data of smart
device is owned by the user, which can be shared and be sold for awards. A massive shared
data enables every food data at all levels of distributor, detailer, e-commerce, consumers and
all levels of municipal supervision agencies to consensus and share.

Fig 4.1 Smart food detection and mining device

The food detectionsmart device includes meat probe, liquid probe, detection paper, oil
detectingdevice, pesticide residue detecting device, bad additive detection instrument, organic
and inorganic identification instrument, etc. The data is transmitted to the DAPP of the mobile
9

phone by Bluetooth, and then is showed to the users. The user confirms and uses the mobile
APP's wallet module signature, and uploads the data to the Ifoods chain block chain system
for permanent storage, and the smart device triggers the back end detection system of the
Ifoods chain. Using the uploaded data as input, combined with the tools provided by our food
experts, the results and conclusions of the detection are feed backed to the user's mobile APP,
and the user can choose to upload the detection conclusion to the block chain. This conclusion
can be used as an open and non-tamper able detection conclusion. For valuable data,users can
query the detected data and conclusions through the block chain browser.
Mining
The participants in the Ifoods chain eco include food detecting experts, regulators, food
enterprises, merchants, inspector and consumers, all of which can share the desensitization
data and get IFOOD awards.
With smart hardware such as super probe, participants share the desensitization
information such as consumption information, food detection information, location
information and so on with the premise of privacy protection, and obtain IFOOD rewards
through smart contracts.

4.2 Distributed data value protection and delivery
Based on block chain technology, the data of individuals and organizations will be
protected by Ifoods chain. At the same time, data models will be paid for data transmission
and data transactions value delivery.

Data model usage and protection
Traditional centralized detection method cannot effectively protect expert model data.
Ifoods chain can guarantee the security of expert data model using DAI technology. For the
expert institutions uploaded standard data, Ifoods chain will be classified reasonably and
smart matching. When consumers have demand for data detection, they can choose to pay
IFOOD to data experts using DAPP display through smart contracts, and then carry out the
data detections.

10

Fig 4.2 Distributed data value protection and delivery

Measurement and sale of data
Consumers are the sole owners of their own data and can provide data to others
for IFOOD return. It includes food data either currently detected by consumers or
obtained in different places in the past. Meanwhile, based on smart contracts,
purchasers can only have the right to use data, by which purchasers can get food data
statistics more cheaply and rights and interests protected.
Shared data masking and daggering
Ifoods chain eco effectively protect the data of all the participants including food
data, consumption data, detecting data and location data. The participants can obtain
awards by sharing their own data masking
4.3 Distributed food detection network
The distributed food detection network, based on the shared, open and distributed
consensus of the block chain, is not only the central detecting organization, but also the
thousands of super probes and other smart device owners. Food detection experts, supervision
regulators, food enterprises and school canteen are included in. it truly participates in food
safety and quality detecting, and create a win-win and sustainable distributed food detection
network. At the same time, every participant can share regional food quality data and get
11

IFOOD award. By usingsmart contract transaction and DAPP display, consumers can get
valuable regional food quality information across regions and time zones athome.

Fig 4.3 Distributed food detection network

Consumers participation：
Consumers quickly and conveniently detection the foods, such as beef, pork, mutton,
vegetables, bacteria etc. Use smart hardware to collect data, match transactions in Ifoods
chain, pay by smart contract, and feed back the analysis results of DAI to DAPP.

Food detecting experts (agencies) eco participants：
Food detection experts (agencies) eco participants, such as pork detection experts,
bacteria detection expert, and vegetable detection expert etc will upload their data-based of
research achievements and patents to Ifoods chain, and improve the whole Ifoods chain eco
public chain.
Ifoods chain will protect the core interests of data detecting experts, and encourage
experts to provide more food data security detection models. From vegetables to meat, from
organic to inorganic, from pesticide residues to heavy metal pollution, the distributed network
of food detecting will gradually cover the whole food industry.

Supervision agencies participation：
Distributed food safety and quality detection network, the supervision agencies can
12

collect or purchase credible data for analysis, and quickly get regional food quality data. It
can also use smart hardware to supervise food safety and on-site collect the food data of the
vendors to be monitored and feedback the results in 2 minutes to improve the efficiency of
supervision and the credibility.

Food enterprises participation：
The relative food purchasing enterprises can use smart devices to detection large quantity
of the purchased foods. The cost of usage can be reduced by using Ifoods chain quick
detection, and get results immediately and increase sampling coverage.

Schools and restaurants participation：
Public institutions such as schools and restaurants can use smart equipment, carry out
food safety and quality detecting, ensure the safety of the material and reduce the cost of
purchasing.

4.4 Distributed eco maintenance and administration
The distributed food safety and quality detection eco is guaranteed by using Ifoods chain
trade matching mechanism, payment mechanism, evaluation feedback mechanism, and
according to the super node voting governance, and the whole people participation.

13

Fig 4.4 Distributed eco maintenance and administration

Transaction matching and payments
Ifoods chain will classify the standard data to ensure that the detection data match the
corresponding model. Participants choose the model freely based on DAPP and pay by smart
contract, by which the safety of transactions is guaranteed and the cost of the third party is
reduced.

Evaluation feedback
All participants who use standard data can feedback the evaluation results after use, and
the block chain will ensure that the evaluation cannot be changed. At the same time, the
cumulative evaluation results are smartly detected.

Community voting
Ifoods chain uses community voting to make decisions and votes according to super
nodes, (1) community voting data (standard data of experts, institutions, etc.)
(2) community voting for malicious data uploaded and processing of malicious accounts.
(3) community voting selection of enterprise distributed e-commerce

14

4.5Distributed e-commerce network
Ifoods chain based on the large data obtained by the probe system, block chain technology,
and AI to establish the Distributed E-Commerce DAPP, to ensure the safety, high quality, and
verifiable of the distribution of electric business food. Entering e-commerce DAPP requires other
nodes to vote on its block chain data to ensure a fair access to the platform and to jointly build a
distributed security and high quality food sales eco.

Fig 4.5 Distributed e-commerce network

The distributed e-commerce network will select high quality food suppliers through
community voting. The merchants of the distributed e-commerce network record and upload
food safety detection data to Ifoods chain, users choose to purchase food information, and
feedback the evaluation information in real time. Distributed DAPP will protect consumers'
behavior data and transaction data such as click, browse and purchase. The transactions in the
distributed electricity supplier use IFOOD to settle accounts, reduce the cost of the third party,
and ensure the safety of the transaction.

Ⅴ. Ifoodschain technological models
Ifoods chain requirements for block chain: support high frequency trading, support
TPS >3k, block time between 6 seconds and 8 seconds; with the storage capacity of general
15

data, can customize and expand the data structure of the transaction; have a better storage
function for large files; can provide complete and easily editable smart contract platform.
Ifoods chain will build its own public chain system to better create a distributed food safety
detecting eco.

5.1 Ifoods chain technological structure
Ifoods chain builds a secure, trustworthy and shared food safety and quality detection
network that is based on block chaining technology,protection of consumers, inspector, and
detecting experts through smart contracts and DAI technologies; It is capable of quickly
detecting the food quality and safety by food detectionsmart devices with incentive
mechanisms and block chain sharing technology features, whichattracts multiple parties to
participate in the eco; guarantee the security of transaction information through block chain
storage and distributed storage; and develop a variety of distributed applications in the field of
food quality and safety through a series of DAPP development.

Fig 5.1 Ifoods chain technological structure

16

5.2 Core technology
Ifoods Chain public chain
Ifoods Chain is committed to realizing the value circulation of food safety detection
information, and building a rapid, real-time and safe food safety detection ecosystem that
involves all people while protecting food safety detection information and food safety
detection model data, thus providing knowledge protection and trading means for the food
safety detection business. Based on the ecological needs of the Ifoods Chain, we will develop
the Ifoods Chain public chain based on the OBFT consensus mechanism:
1.Supporting high-frequency trading; supporting the transactions per second (TPS)
above 5k; generating a block in 6 to 8 seconds;
2. Storing general data; customizing and expanding the transaction data structure;
3. Storing large files properly; and
4. Providing a Turing-complete smart contact platform which is easy to compile.
The public chain of Ifoods chain is consisted of value agreement and value network. The
Ifoods chain public chain value agreement includes smart devices, asset wallets, and data
evaluation mechanisms. Ifoods chain public Chain Wallet provides personal or institutional
tools for exchanging, paying and settling accounts. At the same time, the Ifoods chain public
chain maintains the entire Ifoods chain public chain self development and incentive system
through effective participation and trusted data analysis services, as well as the needs of food
safety detections. At the same time, based on DAI and consensus mechanism, a distributed
direct supply platform is established to provide safe and high-quality food.
The Ifoods chain public chain value network is composed of functional service area and
function module. With the underlying protocol of block chain, all transaction data of Ifoods
chain public chain are recorded and written into each node by verifying the data sharing
mechanism, by which real data can be more simple and reliable through the smart contract.
With the involvement of everyone in the activity, their own smart contract executors and data
sharing, and ensure the fairness and reliability of participation through the common data
verification mechanism is accomplished. Through the sharing and writing mechanism of
17

block chain, we form a callable and verifiable functional service network parallel to the real
world.
Distributed account book is an important infrastructure of Ifoods chain reliable storage.
Distributed account book technology’s features of decentralized, un-tempered with, and
common accounts are the keys to realize reliable distributed multi-party network of Ifoods
chain. Distributed account technique is a foot stone of Ifoods chain operation, which can
guarantee the data and secure transaction of Ifoods chain eco.

OBFT consensus mechanism
Ifoods Chain proposed the OBFT consensus mechanism based on the needs of food
safety detection for ecological, fast, instant information value transmission and detection
method transactions. The OBFT consensus mechanism includes:
Trusted verification nodes are selected from a lot of nodes by community voting, and the
verification nodes may be added or deleted at any time based on ecological requirements.
Verification nodes are governed through distributed community governance, verification
nodes are used, and through the verification node mechanism; a consensus is reached in
Ifoods Chain on the information value transmission of food safety detection and the detection
method transaction information.
In each round of block generation of Ifoods Chain, a verification node is selected by a
random algorithm to record the information data block, to meet the ecological requirements of
rapid block generation without bifurcation and tampers. The OBFT consensus mechanism can
generate a block in 6 seconds to meet the real-time requirements in the detection scenario.
The OBFT consensus mechanism consumes no resources for mining and supports
high-frequency trading. Based on the OBFT consensus, the TPS in the Ifoods Chain
ecosystem can exceed 5,000.

USP infrastructure
The core structure of Ifoods chain is based on block chain technology and distributed
storage technology, and provides a massive data storage service for the food industry.
In the Ifoodschain infrastructure, a USP (universal service platform) system is designed
that serves the needs of different users of the Ifoodschain block chain system in the food field.
18

We incorporated the core function of the Ifoodschain block chain and the USP of various
service systems. After incorporation, the whole structure is used as the middleware of the
Ifoodschain block chain system. The USP system to be used by different users will be
reserved for the front-end application of the open API interface and SDK. The USP system
designed by Ifoodschain has the following advantages:
(1) Simplify and unify the docking of Ifoods chain system;
(2) Enable users, developers and other vendors to access and accept Ifoodschain services
anytime, anywhere, using various devices and accesses.

DAI
The application scenario of Ifoods chain involves related technologies such as
transaction matching, model selection, data analysis and so on. The use of these technologies,
including model training, is based on artificial intelligence with depth learning algorithms,
and will consume massive computing power. Therefore, we introduce distributed artificial
intelligence (DAI).
DAI is the combined product of artificial intelligence and distributed computing. The
proposal of DAI has met the needs of designing and building complex smart systems and
computer supported cooperative work (CSCW). The purpose is to study the behavior and
methods of the distributed smart group agent in logic or physics, and to study the knowledge
and skills and planning of coordination to operate it, and to complete the multitask system and
to solve all kinds of problems with clear goals.

DID
Ifoods chain uses DID to identify and manage entity's user identity on the chain. DID is
user's digital ID on the Ifoods chainto realize the identity authentication based on the Ifoods
chain, in which, for ID generation, ID management and user authentication, we use data
encryption algorithm, data signature algorithm and data Hash algorithm to ensure the security
of the user and the whole chain.
As one of the core protocols of the Ifoods chain trust network, the physical identification
verification system integrating diversity, distributed layout, scalability and real-time
protection of data privacy supports distributed and diversified identification and
19

authentication of all kinds of entities in the Ifoods chain trust network, including people,
organizations and articles.
Firstly, identity label and multidimensional authentication:
The Ifoods chain identity label uses a distributed digital identity scheme. The digital
identity itself is not related to a specific business and specifically how to use it will be defined
by a practical application scenario. The identity of each entity (human, object or organization)
in the digital identity scheme can possess a series of distributed sources of trust to choose
different authentication methods in different scenarios.
Secondly, identity entities and identity labels:
In Ifoods chain, an entity (person, organization or object) can correspond to a digital
identity, but different specific identities based on Ifoods chain digital identity can be
generated in different application scenarios. Before authorized by the ID entity licensor, no
third party can clarify the identity label used in another system of an entity according to its
identity label used in one network system. Therefore, the privacy security and identity
information rights can be well protected by isolating the operations of different entities from
different systems through different identity labels.

Super probe system
Super probe is a mature application of Ifoods chain smart device for meat detection. The
super probe system is a MEMS food detection DAPP block chain application system designed
by Ifoods chain for consumers, businessmen and food enterprises. The super probe is easy to
carry and can be used to detection food related data quickly and instantaneously. Compared
with the standard database of eco chain such as experts, it helps consumers choose.
Mobile terminal is the main feedback channel after consumer detection.
(1) Displaya consumer's detection data and its deviation from the normal value.
(2) Displaythe detecting data of shops: display a period
data detected and analysis.
(3)Display location detecting data:display the detection
data in a location area in a certain periodandanalysis.
In view of the actual supermarket purchase scenario of
20

consumers, the super probes designed by Ifoodschain have the following advantages:
(1) Fast immediacy
The detection duration of the super probe is designed currently in the 120S, which
enables consumers to obtain the reference information of food thickness in a very short time.
(2) Easy to carry
Fig 5.2 Super probe
Considering the actual use of the scenario, the design of super
probe will give full

consideration to the convenience of the consumer. The parameters of the super probe are
designed at present: length <20CM; width <10CM; thickness <5CM; weight <0.5KG
(3) The inviolability of data ownership
Every detection data belongs to the data creator, and user has the absolute privacy of
the data, and the benefit also belongs to the data creator.

Ifoods Chain will match the data of smart food safety detection instruments such as
super probes, pesticide residue detectors, and organic and inorganic identification instruments
to the corresponding detection expert's professional data model via DAI technology. The
inspector can freely select models for food safety information analysis. The results of food
safety detection analysis will be recorded in the distributed safety storage of USP system via
the OBFT consensus mechanism and presented in the DAPP application. The inspector can
obtain intuitive food safety detection data and is the only owner of the data.

Smart contract
Smart contract is featured as an event driven, state, multi-party recognition, running on the
block chain, and automatically process assets according to the preset conditions. The great
detection advantage of smart contract is to use program algorithm to replace the decision and
execution of a contract depending on people. When ansmart contract is assignedto a block in a
block chain and the external data and events are entered into an smart contract, the
corresponding actions will be automatically output according to the internal preset response
conditions and rules, and the results will be recorded on the block. In essence, smart contracts
are also a section of the program, but unlike the traditional IT system, smart contracts inherit
3features of the block chain: transparent data, no tampering, and permanent operation.
21

Block chain certificate
Block chain certificate is an important technical point of Ifoods chain block chain
platform.
In ecoconstruction, data cannot be tampered with is the key. The traditional proof of
evidence is not strict, because these evidences are easily forged and destroyed. To complete
the proof, it is necessary to rely on a strong chain of evidence. It is impossible for anyone to
forge and destroy it, or to say that the cost of forgery is almost impossible. The block chain
technology extracted from Bitcoin system has such powerful data protection ability.
Block chain certificate ensures that food safety and quality detection information is
recorded on the block chain. The information stored on the block chain eventually forms an
effective chain for food safety. Because the whole chain of evidence is composed of multiple
links and multiple nodes, it also somehow ensures the reliability of product information. Once
the food is in the hands of consumers and they want to know the information about the food,
it is easy to get relevant information by querying block chain.

Ⅵ. Ifoods chain digital token
6.1 IFOOD introduction
IFOOD is a decentralized digital token of Ifoods chain eco.

6.2 IFOOD advantages
IFOOD is the only currency circulating in Ifoods chain for food safety and quality
technological detection. IFOOD is a centralization of digital assets, transaction security can
be querying. There is no third party intermediary cost to protect the interests of participants.

6.3 IFOOD circulation model

22

In the Ifoods chain eco, IFOOD will carry out two levels of liquidation to safeguard the
common interests of investors and eco participants. IFOOD is only one way flow from the
exchange to the applied eco.

Fig 6.1 IFOOD one-way circulation

In Ifoods chain eco, IFOOD is connected with examiner, consumer, food detecting
experts, food enterprises and distributed e-commerce.Ifoods Chain will create a food safety
23

detection information protection and transaction ecosystem with the participation of all people.

1. Consumers can obtain simple, easy-to-understand and credible food safety data
quickly through Ifoods Chain and truly gain a sense of participation in food detection.
Meanwhile, consumers can use IFOOD to purchase safe, high-quality foods directly on
distributed e-commerce platforms.
2. Ifoods Chain will select the food detection expert's professional detection model by
distributed community voting to ensure the accuracy of the model. Participants in food safety
detection need to pay to the detection expert’ IFOOD analyzes food data using a professional
detection model.
3.The
safety

food
Fig 6.2 Eco circulation model

detection results obtained by the inspector by consuming IFOOD and using the food detection
expert's detection model belong to the inspector. Consumers and testing organizations can
consume IFOOD to purchase the required food safety data from the tester.
4. IFOOD rewards can be obtained by experts’ provision of models and consumers’
sharing of desensitization data.
5.Food vendors, food companies and regulatory agencies can consume IFOOD to
quickly obtain food safety detection information, and build reliable trust relationships for food
companies and consumers based on the block chain technology.

Ⅶ.Ifoods chain digital token distribution

The fund raised by Ifoods chain is all used for platform development. The total number
of IFOOD certificates is 10 billion, and the total volume is constant. IFOOD is currently
based on the standard digital token of the chain of ERC20 in the Ethernet block. In the future,
the public chain Ifoods chain will be developed and the IFOOD based on Ethernet will be
replaced by 1:1.
24

7.1Foundation administration
We have established a foundation in Singapore, and the Ifoods chain platform is
administrated and developed by the foundation.

7.2 Pass-through offer plan
Fund-raising involves 2 billion 500 million IFOOD certificates, accounting for 25% of
the total project, which is effective in promoting the operation and development of the project.
The overall distribution is as follows:

Fig 7.1 Ifoods chain
Token distribution
plan
7.3 Distribution
details
and nodes

Fig 7.2Fundraising Purpose

The total fund-raising involves 2 billion 500 million IFOOD, accounting for 25% of the
total, and can be exchanged for ETH.
All the certificates raised will be deposited in the multi-signed purse to be used by
multiple signatures. The specific use and administration will strictly follow the rules of the
Ifoods Chain Foundation's administration mechanism.
The Ifoods chain core team and the resource parties involved in the platform are 15%
IFOOD certificates, which will be all frozen after the first stage of the collection, the first
release of 4.5% after a year on the platform, and the release of 10.5% in second years. IFOOD
certification will be open to trading on the stock exchange according to compliance
requirements.
25

7.4 Project schedule

26

Fig 7.3

Project schedule 2017.08-2018.05

Fig 7.4

Project schedule 2018.06-2019.03

Fig 7.5Project schedule 2019.05-2020.12

Ⅷ. Ifoods chain team introduction

Ifoods chain core team is consisted of experienced experts who have committed to the
relative industry for many years.

8.1 Core team

Lin RooJee （ U.S. ） , Founder & Director of the
foundation
Ph. D. in food science, University of Georgia, USA;
Served as a senior manager of science & technology, CTO, a member of
M & A.
Adviser to the national food safety & technology center of the United
27

States;
The honorary director of the China Meat Research Institute;
Chairman of the new China food group, China; chairman of the food
company (Beijing) Limited.
Owns a number of patents in food technology, research, production,
detectioning , and technology optimization.
Deeply studied the application of artificial intelligence.

Liu Yuan, CTO
A believer and early preacher of the block chain industry, proficient in
the principle of P2P network, consensus algorithm, asymmetric
encryption, block chain data structure, smart contract and so on, and
have a comprehensive study on representative public chains such as BTC,
ETH, NEO, EOS and so on. Deep application scenes of the public chain,
the alliance chain and the private chain. Carried out the block chain
infrastructure solution design and landing for many industries, multiple
applications, such as Trinity based on NEO, ETH based color system, and
block chain solution for power industry.
11 years of experience in the R & D of Internet infrastructure products,
once served in China Telecom, NOKIA, HUAWEI and so on, several core
exchange products, wireless communication base stations and controller
products, and KVM virtualized cloud computing products have created
the era of 100GE core exchange, mobile Internet era and cloud computing
era. Firmly believe that with the development of block chain industry, we
will enter a new era of revolutionary value transmission.

Feng Lishuang, Chief hardware scientist
Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, doctoral supervisor,
deputy director of micro and nano measurement and control center;
Won the national "863" advanced collective and individual commendation;
Focus on MEMS sensor research;
It has won 1 provincial and ministerial level technological invention
awards, 2 technological progress awards and 18 Chinese invention patents.
More than 100 academic papers have been published in journals and
conferences at home and abroad, including more than 20 in SCI.
Jesus Garia（Spain）, Global strategy officer
The founder of the Spanish GTS investment company;
The founder of the Arroyo chain restaurant & President;
DEIMOS technology company strategic advisor;

28

8.2 Consultant team
Li Yanbo, block chain technological consultant
Block chain technical expert, On-chain co-founder;
NKN founder;
Linux Kernel network layer core code contributor;
At Stanford University, he studied cryptography and worked in
Qualcomm for many years. He specializes in distributed system
architecture design and network protocol implementation;
DNA core R & D and designer of open source block chain platform.

David（Li Yiling）, block chain operation consultant
Trinity founder;
FourierPR co-founder;
China's top encryption economic project PR and consulting company,
Fourier's customers;
List the top one hundred of coinmarketcap and cooperate with FBG.
Founder of base stone technology;
Media website inwecrypto.com, multi asset wallet InWeWallet founder。

Yi Fengping, block chain municipal affair consultant
Trinity co-founder;
The district chain industry expert of government affairs, with rich
government background and senior block chain project channel
development experience; at the end of 2015, entering the Tai Fang fan
community, has been responsible for the expansion of the application
and technology of the block chain in the social and government fields;
once served as the director of government affairs and Tongji of Shanghai
distribution information technology company. Vice Dean of the Research
Institute of thawing science and technology block chain;
To participate in the compilation of the Ministry of industry's block chain
reference framework and government related block chain policies.
Presided over the cooperation and landing of the Guiyang municipal
government's first honest peasant project in China.
Bieito（Spain）, global strategy consultant
President of Spain's largest ABC newspaper group.
Adviser to the Spanish government affairs

29

Chai Weizhong, food safety consultant
Ph.D. in nutrition (after), Professor, college of public health, Peking
University.
Engaged in research and teaching of food hygiene;
The European food safety system, the development report of China's
nutrition industry, public nutrition and social and economic
development, etc., and dozens of professional articles in international
professional conferences and periodicals
ZhongWeike, food detectioning technology consultant
Director and researcher, South detection center, China Academy of
detection and quarantine.
In 2000, he graduated from the eco environment research center of the
Chinese Academy of Sciences. It has been engaged in the detection and
research work of chemical contaminants in food and environmental
samples for a long time; 3 National Natural Science Foundation and 3
projects by the Ministry of science and technology. 5 national standards
and bank standards were formulated, and more than 40 papers were
published in core journals both at home and abroad. Good at dioxin and
pesticide residues analysis in food.

Ⅸ. Cooperative organization

At present, participants in Ifoodschain global food detecting and sharing eco
construction includes:
Food safety block chain laboratory, China Meat Research Institute, China Detection and
Quarantine Institute South detecting center, Photoelectricity Technology Institute of Beijing
University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Chinese People's Public Security University, fufu
brand agricultural business school, VUB-VrijeUniversiteit Brussel (food detecting), Horqin
cattle industry, and Fude food
Investment institutions & partners:
GTS capital (Spain), Horqin cattle industry, Shanghai pin Shang, Trinity, intrinsic capital,
digital torch technology, star chain capital, VNBIG,
Spain ABC newspaper industry, currency world, vernacular block chain, ear finance and
finance, fire coin (Singapore), American society, block chain Chinese network, currency,
30

BCfans.com, Jinniu finance, Kcash, fusion media block chain center.

Ⅹ. Disclaimer

This document is for information purposes only. The above information or analysis does
not constitute an investment decision. This document does not constitute any investment
advice, investment intention or investment in education.
This document does not constitute, nor should it be construed as providing any buying or
selling behavior, or inviting to buy or sell any form of securities, nor is it any form of contract
or commitment;
The Ifoods chain Foundation believes that there are numerous risks in the development,
maintenance and operation of IFOOD and other encrypted currency and block chain systems,
many of which are beyond the foundation's control. In addition to the other contents described
in the white paper, each IFOOD purchaser should carefully read, understand and carefully
consider the following risks.
Investors should clearly understand the risks of IFOOD tokens. Once they participate in
the investment, they understand and accept the risk of the project, and are willing to
personally bear all the corresponding results or consequences;
Ifoods chain team does not assume any direct or indirect loss of assets caused by
participation in the IFOOD project.
The eachbuyer of IFOOD should pay special attention to the fact that IFOOD exists only
in the virtual space of the network, and does not have any tangible existence, so it does not
belong to or involve any particular country.

31

