Indinode White Paper V1.0
Updated on : 21st June 2018
(INDINODE)

Abstract

Indinode (XIND) is a community-focused, privacy-based coin that is driven to
maintain sustainable growth, development, and fair practices within the
masternode coin space. Indinode is a self-funded, self-governed, private, instant,
and secure cryptocurrency. Indinode uses the best practices, features, and ideas
from DASH, PIVX, and Zerocoin.
coinsnow.in is one of the first Altcoin Exchanges in India and Thailand. It offers
an easy to buy Altcoin solution for customers from India and Thailand. Indinode
and Coinsnow will be the future backbone of the new Indi-Exchange (Non-Fiat)
(http://coinsnow.in).

The State Of Cryptocurrency in India

India is a late entrant and adopter of cryptocurrency in the world due to strict
foreign exchange remittance rules and allowable overseas investments policies.
For instance, Government policies have restricted foreign exchange trading;
hence, it has always been difficult for Indians to trade in international financial
instruments. Thus, during the erstwhile bull runs of BTC, which picked up pace
in China, Indians missed the opportunity due to restricted foreign exchange and
remittance rules for transferring funds to overseas Bitcoin exchanges.
Additionally, 2018 saw a chill sent into the Indian cryptocurrency market due to
tightening regulations and ambiguity within policies. This was exampled by April
2018 when the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), the country’s central bank, initiated
a major crackdown on the purchase and trading of cryptocurrencies in India.
From its peak of 15,000 units per day toward the end of 2017, cryptocurrency
trade in India had declined by almost 90% in the first quarter of the year. Since
the majority of market participants in India are crypto buyers, India exchanges
have struggled to provide a liquid order book to their users. Despite of these
shortcomings, India is a mammoth market for cryptocurrency, and with more
telecom and internet penetration, crypto users and adapters in India are growing
at a healthy pace.
Regulators worldwide have struggled to understand the underlying blockchain
technology as well as how to develop an appropriate response to it; India was no
exception. As a result, these misgivings have affected the financial services
community who find it difficult to make up their mind about supporting
cryptocurrencies.

To overcome the stumbling block of the fiat market in India, IndiNode will only
operate in Non-Fiat markets and will create an eco-system where one can earn
crypto coins by holding Indinode Masternodes and use IndiNode on IndiNode
Exchange to buy other crypto coins. This will create a unique point of entrance
into the crypto market for sub-continent investors.

Introduction

Indinode will be released July 2018 and will be the first asset platform coin based
on PIVX/Masternode for the Indian Market.
Indinode is an asset and payment platform which financially rewards individuals
who actively protect and create the Indinode network. Indinode MasterNode
owners operate distributed servers that remain online and perform across the
globe to ensure that Indinode transactions are executed instantly, privately, and
safely for all upcoming Indinode payment services.
Unlike Bitcoin where miners voluntarily support the network as long as their
equipment is performant and profitable, where changes to the code are
complicated, and where risky processes between parties who do not always agree
are present, Indinode is a paid masternode layer, i.e., a derivative from
Dash/Pivx. This means that Indinode can scale more efficiently and deploy
services more quickly than other single layer blockchains.
Furthermore, the Indinode network rewards masternode owners frequently.
Thus, by having an entire incentivized distributed network of servers, each
holding a full copy of the blockchain and working for Indinode 24/7 worldwide,
ensures that the performance of advanced features like PrivatePay and InstaSent
are guaranteed.
Indinode is the market coin of the future; cryptocurrency exchange named Indi
Exchange. Indinode coins will be eligible for staking and earning based on the
exchange revenue, almost like the BNB Token from Binance or the Crypto Bridge
Coin.
The Indi Exchange platform will have an integrated exchange that allows users
to trade in cryptocurrencies and seamless trading pairs will be managed by the
back-end of the exchange. With the main focus being the emerging
cryptocurrency market of India, new tokens and trading pairs will be
continuously added in accordance with the community's preferences.

Indi Exchange will be implemented in jurisdictions where it has the most
favorable environment to operate and where its assets/stakeholders’ interests are
most protected. This will be accomplished by using a clear regulatory framework
and the active implementation of strict law compliance and regulations.
Indinode Masternode’s owner will receive 50% from all profits from exchange
operations and payment will be done in XIND, proportional between MN owners.
Additionally, Masternode owners are Gold Level Customers with fast track
support and other incentives.

Revenue Model
Exchange Fee
Indinode will charge a fixed fee per trade.
Margin Fee
Margin services will have associated costs.
Listing Fee
We will have listing fees in certain cases.
Withdrawal Fee
A withdrawal fee will be charged depending on the Coin or Token.
Indinode Pair
Crypto Coins will be paired against BTC and XIND.

Indinode Specifications

Specification

Description

Ticker

XIND

Algorithm

QUARK

RPC

8697

P2P Port

8696

ASIC Mining

POS

Block Time

60 Seconds

Difficulty Adjustment /
Algorithm

POS

Max Block Size

2 MB

Mined/MintedMaturity

10 Blocks (~10 minutes)

Block Confirmation Times

60 Seconds

InstantX

SwiftTX

Privacy

Zerocoin Protocol

Reward Distribution

Circulating Coins after 14 Months: 1.081.860.000 Coins
Circulating Coins after 26 Months: 1.470.660.000 Coins
Inflation after 4 Years: ca. 3.8%
Premine of X MIL Coins. : 150 MIL, ca, 10% of the circulation after 12 Months
Funds: 2-Months auctioning of MN
Masternode Collateral: 200.000 XIND
Blocks

Distribution

2-86400
(Ramp-up Phase)

100% POS (10 XIND)
Block Reward : 10

86400-518400
(Gold Rush Phase)

90% MN (2250 XIND)
10% POS (250 XIND)
Block Reward : 2500

518401-10306800
(Maturity Phase)

60% MN (450 XIND)
40% POS (300 XIND)
Block Reward : 750

10306801-1555200
(Quality Phase)

60% MN (210 XIND)
40% POS (140 XIND)
Block Reward : 350

1555200-Infinite
(Persistent Phase)

60% MN (90 XIND)
40% POS (60 XIND)
Block Reward : 150

Proof of Stake Reward Distribution

The Proof of Stake consensus mechanism is an energy efficient method of
securing the network that allows coin holders to participate in and get rewarded
for staking their coins.
POS is rewarded for creating the new block. One factor of the algorithm is to
choose the winner based on the weight defined by the coin age and amount. For
our purposes, coin age simply means how long the coin(s) have been held in the
user’s wallet. It is reset to zero after getting the reward.

Masternodes

A masternode is a full node or computer wallet that keeps the full copy of the
blockchain in real-time.
Indinode has implemented the following masternode features in XIND:






Privacy increase through the Zerocoin protocol
Instant transactions using SwiftTX
Governance and voting
Budgeting and treasury
Securing exchange transactions

Indinode masternodes are not standalone. Rather, they are in constant
communication with other Indinode masternodes to create the decentralized
network that Indinode aims to create.
Masternodes are computers that run an Indinode wallet and make decisions such
as locking transactions with SwiftTX, coordinating obfuscation of coins, and
voting on budget funding.
There are many ways to set up a masternode and examples include you choosing
to run your own computer or using a VPS (Virtual Private Server). Naturally,
there are a few requirements to run a masternode:




Masternodes are required to have 200,000 XIND as collateral
VPS Server
Active and connected Node

SUPER FAST

Indinode Blockchain is optimized for fast transactions at a high capacity. The
existing 60 second block time is already very fast, but by using SwiftTX, Indinode
transactions are instant with ZERO confirmation wait time.
SwiftTX transactions are confirmed and spendable within seconds; these funds
are guaranteed by the Indinode network of masternodes. This means that there
is no need to wait for multiple confirmations, as is normally expected, to validate
the transaction.

USABILITY

Indinode aims to be a widely used cryptocurrency in India via partnerships with
online retailers and vendors, thus, revolutionizing trading in the Indian market.
ROADMAP

Future coin development includes establishing IndiExchange, an exchange
service for cryptocurrency, and a decentralized Indi-marketplace integration for
goods and services with ease of use and instant transactions.
PRIVACY

Private and secure, Indinode aims to establish itself as one of the leading
anonymous crypto-currencies available in the market. Zerocoin protocol provides
full privacy to our users.
Our implementation of the Zerocoin protocol converts your publicly available
transaction details into anonymous ones. For example, when a user wishes to
spend funds, they appear as a new coin without a spending history or origin.
SECURE
Indinode is built on Bitcoin Core 0.10.x with some v0.13.2 updates and Dash /
PIVX core v0.12.1 BIP38 Encryption/Decryption of Private Keys.
The integrated platform technology seeks to provide users with:











Multi-Sig Escrow
Multi-Sig of 16 signatures for full escrow functionality
In-wallet user interface for easy management of the Multi-Sig function
Self-Service Markets
Decentralized and secure Bounty Markets
User-created and operated Bounty Services
Auto-escrow release
User-set fee and vendor bond amount
Familiar operations
Encryption to Encryption Messaging






Sure-Spot style messaging
End-to-End encryption
Self-destructing messages
Private group chats

Conclusion and Summary

The Indinode team is one that is dedicated to privacy and security.
Through our implementation of various features, we believe that we have the
solution to a scalable, private, decentralized, secure, and fair cryptocurrency.
In the newest iteration of Indinode XIND, we have taken the best features of
various cryptocurrencies and refined them to reach our goals.
The inclusion of Masternodes has enabled us to increase user privacy, to provide
instant transactions, and increased fairness by allowing governance and voting.
Additionally, the inclusion of Masternodes has created a treasury and budgeting
system for future development.
Sporks now allow us to safely upgrade the system in a controlled manner to
reduce accidental forking and provide a safer environment for masternodes,
users, and holders of XIND.

Roadmap

Q3 2018 Indinode Network Release
Indinode masternode network launched and made available for public listing in
at least 2 exchanges
Q4 2018 Android Wallets Release
Android mobile wallets available for download with a focus on ease of use for first
time cryptocurrency users
Q1/Q2 2019 Indi-Exchange Launch
Establishing IndiExchange, a cryptocurrency exchange focused on the Indian
market
Q3/Q4 2019 Indi-Marketplace Launch
Creation of a decentralized marketplace for goods and services in the Indian
market

Disclaimer

This document is currently considered a draft, and while we make every effort to
ensure that any material herein is accurate and up to date, it may not be
exhaustive. The document contains forward-looking statements and is likely
subject to further changes without notice.
XIND coins are not intended to constitute as securities in any jurisdiction, and
you may not acquire any if it is against any law(s) in the jurisdiction that you are
a subject. This document is not meant for investment advice nor does it imply
any elements of a contractual relationship.
A more thorough disclaimer will be published in a later version of this document,
but if in doubt, please seek professional legal advice.

