Ink Whitepaper

Ink Labs Foundation
Version：2.4，2018/3/29

Ink Whitepaper

What is Ink?
Overview

Ink is a decentralised solution harnessing the combined power of Consortium Blockchain, Public
Blockchain and Cross-chain Interoperability for the global Creative Industry. It consists of

æ

Sovereign Consortium Blockchain for use cases in any region

æ

Infrastructure for decentralised content production

æ

Token issuance, applications and ecosystem based on a globally renowned public
blockchain

æ

Intellectual Property Asset Exchange

æ

Cross-chain Protocol, technical and business solution for industrial implementation

The vision of Ink is to provide Sovereign Consortium Blockchain to different use cases, to redefine
roles, content and behaviours within the industry, and to build for the Creative Industry a
decentralised infrastructure in which various applications can be created and correlate to each
other under one highly integrated system. Based on a credible and stable public blockchain, an
Intellectual Property Asset Exchange is built as a trusted corridor for content-to-liquid-asset
conversion and token issuance, making it an integrated ecosystem. Furthermore, defining and
developing the cross-chain protocol enables value and information to flow freely between public
blockchain and consortium blockchain.

-2-

Ink Whitepaper

Why do we need Ink?

Pressing Issues in the Creative Industry and Urgent Demand for Cross-chain
Protocol
n

The chemistry of "Original Content (IP) + Internet" has led to continual innovation and
advancement in the industry model. The scale of the Creative Industry has been consistently
growing. Along the way, however, it also brings many problems and challenges.

The Creative Industry is an industry with a long history. It is also an industry that is highly vibrant and
innovative, and an industry with endless breakthroughs.

“The world is flat”. Driven by internet technology and ideology, the Creative Industry has undergone
tremendous changes. Traditional industry models were shattered one after another. New digital contents
or digital models, such as internet literature, short video clips, live streaming and paid knowledge emerged
continuously. In this new era of internet technology, every person can be a content producer, discoverer,
disseminator and consumer.

Along with these breakthroughs and innovations, the market of the Creative Industry has grown
tremendously. The values of quality IPs are utilised and amplified to a much greater extent. From one
quality IP, it is possible to construct an enormous, composite and diversified economic system comprising
movies, copyright sales, advertisements, games and other derivatives. The total market potential can be
several billion dollars.

The Creative Industry is undoubtedly a gigantic and promising global market that will maintain its strong
growth as society and technology continue advancing.

However, the rapid advancement of IP also brings inevitable challenges to the field. Due to outdated basic
infrastructure, severe information asymmetry and centralized governance doctrine, the Creative Industry
has been confronting many problems,

æ

Unclear Ownership Due to unclear ownership, many quality IP and content are not able to
incubate effectively. Disputes are frequent.

æ

Inadequate Data Authenticity Such inadequacy often leads to unfair distribution of proceeds,
which greatly frustrates the motivation and creativity of quality content creators.

æ

Centralised Governance of Publishing, Distribution and Platform Management
-3-

Ink Whitepaper
Centralised governance results in various problems, such as inferior contents being marketed
as premium products, unfair allocation of resources, hostile environment for young creators,
and quality content and IP being neglected.
æ

Immense Difficulty to Convert Original Contents to Liquid Assets Majority of the creators
need a faster and more direct channel to convert their work into cash or cash equivalent.

æ

Inadequacy in Ecosystem and Infrastructure in the Industry Due to this problem, there
has been inadequate exploitation, creation and liquidity of value in the Creative Industry.
Except for a small fraction of top-notched IPs, many quality content in the upper intermediate
category are only utilized once and the utilization tends to be very elementary. As such, their
potentials are not fully tapped into.

The above problems often manifest into two major complaints: unfair distribution of proceeds and irrational
operation of the system.

Ink seeks to solve these problems. Through our development of the blockchain-based content generation,
discovery, circulation, consumption, investment, commercialization system and related ecosystem, we
can effectively tap into the various advantages of the blockchain technology. Our platform will ensure
fairer distribution of proceeds and more rational operation of the industry. Ultimately, we will provide a
new, comprehensive and capacious ecosystem for all original contents.

n

The booming of the blockchain sector has created both prosperity and many isolated islands
of value and data. Cross-chain integration has become an obvious and imminent challenge
that we need to take head on.

In the age of the world wide web, there is only one thin layer of protocols through which people make
compromises and reach limited agreements. Tremendous amount of applications, on the other hand, can
actually be built to tackle most common issues in our society. We have witnessed unified solutions for
general needs, such as those from Microsoft, Amazon, Uber and Google. These giants, however, has
also created overwhelming monopoly in the web and even somewhat invasive ideal for all to subscribe.

-4-

Ink Whitepaper

In the age of the blockchain, every person is able to devise a unique protocol and shoot for the stars. This
reflects a world of individualism and diversity. Blockchain has made co-existence of different values a
reality. In the early stage of blockchain, major development work on blockchain technology is on the
architecture layer. A protocol bridging different blockchains is of great value. Only when cross-chain
protocol between major blockchain networks is established, super applications can be developed. This
marks the dawn of blockchain, and cross-chain protocol will be the beginning of this evolution.

In the roadmap of Ink, the flow of value and information in crosschain is an indispensable feature. On the
other hand, Team Ink also seeks to provide our own solution on crosschain as well as structures that can
integrate with enterprise solutions. We see this as our contribution and deep appreciation to the blockchain
community. It also paves the path for more business opportunities in the future.

-5-

Ink Whitepaper

How does Ink solve problems?

PART A- A trusted consortium blockchain solution for regional use cases and
the infrastructure for a decentralised Creative Industry

n

A trusted consortium blockchain solution for regional use cases

n

Technical selection of Ink: public blockchain vs. Sovereign Consortium Blockchain

In recent years, blockchain technology has attracted exponentially growing attention in the field. This trend
is owing both to the increasingly powerful decentralised general computing capability of the public
blockchain, and to the introduction and application of the technology by the professionals in the circle of
traditional mainstream technology.

Cryptocurrency, spearheaded by Bitcoin, provided the experimental prototype for the principle of the
blockchain technology. Smart contract platform, spearheaded by Ethereum, extends the application of
blockchain. Permissioned consortium blockchain, spearheaded by Hyperledger Fabric, opened up a
completely new arena for the application of blockchain in enterprise. The blockchain is no longer a mere
toy for the geeks. It can integrate with mainstream technology system and make its way into enterprise
applications. Hyperledger Fabric, for example, realized the identity management mechanism needed
under enterprise scenarios. It also substantially integrates the current technological advancement in the
fields of distributed computing and security, and provides a series of service and security enhancement
for the distributed ledger platform.

Projects on application of blockchain often face the problem of choosing the platform technology.
Leveraging a public chain is relatively simple. By encouraging the participants to maintain the blockchain
through incentive mechanism, it is endowed with a conducive ecosystem. However, it often suffers from
poor performance and lack of permission control, and the information is completely visible to the public.
The permissioned consortium blockchain is more applied in the context of business consortium, assuming
that there are certain trust premise and interest constraints among the participating parties. The
permissioned consortium blockchain tends to compromise on the design of decentralization and
accessibility, in exchange for improvement of performance and safety.

The legacy rules of the global Creative Industry are complicated. A collection of social and technical
factors must be considered, including law, culture, region, industry, extensibility, security and stability. To
establish a cross-region blockchain, Ink must make sure all the criteria below are met:
n

Regional differences in law, regulation, and culture
-6-

Ink Whitepaper
n

Special requirements for industry and business scenarios

n

Optimised governance mechanism of multi-centre collaboration

n

Performance requirements for throughput, latency and others

n

Accessibility

n

Security and privacy

n

System adjustment and failure recovery

After going through these complex factors, we found that the existing single-type blockchain platform
cannot meet the above requirements simultaneously. The question for us is no longer “selecting an
appropriate public or consortium blockchain solution”, but “designing a completely new set of technical
solution in light of the stringent requirements to support the business scenario”.

Ink has put forward the concept of “trusted Sovereign Consortium Blockchain for regional use cases”,
which is essentially a consortium blockchain that operates within a specific sovereignty. The structure
makes it easier to deal with problems originating from different legal frameworks and different regulatory
policies. At the same time, Ink focuses on the Creative Industry. The content has a strong cultural attribute.
Due to difference in race, history and geographical locations, different parts of the world have markedly
different and cultures. Therefore, a consortium blockchain for a specific area and culture will enjoy native
and inherent convenience when providing industrial services.

Despite its native advantages, the “trusted Sovereign Consortium Blockchain for regional use cases “is
not a local, simple and isolated solution design. It is part of the Ink solution that is comprehensive,
systematic and well-conceived. It integrates with the “Qtum-based Intellectual Property Asset Exchange,
and its corresponding token and ecosystem “and “Ink Cross-chain Protocol” to form a complete solution.
The last two will be covered in the later sections of this paper.

n

Major technical breakthroughs in achieving the Sovereign Consortium Blockchain of Ink

Ink's Sovereign Consortium Blockchain is a collection of high-performance permissioned blockchain
solutions. Its underlying technical framework follows the standards of the Hyperledger project. Aiming at
generic application scenarios in a specific geographical region (such as the Creative industry in China), it
comes with a series of customisation and enhancement.

The Ink consortium blockchain also uses the digital certificate mechanism recommended by the industry
to realise identification and permission control. The CA node implements the PKI service. It can issue
identity certificate in advance, send it to the corresponding entities. At the same time, the Ink consortium
blockchain can control different entities’ access level of data and resources through fine-grained policy.
This solves the question, "when can someone take a particular action under a particular condition".

-7-

Ink Whitepaper

n

Ink Account

Ink consortium blockchain has designed and implemented an account system that can cater to a large
number of anonymous users (from public blockchain users, or from consumers who are covered by the
Sovereign Consortium Blockchain) to manage digital assets and interact directly with the consortium
blockchain. This account system is called Ink Account.

Users can generate their own key pairs, through which they can acquire their individual Ink Account and
the corresponding address. The same account can hold multiple token assets or initiate transactions
(either sending tokens or invoking the chaincode, aka smart contract in Fabric) in the name of the account
under a given permission. The settings for the account are pluggable, and different Sovereign Consortium
Blockchains can choose whether to enable the Ink Account as well as which account algorithm (in
accordance with bitcoins and Qtum, or in accordance with Ethereum) to use. In addition, Ink consortium
blockchain has developed asset system chaincode (ASCC) to manage the token assets on the chain.

The chaincode invocation request initiated in the name of INK Account requires it to meet the specified
rules of signature combination (depending on the degree of openness of the consortium blockchain, it can
be batch authorisation or shared authorisation), and the requester should use the Ink Account key to sign
the invocation contents, including Channel, ChaincodeSpec, transaction counter (for anti-replay attack),
etc. The signature will be verified by peers.

n

Transfer set

Ink Account seeks to make up for the lack of token and transferring capability in Fabric. A question often
raised is “why don’t we directly develop account and token mechanism based on chaincode?” The key to
the question is largely related to the limitations of chaincode. In addition to the imperfection of current
cross-chaincode invocation support, another problem that needs to be highlighted is the verification
mechanism based on read-write set and multi-version concurrency control (MVCC). Specifically, the basic
capabilities provided by the chaincode in Fabric are to read and write the world state. The endorser nodes
simulate the execution of the transaction and returns the read-write set as the result. After the recent
transactions are ordered by order nodes, the committer nodes need to verify the transaction batch based
on MVCC. If a transaction performs a write operation in the verification process, the current version of all
states in the read set must be consistent with the version when executing the endorsement. Otherwise,
the transaction will be marked as illegal. This is a concession to consistency. A typical consequence is
that for a basic operation of token transfer, one account can be operated only once by the transactions in
one block.

-8-

Ink Whitepaper
To tackle the above problems, the Ink Consortium Blockchain has designed and implemented another
type of state operation mode for the Ink Account and token assets besides the read-write set. The mode
is called transfer set, and it is used to record the transfer operations between accounts. Transfer
operations only cause the increase or decrease of the corresponding account values, thus the validation
of transfer set is not as strict as that of read-write set. Based on the transfer set, the Ink Consortium
Blockchain supports multiple transfer-in or transfer-out transactions of the same account in the same
batch of transactions. For chaincode development, a number of interfaces have been added to
ChaincodeStubInterface, allowing developers to use these capabilities flexibly.

n

SDK and Blockchain-as-a-Service Platform

The Ink Sovereign Consortium Blockchain will provide gPRC API to applications, and SDK that
encapsulates API for use by the applications. Through SDK, applications can access a wide array of
resources in the Ink Sovereign Consortium Blockchain network, such as accounts, transactions, ledgers,
smart contracts, events (generated by smart contracts and block commitments), etc. The SDK will also
provide functions related to the Creative Industry, including IP registration, verification, etc. SDK will
include both NodeJs and Python versions in the early stage.

For developers and testers of blockchain community applications, to build a distributed ledger solution is
not an easy task. It requires both hardware infrastructure and a full range of development and operation
management. Ink Sovereign Consortium Blockchain will release a fully open Blockchain-as-a-Service
(BaaS) platform, which will provide one-stop functions including the establishment of test network,
visualization of distributed ledger content, smart contract development and testing, network monitoring
and analysis, etc. The blockchain simulation environment provided by the BaaS platform will be very close
to real-world application scenarios so that developers can easily migrate their fully-tested business models
to the main chain.

In addition, the Ink Sovereign Consortium Blockchain inherits all the superior features of Hyperledger
Fabric, and it carries a series of innovative designs, such as incentive mechanisms, off-chain content
storage improvement, as well as cross-chain interoperability, which will be elaborated in the following
section. In short, it is a complete, robust and well-designed permissioned consortium blockchain solution.

n

Infrastructure for Decentralised Creative Industry

“Infrastructure for decentralised content production “is a set of industry blockchain infrastructure built on
the Ink Consortium Blockchain. It provides a range of specific capabilities for content production, enabling
people to build various powerful and decentralised applications based on this infrastructure.

-9-

Ink Whitepaper
n

Basis for Changes
Due to the structure of blockchain, smart contract and their related unique ecosystem,
decentralised applications set up on such basis can tap into smart contact, thereby acquiring
the capability to define rules and subsequently changing the ways that proceeds is
being distributed.
n

The Changes
n

Redefine roles. Decentralised model redefines roles in the Creative Industry. Many
redundant intermediate roles will cease to exist or be significantly weakened. Only two
prominent roles remain in the industry, the creator and the end user. The proceeds are
also redistributed rationally between these new roles.

n

Redefine contents. Through smart economic model and rules, free contents will be
largely eliminated. All content behaviours will be redefined as economic behaviours.
Consumption of contents will be done through either payment or recipient of fees—
even a minimal fee. Free contents are therefore eliminated. This will also eliminate
spam contents from the ecosystem.

n

Redefine behaviours. All user actions including likes, comments, reposts and other
behaviours will cast effects on the content in two aspects. From the perspective of
content, it will either enhance or weaken the dissemination of content, thus creating a
new, decentralised content dissemination and distribution mechanism. From the
perspective of users, behaviours will have effects on themselves. It will either increase
or decrease the user’s score of connoisseurship. Endorsement node in the consensus
system plays an important role in this process. Behind those behaviours are
corresponding economic mechanism. For example, positive contributions will be
rewarded while negative or meaningless interaction will result in a certain cost.

n

Basic features and services
n

Content Ownership Verification. Based on tamperproof and timestamp features of
blockchain, it can provide services on ownership statement and right protection.

n

Optional Real-name Identity. Provide basic services of real-name system (including
identity authentication, confirmation services, etc.). For different content applications or
scenarios, users can choose between real name and pseudo name. However, not
choosing this option will result in different levels of authority or restriction.

n

Consensus-based content review and filtering mechanism. Content auditing and
filtering exists primarily in the endorsement process of the consensus protocol,
providing a semi-open capability that allows the endorsement node to deploy rules and
strategies of specific content auditing and filtering in a controlled and auditable manner.

n

Anti-spam mechanism. Through the redefinition of content, free contents are
- 10 -

Ink Whitepaper
eliminated. All interactions with the contents are economic behaviours. This will
naturally eliminate piracy, plagiarism and any spam involving pornography, gambling,
violence and drug abuse.
n Vision
Based on changes made to established rules and provisions that enable technology. We
anticipate to see a Creative Industry where,
In a decentralised ecosystem, "discovery" and "dissemination" of contents are done
mainly by users and rules based on credible smart contracts. As the system is driven by
transparent and redesigned proceeds distribution mechanism, it will operate in a rational
manner.
All intermediate processes will be replaced by a large number of automated smart
contracts, and efficiency will be drastically improved. Redundant interference and loss
of value, on the other hand, will be eliminated.
Artists and creators can henceforth focus on creating contents, and strive for selffulfilment and self-expression. The value of the creation will be returned to the creator in a
reasonable way.

- 11 -

Ink Whitepaper

How does Ink solve the problems?

PART B – Qtum-based Intellectual Property (IP) Asset Exchange and
Corresponding Tokens and Ecosystem
n

Intellectual Property (IP) Asset Exchange

Qtum-based Intellectual Property Exchange is an important industry-level public blockchain application.
It mainly includes the following parts, which jointly support the business system of liquidity and exchange
of intellectual property:

talent scout system
original
content
industry

Film and television
organization

talent scout team

Intelligent talent
scout service

Commercialization
team

high-quality content
monitoring and exploitation

Intellectual property
exchange
Smart contract
based proceeds

Publishing
organization

Developers of
related products

……
sovereign consortium
blockchain

n

trusted public blockchain (QTUM)

originator

investor

Original content platform

Original content
consumer / fans fo the content

Talent scout system. Its core value is to efficiently explore high-potential original content through
technical means and experts. The system consists of two parts, talent scout team and intelligent
talent scout service. The former utilises the experience of industry experts, and the latter takes
advantage of technology and big data. The scout team and the scout service will coordinate with
each other.

n

Intellectual Property Asset Exchange. It realises securitized transaction of intellectual property
through the use of tokens;

n

Commercialisation and Proceeds System. It includes the commercialisation team in the Ink
business system and proceeds mechanism based on smart contracts. The commercialisation team
have two functions. First, to supervise all the incubations and transactions of intellectual properties
on the Intellectual Property Asset Exchange. This serves to protect the ecosystem and the interest
of the investors. Second, to promote, explore and provide service to the commercialisation of
intellectual property. Proceeds mechanism is realised based on smart contracts. These smart
contracts have been designed and completed during the phase of intellectual property tokenisation.
- 12 -

Ink Whitepaper
n

Other relevant participants, including content platforms, artists and creators, investors,
consumers/fans, film studios, TV stations, publishing houses, and manufacturers on the blockchain
and off the blockchain.

n

Core Value of Intellectual Property Asset Exchange

n

To realize securitized transactions of intellectual properties

n

To become a key Qtum-based virtual space and linkage that connects various Sovereign
Consortium Blockchains, as well as their applications, original content, and upstream and
downstream industry.

n

By connecting with the Sovereign Consortium Blockchain and its applications, the platform is able
to integrate investment of reading or other similar content consumption scenarios. It can therefore
connect quality IP with a broad, highly relevant and highly professional investor group.

n

With blockchain technology and smart contracts, the platform will be able to realise mass-scale
cutting of ownership, transfer process tracing and proceeds management. Investment in intellectual
property can therefore be done in small amount, and be accessible and affordable to common
people.

The advantages are as follows: the content can be converted to liquid asset and the content creator
can receive the proceeds at an earlier stage. With broad investment from the public, high-quality
content can stand out more easily. Moreover, funds and digital assets will be better integrated. It is
more conducive for long-term and diversified commercialisation.

n

Working Mechanism of the IP Asset Exchange

- 13 -

originator × assets exchange platform

Ink Whitepaper

original
content

apply for
logging on

review
committee

approved

tokenization
service team

disapproved

notes to original content
notes of token plan and issuing
open transaction rules
incubation, assets transaction and reward mechanism
smart contract generation

rejected

smart contract of originator
proceeds and content
incubation deposit

successful

token issuing

successful

Marketization
in
cultural assets exchange
platform

smart contract
of open
transaction

smart contract

failed

rewards earned

deposit entered
into the ledger

failed smart
contract

consume
trade
premium

return to

originator

content
incubation
deposit

investor

smart contract
of content
incubation
transaction

smart contract
of content
incubation
profit-sharing

proceeds

incubation transaction

The graph above illustrates the core working mechanism and the flow of the Intellectual Property Asset
Exchange. It includes the following processes:
n

Application for original content to be launched on the exchange.

n

A weakly centralized review will be conducted on the launch. The work will be carried
out by the “Review Committee”. The current plan is to select the committee members
from Ink’s management team as well as from members of Talent Scouts and investors.

n

Preparation for intellectual property tokenisation will be accomplished through the
collaboration between the “Tokenisation Service Team” and the content creator. Service
Team comprises two groups of people. One group are the permanent staffs of the
platform. The other group are volunteers from the Ink community and investors.

n

n

Intellectual property tokens to be issued.

n

Transaction through Intellectual Property Asset Exchange.

n

Intellectual property incubation transaction and proceeds distribution.

Token and Ecosystem

Ink will issue INK token based on Qtum. INK is defined as a utility token. As an essential economic medium,
INK will be used under many scenarios, such as all economic behaviours in the Creative Industry, key
- 14 -

Ink Whitepaper
applications and services in the Ink ecosystem including IP registration & verification, IP Assets Exchange,
etc. The total number of INK is one billion.

n

n

Other Considerations and Possibilities for Business Operation

Global IP Ecosystem

Ink employs Sovereign Consortium Blockchain for specific culture circle as its carrier of industry
applications. It provides services to the Creative Industry in China, Korea, Thailand and other
countries, and it offers multiple Sovereign Consortium Blockchains. At the same time, Ink is an open
system. In the US, Europe and other regions, Ink endeavours to collaborate with other blockchain
solution providers in the Creative Industry to establish a “Global IP Ecosystem”.

n

More Possibilities for Intellectual Property Asset Exchange

Ink has many more considerations on the business operation of the Intellectual Property Asset
Exchange. First, the design of Ink will feature “primary and secondary sections”. When an original content
is launched on the platform for the first time, it will be evaluated based on various factors such as quality,
commercial value and audience size to decide which section it will land. Second, we consider designing
a "promote/demote board" and an "exit mechanism". According to the performance of transactions and
market feedbacks, a specific IP can be promoted or demoted to the other section or exit the board
according to a set of rules. In addition, considering the different legislation and compliance of different
regions and relevance to the traditional financial system, London, Tokyo or Seoul would be more viable
choices for the location of the exchange.

- 15 -

Ink Whitepaper

How does Ink solve the problems?

Part C –Ink cross-chain protocol

Ink cross-chain protocol is one of Ink’s major contributions to the blockchain world. It plays an important
role in the current plan of Ink.

For consortium blockchain distributed under various sovereignty frameworks, the capability of cross-chain
interaction is key to realise the Internet of Value. The public blockchain (Qtum), sitting at the very heart of
the Ink ecosystem, becomes a natural bridge for transfer of value and information.

In the early days, side-chain solutions such as two-way peg had contributed to extending the scalability
of bitcoin. Later, smart contract platforms such as Ethereum provided more possibilities to cross-chain
interaction scenarios and protocols. Some delicate projects like BTC Relay enabled Ethereum DApp
developers to verify the bitcoin network activities via smart contract. Other projects aimed to realise the
“Internet of Blockchains”. For instance, Cosmos and Polkadot are seeking to realise cross-chain value
transfer or global consensus through hub or relay mechanism. Till date, most efforts made in cross-chain
interoperability either remain in the early stage or are restricted to the domain of public blockchain. The
latter is due to the immature development of consortium blockchain as there has been a lack of conducive
environment for exploration and testing.

As Ink Sovereign Consortium Blockchain prospectively extend Fabric to support multi-asset account and
token, the problems mentioned above will be solved. We devote to realise the interoperability of Ink
Sovereign Consortium Blockchain and Qtum as it is a key process for the Ink ecosystem to thrive.

The realisation of interoperability will benefit from the following two aspects. First, as highly versatile
general smart contract platforms, both the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) supported by Qtum and the
chaincode supported by Ink Consortium Blockchain have flexible and powerful capability of expression.
Second, Ink consortium blockchain itself provides and also relies on the identity management and access
control mechanisms. Therefore, cross-chain operations can rely on multiple trustworthy endorsers just as
the transactions do, without extra premise on the trust of the consortium system.

On the side of the consortium blockchain, the whole consensus process is decoupled into transaction
endorsement, ordering and validation. The operation is performed by different network nodes. Further,
we introduce cross-chain relay endorsement. The network nodes in charge of cross-chain relay need to
independently query and verify the cross-chain operation event on Qtum as well as the corresponding
state value (and ensure fair finality). They are also responsible to sign the legal cross-chain operation
- 16 -

Ink Whitepaper
proposals of the consortium blockchain side. Just as the transaction endorsement policy set for
instantiated chaincode, relay endorsement policy is also needed for cross-chain operations. Specifically,
SignaturePolicy structure can be applied to specify the valid relay endorsements, forming any complicated
signature combination. For instance, “OR (‘Org1.member’, AND (‘Org2.member’, ‘Org3.member’)”
indicates that the condition of the policy can be met with the signature of an Org1 member or with the
signatures of both Org2 and Org3 members.

On the Qtum side, the consortium blockchain in need of cross-chain interoperability will be registered via
smart contract. Basic information and the current relay endorsement policy are recorded, and the
triggering of the contract terms also needs to satisfy the specified signature combination.

n

Use cases

We first show the most direct use case. For a number of IP asset token issued based on Ink-standard on
Qtum, a token holder can transfer part of the tokens safely to a certain Ink Sovereign Consortium
Blockchain through cross-chain protocol, in order to receive specific IP services in the Sovereign
Consortium Blockchain. The part of tokens on the consortium blockchain can circulate freely by means of
direct transfer or triggering smart contracts. Users can transfer the tokens back to Qtum securely when
needed.

There are more possible use cases of Ink cross-chain protocol, by any stretch of the imagination. It
includes, but is not limited to, cross-chain oracle and contract interoperability. The cross-chain protocols
will be abstracted by the SDK and BaaS service of Ink Sovereign Consortium Blockchain. Developers can
therefore enjoy the advantages of cross-chain operations without diving into the underlying details. Ink
will continue to develop advanced cross-chain solutions with less premise on trust, and keep exploring
cooperation with other major cross-chain projects.

- 17 -

Ink Whitepaper

Economic Model

Community Application Support, Content Ecosystem Incentive, Token
Retrieving Mechanism
Ink will issue INK tokens based on the QRC-20 standard of Qtum Blockchain. INK is defined as a utility
token. As an essential economic medium, INK will be used under many scenarios, such as all economic
behaviours in the Creative Industry, key applications and services in Ink ecosystem including IP
registration & verification, IP Asset Exchange, etc. The total number of INK is one billion. They will be
distributed as follows,

Token Distribution Scheme

Content Ecosystem
Incentives
15%
Community
Construction
15%

Token Issue
50%

Founding Team and
Early
Contributors
20%

n

500 million (50%) for issuing tokens. The income will be used to support further
development of Ink, including technology development, market expansion, legal advice,
IP investment, etc.

n

200 million (20%) for founding team and early contributors who provided resources and
technological support to Ink at very early stage.

n

150 million (15%) for content ecosystem incentive.

n

150 million (15%) for community constructions, including branding, application support,
ecosystem construction, etc.

n

Community Application Support
- 18 -

Ink Whitepaper
A large proportion of the funds raised from issuing tokens will be used to support and incubate
decentralised content applications and platforms so as to provide diversified content and use cases
to artists and end users. Once the construction of the fundamental facilities is complete, the Ink team
will also take part in the development of the applications. It is an important economic policy to give
support to community application in the form of funds and capability. Such policy will lead to real
prosperity of the system.

n

Content Ecosystem Incentive Mechanism
This is another important economic approach. The system will incentivize positive contributions to
the ecosystem by awarding tokens. These contributions include content production, commenting,
reposting, exchange of flow, etc.

n

Token Retrieving Mechanism
Under the content consumption scenario, in the future, IPs will mostly issue their own IP tokens
based on INK. Upon successful issuance, the system will keep only a small portion as commission
and thereafter destroy the tokens gained from the proceeds. This is equivalent of Ink charging a fee
for using the system and then return the benefit to INK holders.

- 19 -

Ink Whitepaper

Management

Management structure and risk control
æ

Management structure

As a decentralised international ecosystem and community, Ink will establish a non-profit organisation,
INK LABS FOUNDATION LTD, on Singapore. The organisation will govern the technology development
and operation of the Ink project, as well as manage and safeguard the digital assets collected for the
Beneficiaries, the token holders. INK LABS FOUNDATION LTD has the following management structure:

One ‘Enforcer’ is responsible for ensuring that the council acts in accordance with the foundation’s objects
and rules.

One ‘Foundation Council’ – The Council is the body responsible for the day-to-day administration of the
foundation in accordance with the foundation’s objects and rules.

Four ‘Working Groups’ under the four Foundation Council members for each department of INK LABS
FOUNDATION’s operation.

1.

Technical Steering Group, led by Chief Scientist of the foundation, overseeing the technology
development and managing developers’ community.

2.

Investment Group, led by a council member, responsible for the sustainability and longevity of
Ink projects by making investments, mainly in the works of artists and creators.

3.

Risk-control Group, led by a council member who ensures the foundation is legally and financially
sound.

4.

Operation Group, led by a council member who manages the secretary office and the marketing
unit for promoting Ink’s philosophy.

- 20 -

Ink Whitepaper

æ

Risk Control
n

Transaction security

Through Consensus protocol, tamperproof, digital signature, encrypted wallets and other
safety measures, Ink ensures the safety of end users’ accounts and funds. IP Asset Exchange
provides the highest level of asset safeguarding technology in the financial industry. Data,
application and trading are integrated into Blockchain Cloud, forming a safe network
environment.

n

Auditing

æ

Ink Council maintains the highest standard of accountability and business ethic.

æ

Compliance with laws and regulations in its jurisdiction.

æ

Providing transparent financial management;

æ

Ink Council will invite a world-renowned audit house to review and evaluate INK
LABS FOUNDATION’s financial information.

æ

Ink Council will invite a world-renowned third-party organisation to audit and
evaluate codes.

æ

Ink will release the result of these audit and evaluation reports with no reservation.

Team Ink

- 21 -

Ink Whitepaper

Walter is the CEO, President and Managing Partner of Forbesfone (the biggest
Walter Komarek

telecom company in Malta). He is also the CEO of Angel Investment. Walter is a

Co-founder

well-versed figure in the European telecom market. He is a master in business

EU Continent

strategy and business development. He graduated from the University of Salzburg
and fluent in German, English and Russian.
Yuu is an employee in Recruit. He is an active promoter of blockchain

Tsukikawa Yuu
Co-founder
Japan

development in Japan. As an early investor of Bitcoin, he maintains long-term
cooperation with the largest cryptocurrency trading platform ZAIF in Japan and
provides consultancy service. He received double degrees in law from Waseda
University and international relations from Peking University He previously worked
for HNTV as a TV show host of “Up and up, Young Man!” and “Day Day Up”.
She is a blockchain industry enthusiast, an early adopter of cryptocurrency, and a
cross-cultural communication ambassador.
She studied at Peking University and received Bachelor's and Master's degrees

Choi June

in Chinese Language and Literature.

Co-founder

With strong communication skills and outstanding contributions to cross-cultural

Korean

communication and numerous international activities, she received the Incheon
Mayor of Korea Award. She has planned various global projects and engaged in
online and offline marketing. She is familiar with related business such as online
and offline marketing promotion and business cooperation.

Paul Sokolov
Core Developer
Russia

Paul is an experienced product manager who spearheaded Changelley, one of
the biggest integrated crypto exchanges in the world with millions of users. He
leads Guarda, a multi-currency crypto exchange mobile wallet. He also developed
Chainthis.com, a Blockchain solution for memo and oracle machine.

Alexandr

Alex is an experienced backend developer. He specializes in building web wallets

Dorozhkin

and Block Explorer for Blockchain projects. He also developed RPC protocols of

Core Developer

multiple currencies while working on various exchange API and markets data.

Russia
Roman Lapin
Core Developer

Roman is a young and highly creative coder. He runs a mining pool for over a
million active miners.

Russia
Alexey Kalina
Core Developer
Russia

Alexey is a full stack developer.
He has built SPV cryptocurrency library for several coins. He is an expert in
developing smart contract on Ethereum. He also developed API and provided data
analysis service for more than 50 crypto exchanges.

- 22 -

Ink Whitepaper

æ

Investors and Supporters

Sergei is the Managing Partner of ICOSHARK Hedge Fund. He is also the
Sergei Chmel

Founder of Le Genepi Cosmetics, Investment Consultant of Private Equity
Fund, and Co-founder and CEO of Virtown.ru.

Alex Kotenko

Alex is the CTO of BlockEx. He is also the Founder of the bitcoin payment
system, XBTerminal Ltd.
Bruce is the Director of Boston Multi Family Office, Head of strategy of

Bruce Elliot

Cube Limited and Head of Marketing and Business Development of
Microgaming Systems, Ltd.
Cameron is a Serial Entrepreneur, and the Co-founder and CEO of

Cameron Chell

Business Instincts Group. He is also the Co-founder of Slyce, Draganfly
Innovations, Raptor Rig, ColdBore Technologies, UrtheCast, ASP
Industry Consortium, Engyro and FutureLink.
Stefano is the Chief Investment Officer of SCAL and the Chief
Technology Officer of Brilliant Already Ltd. His work experience include

Stefano Schiavi

Web & Software developer of Dev Bootcamp, Options Trader of Violet
Jade Holdings. He studied law in the University of Bologna, and he is
proficient in Algorithms (design and analysis).

æ

Legal Team

Adam is an associate in DQ Advocates, the most experienced law form in
Blockchain and cryptocurrency space.
Adam Kilip

Adam's practice encompasses a

broad range of corporate, commercial and regulatory work including
corporate acquisitions and sales, banking and finance transactions,
shareholder disputes and insolvency matters.

Aki Corsoni-Husain

Managing Partner of Harneys Law, Cyprus

Ink Roadmap
- 23 -

Ink Whitepaper
April, 2016

Ziggurat tech, member of Ink council, received seed-round investment.

October, 2016

Ziggurat IP Asset Management platform (ziggurat.cn) based on blockchain was
launched.

December, 2016

The number of original works registered on Ziggurat.cn surpassed 6000. More than 10
partnerships were formed with Ziggurat.

March, 2017

Founding team of Ink established the core mission and roadmap.

April, 2017

Founding team of Ink received million-dollar angel investment, and the project entered a
new phase.

May, 2017

Founding team of Ink were invited to the Big Data Expo and signed Strategic Partnership
with Guiyang Government in China.

June, 2017

The official Ink team was established, with experts in blockchain, IP incubation,
management and operation.

July, 2017

Team Ink received multimillion-dollar Pre-A round financing.

September, 2017

Ink Sovereign Consortium Blockchain entered testing phase.

October, 2017

Whitepaper of Ink to be officially released

November, 2017

Ink to complete international roadshow.

December, 2017

Ink Sovereign Consortium Blockchain is officially online.

January, 2018

Release INK blockchain explorer.

February, 2018

Release official INK wallet.

March, 2018

Beta launch of IP Asset Exchange.

April, 2018

Ink cross-chain protocol closed test

- 24 -

Ink Whitepaper

April, 2018

INKubator crowd-funding platform (beta version) went online

May, 2018

INKubator exchange platform (beta version) went online

May, 2018

INKchain sovereignty alliance chain reached Tendermint agreement

May, 2018

INKchain Explorer (beta version) went online

May, 2018

Ink Blockchain developer service BaaS platform—INKstone beta 2.0 went online

June, 2018

INKchain decentration DApp—INKwork beta went online

June, 2018

INKDAppstore went online

July, 2018

INKubator crowd-funding platform completed its first IP crowd-funding

Aug, 2018

INKubator Exchange platform opened IPToken transactions officially

In the future

In the future we will constantly develop new applications to build Blockchain 3.0 ecology

Epilogue

Ink Protocol is defined as a Ledger where artists register works and generate businesses, an
Exchange where arts can be incubated and thrive, and an Ecosystem that advocates original content.
Abstract thinking ignites evolution in mankind. Ink aspires to serve the creators’ best interest and
guard their intellectual properties.
The finishing line marks a brand-new start!

- 25 -

Ink Whitepaper

To learn more, please visit the following:
æ

Official Website: https://ink.one

æ

E-mail: inklabsfoundation@yahoo.com

æ

Ink community:
Telegram (Global):https://t.me/joinchat/GHiS0A7C841w1NbTNwIYIQ
Telegram (Korea): https://t.me/joinchat/Ft0uOA6DN6fYzuM5pQ_oOg
Kakaotalk (Ink Korea)：https://open.kakao.com/o/gyyhHpB
Line (Ink Japan)：

æ

Read more

Twitter：https://twitter.com/inklabsfound
Facebook：https://www.facebook.com/inklabs.found.9
LinkedIn：https://www.linkedin.com/company/27001961/
Medium：https://medium.com/@inklabsfoundation/
Bitcoin Talk: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2328717.0
Reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/InkLabsFoundation/

æ

Wechat Official Account：InkLabsFoundation

æ

For more information and the updating of the whitepaper on Ink. Please follow us!

- 26 -

