INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
PLEASE REVIEW CAREFULLY THE PRESENT SECTION “DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY”. IF YOU HAVE ANY
DOUBTS AS TO WHAT ACTIONS YOU SHOULD TAKE, WE RECOMMEND THAT YOU CONSULT WITH
YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S). No part of this Whitepaper is to
be reproduced, distributed or disseminated without including this section “Disclaimer of Liability”.
The sole purpose of this Whitepaper is to present Innovative Bioresearch and INNBC tokens to potential token
holders in connection with the proposed Token sale. The information is provided for INFORMATION
PURPOSES only. It may not be exhaustive and doesn’t imply any elements of a contractual relationship or
obligations. Despite the fact that we make every effort to ensure the accuracy, up to date and relevance of any
material in this Whitepaper, this document and materials contained herein are not professional advice and in
no way constitutes the provision of professional advice of any kind.
Further, Innovative Bioresearch reserves the right to modify or update this Whitepaper and information
contained herein, at any moment and without notice. To the maximum extent permitted by any applicable
laws, regulations and rules, Innovative Bioresearch doesn’t guarantee and doesn’t accept legal responsibility
of any nature, for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or
otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising from
or related to the accuracy, reliability, relevance or completeness of any material contained in this Whitepaper.
Further, Innovative Bioresearch does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation,
warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity, person, or authority, including any
representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the
information set out in this Whitepaper. You should contact relevant independent professional advisors before
relying or making any commitments or transactions based on the material published in this Whitepaper.
This Whitepaper is not subject to any legal system and is not governed by any law. No regulatory authority has
examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper, and no such action has been or will
be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or
dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules
have been complied with.
You don’t have the right and shouldn’t buy INNBC tokens if you are (i) a green card holder of the United States
of America, or (ii) a citizen or a resident (tax or otherwise) of the United States of America, Puerto Rico, the
Virgin Islands of United States, or any other possessions of the United Stated of America, Singapore, People’s
Republic of China or South Korea, or person of that states, or (iii) a citizen or resident (tax or otherwise) of any
country or territory where transactions with digital tokens and/or digital currencies are prohibited or in any
other manner restricted by applicable laws. (“Person” is generally defined as a natural person residing in the
relevant state or any entity organized or incorporated under the laws of the relevant state). Purchased tokens
cannot be offered or distributed as well as cannot be resold or otherwise alienated by their holders to
mentioned persons. It is your sole responsibility to establish, by consulting (if necessary) your legal, tax,
accounting or other professional advisors, what requirements and limitations, if any, apply to your particular
jurisdiction, and ensure that you have observed and complied with all restrictions, at your own expense and
without liability to Innovative Bioresearch .

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

INNBC tokens are not and will not be intended to constitute securities, digital currency, commodity, or any
other kind of financial instrument and have not been registered under relevant securities regulations,
including the securities laws of any jurisdiction in which a potential token holder is a resident. This Whitepaper
is not a prospectus or a proposal, and its purpose is not to serve as a securities offer or request for investments
in the form of securities in any jurisdiction. However, in spite of the above, legislation of certain jurisdictions
may, now or in future, recognize INNBC tokens as securities. Innovative Bioresearch does not accept any
liability for such recognition and\or any legal and other consequences of such recognition for potential owners
of INNBC tokens, nor provide any opinions or advice regarding the acquisition, sale or other operations with
INNBC tokens, and the fact of the provision of this Whitepaper doesn’t form the basis or should not be relied
upon in matters related to the conclusion of contracts or acceptance investment decisions. This Whitepaper
doesn’t oblige anyone to enter into any contract, to take legal obligations with respect to the sale or purchase
of INNBC tokens, and to accept any crypto currency or other form of payment. Potential owners of INNBC
tokens are advised to contact relevant independent professional advisors, on the above matters.
Certain statements, estimates and financial information contained herein, constitute forward-looking
statements or information. Such forward-looking statements or information involve known and unknown risks
and uncertainties, which may cause actual events or results to differ materially from the estimates or the
results implied or expressed in such forward-looking statements. Further, all examples of calculation of
income and profits used in this Whitepaper were provided only for demonstration purposes or for
demonstrating the industry's averages. For avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or
may be relied upon as a guarantee, promise, representation or undertaking as to the future performance of
Innovative Bioresearch and/or INNBC token, and/or promise or guarantee of future profit resulting from
purchase of INNBC token.
INNBC tokens cannot be used for any purposes other than as provided in this Whitepaper, including but not
limited to, any investment, speculative or other financial purposes. INNBC tokens confer no other rights in any
form, including but not limited to any ownership, distribution (including, but not limited to, profit),
redemption, liquidation, property (including all forms of intellectual property), or other financial or legal rights,
other than those specifically set forth below. While the community's opinion and feedback can be taken into
account, INNBC tokens do not give any right to participate in decision-making or any direction of business
related to the Innovative Bioresearch service.
English language of this Whitepaper is the primary official source of information about the INNBC tokens, any
information contained herein may from time to time be translated into other languages or used in the course
of written or oral communications with customers, contractors, partners etc. In the course of such translation
or communication some of the information contained herein may be lost, corrupted or misrepresented. In the
event of any conflicts or inconsistencies between such translations and communications and this English
language of Whitepaper, the provision of this English language of Whitepaper as original document shall
prevail.
By continuing reading this Whitepaper, you confirm that you have read, understood, accepted, and
agreed with, the above section "Disclaimer of Liability".

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

CONTENT
PAGE 6
PAGE 9
PAGE 14
PAGE 16
PAGE 23
PAGE 24
PAGE 29

OUR AIDS CURE RESEARCH
OUR BLOCKCHAIN IMPLEMENTATION
APP SOCIAL FEATURES
TOKEN UTILITY
TIMELINE
BUSINESS MODEL
TEAM

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

OUR AIDS CURE RESEARCH
Innovative
Bioresearch
is
a
privately
held
biotech company
based
in
Italy
(http://www.innovativebioresearch.com). Owned and founded by research scientist Jonathan Fior with
the goal of bringing innovation to the field, with a focus on HIV, cancer and regeneration research. We
are launching a Token Sale for supporting our AIDS (Acquired Immunodeficiency Sindrome
associated with HIV infection) cure research, as well as to develop an application providing a on one
hand a decentralized database for clinical data generated by our future human trials, to overcome the
limitations of the current ancient centralized databases, and on the other hand a social platform for the
HIV seropositive community and our future services. Let’s start by focusing on the first goal of this
Token Sale, which is to support our AIDS cure research, with an overview of the current state of
SupT1 cell infusion therapy, the novel cell-based therapy for HIV conceived by Jonathan Fior, owner
and chief scientific officer of Innovative Bioresearch.

SUPT1 CELL INFUSION AS A NOVEL CELL-BASEDE THERAPY
FOR HIV
HIV infection usually leads to a progressive decline in number and functionality of CD4+ T
lymphocytes, resulting in AIDS development. As explained in Jonathan Fior’s scientific publications
[1–3], the HIV virus has a higher tropism for SupT1 cells than for primary CD4+ T cells. Several
hypotheses have been proposed as an explanation, most notably the higher surface expression of
CD4 and CXCR4 receptors in SupT1 cells. In addition, in vitro studies of HIV evolution show that
persistent growth in the SupT1 cell line results in a less cytopathic virus with a reduced capacity for
syncytium formation, a higher sensitivity to neutralization, improved replication in SupT1 cells and
impaired infection of primary CD4+ T cells [4–6]. Accordingly, Jonathan Fior proposed the infusion of
irradiated SupT1 cells as a cell-based HIV therapy to exploit the therapeutic potential of these
phenomena [1–3]. The rationale behind this approach is that moving infection toward the inoculated
cells should prevent infection and depletion of the patient’s own CD4+ T cells and, therefore, AIDS. In
such a strategy, SupT1 cells would act as a “decoy target” for the HIV virus to prevent CD4+ T cell
depletion as well as to render the virus less cytopathic. As previously mentioned, in vitro studies of
HIV evolution show that prolonged replication in SupT1 cells renders the virus less cytopathic and
more sensitive to neutralization. Accordingly, replication of the virus in the inoculated SupT1 cells
should also have a vaccination effect; that is, the therapy should also induce the virus to become
progressively less aggressive and harmful for the patient. The use of SupT1 cells as a decoy target for
HIV has been investigated in vitro and in vivo, with interesting results [1,3]. In vitro data showed that,
when primary CD4+ T cells are infected with HIV in the presence of SupT1 cells, the preferential
infection of SupT1 cells can spare primary CD4+ T cells from infection and depletion. In vivo data in
humanized mice showed that significantly lower viral replication (~10-fold) and potentially preserved
CD4+ T cell frequency at Week 1 was scored in animals treated with SupT1 cell infusion. Of note, one
animal exhibited a sustained decrease in HIV replication and CD4+ T cell depletion (no virus detected
anymore at Weeks 3 and 4), a result that may hold the key to future HIV treatments. Given the urgent
and global need for a cost effective cure for HIV, we believe that the millions of people infected by this

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

terrible disease deserve highly innovative HIV cure research strategies, such as SupT1 cell infusion
therapy.
In summary, these are some of the potential therapeutic benefits of this cell-based treatment
that go beyond what can be achievable with traditional drug based therapies such as cART:
•The vaccination effect. As previously mentioned, SupT1 cells have been shown to have a very
powerful vaccination effect in vitro [4–6]. In this regard, in vitro studies of HIV evolution showed that
upon prolonged replication in SupT1 cells, the X4 HIV-1 LAI virus evolves toward a less virulent
phenotype with a reduced capacity for syncytium formation, thus losing the main cytopathic feature
characterizing X4 strains, and most notably the virus adaptation to replicate in SupT1 cells results in
gradually losing the ability to replicate in primary CD4+ T cells [4]. In addition, the variation to
neutralization sensitivity after viral growth in tumor T cell lines has also been examined. Interestingly,
one study reported that primary isolates that were initially resistant to neutralization acquired
sensitivity to neutralization after continuous growth in tumor T cell lines, and that the sensitivity to
neutralization progressively increased during the days of culturing [5]. Specifically, it was shown that
after 14 days in continuous culture, 100 micrograms/mL of rsCD4 (recombinant soluble CD4) were
needed to neutralize 1 TCID of primary isolate, while only 0.3 micrograms/mL of rsCD4 were needed
to neutralize 1 TCID of the virus after 75 days in continuous culture. This means that there was a 300
fold increase in virus sensitivity to neutralization after prolonged replication in a tumor T cell line, which
is really something remarkable. All these phenomena could therefore harbor a significant therapeutic
potential that could be exploited with SupT1 cell infusion therapy to induce HIV infection to evolve into
a more tractable state for therapy.
•Potentially no organ toxicity; cART is a drug based treatment and as such is associated with organ
toxicity because the drugs are metabolized by various organs. By contrast, SupT1 cell infusion is a
cell-based treatment and there is no chemical substance injected into the body that needs to be
metabolized, which could significantly improve the quality of the patient's life.
•Be effective in patients in a terminal state of disease that developed drug resistant and very
aggressive HIV strains. When a patient is treated with cART, the virus fights back because it strives to
survive, which can result in the development of very aggressive and drug resistant HIV strains,
especially in the terminal stage of the disease and in such cases cART becomes ineffective. By
contrast, SupT1 cell infusion therapy provides the virus with a permissive cell-line in which it can
preferentially replicate, so that a peaceful coexistence between virus and host becomes possible,
which could dramatically improve the patient's health as the virus infection progressively moves
toward the inoculated SupT1 cells and the virus becomes increasingly less pathogenic for its host.
•Possible association of the treatment with novel molecular compounds such as a Vif-inhibitor to act
on HIV reservoirs. The HIV-1 Vif protein is essential for viral replication in primary CD4+ T cells but not
in SupT1 cells [1]. Accordingly, pharmacologic inhibition of Vif could be combined with SupT1 cell
infusion to further restrict viral replication to the inoculated SupT1 cells. Considering that APOBEC3G
is expressed by different cell types, such as neuronal cells, astrocytes, and macrophages [2],

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

pharmacologic inhibition of Vif may also have the benefit of acting on HIV reservoirs in the brain and
other body areas. There are several molecules with promising anti-Vif activity currently being tested
[2]. Similarly, other HIV-1 accessory proteins that are not essential for replication in SupT1 cells (e.g.,
Vpr, Vpu, and Nef [3]) may also be the target of pharmacologic inhibition. It is important to point out
that these drugs would not affect virus replication in the inoculated SupT1 cells, and therefore in
combination with SupT1 cell infusion therapy, there should not be development of drug resistance
normally associated with drug based treatments.
•A cost effective AIDS cure solution. Our mission is to provide a cost effective cure solution for AIDS.
In contrast with traditional cell-based and gene-based therapies that make use of modified autologous
cells and are therefore very expensive and often unpractical for a large scale application, using a
standardized T cell line such as the SupT1 cell line should significantly reduce the treatment costs
associated with SupT1 cell infusion therapy, allowing access to the therapy where access to traditional
HIV therapies is restricted by economic and social limitations. The social and economical impacts of a
low cost HIV cure solution would be enormous.
Below some considerations with regard to potential issues:
•Safety. We take this issue very seriously and are committed to performing very rigorous preclinical
research to ensure there is enough data on safety to obtain approval from regulatory agencies for
human experimentation. In this regard, injection of irradiated tumor cells as a therapy is already
performed in cancer vaccination. In such cases, irradiating the cells prior to inoculation has been
shown to ensure treatment safety both in animal and clinical studies [7]. We used the same protocol
used in cancer vaccination studies (i.e., 30 Gy of radiation dose for the cells), which resulted in safe in
vivo inoculation in our animal study as well [3]. Specifically, all animals successfully survived the
treatment and presence of SupT1 cells was almost undetectable at late time points, which means that
irradiating the cells prior to inoculation efficiently prevented SupT1 cell replication. Furthermore, we
infused high doses of cells (40 million SupT1 cells were infused weekly), which in a highly
immunodeficient mouse strain would rapidly lead to animal death in case of tumor development.
Therefore, based on the clinical data we already have from cancer vaccination studies, and from the
results of our first animal study, we believe that meeting the safety standards required for human trials
is something feasible.
•Rejection issues. Tumors can develop because tumor cells are able to evade immune recognition.
For example, SupT1 cells do not express HLA-DR, which is an antigen highly associated with immune
recognition [8]. Accordingly, given the tumoral nature of SupT1 cells, they should be significantly less
immunogenic than normal cells and as such should survive in the patient long enough to provide a
therapeutic effect. However, it is possible that the HIV virus will eradicate the cells faster and more
efficiently than the immune system itself in any case.

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

References
1. Fior J. An initial in vitro investigation into the potential therapeutic use of SupT1 cells to prevent
AIDS in HIV-seropositive individuals. PLoS ONE. 2012;7:13.
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22701517
2. Fior J. Is a pacific coexistence between virus and host the unexploited path that may lead to an HIV
functional cure? Viruses. 2013;5:753–757. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23430684
3. Fior, J. SupT1 Cell Infusion as a Possible Cell-Based Therapy for HIV: Results from a Pilot Study in
Hu-PBMC BRGS Mice. Vaccines. 2016, 4:13.
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27128948
4. Das, A.T.; Land, A.; Braakman, I.; Klaver, B.; Berkhout, B. HIV-1 evolves into a
nonsyncytiuminducing virus upon prolonged culture in vitro. Virology. 1999, 263:55–69.
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10544082
5. Turner, S.; Tizard, R.; DeMarinis, J.; Pepinsky, R.B.; Zullo, J.; Schooley, R.; Fisher, R. Resistance
of primary isolates of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 to neutralization by soluble CD4 is not due
to lower affinity with the viral envelope glycoprotein gp120. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA. 1992,
89:1335–1339. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1741386
6. Moore, J.P.; Burkly, L.C.; Connor, R.I.; Cao, Y.; Tizard, R.; Ho, D.D.; Fisher, R.A. Adaptation of two
primary human immunodeficiency virus type 1 isolates to growth in transformed T cell lines correlates
with alterations in the responses of their envelope glycoproteins to soluble CD4. AIDS Res. Hum.
Retroviruses. 1993, 9:529–539. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/8347397
7. Salgia R, et al. Vaccination with irradiated autologous tumor cells engineered to secrete
granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor augments antitumor immunity in some patients with
metastatic non-small-cell lung carcinoma. J. Clin. Oncol. 2003, 21:624–630.
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12586798
8. Dufresne I, et al. Targeting lymph nodes with liposomes bearing anti-HLA-DR Fab′ fragments.
Biochim Biophys Acta. 1999, 1421:284-94. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10518698
Let’s now talk about the application, starting from the function of providing a decentralized
databese for clinical data

THE CHALLENGE OF HAVING TO ACCESS CLINICAL DATA
FROM THE CURRENT ANCIENT CENTRALIZED DATABASES
Traditionally, all data generated by scientific research is collected in the form of a scientific article,
which is published in a peer reviewed scientific journal, and it is usually made available on a public
database such as the NIH’s pubmed database (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed). When a novel
therapeutic strategy, such as SupT1 cell infusion therapy, goes through the several stages of clinical
research, different research teams all over the world may perform the research. And once the therapy
is finally approved for human treatment, different clinicians all over the world may administer the
treatment to patients. This means that when a research team wants to perform clinical research, they
have to go through the tedious and time consuming process of searching for all the published data

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

from previous trials, read all the papers, select the useful data, and make the best possible
interpretation of the data to create a protocol for their trial, personalizing it for their typology of patients.
In fact, every patient may have different individual characteristics (e.g., age, ethnicity, HIV tropism)
and thus may require personalized treatment protocols. And the same issue is present when clinicians
begin to administer an approved treatment to patients; they have to go through all the papers and
make a best guess on what treatment protocol should be used. As mentioned, this process of
accessing clinical data can be quite tedious and time consuming, but it can also introduce human
error.
A Possible Solution: A Decentralized Database Using the Blockchain to Store and Access
Clinical Data

A possible solution to the challenge posed by having to access clinical data from the current ancient
system could be provided by the creation of a decentralized database for clinical data using the
blockchain technology. This is what we are proposing with the creation of the “You’re not alone”
application. First, let’s focus on the blockchain aspect of the app, we will explain why it has such a
name later. The “You’re not alone” app would feature a user-friendly interface allowing any clinician

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

running a clinical investigation to enter the data produced by their trials.
The application would allow the input of a broad range of individual parameters for each treated
patient, such as age, ethnicity, disease progression stage, viral tropism of HIV virus carried, along with
the clinical protocol used (e.g., dosage of SupT1 cells infused each week) and the outcome of the
treatment (e.g., viral load, CD4+ T cell count). The app would then access and elaborate the data on
the fly; statistical analysis (means, standard deviations, correlations, power) and even the elaboration
of suggested treatment profiles that could work best for each type of patient could be performed. This
would take away the burden of having to manually search and process all the data from current
centralized databases, which often involves printing hundreds of papers. And such an application
would have an infinite potential for growing. For instance, an amazing feature could be to store in the
database the genotypic information of the HIV virus carried by each patient, allowing to keep track of
all mutations and genetic modifications caused by the treatment as well as the resulting viral
phenotypic changes. Therefore, such a database would be constantly growing and evolving as new
parameters are added to it, and it would be always available, anytime, anywhere, and to anyone
connected.
Another important aspect is that usually in a scientific publication the raw data is not published but
instead a graphical representation is used to summarize the data; another amazing feature of a
decentralized database is that due to not having the editorial constraints of a scientific journal, the
whole raw data generated by any research could be included in the database. Such an app would help
speed up tremendously the clinical development stages of our AIDS cure research; it could be a game
changer. We would still publish the data through the traditional peer reviewed system, but once
reviewed and published, the data would also be made immediately available for easy access through
the application.
These are some of the potential advantages of using the blockchain technology for creating a
decentralized database for clinical data
•Immutability. Scientific data need to be immutable. Once a study is peer reviewed and published, its
data must be permanently stored and never altered. In the blockchain, all data is stored in every single
node, never ceasing to exist, and always staying on the blockchain. It is immutability that gives the
blockchain its openness and BFT (Byzantine Fault Tolerance).
•Decentralization. The blockchain is designed to be distributed and synchronized across networks,
making data freely available to anyone. We believe that scientific data should be shared and not being
hidden behind a firewall.
•Security. The kind of transactions that can be performed are strictly defined in advance and stored in
the blockchain as “smart contracts”; this prevents fraudulent data from being added to the blockchain
thus ensuring integrity of the database. By contrast, it would be much easier to compromise a
centralized database.

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

Here are some of the potential drawbacks
•Transaction slowness. Bitcoin has a limit of 7 transactions per second, while Etherum has 15. This
could be a limit for applications that may require thousands or even million database transactions per
second. However, this would hardly be the case for a scientific database where data would be entered
at a much slower pace, given that it can require several moths to years for a clinical study to be
completed and new data to be produced.
•Data storage is primitive. The blockchain uses a rather primitive key-value database. However,
although this could be a problem for applications storing complex databases, scientific data often
consist of simple sets of alphanumeric data that could easily be stored in the blockchain by
compressing and storing them in Hexadecimal format.

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

We are planning to use this application specifically for our AIDS cure research, to overcome the
limitations of current centralized databases. However, we believe there may be interest in using our
application by other parties. After all, this would be an application designed by a research scientist for
research scientists. Our database will be open to any company or institution interested in using our
app for storing their clinical data. Moreover, we will encourage them to do so as we believe that
scientific data should shared publicly.
Now, let’s explain why we named the application “You’re not alone”. The application will also
document the progress of our AIDS cure research project, featuring periodic updates such as articles,
vlogs. This will create a community where HIV seropositive people can stay up to the date, comment,
share, interact with us working on the cure, and with each others. Something that creates a bridge
between HIV seropositive people and us, research scientists working on the cure. Something that
allows the HIV seropositive community and anyone interested to be part of this journey. Something
that can send the message that they are not alone in their battle. That we are fighting for them. That
we care about them. A message of hope. Our vision and intention is therefore to create an application
that will also act as a social app for HIV seropositive people to participate and create new topics and
discussions to support each others and stand together in the fight against AIDS.

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

“YOU’RE NOT ALONE” SOCIAL FEATURES

The application will also provide our official channel through which patients will be able to access the
therapy by providing information about all the ongoing clinical trials, how to participate, and once our
HIV treatment is approved, it will provide information about the clinics and hospitals offering the
treatment, and how to book appointments with legit clinicians that are officially collaborating with us, to
offer the best services and rates.

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

TOKEN UTILITY
What is the intrinsic value of a Token? Can you convert Tokens into physical goods? Tokens are not
usually backed by the value of actual, real, physical goods, which means there is nothing stopping
them from falling in value other than trust in the platform. However, we wanted to provide something
more for our Token holders. We wanted our Token to be backed by the value of a physical good. Here
at Innovative Bioresearch we love JDM cars. Because, let’s face it; imports will always beat muscle
cars. Therefore, at the first stage (right after the end of the Token Sale) we will launch our INNBC JDM
ONLINE GARAGE, were INNBC tokens can be spent to buy cars from a selection of high quality JDM
classic cars. Selection of cars will mostly concentrate on classic iconic JDM cars such as Skylines,
Supras, Subaru, and EVOs. Wonderfully, when it comes to JDM cars, our founder, Jonathan Fior, has
a great expertise as he is personally involved in the business of importing them and over the years he
has therefore established a solid network of professional contacts, which makes us confident about
providing a quality service.

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

We will offer amazing deals on our garage, along with providing worldwide shipping. In contrast with
other tokens on the market, INNBC token value will be therefore backed by the value of real physical
goods such as JDM cars. This will help the INNBC Token to hold its value. Now, the JDM cars from
our online garage are from a selection of very high quality examples in mint conditions, and these cars
are only going up in value, as they are true collector items. So they are also an investment. These are
not common cars you can buy from a dealer; it is very hard to find them as you have to go hunting for
good examples and source them from Japan.

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

Note. Cars and prices listed here are just an indication to provide a general picture of the final product.
But why JDM cars for a biomedical research related project, other than because they are simply
awesome? It isn’t just about the access we have at providing this service for customers thanks to our
founder, it’s also about the community. The car enthusiast community is one of the most welcoming
and sensitive community when it comes to supporting social issues such as fighting AIDS. Therefore,
we believe that having classic iconic JDM cars backing the value of INNBC tokens is true to the spirit
of this project, which is to solve a serious global health problem. In addition, the automotive industry is
something very responsive and therefore we believe in possible future wonderful partnerships for
further expanding our Token economy, making it constantly growing and successful. We also believe

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

that providing such a straightforward utility (i.e., you can directly use our Token to buy physical goods
as you would with a fiat currency) can seriously help reaching those customers who are not normally
into the crypto world.
At the second stage (3-6 months after Token sale) we will launch the first version of our “You’re not
alone” app, were INNBC tokens can be spent to access a number of privileged features in the app
ecosystem such as becoming moderator in the social communities. The 1% of the revenue generated
by in-app ads will go to community moderators as a compensation for their work. In addition, Token
economy will be integral part of the rep reward point system of the social community. Users who will
make particularly useful contributions will earn Tokens.

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

Token and Sale details
1.
2.
3.
4.

Hard Cap:
Payment Methods:
Number of INNBC for Pre-Sale:
Number of INNBC for Sale:

50million INNBC Tokens (including pre sale)
ETH
20,000,000
30,000,000

The INNBC Token will be an ERC20 token released on the Etherum blockchain, and there will be only
one initial limited supply of INNBC Tokens. Innovative Bioresearch intends to also use funds received
during Token sale for further development of the project, payment of salaries and future expenses.
This will help accelerate development and also enable the team to work full time with total
commitment. Only Tokens sold are actually minted at the end of the Token sale, meaning that total
supply will consist of sold Tokens plus Tokens reserved by Innovative Bioresearch. Innovative
Bioresearch will reserve up to 100,000,000 Tokens for supporting Token economy and these Tokens
will not be available for sale.
The INNBC token may be used once all purchased INNBC tokens will be distributed to purchasers.
Also, holders of INNBC tokens are free to sell their tokens to users who need those for access to our
platform.

INNBC Pricing
INNBC Token emission price is 1EUR (1,23USD) per 1INNBC, corresponding to 415INNBC per
1ETH, with respect to the ETH/EUR exchange rate on the day of smart contract creation (16 April
2018). Minimum purchase is 10 INNBC Tokens.
During Token sale, we will offer the following discounts
●20% discount for pre-sale (498INNBC per 1ETH).
●10% discount for the successive sale (456INNBC per 1ETH).

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

TIMELINE

●Token pre-sale. We expect to launch the pre-sale by the beginning of May 2018. Pre-sale will last
for 1.5 months.
●Token Sale. Sale will take place shortly after the pre-sale. We expect to launch the sale by mid
June 2018 and it will last for 1.5 months.
●JDM Online Garage. Our online garage will be launched shortly after the Token sale, so we expect
it to be ready by the beginning of August 2018.
●AIDS research. We will start contracting our partners to perform preclinical animal research on
SupT1 cell infusion therapy immediately upon Token sale completion. We expect to start animal
research by October 2018, and to complete it by December 2019. We expect to start human trials
by mid 2020 and conclude human experimentation (Phase 1,2,3 trials) in 5-8 years. So we expect to
have SupT1 cell infusion therapy commercially available by 2025-2028.
●You’re not alone app. We expect to launch the application within 3-6 months after Token sale
ends, so we expect it to launch between November 2018 and February 2019.

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

BUSINESS MODEL
We assume a first source of revenue represented by in app ads and car sales from our INNBC JDM
ONLINE GARAGE, and a successive source of revenue from our HIV therapy upon its approval and
commercialization.

*Revenues are dependant on RPM, which in turn is highly variable and depends on many factors such
as traffic, CRT (click-through-rate), CPC (cost per click). Average RPM can be as low as 0.5$ for
broad niches or as high as 100$ for competitive niches. With a very narrow nice such as the HIV
seropositve community, we estimated for our platform ads from specific HIV related producs (e.g.,
PrEP medications used for a seronegative partner) generating an average RPM of 66$, which with
25k visits/day would generate roughly 50k$/month. The key here is that we aim to have a highly
targeted audience resulting in greater relevancy and therefore RPM.

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

Additional revenue may be generated by sponsorship programs from the automotive industry that may
want to use our store to sell/advertise their products.

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

There were 36.7million people infected by HIV globally in 2016, 17.5million of which were left
untreated, according to UNAIDS. Our mission is to develop a low cost cell-based therapy solution for
HIV to allow access to the treatment for those individuals who are normally left untreated due to social
and/or economic limitations. We estimate our treatment to be significantly cheaper than antiretroviral
therapy (ART), which is the conventional drug-based therapy for HIV, and substantially cheaper than
any gene therapy product using modified autologous cells offered by our competitors.

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

*1)Source; Gebo KA, Fleishman JA, et al. Contemporary costs of HIV healthcare in the HAART era.
AIDS. 2010;24:2705-15.
*2)Estimated based on the complexity and costly operations required to produce and administer gene
therapy autologous cell products for HIV; Stan R, Zaia JA. Practical considerations in gene therapy for
HIV cure. Curr HIV/AIDS Rep. 2014;11:11-9.
*3)Estimated based on our previous experience in propagating and administering SupT1 cells in
humanized mice; Fior, J. SupT1 Cell Infusion as a Possible Cell-Based Therapy for HIV: Results from
a Pilot Study in Hu-PBMC BRGS Mice. Vaccines. 2016, 4:13.
With a potential target of 36.7million HIV infected individuals globally, our AIDS cure solution could
generate 9billion/year in revenue by successfully targeting 20% of the global HIV infected population,
which if our therapy will prove to be safe and effective as an HIV cure we believe is a realistic goal.

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

•App tech development. Funds used to develop the application, which we expect to launch within
the first 6 months after the ICO.
•App maintenance. Funds devoted to general maintenance of the application to keep it live and
running.
•Ecosystem development. Funds devoted to creating the infrastructures to support the app (e.g.,
integrating the app within the information systems of hospitals and clinics partnering with us for
administering our HIV therapy), as well as for promotion of the app within the community (i.e.,
marketing costs).
•JDM car stock. Funds devoted to maintaining a constant stock of cars for the JDM online garage.
•AIDS cure research. Funds devoted to developing SupT1 cell infusion therapy. This includes
preclinical animal research, and human trials (phase 1, 2, 3).

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

TEAM
Jonathan Fior
Owner and Chief Scientific Officer. Jonathan Fior is a
research scientist specialized in the field of virology,
immunology, cancer and regeneration*. He founded
Innovative Bioresearch and conceived SupT1 cell
infusion therapy, a novel cell-based therapy for HIV that
uses SupT1 cells as a decoy target for HIV-1 to prevent
CD4+ T cell depletion as well as to render the virus less
cytopathic. Jonathan Fior is also a successful stock
trader and thus he has a great financial competence as
well. Other than science, one of his biggest passions
are JDM classic cars from the 90s such as Skylines and
Supras, which led him to get involved in the business of
importing them.
Davide Bosetti
Social Media Manager. Davide Bosetti is a social
media expert and is responsible for all social/community
related aspects of the projects at Innovative
Bioresearch.

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

Alessandro Gatti
Chief Legal Officer. Alessandro Gatti is a legal expert
and he ensures that everything we do is in accordance
with the law.

*Jonathan Fior publications
Fior J. An Initial In Vitro Investigation into the Potential Therapeutic Use of SupT1 Cells to Prevent
AIDS in HIV-Seropositive Individuals. PLoS ONE. 2012;7(5):e37511.
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22701517
Fior J. Is a pacific coexistence between virus and host the unexploited path that may lead to an HIV
functional cure? Viruses. 2013;5(2):753-7. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23430684
Fior J. Salamander regeneration as a model for developing novel regenerative and anticancer
therapies. J Cancer. 2014;5(8):715-9. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25258653
Fior J. SupT1 Cell Infusion as a Possible Cell-Based Therapy for HIV: Results from a Pilot Study in
Hu-PBMC BRGS Mice. Vaccines. 2016;4(2):13.
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27128948

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

HOW WE OPERATE
For research projects, Jonathan Fior works as PI (principal investigator), conceiving the experiments
and writing the experiment protocol. The work is then commissioned to a Contract Research
Organization (CRO), which physically performs the experiments. Jonathan Fior then supervises all
aspects related to the research communicating closely with the CRO. Once the experiments are
completed, he analyzes the results and writes a scientific paper, which is published in a peer reviewed
scientific journal. We only publish on open access scientific journals as we believe in free information
and don’t want our data being hidden behind a paywall. This means that although our team is not a big
team, we actually have companies with 100+ people working for us. Therefore, our team does not
need to be large. This way we can keep a small, yet strong and great, team.

To maximize results and reducing costs, we perform our highly specialized research by
partnering with state-of-the-art CROs and Institutions. Some CROs we hired in the past are
listed below

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT
Along with performing our AIDS cure research, the other important aim of this project is
developing the “You’re not alone” application. For developing the application, a professional
software development company will be hired for the job. Some potential candidates we
selected are listed below

Patacaum

WillowTree, Inc.®

Dogtownmedia

For this ICO, we are partnering with

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

Risk Factors

The purchase of INNBC token (hereinafter in this article “Risk Factors” referred to as the "Token" or "Tokens")
may be associated with a high degree of risk. To protect the interests of Tokens’ potential purchasers, the
Innovative Bioresearch (hereinafter in this article “Risk Factors” referred to as the "Company") team
conducted an analysis of such potential risks and outlined the result of this analysis in this chapter of the
Whitepaper. IMPORTANT: THE LIST OF RISK FACTORS DESCRIBED BELOW IS NOT EXHAUSTIVE. IN
ADDITION TO THE RISKS DISCLOSED IN THIS WHITEPAPER, THERE MAY BE EXISTING OTHER RISKS
WHICH THE COMPANY'S TEAM AT PRESENT CAN NOT REASONABLY FORECAST. These risks can
materialize in other forms of risk than those specified here. Prior to acquiring Tokens, each potential Token
purchaser is advised to carefully review all the information and assess the risks of such purchase, including but
not limited to, the risks set forth in this Whitepaper and to decide upon purchase of Tokens based on such
assessment.

1. Technical and technological risks.
1.1. Risks of the blockchain. Tokens are released on Ethereum blockchain. In this regard, any malfunction of
the Ethereum protocol may lead to a restriction in the use of Tokens, and / or to the fact that Tokens or the
platform will function in an unforeseen manner.
1.2. Risk of hacker attacks on the platform, smart contracts, or Tokens. Tokens can be expropriated and / or
stolen, by hacking Tokens, or otherwise. Hackers or other groups or organizations may attempt to intervene in
a smart contract or Tokens in various ways, including, but not limited to, virus attacks, DDOS attacks,
concerted attacks, network attacks, and denial of service attacks, and others. In addition, since the Ethereum
platform is based on open source software, there is a risk that Ethereum smart contracts may contain
intentional or unintentional errors or shortcomings that could adversely affect Tokens or lead to loss of
Tokens, or loss of access or control Tokens. In the event of such an error or weakness of the software, there
can be no remedy, and tokens owners are not guaranteed any compensation or compensation.
1.3. Risk of hacker attack on the computer of tokenholder, or loss of passwords / of private keys. Purchased
Tokens can be stored by the tokenholder in her\his digital wallet or safe, for which a password, a digital key or
a combination of digital keys is required. Accordingly, the loss of the necessary keys associated with such
digital wallet or safe, can lead to loss of access to Tokens. In addition, any third party that gets access to such
passwords and / or private keys (by way of getting (through hacking, or negligence of tokenholder) access to
login credentials of tokenholders' hosting-wallet, or otherwise), will be able to use Tokens of the tokenholder.
Company assumes no liability for such losses.
1.4. Risk of using new technologies, and changes in technology in the future. Tokens and blockchain are fairly
new and relatively untested technologies. Although at the moment they have largely proven their efficiency,
reliability and security, there is no guarantee that in future these technologies do not

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

fail in any way. Further, as technological progress develops, flaws can be found in these technologies, which
flaws will prevent their functioning in the way that they function at the moment. Finally, there is no guarantee
that these technologies will be compatible with any new technologies invented in future. In the event of such
incompatibility, use of Tokens and blockchain can be found unreasonable and stopped.
1.5. Risk of incompatibility of the cryptowallet service. An electronic cryptowallet or wallet service provider
that tokenholder has chosen \ will choose for obtaining and storing Tokens, must be technically compatible
with Tokens. Failure to comply with this condition may lead to the fact that the tokenholder will not be able to
get access to her\his Tokens. Tokenholders must independently determine the fact of the compatibility of the
cryptowallet she\he registered, with the Tokens. Company assumes no responsibility for any errors related to
wrong determination of the above fact.

2. Regulatory Risks.
2.1. Risk of regulatory uncertainty. Regulatory status of cryptographic tokens, digital assets and blockchain
technology, is unclear or not defined in many jurisdictions. It cannot be excluded that such technologies, and,
in particular, Tokens, will in future become subject to one or more (adopted or new) interpretations of laws (or
other regulations), court judgments, or actions by various regulatory bodies around the world, including, but
not limited to, the imposition of restrictions on the use or possession of digital tokens, such as Tokens. Such
changes can adversely affect Tokens in various ways, including, for example, by determining that Tokens are
regulated financial instruments that require registration or compliance with other legal requirements and
procedures. Company may stop distributing Tokens, developing a platform or terminating operations in a
particular jurisdiction if the actions of regulatory authorities of the relevant jurisdiction make it illegal or not
commercially viable to proceed.
2.2. Risk of inability to obtain, maintain or renew licenses and permits. As of the date of Tokens sale, there are
no statutory requirements requiring Company to obtain any licenses and permits necessary for the sale of the
Tokens, but the risk that such legislative requirements may be enacted in the future cannot be ruled out. In
this event, possibility of sale and further use of Tokens will depend on the procedure of issuing such licenses
and permits, and on compliance with their terms. We cannot exclude that requirements of the law will be
technically or economically unachievable for Company. Company may stop distribution of Tokens, develop a
platform or terminate operations in a particular jurisdiction in the event of economic, technological or other
inability to obtain the required licenses or permits under such jurisdiction.
2.3. The risk of governmental action. The industry of blocking and reversing tokens is new, and simply by
virtue of novelty can be subject to increased supervision and regulatory control, including investigations or
enforcement actions. There can be no guarantee that the government will not study the activities of the
parties. All this can be investigated, which in turn can have a significant negative impact on Tokens and / or
platform development.

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

3.Business risks.
3.1. Risk of failure in development. It cannot be excluded that for various reasons, including but not limited to,
for reasons of insolvency of business or technological strategies or business arrangements, technological
problems, emergence of new technologies, etc., that the model that Company developed and described in
this Whitepaper, will not achieve the desired functionality, be inoperative, or work in a way different from
what developers designed it for. Also, we cannot exclude the risk that for these or different reasons,
development and implementation of the model can take longer than Company predicts at the moment, and
when the model is ready, it will appear to be outdated and\or irrelevant.
3.2. Risk of insufficient implementation. It cannot be excluded that, for various reasons, including, but not
limited to, for reasons of insolvency of marketing strategies, external constraints, or competitors' actions, the
model developed by Company and described in this Whitepaper model may appear to be unpopular and\or
unclaimed, lacking use and application.
3.3. Risk of dependence on third parties. Even after the launch, the model developed by Company and
described in this Whitepaper will rely, wholly or partially, on third parties, for adoption and implementation of
certain functions, as well as for continuing its development, maintenance and support. Though abovementioned third parties are carefully selected by Company's team, there is no insurance or guarantee that
these third parties will do their job properly, or otherwise meet users' needs, and this can have a significant
adverse impact on the platform.
3.4. Risk of loss of cash. The project described in this Whitepaper, the model developed by Сompany, the
platform being created, as well as any funds collected within the framework of the Token sale described, are
not insured. In case of failure of the project for any reason, loss of functionality of the Token or platform, there
is no private or public insurance representative to whom token holders can apply for reimbursement.

3.5. Risk of force majeure. In the future, there may be extraordinary circumstances that Company cannot
reasonably anticipate or prevent and that may be subject to restrictions or impediments to the operation of
the Company or Token platform. Company performance may be interrupted, suspended or delayed due to
force majeure circumstances. For the purposes of this Whitepaper, force majeure shall mean extraordinary
events and circumstances which could not be prevented by Company and shall include: acts of nature, wars,
armed conflicts, mass civil disorders, industrial actions, epidemics, lockouts, slowdowns, prolonged shortage
or other failures of energy supplies or communication service, acts of municipal, state or federal governmental
agencies, other circumstances beyond Company's control, which were not in existence at the time of
Whitepaper release.
3.6. Value of Tokens. Once purchased, the value of Tokens may significantly fluctuate due to various reasons.
Company does not guarantee any specific value of the Tokens over any specific period of time. Company shall
not be held responsible for any change in the value of Tokens.

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

4.Other risks.

4.1. Taxes. Token holders are solely responsible for determining if the transactions contemplated herein are
subject to any applicable taxes whether in their home country or in another jurisdiction. It will be the sole
responsibility of Token holders to comply with the tax laws of any jurisdictions applicable to them and pay all
relevant taxes.
4.2. Disclosure of Information. Personal information received from Tokens holders, the information about the
number of tokens owned, the wallet addresses used, and any other relevant information may be disclosed to
law enforcement, government officials, and other third parties when Company is required to disclose such
information by law, subpoena, or court order. Company shall at no time be held responsible for such
information disclosure.
4.3. Risk of Insufficient information. Tokens are at a very early developmental stage and its philosophy,
consensus mechanism, algorithm, code and other technical
specifications and parameters could be updated and changed frequently and constantly. While the
Whitepaper contains the up-to-date key information related to Tokens at the date of the Whitepaper, it is not
complete nor is final and is subject to adjustments and updates that Company may make from time to time.
Company is not in a position, nor obliged to report on every detail of the development of Tokens and other
elements of the system presented by Company and therefore will not necessarily provide timely or full access
to all the information relating to the Tokens, but will use reasonable efforts.

INNOVATIVE BIORESEARCH | Milan, Italy | http://www.innovativebioresearch.com

