White Paper

Content
1. ABSTRACT

pg. 3

2. INO COIN MISSION

pg. 3

3. BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY

pg. 4

4. SMART CONTRACTS

pg. 5

5. HOW IT WORKS

pg. 5
pg. 6
pg. 7

5.1 ASSETS
5.2 MOBILE APPS
6. TEAM OF DEVELOPERS AND EXPERTS

pg. 7

7. TOKEN SUPPLY

pg. 8

8. ROADMAP

pg. 8

9. INO COIN AS THE CORE OF OUR PROJECT

pg. 10

2

1.Abstract
Unlike other projects, Ino Coin is a universal payment tool, but aside from serving as a
platform for procuring venture capital, it also provides an opportunity for any person to take
advantage of the innovations and benefits that new projects offer.
Ino Coin is a global platform for funding and provision of knowhow to new Blockchain
projects. As a currency, it is backed by a team of people with great technical and commercial
skills, people who will share advice and show the right direction to young teams in addition
to providing funds. It is a unique decentralized system for joint decision-making between
the lead team, project representatives and all investors as well as owners of the currency.
It enables sharing of knowledge, ideas and wealth through Ino Coin. In this white paper
we present Ino Coin, a brand-new technology for securely transferring money between
anonymous peers. Our solution is based on the Ethereum Codebase and keys/addresses
system which includes multi signature outputs and ring signatures.
The main purpose of this technology is to help young entrepreneurs and startups to secure
financing and develop their idea. At the same time, the technology enables anyone to
become an investor and earn a return on their investment.

2. Ino Coin Mission
What is Ino Coin?
Ethereum-based crowdfunding platform for all kinds of innovative ideas and projects. It
is clear that it’s not an ICO incubator – instead it’s more like crowdfunding platform like
“Kickstarter” and “Indiegogo”. The community reviews projects and chooses to either “Like”
(upvote) or “Boost” (fund) them using INO, the proprietary ERC-20 token used by the Ino Coin
ecosystem.
Crowdfunding is one of the most popular methods of gaining liquidity to start a new project.
In fact, over $17.2 billion is raised by these projects annually in the U.S. alone.

Advantage of Ino Platform:
•
•
•
•

Based on blockchain technology
Transparency
Trackability
Lower fees

What problems does Ino Coin solve?
Ino Coin gives young and energic entrepreneurs access to huge liquidity. For example, on
the European market, alternative methods of financing projects grew very rapidly, with the
market size reaching more than 7.67 billion euros as at 2016. Within crowdfunding itself,
various types of platforms are developed, such as equity, debt-based or reward-based
crowdfunding. We, the Ino Coin team, have decided to develop a blockchain platform on a
reward-based scheme only because we believe that this is the future of the crowdfunding
world.

3

What is the mission of Ino Coin?
Ino Coin is a decentralized cryptocurrency built with the sole mission of helping
new businesses with funding and growing. Our platform is the place where ideas get
connected with smart money.

3. Blockchain technology
Before the blockchain era, commerce required building trust between the transacting
parties, which in practice meant proving that each party was capable of fulfilling their
obligations in accordance with the terms agreed beforehand. Failing to stick to one’s
promises would wreak havoc in the markets.
Consequently, there was a need for a third party, a financial intermediary, that would
take the risks of the counterparty default unto itself. Whether due to practical reasons
following from market necessity or because of imposed regulations by government
agencies, middlemen became an integral part of the market landscape to ensure every
party kept up their end of the bargain.
The blockchain technology removes the need for a middleman as the validity of a
transaction is confirmed by the network of independent nodes. A decentralized,
distributed one-way ledger existing in thousands of copies across the world removes
the overhead introduced by third parties, with a bonus of greatly diminishing the time it
takes to confirm a transaction.
Blockchain has marked the beginning of a truly new era. Now, the blockchain
technology makes old payment systems redundant and outdated. With blockchain,
there is no more need for complex auditing systems as it has its own audit system built
in, which provides reliable accountability right out of the box. Transactions which get
written to the blockchain are literally set in stone and time. Once a transaction gets
confirmed, there is no way back as all transactions are intentionally made irreversible.
No one can change them.
This becomes possible through a consensus mechanism. The two major ways to reach
a consensus in the blockchain network are Proof of Work and Proof of Stake. Their effect
is that they render the efforts to compromise a blockchain prohibitively expensive even
for those who can spend billions of dollars, for example, government agencies, and yet
more costly for major decentralized currencies like Bitcoin.
The security of the network is guaranteed by the distributed nature of decentralized
blockchains and cryptographic algorithms used. Moreover, the costs of preventing
new transactions from receiving confirmations are rising exponentially as the network
expands, so this attack vector will be even less feasible in the future when the
blockchain technology gains more traction in the Internet.
Currencies based on decentralized blockchains don’t need a trusted third party
as is the case with a centralized payment system, for example, a central bank. This
eliminates a single point of failure by making decentralized systems immune and
invulnerable to things like blackmail, bribes, corruption, virtually everything which

4

regularly overruns legacy systems.
As a result, decentralized blockchains are operating beyond the reach and outside
of the control of financial structures and oligopolies which are more often than not
pursuing their own ends incompatible or even directly hostile and antagonistic to the
idea of an open market, which the blockchain technology greatly contributes to.

4.Smart contracts
It is possible to implement a Turing-complete programming language within the
blockchain itself. A piece of computer code stored and replicated on the blockchain
system is called a smart contract. These contracts got a lot of traction over the last
few years. As Turing-complete, they can store, convert, and process arbitrary data
in a formally specified (algorithmic) manner, depending on specific conditions set
beforehand. And it is not only about storing and processing information related to
account balances, which is what the Bitcoin blockchain mostly deals with, as any
data including but definitely not limited to data about data (metadata), sets of rules,
restrictions, transaction conditions, i.e. virtually anything that can be processed by a
modern desktop PC, can be entered into a smart contract.
First smart contracts were implemented using the Bitcoin blockchain but due to the
limitations of the underlying protocol, it was not possible to execute complex logic
procedures in an efficient way on top of it. Thus, the most widely used Turing-complete
blockchain dubbed Ethereum was born which enables execution of complex smart
contracts mostly involving financial operations. For example, a small smart contract
consisting of just a few lines of code can set rules about transferring assets or
executing predefined operations once certain conditions are met. These conditions
can be triggered immediately or at some point in the future.
Smart contracts allow a bargain to be struck between two parties without running
the risk of default by either. The contract is either carried out fully or gets cancelled
completely, so no party is in fact risking anything. If one side fails to deliver, the other
retains what belongs to it. And all of this comes with the benefits which a plain vanilla
blockchain enjoys.

5. How it works?
Within the Ino Coin platform, there are several main features that are of interest to
future users. The “like” button is the first such feature as it is intended to allow the
community to vote on what projects should get financial support. This occurs every
three months as our managerial team redirects Ino Coins in order to fund a project.
The second feature is the “boost” button which allows investors to fund projects on
an individual basis. There is no limit as to how much or how little can be invested. Each
project individually details the benefits the investors receive. Ino Coin provides every
single person with a chance to be an investor or innovator. Age, knowledge, wealth, etc.
are not important.

5

At the same time, Ino Coin provides an opportunity to every person with a great idea even
though they don’t have sufficient financial resources.
Ino Coin makes the world a better place as it connects investors with innovators thanks to its
being an investment platform, enabling them to improve upon new or existing technologies.
And all this comes without any taxes. Everyone with a good idea is welcome to share it, and
we will do our best in raising the money required to implement it.
You can register at https://platform.inocoin.eu and choose the role you want to take, either
as an investor or innovator, or both.

Allows the community to vote on
which project should be financed.
Occurs every three months.

Allows investors to fund project on an
individual basis with INO COIN.
Has no limit.

5.1 Assets
Ino Coin is the core utility token that powers the Ino Coin Platform. The token is a standard
ERC20 token. At the heart of the Ino Coin platform are a set of smart contracts called Ino Coin
Chaincode. These serve to coordinate interactions between project participants. Ino Coin
smart contracts are deployed on Ethereum, but can also be linked to other platforms.

6

5.2 Mobile Apps
Our team has developed mobile applications meeting the requirements of the Ino Coin
Investment Platform. We believe that investing should be as easy as possible for potential
investors, unlike the complicated process that comes with the old banking system.
You can use our mobile apps on all major operating systems such as iOS, Android, Windows,
and Linux. You can create your own wallets, introduce your own projects and get funding, or
simply invest in the best startup.

6.Team of developers and experts
Ino Coin enjoys an international team with a vision, ability, innovative thinking, open
mindedness, management skills, marketing knowledge, and developers coming from various
backgrounds such as IT, accounting, finance, Blockchain and more. A complete profile of our
team is available at https://www.inocoin.eu
In Blockchain - We are highly experienced Blockchain developers. As a result, we have built
our platform in the Ethereum blockchain net. This will take investment and crowdfunding to
the next level.
In Finance - Our financial team has a huge amount of experience in the banking sector
and investment area. However, we believe that the future belongs to Blockchain as it will
completely transform the world of investment and entrepreneurship.
In Business - Several big business developers are part of our team. They possess extensive
experience in consulting and helping entrepreneurs grow their business.

7

7. Token supply
Token Supply: 1,000,000,000 INO tokens are available for distribution in cryptocurrency
markets.
•
•
•
•

200,000,000 INO are available to contributors;
10,000,000 INO are bound for the team, advisors, bounties etc;
300,000,000 INO tokens will be kept for financing new projects;
490,000,000 INO tokens will be kept as a reserve and locked for one year, solely to
develop partnerships and future acquisitions.

49%

30%

1%
20%
200.000.000 - Contributors (20% of total)
10.000.000 - Team, advisors, bounties (1% of total)
300.000.000 Financing (30% of total)
490.000.000 Reserve (49% of total)

8.Roadmap
The idea of the project was worked out during Q4 of 2017. Since then we have designed and
developed the investment platform Ino Coin. The Ino Coin token is not like any other, that’s
why we are not following the common Initial Coin Offering (ICO) route. We are aiming to be
listed on the public markets and provide everyone with a chance to be a part of this huge
project.

8

9

9. Ino Platform as the core of our project
As a conclusion, let us point out why the Ino Coin investment platform is superior to
other more conventional means of investing. Our platform allows investors of all sizes to
participate. This is the key factor that differentiates us from the traditional systems which
usually restrict investment opportunities to a small circle of individuals. We are removing
these high barriers for entry.
Using our platform, anyone can invest, regardless of whether it’s $1 or $1,000,000. The
platform is capable of calculating profit as a percentage of investment automatically,
depending on the size of the investment. Ino Coin is a utility token that will be the future of
crowdfunding. After investing in INO, you are able to receive smart services and all kinds of
products from the projects you support.
The Ino Coin Investment Platform places no restrictions on startups. We believe this is the
key to a successful business in the new age. These new ventures need to be innovative
above all else, not constrained by the limits of old ideas. Due to these requirements, the
more interesting and the fresher the idea is, the more likely the project is to secure funding.
If you believe you will struggle to secure investment because your idea is too unproven
or overly optimistic, then you would be an ideal candidate to apply for funding through Ino
Coin. Many of the great innovators of our time were thought to be too forward-thinking at
first, struggling to secure the funding and trust necessary to realize their ideas.
How we implement blockchain advantages in the crowdfunding model? One of the biggest
advantages is the way data is kept in the blockchain. Ino coin uses Ethereum blockchain,
which is the biggest and most advanced decentralised platform to develop dApps. Our
crowdfunding platform relies on transaction logic that is saved on the Ethereum blockchain.
We believe this is the best technical solution because all the transactions are saved forever
and cannot be modified. To us, this is the best way to prove people’s investment in the listed
projects.
In the Ino Coin platform, transactions and investments are secure and trackable. The
blockchain technology is “the third party” of every transaction, so this is the most advanced
and budget-effective way to support the projects. Both sides can be sure that the
transaction is sent, received and logged forever with minimum fees and without any chance
of forgery.
If you have more questions, please go to https://platform.inocoin.eu/faq

10

