Make a different world

INT chain Project White Paper
Version 2.0

2018.04

INT: An economy driven solution to improve the device
interconnection of Internet of Things

Make A different world

INT: An economy driven solution to improve the device
interconnection of Internet of Things
Abstract: INT will build a framework for machines

solutions, and through experiments and projects,
community support as well as confirmatory
development, to make the INT a viable solution.
Through experimental evidence, prototypes and data,
as well as responses to community suggestions and
comments, the content of this paper will be revised
gradually in the future.

and devices, and create a token, which will be used to
facilitate the resource exchange between nodes and
heterogeneous links (different nodes may create
independent internal links). For example, a node may
make a request and pay corresponding tokens to request
other nodes (or links) to provide power, network, data,
service and other possible resources. In addition,

1.2 Background introduction

through zero knowledge proof (specific improvement

Blockchain technology has proved its value in
finance and other fields, but we believe its best usage is
in the field of IoT. Highly distributed IoT field is
especially suitable for blockchain applications.

as necessary), optional masking may be conducted to
protect user privacy and improve security.

1 Preface

At present, there are several issues with current
development of IoT：

The Internet of things has developed rapidly in the
last a few years, however, concerns have been raised
for the standards of communication and data exchanges
among manufacturers, the interests of manufacturers,
user privacy, as well as fragmented model constraint on
the overall IoT development.

(1) Lack of standard
The IoT vendors are very diversified, each holding
their own data silos, so the information flow within the
systems is everything but smooth, while cross-vendor
access and liquidation is hard to implement.

It is expected that more than 25 billion nodes will
be connected on the internet in year 2020, however, if
the interconnection within the whole network is not
smooth, the fragmented Internet of Things would not
fully realize value of the nodes.

(2) Inefficiency
Under the current IoT ecosystem, all the devices
are connected through central cloud server
authentication. The connection between the devices is
handled through the central servers, thus the efficiency
cannot really meet the real-time needs of the IoT.

Without defining a common set of protocol
standards, seeking support from individual
manufacturers is but inefficient and costly. Through
decentralized and economy driven methods, it is a new
way to make standards for device interconnection.

(3) Cost
The infrastructure and maintenance cost of
centralized systems, large servers, cloud service and
network devices is very high. While the number of IoT
devices increases to range of tens of billions, the
additional communication cost also rises exponentially,
which will make the IoT solution very expensive.

1.1 Project objectives
INT is the acronym for In ternetNode Token. INT
attempts to build a scheme that allows data and
resources to flow freely within the network and to
ensure user privacy in untrusted and decentralized
machine federations.

(4) Security risks
Centralized network has very high security
requirements for central servers, and the security
vulnerabilities of IoT nodes will affect the whole
network.

This paper is not a complete and detailed
specification, just a preview of the development intent
of the whole design, which attempts to propose

1

INT: An economy driven solution to improve the device
interconnection of Internet of Things

Make A different world

2.1 Software defined resources

(5) Privacy protection
Existing centralized networks can collect the
user's information at will, and after the user realizes the
value of their data, he or she may not be willing to just
accept the situation. Because the IoT systems have
more private information, including health information,
vehicle driving information etc., the centralized
network cannot be trusted to store that.

There is a fundamental difference between
hardware development and software development.
Because of cost and design constraints, the hardware
resources are generally scarce, so when we want to
add additional costs and provide additional resources in
the hardware, it is relatively hard (for example, to
provide additional computing power and extra external
power supply).

2 Project overview

So the problem we want to solve is not to provide
additional resources, but if the hardware itself is a WIFI,
or a temperature collector, when it needs to provide its
own value to other services or hardware, the
corresponding charging strategy can be proposed. And
the resources we are involved in, according to different
devices, are abstracted from the real world, mapping
existing entities (whether hardware or data) to provide
consistent invocation in the form of services.

The INT project stems from the Apache Mynewt
community practice.
The team initially tried to define hardware through
software to reduce the complexity of hardware
development.
However, even if we define the abstraction layer
of the system, how to form a unified ecosystem
between individual nodes is still a challenge. Later,
through the team brainstorming, the team considers an
economic way to drive the integration of different
systems.

There is no way to add additional functionality
to existing devices, but in a relatively hardware
ecosystem, perhaps we can allow the various devices to
open their own functions, so as to gain more revenue
through the economic-driven. Because the nature of the
standard monopoly is profit, and the tokens themselves
can provide profit, and because of the volatility of the
price of tokens, it may generate additional economic
benefits. Relative income is not less than absolute profit.

INT is a kind of blockchain application platform
and interactive standard which is object-oriented IoT
and based on economic driving mode. The parallel
chain structure is used to form a distributed network
between devices, and a consensus algorithm is adopted
to guarantee the legal trustworthiness of the transaction
between devices. At the same time, different kinds of
devices can be connected to different parallel chains to
avoid the explosive growth of the total ledger.

So we're going to try a new model that drives the
hardware to open itself up by sharing benefits, to get
profits decentrally, rather than through a centralized
monopoly.

The existence of INT can greatly reduce the
development difficulty of the application of the
blockchain of IoT. It can relay different IoT, form edge
computing networks, effectively circulate resources,
and accelerate the progress of IoT popularization. INT
is designed as a scalable heterogeneous chain,
providing a relay chain platform on which a large
number of verifiable, globally consistent and consensus
data structures can be built. In other words, on the basis
of ensuring overall security and cross-chain trust, INT
is committed to making the IoT blockchain into a
networking infrastructure like TCP/IP, which
imperceptibly affects people's lives.

2.2 Monetization of resources
In our definition, we need a steady measurement,
and we do not use INT in the settlement of the IoT, but
use GAS mechanism, which is similar to ETH. Because
devices resource settlement needs a relatively stable
measurement, the resources will be settled in the
following ways:
Price tag type: pay according to the marked price.
Metering type: Pay according to the timeline, or
other dimensions of subsection.
Competitive bidding type: Bid on all devices that
need to invoke the resources.

In order to achieve these objectives, we must do the
following:
2

INT: An economy driven solution to improve the device
interconnection of Internet of Things

Make A different world

algorithm, by passing the user intent (intent) to other
hardware, without the need to pass the user symbol,
which not only can effectively protect the user's privacy,
but also can resolve concerns about the loss of users.

CPP (Cost Per Purchase): Pay based on the end use
of the resource.
Because of the existence of smart contracts, many
traditional architectures which cannot be completed in
a way that can be taken here, and then implement
coordination and interaction, the specific way can be
agreed on the chain in the form of a smart contract.

Our innovative BKP algorithm model uses
unsupervised learning or strategy model and clustering
behavior, through zero-knowledge proof algorithm to
implement user desensitization.

2.3 Resource transaction configuration

This allows for the sharing of resources based on
intent between devices, and does not require users to
share data, which can effectively address user privacy
problem.

Related nodes shall purchase resources in a semiautomatic manner through a custom policy.

2.4 Privacy protection principle
There is also a particularly important problem in
the current IoT: User privacy. The user privacy
protection of IoT is extremely fragile. It is easy to
predict user behavior because of the large amount of
data collected by the sensor. Moreover, for the current
architecture model, even if use the Open ID to
implement user desensitization, as long as analyze
multiple dimensions, it is easy to reverse deduce the
identity of the user. To solve this problem, we try to
adopt our innovative Behavior Private Key (BPK)
algorithm model based on zero-knowledge proof

2.5 Security
Is the device likely to kill like a mechanical bee in
a magic mirror (Black Mirror)? This may not
necessarily be the case, but it must not be a rarity to
drive a automatic car to hit a person into death. The
security of the future IoT is the most important, and the
INT will try to filter the intent through the innovative
BPK algorithm, trying to ensure the user's security.

3 System architecture

Figure 1 INT system architecture

3

INT: An economy driven solution to improve the device
interconnection of Internet of Things

Make A different world

8 Consensus

4 Service

As we known, in consensus algorithm, traditional

Each machine node can shelve corresponding
SKU based on their own wishes, which is to be suitable
for different bidding, sales, distribution strategy,
authority strategy, forming self-discovery of metadata.
This layer is a definition of software services and an
abstraction of hardware services.

DPoS consensus algorithms have started evolving
towards the direction of centralization while deviating
from blockchain’s original intention of decentralization. Therefore, we pragmatically create a new consensus algorithm called Double Chain Consensus Algorithm on the base of deep understanding into the core

5 Trading market

of DPoS consensus algorithm and on the basis of INT
chain’s real application scenarios as well as current

A. Machine automatic matching

development status of IoT devices. The basic architecture is shown in the following diagram:

Through smart contracts and semi dynamic
configuration, for basic services, such as network,
power, calculation, self-discovery, implement plugand-play access.

Wherein, the “thearchy chain” made up of the
servers provided by device manufacturer, community
leader and ecological enterprise is the core of the entire

B. Developer API trading market

architecture. The “thearchy chain” consists of “thearchy nodes” which have come into being through mass

For data and services, a trading system is formed
in the cloud.

election by the method of community poll. Eventually
2n+1 thearchy nodes are produced, and their address
information is written into the thearchy chain’s genesis

6 INT token

block.

INT token will take a two-tier structure. The first
tier is the traditional token structure that participates in
exchange transactions and can be understood as an INT
share. The second tier uses the first tier token structure,
launches a timed auction and float aiming at fiat money,
mainly to solve the problem of token volatility, reduce
volatility which is easy billing.

The primary function of “thearchy chain” is to
perform

block-generation

operation

using

the

dBFT/DPoS consensus algorithm and coordinate with
the work of nodes on the ordinary chains at lower
layers. Specific use of whichever consensus algorithm
is mainly dependent on the quantity of nodes on the
thearchy chain. We are using the dBFT algorithm in
the early phase of the project.

7 Machine node

Following TXs will be retained in the thearchy
chain’s blocks: 1. Node grouping TX; 2. Node work

A node may be a traditional PC server node, or a
STM32 node that is configured tailoring according to
machine performance. IoT is a typical edge fog
computing scenario (Fog Computing). In fact, the
existing blockchain network is not suitable for IoT. In
such a scalable network with high computational power,
how to share computational power, in fact, the core is
also economic-driven, so we need to define an INT
such a solution.

reporting TX, and; 3. Identity authenticating TX.
Among them, the identity authenticating TX is a key to
continuous operation of “thearchy chain”. The identification information with signatures of n+1 thearchies
will appear on the chain. Through this mechanism, the
system can approve new “thearchy nodes” to join in
the “thearchy chain” by vote or kick out manufacturers
that are no longer involved and thearchy nodes that do
not work as normal by vote.

4

INT: An economy driven solution to improve the device
interconnection of Internet of Things

Make A different world

Figure 2: Architecture of Consensus Mechanism Algorithm

Wherein, the “thearchy chain” made up of the servers

In addition to the “thearchy chain”, the entire archi-

provided by device manufacturer, community leader and

tecture will consist of ordinary chains which are made

ecological enterprise is the core of the entire architecture.

up of IoT device nodes of various models produced by

The “thearchy chain” consists of “thearchy nodes” which

numerous different manufacturers, and to which all

have come into being through mass election by the

nodes on the “thearchy chain” will also belong.

method of community poll. Eventually 2n+1 thearchy

The nodes on ordinary chains will continually read

nodes are produced, and their address information is

the information on the “thearchy chain” during opera-

written into the thearchy chain’s genesis block.

tion in order to work with high efficiency. The infor-

The primary function of “thearchy chain” is to

mation mainly includes:

perform block-generation operation using the dBFT/D-

1. Determine which node the next block will be

PoS consensus algorithm and coordinate with the work

generated according to the “thearchy chain” block

of nodes on the ordinary chains at lower layers. Specific

generation information (Blocks on ordinary chains are

use of whichever consensus algorithm is mainly depen-

also generated from thearchy nodes);

dent on the quantity of nodes on the thearchy chain. We

2. On the basis of reading the “thearchy chain”

are using the dBFT algorithm in the early phase of the

information, determine the group to which the current

project.
Following TXs will be retained in the thearchy chain's
blocks: 1. Node grouping TX 2. Node work reporting
TX, and; 3. Identity authenticating TX. Among them, the
identity authenticating TX is a key to continuous operation of “thearchy chain”. The identification information
with signatures of n+1 thearchies will appear on the
chain. Through this mechanism, the system can approve

nodes belong and then determine the block data that
will need to be saved as well as complete the data
fragmentation;
3. Read the legal manufacturers information of
“thearchy chain” and decide the data information
reported on other devices is legitimate or not;
4. Report the operation information of ordinary

new “thearchy nodes” to join in the “thearchy chain” by
vote or kick out manufacturers that are no longer involved
and thearchy nodes that do not work as normal by vote.
5

nodes.

INT: An economy driven solution to improve the device
interconnection of Internet of Things

Make A different world

By this design, there remain only the IoT data

fragmentation of ordinary chains and reducing the

collecting TX and the scalable smart contract operating

performance storage capacity requirements for IoT

TX among the main TXs of ordinary chains, while the

devices becoming blockchain nodes.

consensus algorithm logic and device/data legitimacy
judgment logic are both transferred up to the thearchy

8.1 Consensus Mechanism Process

chain, thereby boosting the stability and celerity of block

The operational process of INTchain consensus
mechanism is shown as below:

generation by ordinary chains while implementing data

Figure 3: Operational Process of Consensus Mechanism

The operational procedure of the whole process is

5. On the basis of their own grouping information,
IOT devices can delete ordinary chain blocks that are

shown as below:
1. Thearchy nodes generate blocks through dBFT

alien to their own group;
6. IoT devices deliver the running log to the thear -

consensus algorithm;
2. The normal nodes running on the server where
thearchy nodes are located generate blocks after the

chy chain through node work report TX in order to
obtain salary income;
7. IoT devices send ordinary TX to each other to

thearchy chain generates blocks;
3. The ordinary nodes running on IoT devices read
the grouping information on the thearchy chain to deter-

call functions or send collected data;
8. What is displayed, by default, on the INT browser is the block information about the ordinary chain;

mine the group to which they belong; IoT devices that
access the network for the first time are also required to
register nodes on the thearchy chain;

9. The INT wallet can submit the ordinary chain
TX to any of the IoT device nodes or to any ordinary

4. On the basis of their own grouping information,

chain node running on thearchy nodes. Standard TX

ordinary nodes on IoT devices select a thearchy node to

reproduced similarly by such means also supports

maintain connection for updating blocks and delivering

anonymous submission by using broadcast;

TX; Such design can boost TX's confirmation speed and
reduce the bandwidth consumption brought about with
TX broadcasting of IoT in narrow-band edge network.

10. On a regular basis, the thearchy chain creates
device grouping TX according to the node information
of registered IoT devices.

6

INT: An economy driven solution to improve the device
interconnection of Internet of Things

Make A different world

8.2 Calculation Separated from Bookkeeping "Mining Mechanism"

3. INT would disclose a salary calculation
algorithm, into which the input is the records of working status of all devices within the current period

After using the double-chain formulaic algorithm,

whereas from which the output is the payroll of each

no IoT device would have the chance to generate

device. Plus, INT would publicize the payroll within

blocks, so there is no way to earn rewards by generating

the publicity period, whereafter the INT foundation

blocks. Although, from the perspective of INT's

would issue INT token on the basis of this payroll. In

economic model design, IoT devices can earn incomes

addition to the calculation of payroll, this salary calcu-

by providing functions and reporting key data, we

lation algorithm can also be iteratively optimized

design a set of incentive mechanism to reward IoT

during each period, thereby identifying any data fraud;

devices (nodes) at normal work in order that the entire
blockchain network can operate more healthily. From

This set of mechanism also addresses the issue that

the perspective of implementation, the current scheme

economic parameters of traditional blockchains are not

being adopted for INT is the wage-paying mechanism

easily modified once set. Moreover, the openness and

“contingent on device’s working conditions”, but we

fairness of core mechanism of blockchain are

give an umbrella name to such mechanism as calcula-

safeguarded through the open algorithm and its input.

tion separated from bookkeeping mechanism in order

8.3 Extending Business Logic Using
Smart Contract

to make a distinction between it and traditional incentives which are based on rewards for block generation.

INTChain delivers a basic capacity, namely differ-

The content of operational core of this mechanism is

ent device manufacturers are allowed to extend the

shown as below:

smart contract operating on their own subchain. But

1. On a regular basis, IoT devices pack their own

considering the hardware capacity of IoT devices,

working status into "node work report TX” to submit to

traditional virtual machine-based methods are not

the thearchy chain. The working status includes "Device

employed to extend smart contract. We call such

Startup", "Device Shutdown", "Device has completed

capacity of extending smart contract TX of blockchain

xxx work" and other information, and extension is

as INT Contract.

supported.

The principle of INT Contract bears relation to the

2. Within a time period, working status of all devices

implementation architecture of INT chain. The imple-

in the entire INT network encompassed on the thearchy

mentation architecture of INT chain is shown as

chain is recorded;

below:

Figure 4: The implementation structure of INT Chain
7

INT: An economy driven solution to improve the device
interconnection of Internet of Things

Make A different world
Each INT subchain is developed based on the same

provide reliable executive source data for INT smart

chain SDK. But different subchains are allowed to

contract at software and hardware levels respectively.

extend their own INT Contract at the TX execution

8.5 Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol

engine layer. Traditional development language

The cross-chain interoperability protocol of the INT

(JavaScript), instead of specialized smart contract VM,

relay-chain will fall into two parts: "cross-chain asset

is used to extend INT Contract and can run directly on

exchange protocol" and "cross-chain distributed trans-

the OS of IoT, featuring high executive performance,

action protocol".

low resource consumption and applicability for the real
execution environment of IoT devices. Moreover, the

(1) Cross-Chain Asset Exchange Protocol

learning cost and engineering cost of INT Contract are

Extended over the double-chain atomic asset

lowered with effectiveness with the use of regular

exchange protocol of INT chain1.0, this allows multi-

development languages.

ple participants to exchange assets on different block-

8.4 Countermeasures against Puzzles on
Source Tracing along the Public Chain

chains and guarantees complete success or failure of
all steps throughout the trading process. To implement
this function, the INT Contract feature needs to be

Logically, it is impossible for matters in the physi-

exploited to create a contractual account for each

cal world to be chained, so a numeric ID is required to

participant. For any other blockchain incompatible

be fabricated for each “matter”, in such form as

with INT Contract, it can remain compatible with

number or QR code. But the correspondence between

INT’s cross-chain protocols as long as a simple smart

such ID and the “matter” hinges on human factors,

contract feature can be delivered.

which allows for considerable subjectivity and scope
for counterfeit. The reliability of tracing the source

(2) Cross-Chain Distributed Transaction Protocol

along blockchain remains deficient.

Cross-chain distributed transaction means multiple

Take Ethereum as an example. The smart contract

steps of an entire transaction whose consistency is

deployed on Ethereum is originally unable to access

secured are implemented on separate blockchains. This

networks beyond blockchain, even impossible to call

is an extension to cross-chain asset exchange, whereby

the Restful API directly in similar ways applications

the behavior of asset exchange is extended into an

are developed. Hence, data sources in the physical

arbitrary behavior. In layman's terms, INT’s relay

world remain significantly inaccessible to blockchain.

chain makes cross-chain smart contract possible. A

This requires an automated tool that can provide

single smart contract can execute different parts across

reliable data sources for smart contract of blockchain.

multiple different blockchains, which are either

Oraclize Company promotes the Oracle tool which

completely executed or return to the status prior to

ensures data are not counterfeited to a certain degree

execution.

through verification of TSL Notary.

8.6 Packaging Methods of Blocks

The above description reveals that the core strategy

Different chains may take either form of chains

to cope with the puzzle in source-tracing application is

generating blocks at high frequency and low time

to minimize human participation and economic

consumption or highly densified blocks. So, different

motives for counterfeit throughout the process from

packaging methods for enclosed blocks are adopted for

collection to processing to transmission-onto-chain of

each parallel chain, and consensus is integrated via the

key source data of “matter”.

relay chain. The consensus integration part will be

The shell of INT chain will develop supporting tools

billed by main nodes.

similar to Oracle for the smart contract module constituted by Software Fetch and Hardware Fetch to

8

INT: An economy driven solution to improve the device
interconnection of Internet of Things

Make A different world

car owners can exploit blockchain to trace IoT devices

8.7 Network Design

(e.g. annual inspection of vehicle, automatic car insur-

IoT is such an extremely special network that there is

ance tracing, etc.) Automatic traveling data exchange

enormously great discrepancy between the requirements

between vehicles. For instance, the source map indicat-

for accuracy of delaying different protocols. So we will

ing traffic congestion transmits data for car owners to

adopt the MQTT method in respect of network architec-

keep track of the real-time traffic condition and imple-

ture and accomplish specific implementation and proto-

ment automatic drive in a safer manner, automated

col amelioration for MQTT to fulfill the demands for

navigation of automobiles, roadside service, etc.;

blockchain.

3Intelligent finance:
In combination with the impossibility of falsification

9 Application Scenarios of INT and
INT DAPP

and authentic right of data implemented for distributed

With the growth of IoT devices at geometrical

cial agencies is secured, issues such as letter of credit,

data of blockchain, the authenticity of data about financorporate obligations and bonds, trading platforms,

progression as well as the improvement in the level of

giving quotation, contract fraud and order fraud can be

intelligence of machines, there will be an increasing

avoided, and traceability in financially safe network is

number of automatically running IoT DAPPs to be

enhanced;

installed on smart devices and real-time, credible
automatic data exchange and automatic transaction will

4Intelligent equipment:

be implemented between machines and between human

Sensors are utilized to trace the conditions of bridges,

and machine via the distributed IoT DAPPs.

roads and power grids, even to help monitor natural

INT will implement data transmission featuring

disasters in remote areas, prevent against massive

direct interconnection between nodes within IoT. IoT

mountain conflagrations, disease and pest damages and

solutions would not require importing large-sized data

other grave catastrophes, implement smart urban

centers for data synchronization, management and

management, prognosticate urban greening and pollu-

control. All operations including the sending of data

tion conditions, and perform maintenance to share

collection instructions and software update can be trans-

high-efficiency urbanized management.

mitted via the network of blockchain. Some typical

Different IoTs are relayed to circulate resources with

application scenarios of INT are:

efficiency while significantly lowering the access

1Intelligent manufacturing:

threshold on IoT, shortening the cycle of development
and reducing risks in application development. It will

Product transport, for instance, in which the products

be extensively applied in respect of intelligent power

can be traced, secured and delivered on schedule even

grid, intelligent logistics, smart home, smart advertising

though cargoes are transferred through multiple material

board, smart city, military appliances, etc. In intelligent

flows; for instance, the data about production, inventory

medical treatment, partnership has been achieved with

management, sales volume of products and inventory

INT’L Medicine, a well-known leading domestic listed

are all recorded in order to be shared between the

enterprise in medical circulation. Having successfully

business and production departments, intensify punctual

addressed such issues as resource waste in drug packag-

production and boost efficiency of operation. Equip-

ing, environmental pollution and difficulty in ensuring

ment and systems in manufacturing are becoming

drug safety during transportation, the INT technology

increasingly intelligent, thereby stepping progressively

and RSPS carried system can not only provide real-time

into a completely virtualized world;

location information but also ensure safety protection

2Intelligent automobile:

for whole-process traceable drug circulation, channel

The automatically running DAPPs in IoT enable

end-to-end business data and boost the efficiency of

vehicles to change into smart application terminals, and

drug circulation.

9

INT: An economy driven solution to improve the device
interconnection of Internet of Things

Make A different world

degree of post-doctoral research at Chinese Academy of

10 Roadmap

Sciences (CAS). He is a young expert in the Next

INT aims to address the issue of value transfer in

Generation (5G) Wireless Communication and IoT

fragmented and dispersed IoT markets. It will be a brand

technology, and he now majors in the applications of

new architectural platform at the bottom layer of IoT

“Blockchain - IoT” technological convergence. He

blockchain featuring decentralization, openness, open

took charge of one of “863” Projects. He has published

source and high efficiency. In the ecosystem, different

multiple papers and applied for several technology

participants can receive the profit at right cost and share

patents.

it with each other. There exists the bonus of fast devel-

Chen Guanghui

opment in both domains of blockchain and IoT.

Chief Development Engineer of INT DAPP. Mr.

As a transparent and open system, INT is expected to

Chen graduated from Fudan University, majored in

promote the development of IoT, without appealing to

Computer Software. He worked in EastCOM and

unification of standards, to drive the interconnection of

Huawei successively. He has rich experience in

different standards by economic means and to form an

communication underlying technologies, system archi-

effective decentralized market.

tecture, R&D project management, software develop-

In the first step of the solution, we will release the

ment, mobile Internet and other fields. From 1993 to

INTchain1.0 by the first quarter of 2018 and, on this

2005, he worked as R&D engineer in the CDMA Switch

base, accomplish code reconstitution and stratification

Development Department, Head of the Testing Depart-

to implement the double chain architecture and create a

ment and Vice General Manager in EastCOM. He

new version INTchain 2.0 to be released by the second

joined Huawei in 2005 and served as Head of the Enter-

quarter for commercial operation among multi- tudinous

prise Communications MKT Department and Head of

cooperative clients.

the Railway Signal Architecture Design Department. In

In the second part, we will build the INT ecosystem,

2012, he started his own business in the direction for the

integrate upstream and downstream enterprises and

mobile phone taxi service market.

scientific research enterprises in IoT, create open

Wang Hongwei

hardware platforms, and apply INT in IoT big data, IoT

Master from Sichuan University, 10 years of experi-

supply chain, finance, intelligent manufacturing and

ence in technology research in IoT; early platform

more industrial domains.

architect for Huochebang; a leader for the first industrial routing AR531 device in Huawei; inventor of the

11 INT team

High-speed Railway Signal 3oo3 Combined Default Security System and Smart Packaging.

The INT team core members include the first batch
of IoT development experts globally, developers with

Michael Zhang

vast experience in communication and large systems,

MBA from National University of Singapore. Bach-

architects for operating systems, and engineers in the

elor from Fudan University. Mr. Zhang has over 20

financial field. The R&D team has a deep understand -

years of experience in IT management and operation in

ing and research and development experience in the

Asia. He is a leading expert in cross-border trade and

fields of IoT signal transmission,

supply chain management.

security system design, blockchain, bottom layer of

Yin Xiangyu

bitcoin, Ethereum, automated value exchanging,

Head of INT China. A diehard fan for the IoT. One

machine learning, the big data technology and so on

of the earliest IoT research and development practi-

11.1 Core Team Members

tioners in China, entrepreneur of successive Internet

Xiang Ruofei

startups and Apache Mynewt code contributor. Mr. Yin

Chief Scientist of INTchain. Dr. Xiang holds the

has participated in the research and development,
10

INT: An economy driven solution to improve the device
interconnection of Internet of Things

Make A different world
application

and

promotion

of

wearable

Kong Huawei Head of Shanghai Sub-institute of the

remote

single-soldier life test instrument based on GPRS, depth

Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy

of anesthesia tester, early diabetic neuropathy tester and

of Sciences and Chief Scientist of Venture Capital

the first WeChat-based IoT device in China - Welomo.

Investment of Zhangjiang Hi-Tech.
Tan Lei Blockchain and big data mining expert,

Zhang Bo

promoter of North America Blockchain Association

Mr. Zhang holds a Mater’s Degree from Huazhong

(NABA), 13 years of service in Microsoft Headquar-

University of Science and Technology. He has 12 years

ters, Master from Duke University, author of books like

of experience in stystem architecture; a leader for

Blockchain 2.0.

DDOS protective devices in H3C; head of the

Ramble Chairman of North America Blockchain

High-speed Railway Signal double 2-vote-2 Security

Association (NABA), Chief Architect for Guiyang

Mechanism in Huawei; architect for the first industrial

Blockchain Financial Regulation Sandbox, Chairman

routing software in Huawei and metro system ATP&

of Guiyang Blockchain Finance Incubator, Founder of

ATO system.

GooCoin and SWFT.

Zhang Hangjun

Roy Li Celebrated network security and IoT expert.

Graduated from Hangzhou Dianzi University, 11

Zhao Yafu Director of Risk Management of Guangdong Zhuo Tai Ci Capital Ltd.

years of experience in hardware development; in charge
of R&D of 10+ EMC testing devices; head of the first

Liu Jinhua CPA, CTA, Co-partner of Shandong

industrial routing hardware in Huawei, in charge of

Shixin Certified Public Accounts Firm, accounting and

R&D of vehicle-mounted, CBI and rail-side signal

tax consultant for several listed companies, former

system hardware of high-speed railway, metro system

of-ficial of Shandong Provincial State Taxation Bureau.

and tramcars.

Mo Lei Partner of Guangdong ETR Law Firm.

Xu Chun

11.3 INT Angel Investment Team

Master from China Jiliang University. Worked

Wang Dou Founding partner of Silicon Valley Geek

successively in Huawei and CETC, an expert in

Capital and Link Capital

software system engineering and highly reliable and
secure system design. When he worked in Huawei, Mr.

Liang Junzhang Co-founder of Kinzon Capital.

Xu was in charge of design and development of

Li Jiaxuan Co-founder of Future Fund.

high-speed railway signal systems and the RBC system;

Huang Zhiyi Co-founder of Sino-US Venture Capi-

when he worked in the IoT Research Institute of the

tal.

CETC, he was in charge of the project of Smart Zhili in
Huzhou and other projects and he was the technology

Luo Wen Chairman of iwali Technology.

chief in charge of top-layer planning, network deisgn,

Zhou You Director of Hangzhou Shunwang Tech-

applications, deployment and development of hardware

nology Co Ltd, Chairman of Fuyun Technology.

terminals, etc.

Lin Shirong Founder of Enhou Investment.
Zheng Zhiping Founder of aizhan.com.

Chen Yuqi

Lin Xirong Co-founder of ITB CAPITAL.

School of Mathematics of Sun Yat-sen University,
former development engineer of the distributed system

11.4 Team achievement

of SouFun.com and contributor Google Brillo code.

· China's first generation remote single soldier life
status detection wearable clothing based on GPRS

11.2 Advisors to the Team

11

INT: An economy driven solution to improve the device
interconnection of Internet of Things

Make A different world
· China's first depth of anesthesia tester concept
products

the alliance blockchain. Some INT will be converted
into other forms of equity assets for project operation if
necessary.

· PHS products, communication platform and

12.3 Financial management explanation

communication protocol system

Financial management of the INT Foundation

· The first CDMA switch in China

follows the principle of comprehensive management,

· HUAWEI's first industrial routing hardware,

frugality and practical results orientation. INT Founda-

AR531

tion assets management is included in the all-round

· High speed rail signal 3oo3 combination fault and

budget management and financial operating budgets are

safety system

made based on actual operational conditions. Annual
financial operating budget shall be submitted to the

· H3C 100 G class DDOS protective device

Autonomous Committee for review; monthly financial

· HUAWEI high speed rail signal Double 2-vote-2

budget shall be re-viewed by the Execution Committee.

2security system

The Financial Management Center is responsible for

· Chinese subway ATP&ATO system

preparation and execution of reports and make disclosure on a quarterly basis. INT Foundation will engage

· Interbank settlement blockchain application

third-party auditing to supervise financial operation of

system

the project, audit capital and prepare auditor’s reports

· In 2016, the test of a vehicle connecting blockchain

which will be announced in annual information disclo-

application “Automatic Traffic Interchange System”

sure. Financial statement disclosure channel: https://in-

based on ETH was successful.

tchain.io/

12.4 Progress Disclosure

12 INT Foundation

The promotion team of the INT project commits

INT Foundation is a non-profit organization which is

makes a commitment to manage crow-funding encrypt-

established for supporting IoT application projects

ed digital assets in the principle of dedication, integrity

based on INT platform.

and prudence and diligence. In order to protect inves-

12.1 The Governance of INT Fund Committee

tors’ interests, strengthen management and efficient use
of INT and promote healthy development of the INT
project, the information disclosure system is adopted

INT Fund Alliance Committee adopts the alliance

for the INT project. INT hopes to standardize digital

rotating chairmanship, in which a chairperson-in-office

asset management, improve self-discipline in the block-

will be elected by voting every other year and hold

chain industry and enhance transparency of manage-

his/her office for only one tenure. The Committee has

ment of encrypted digital assets on blockchain by

several management centers, including Blockchain

setting itself as an example to safeguard long-term

Technology Development Center, Blockchain Commer-

development of the blockchain industry.

cialization Center, Financial Management Center, Risk
Control and Management Center and General Affairs

INT will disclose a quarterly report within two

Management Center, which give guidance for work in

months as of completion of each quarter and prepare

their respective business departments.

and disclose an annual report within three months as of
the date of each fiscal year (i.e. December 31 every

12.2 Capital Source and Management

year).Contents of these reports include but not limited

The capital used for maintaining the operation of the

to technology development milestones and progress of

INT project mainly originates from batch-based venture

the INT project, application development milestones

investment into underlying assets INT token as well as

and progress, digital asset management, duty perfor-

membership dues, donations, etc. paid by members of

mance of the team, financial conditions, etc.
12

INT: An economy driven solution to improve the device
interconnection of Internet of Things

Make A different world

13 Disclaimer

INT will disclose important temporary information
of the INT project in a real-time manner on an irregular

This document is meant only for conveying infor-

basis, including but not limited to major cooperations,

mation and does not constitute an opinion on the trading

any change to core team members, lawsuits involved

of INT token. Any such proposal shall be carried out

INT, etc. INT will disclose information and financial

under a trustworthy provision and with the permission

statements on its official website https://intchain.io/.

of the applicable securities law and other relevant laws,

12.5 Advisory committee

and the above information or analysis shall not consti-

INT will invite domestic and foreign experts

tute investment decisions or specific recommendations.

engaged in the field of blockchain industry for many

This document does not constitute any investment

years, notables with rich experience in work perfor-

suggestion, investment proposal or abetted investment

mance, legal entertainment culture and other profession-

in relation to any form of securities. This document

als, and people familiar with government policy to form

shall neither constitute nor be construed as any behavior

a third-party expert advisory committee, and to provide

of providing any buying and selling or any behavior of

consultants, assistant decision-making, and other

inviting to buy and sell any form of securities, and it

outside brain staff, including:

shall not be a contract or commitment in any form.

1) Demonstrate and guide the team's work plan and

INT has made it clear that users with relevant inten-

major projects, assist the project development planning

tions have had explicit knowledge about the risks of

and design;

INT platforms and that, investors, once involved in any
investment, are deemed as having known about and

2) Undertake projects of government research and

accepted the risks of this project and being ready to

industry commission to carry out industry research;

undertake every corresponding result or consequence

3) Organize the research on the hotspot issues of IoT

for their investment.

and blockchain, and provide consulting services for the

INT token is a digitally encrypted currency used on

team;

INT platforms. When this paragraph is being compiled,

4) Strengthen the exchange of information, regularly

INT token remains unable to purchase relevant goods or

hold industry forums, guest discussions, academic

services. We cannot guarantee that the INT currency is

exchanges, etc.

bound to appreciate, instead it may also depreciate

INT Expert Advisory Committee includes the

under certain conditions.

following experts: Kong Huawei, Director of Shanghai

INT token is neither an ownership nor a control

Institute of Computing, China Academy of Sciences

power. Any control over INT token does not represent

(CAS); Xiang Ruofei, CAS post-doctoral expert in

the control power over INT or its application. INT token

blockchain; Zheng Zhiping, Founder of aizhan.com and

does not empower anybody to involve in such control or

expert in network marketing; Zhao Yapu, risk control

make any decision on INT and its application.

supervisor of Guangdong Zhuotai Investment Management Co., Ltd.

14 Risk Statemen

12.6 INT Legal Counsel

14.1 Risk of Loss of INT token due to Loss
of Certificate

The INT Foundation will employ well-known
international law firms as an INT project legal
advisor to provide comprehensive legal services
for the design of the digital asset transaction
structure, operational compliance, legal wind
control system design, and overseas legal advice
for the INT project.

Each buyer will have a corresponding INT account
after allocation of the INT token. The only way to
access this INT account is a related login credential
chosen by each buyer. The loss of such credential will
result in loss of INT token. The best way to store a login
credential securely is to securely store it in one or more
13

INT: An economy driven solution to improve the device
interconnection of Internet of Things

Make A different world

official versions. It is possible to fail any expecta-

places rather than any public place or a place where a
stranger will show up.

tion or imagination of the INT itself or buyers for the

14.2 Risks Associated with Core Protocols
of Ethereum

functions or forms (including participants’ behaviors)
of INT applications or INTcoin. This can happen
because of any analysis with error or any change to

Before the launch of the main blockchain of INT,

underlying design.

INT token is developed based on Ethereum ERC20

14.7 Risk of Hacking or Theft

Protocol. Therefore, any fault incurred by the core
protocol of Ethereum, unpredictable functional failure

It is possible that any hacker or organization or

or incurred attack will possibly cause INT token to stop

country or region tries to interrupt INT applications or

working or lose functions in an unexpected way. For

INTcoin functions in any way, including service attacks,

further information about Ethereum protocols, please

Sybil attacks, guerrilla attacks, vicious software attacks

visit http://www.ethereum.org

or consistency attacks, etc.

14.3 Risks Associated with Buyer's Credential

14.8 Loophole Risk or Risk of Vigorous
Development of Cryptography

Any third-party that acquires a buyer’s login creden-

INTcoin might be lost due to development of

tial or private key is likely to control his/her INTcoin

cryptography by leaps and bounds or development of

directly. To minimize this risk, buyers are expected to

other related sciences and technologies, like develop-

protect their electronic devices to prevent admittance of

ment of quantum computers, or decoding risks brought

any unverified access request and any access to contents

to encrypted tokens and INT platform.

in such devices.

14.9 Risk of Lack of Maintenance or Use

14.4 Risks Associated with Judicial Regulation

Buying INTcoin shall be considered as support for
and investment in the application and development of

The blockchain technology has become a main

the IoT rather than speculation. INTcoin may have

target of regulation in major countries and regions. If a

considerable market value in a certain period of time

competent authority for regulation exerts influence, INT

and enable early investors to make promising earnings.

applications or INT token will be impacted. For exam-

However, if the INT platform is not well maintained or

ple, statutes restricts the use and sale of electronic

used sufficiently, such appreciation is not of much

tokens.

practical significance.

14.10 Risk of Loss due to Lack of Insurance

14.5 Risk of Lack of Attention to INT
Applications

Unlike bank accounts or accounts with other finan-

It is possible that INT applications are not used by a

cial institutions, storage in an INT account or Ethereum

large number of individuals or organizations. This

network is normally uninsured. Any loss under any

means that the public is not interested enough to develop

circumstances is not underwritten by any open organi-

and grow these related distributed applications. This

zation or individual.

phenomenon of lack of interest may have negative influ-

14.11 Other Unpredictable Risks

ence on INTcoin and INT applications.

Cryptographic token is an emerging technology.

14.6 Risk of INT Related Applications or
Products Failing to Meet the Expectations of
INT Itself or Buyers

Besides the risks elaborated herein, there are also some
risks which are unpredictable by the blockchain industry itself and the INT team. For further information,
please visit INT’s official website: https://Intchain.io

INT applications are still in development and they
may be changed significantly before the release of

14

INT: An economy driven solution to improve the device
interconnection of Internet of Things

Make A different world

Tolerance algorithm consensus mechanism. It is a

Definitions

consistency algorithm for message delivery, wherein

[1] Bitcoin: Bitcoin is a virtual currency and it is not

consistency is achieved through three stages to deter-

issued by relying on a certain currency organization; but

mine the final generation of blocks. In the case that

rather, it is generated through a huge amount of comput-

there are 3f+1 nodes, such algorithmic mechanism

ing according to a certain law. Bitcoin uses the distribut-

decides f fault nodes can be tolerated to exist without

ed database constituted by many nodes in the entire P2P

making any difference to the consistency result. Such

network to confirm and record all trading behaviors and

mechanism can be independent from the existence of

guarantees security of all parts of the currency circula-

tokens. Consensus nodes can be constituted by the

tion process by leveraging cryptographic design.

participatory and supervisory parties. The shared delay

[2] IoT: Internet of Things, i.e. network links

for 2 to 5 seconds can basically fulfill commercial

between things.

requirements.

[3] Apache Mynewt: an open-source community

[13] ZKP: zero knowledge proof, a concept put

project promoted by the Apache Software Foundation

forward by S.Goldwasser, S. Micali and C. Rackoff in

(ASF).

the 1980s, It means that a prover enables a verifier to
believe that a certain conclusion is correct without

[4] Mynewt: a real-time operation system focusing

providing any useful information to the verifier.

on IoT applications, including low power consumption
bluetooth (BLE50) wireless transfer protocol stack

[14] PoA: Proof of Activity.

NimBLE; latest stable version 100-b1.

[15] POW: Proof of Work.

[5] DAPP: Decentralized Application.

[16] POS: Proof of Stake. It is a consensus mecha-

[6] DAC: Decentralized Autonomous Corporation.

nism upgraded from the PoW. It controls the duration of

[7] Distributed Ledger.

mining based on how many tokens a node owns and
how long it holds a token; it can effectively shorten

[8] Fog Computing: in this model, data, (data)

mining time, but it does not avoid the issue of waste of

processing and applications concentrate in devices at the

computing resources of miners.

edge of the network rather than almost all of them

[17] DPOS: Delegated Proof of Stake. For its princi-

storing in the cloud. It is an extended concept of Cloud

ple, a token selects a certain number of nodes through

Computing.

voting and completes verification and bookkeeping for

[9] Hash: a classic technology in cryptography. An

them. This consensus mechanism can significantly

input with a random length is turned into an output

reduce the number of nodes which participate in book-

composed of letters and numbers with fixed length

keeping and verification so as to achieve rapid consen-

through hash algorithm.

sus verification. However, it also relies on the existence

[10] Hash/s (H/S for short): a computing perfor-

of the token and this limits some applications which do

mance parameter, i.e. the number of hashes processed

not need the existence of the token.

per second. 100MH/S means it is able to process 100

[18] ERC20: the ERC20 Token is a common

million hashes every second.

exchange standard for ETH wallet, allowing developers

[11] Merkle Tree: it is a double-fork tree, composed

of wallets, exchange and other smart contracts to know

of a set of leaf nodes, a set of middle nodes and a root

the way a new mark operates based on this standard in

node.

advance. In this way, they can design their own applications to take care of these tokens without waiting for

[12] PBFT: Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance,

any update to a new token system.

which is also known as the Practical Byzantine Fault

15

INT: An economy driven solution to improve the device
interconnection of Internet of Things

Make A different world
[19] ERC223: the ERC20 Token is unable to send
tokens to a contract which is incompatible with them.
This is the reason for why there is a risk of loss of some
capital. The ERC223 Token will introduce a new
function to the existing ERC20 standard to prevent any
unexpected transfer.
[20] Raspberry Pi: Rpi for short. It is a mini computer of credit card size designed for learning computer
programming education and its system is based on
Linux.
[21] Arduion: a convenient, flexible and easy-to-use
open-source prototype platform. It includes hardware
(various models of Arduino boards) and software (Arduino IDE). It is developed by an European development
team in the winter of 2005.

References
A. Tapscott, D. Tapscott, How blockchain is changing finance, Harvard Business Review, 2017.
T. Stein, Supply chain with blockchain—showcase
RFID, Faizod, 2017.
S. Nakamoto, Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer electronic cash
system, Bitcoin.org, 2009.
R. Hackett, The financial tech revolution will be
tokenized, Fortune, 2017.
D. Bayer, S. Haber, W. S. Stornetta, Improving the
efficiency and reliability of digital timestamping,
Sequences II: Methods in Communication Security and
Computer Science, 1993.
A. Legay, M. Bozga, Formal modeling and analysis
of timed systems, Springer International Publishing AG,
2014.
A. Back, Hash cash—a denial of service counter-measure, Hashcash.org, 2002.
B. Dickson, Blockchain has the potential to revolutionize the supply chain, Aol Tech,

16

