INTERNET OF PEOPLE
create your own ...

A bst rac t
Online identity is a mess. Despite the Internet’s reputation for anonymity, it is virtually
impossible to perform any action online with true privacy. At the same time, processes for
willingly verifying identity or other claims are cumbersome, unintuitive, and reliant on a
handful of centralized providers or imperfectly replicated versions of offline systems.
Internet of People (IOP) is building on fundamentals provided by organizations such
as W3C to provide decentralized self-sovereign identity and trust solutions via an
interdependent ecosystem of open protocols, decentralized tools, and services built with
the latest cryptographic technologies and secured by the Hydra blockchain and token.
Once complete, the IOP stack will give users full control over their identities and their
personal and professional connections. Anyone can use IOP to present verifiable claims
without the need for a third party or compromising their privacy. This has the potential to
revolutionize a wide range of industries, as well as providing access to proof of identity,
credentials, and ownership to billions of currently underserved people.
Simple yet powerful tools will allow businesses and institutions to connect directly with
their target customer base without the costs, hassle, and security and regulatory liabilities
associated with harvesting and storing unnecessary data.
Among other business use cases, this will pave the way for a new kinds of verifiable
credentials and tools for requesting and sharing them in a way which matches current user
and business needs, while also opening up these markets to the huge numbers of people
across the world who currently lack access to these services.

2

A b o u t t h is
D o cum en t
This document serves as an introduction to Internet of People and the individual technologies
and protocols created for the IOP stack. It explains the motivation and vision behind the
IOP project and gives a high-level overview of the technology behind the IOP stack. You
are reading v1.1 of this document, which was created on 2019-08-06. To access the latest
version of this document visit https://iop.global/whitepaper/.
If you would like to learn more, visit our website https://iop.global/.

Co nten ts
Abstract

2

About this Document

3

Contents

3

Introduction

4

Summary of the IOP Stack

9

Design Principles

12

Who Is the IOP Stack for?

14

How IOP Works

16

Relevant Markets

29

Development Plan

35

Getting Started

39

References

40

3

I nt ro d u c t ion

Chapter Pages

Our identity defines who we are as individuals. Some details of our identity we keep private.
Some we share with those closest to us. Others we happily share with our colleagues, our
neighbours, or even the whole world. Everyone has different preferences here, and these
decisions should be ours and ours alone.
Identity is fundamentally linked to the concept of credentials and verifiable claims.
Whether it’s applying for a job or a loan, buying or renting a house, travelling abroad, or
simply visiting a bar, we often need a way to prove certain claims about ourselves, for
example that we are old enough to buy alcohol or have authorization to cross a border.
Offline, the process is familiar to most of us. We have some physical document, such as a
passport or a birth certificate, provided by some issuer with authority to confer the status
granted by that document, such as a government or an examination board. We then show
this document to an inspector who we need to prove a claim to, for example a border official
when travelling to a foreign country, or a bartender when buying alcohol. This inspector then
applies some process to verify the document, either themself or via a third-party verifier. If
the claim is deemed valid, access is then granted to the requested product, good, or service.
But online, this process is less clear. There is still no good digital analogue for physically
showing a paper credential to a human verifier.

A Broken System
The challenge surrounding the provision of digital verified claims may seem unintuitive,
because so many online interactions involve sharing and viewing various files and other
information. But the offline claim verification process has several key features which may
not be immediately apparent and which are hard to replicate online.
First, in most cases offline claim verification involves human judgment. Verifiers know what
identification documents look and feel like, and they use their experience and contextual
clues about the document and the interaction to decide whether it is real or not. As the
likelihood of forgery and the consequences of an error increase, it is necessary to apply more
checks and employ people with more experience and finely honed judgement. The doorman
at a bar needs to know less about passports than a border control agent, for example. You

4

I n t ro d u c t ion

Chapter Pages

need to provide more credentials and supporting documentation to apply for a mortgage
than for a credit card.
Although many of these processes are now aided by technology, they still involve humans
in an auditing or oversight role. These processes don’t easily transfer to situations where
machines are both presenting and verifying claims and the process is fully automated.
A common fix has been to try and import offline credentials into the online realm. There are
various third-party verification services which lets users scan their credentials or connect
to a human verifier via video link. But such systems are slow, expensive, and force users to
give up control of their data.
A second major problem is secure transmission of data. In many cases of offline claim
verification, the person making the claim and the person verifying it are both physically
present. When documents are sent remotely, this usually occurs via a trusted transmission
process, such as registered post or a company’s internal logistics system. Online, this
system often breaks down. It is surprisingly hard to definitively prove that the claim being
transmitted and the one being received are the same, or that the people and institutions we
are communicating with are who they say they are.
The current solution is to use asymmetric cryptography combined with a limited number
of trusted certificate authorities. But this places an unacceptable amount of control in the
hands of just a few organizations. Why should these organizations be the only ones we
trust to provide and set the cost of certification services?
We need a better way to provide claim verification online.

A Decentralized Solution
Part of the problem has simply been standardization. With an agreed specification for
machine-readable credentials and identification, many of the current problems could be
reduced. But the bigger issue is always the reliance on a small number of trusted third
parties at every stage of the process: from the issuance of credentials to their transmission
and verification.

5

I nt ro d u c t ion

Chapter Pages

Digital signatures based on asymmetric cryptography have powered the web and most of
our digital communication for decades now. What has been missing is a way to combine this
secure communication with a decentralized source of trust. Blockchain provides that source.
Some progress has already been made in this arena. The World Wide Web Consortium
(W3C) specifications for decentralized identifiers (DIDs) provide a clear standard for using
blockchain to secure the decentralized claim verification process [1,2,3].
But these solutions are still rudimentary, and do not provide the levels of flexibility, usability,
and familiarity needed to attract a broad user base and attract people away from the
centralized platforms.
To address these problems and more, the Internet of People is creating a full decentralized
stack built on self-governed identity, combining a specific implementation of the W3C’s DID
specification on a public blockchain with a state-of-the-art consensus mechanism, as well as
allowing issuance and verification of verifiable claims using user-friendly tools. Once users
have established their identity, IOP will provide fully private peer-to-peer communication to
connect users without the possibility of third-party interference.
This will not only streamline existing processes — it will also open up a whole host of
new markets and business opportunities, and provide access to billions of people who are
currently underserved or entirely neglected by existing systems.

Overlooked Billions
Despite its familiarity, the offline process isn’t actually a good model to emulate. Like online,
in the offline claim verification process issuing authorities act as gatekeepers for services
and processes in a way that restricts choice and freedom. In addition to being vulnerable to
theft, damage, and loss, identifying documents and the services surrounding them are often
extremely expensive, effectively gating access to basic human freedoms such as travel and
property ownership. Even more fundamentally, it isn’t always clear why issuing authorities
should have the control they do: for example, why should something as basic as proving
your existence and chosen identity require a birth certificate issued by a hospital?

6

I n t ro d u c t ion

Chapter Pages

We have become so accustomed to these systems that we no longer notice how unintuitive
and restrictive they often are.
Billions of people around the world do not even have access to offline verification systems.
Perhaps they cannot afford them, or their government issues or revokes them based on
unfair criteria. Sometimes provision is sparse and people simply live too far away from the
nearest third-party issuer or verifier.
People in these scenarios are often trapped in a vicious circle of arbitrary bureaucratic
dependencies. Without certain documentation it can be impossible to enter the financial
system and obtain basic services such as a bank account. But without a bank account it is
impossible to have a verifiable credit history, which restricts access to loans, property, and
even employment.
Billions of people are denied access to travel, financial services, and many more services
which many of us take for granted, or are forced to pay excessive costs to secure them.
Thanks to the rapid rise of mobile technology and the decentralized self-sovereign identity
IOP provides, these people can finally access the same opportunities as the rest of the world,
and businesses which operate on top of IOP will have access to a receptive and previously
untapped market.

Privacy
Not all user data is alike. It sits on a spectrum from abstract to specific, depending on how
easy it is to correlate that information with a particular individual. Privacy also sits on a
spectrum, and most people have different attitudes to what information they are and aren’t
willing to share, and with whom.
Abstract, non-correlatable information includes data like being over 21 years of age, being
male, liking Italian food, and so on. This information is often useful for assessing preferences,
conducting broad research, and performing filtering and targeting, but cannot easily be used
to identify specific individuals.

7

I nt ro d u c t ion

Chapter Pages

Then there are more specific demographic variables such as date of birth, city of birth, height,
university attendance, and so on. These data points are narrow enough to be very useful
in all kinds of situations, but still apply to a lot of individuals, making it hard to compromise
individual privacy. Note, however, that only a few data points at this level of specificity can
be enough to narrow things down to a single individual [4].
Finally, there is highly correlatable information such as passport and other identification
numbers, fingerprints and other biometric data, credit card numbers, and so on. This data is
usually associated with just a single individual, so it is extremely hard to maintain or regain
privacy if this data is compromised.
Ideally, claim verification should occur at the most abstract possible level. However, this is
rarely the case. Offline, the limited number of physical credentials we have available can often
force us to overshare: a passport or driving license contains far more verified information
than your age, for example. And while a bartender doesn’t need to know your country of
birth or your home address to decide if they can legally sell you alcohol, there is no way to
withhold this data when using these credentials.
Online the problem is even worse, with many interactions requiring the user to reveal far
more information than is necessary. Even something as simple as logging into the WiFi in a
cafe can require users to divulge their name, email address, birthdate and in some countries
even passport details, even though this could easily be managed using only non-correlatable
data.
Even more insidious is the “one-click” approach of logging in with an existing account, most
commonly Facebook, Twitter or all-purpose apps such as LINE or WeChat. In exchange for
this convenience, many users do not realize that they are sharing significant amounts of
personally identifying data.

8

S um mar y of t h e
I OP Stac k

Chapter Pages

The IOP stack is a bottom-up and multi-layer architecture with different tiers and several
layers of bundled projects and other technologies for different purposes and apps. Each
project consists of an independent and complete core protocol which follows specific design
guidelines. The goal is to write each protocol in a modular fashion and make each into a de
facto standard to be used for the middle-tier programs and top-tier applications that will
later run on top.
Prometheus
App & SDK

Mercury
p2p Communications
& Social Interactions

Morpheus
Decentralized IDs &
Veriﬁable Claims

Hydra Blockchain

Athena
Credentials &
Education

Fides
Reputation

Themis
Contracts &
Arbitration

Plutus
Governance &
Public Services
Titania
Operating System

Our Morpheus technology allows every user to create a collection of cryptographically
secure identifiers based on the W3C specification for Decentralized Identifiers (DIDs).
Morpheus DIDs will be secured by the Hydra blockchain. Our blockchain has its own token,
called Hydra, which is often abbreviated as HYD or using the symbol Ħ.

9

S u mmar y of t h e
I OP Stac k

Chapter Pages

Personal data never touches the blockchain in IOP, because Morpheus DIDs are fully
pseudonymous. Instead, users build a portfolio of claims based on their Morpheus DIDs
which can be selectively disclosed, forming contextually unrelated personas. Users can
even create different personas for each of their relations, resulting in pairwise-unique
identifiers. This collection of personas forms a coherent digital identity, while different
personas seem completely unrelated to unauthorized third parties.
To prevent information leakage when claims are sent and verified, IOP provides fully private
peer-to-peer communication via its Mercury protocol. All user data is encrypted by default,
and Mercury uses two-way authentication based on Morpheus DIDs to ensure both parties
can be sure who they are communicating with. A network of secure Home nodes supports
this communication network and provides additional services such as secure storage.
Extending the concept of claims, users can
also form relations between personas,
which can be both public and private. These
relations will combine to form a social
network that cannot be controlled by a
single entity. We call this the Open Social
Graph.
Accessibility
Prometheus,

will
a

be

ensured

multi-purpose

via
app

designed to be users’ central hub in the
world of IOP, providing them with an easyto-use interface to access their key vault,
credentials, claims, relations, and contacts.
Building on these fundamentals, any user or device will be able to use IOP technology to
connect, interact, and transact freely and securely.

10

S um mar y of t h e
I OP Stac k

Chapter Pages

IOP has already made significant progress towards achieving its goals, with several key
technologies in the testing phase or already complete. This also includes Titania, the world’s
first crypto-focused operating system, which is currently available for download and testing.
Once the main components of the IOP stack are complete, we plan to further develop it
with technologies that will help more users access our decentralized technologies and
give businesses and institutions more opportunities to provide services based on privacy,
identity, and verifiable claims.
These projects include Athena, an educational network connecting academic institutions
and learners to provide verified credentials, educational materials and scientific cooperation;
Fides, a decentralized trust and reputation management system built on cryptographically
verifiable interactions between personas; Themis, an arbitration and dispute-resolution
system built on top of verifiable agreements and a domain-specific smart contract language
which will be accessible to both lawyers and laymen; and finally Plutus, a governance system
that allows users to shape and influence their local communities.

11

D e s ign
P r inc iples

Chapter Pages

Established in 2016, Internet of People is an open-source project dedicated to ensuring
everyone has access to a self-sovereign identity and the tools to transact, communicate, and
express themselves online. Our technology supports a host of familiar and unprecedented
use cases and business opportunities such as social networking and verifiable credentials,
all without the rampant centralization, indiscriminate data commoditization, and erosion
of personal privacy which are causing users to distrust and abandon today’s centralized
platforms.
The core components of our stack will be created using the Rust programming language,
which guarantees memory safety and thread safety using compile-time checks with zero
runtime overhead, preventing a whole class of the most common and devastating bugs
which plague the computing industry [5,6]. However, Rust creates a high barrier of entry for
developers, so we are also ensuring accessibility by providing tools to create applications on
top of the IOP stack using the most familiar programming languages.
In order to promote and preserve these values, all IOP development follows a number of
strict guiding principles1:

1 Some of the IOP design principles have been adapted from similar principles adopted by the W3C [1]

12

D esign
P r inc iples
Decentralization

Chapter Pages

IOP technology is designed to eliminate centralized authorities,
bottlenecks, and single points of failure in relation to identity
and all forms of social interaction.

Self-Sovereignty

IOP technology gives users the power to directly own and
control their digital identities and relations without the need to
rely on external authorities.

Privacy

IOP employs privacy by design, providing tools to control
users’ privacy of information, including minimal, selective, and
progressive disclosure of attributes or other data.

Security

IOP uses state-of-the-art technology to provide users with the
security to depend on our technologies in their daily lives.

Interoperability

IOP technologies follow existing standards where possible to
take full advantage of existing solutions.

Modularity &

IOP’s technologies are designed in a modular fashion to allow

Extensibility

parallel development, extensions by third parties and to promote
freedom of choice.

Portability

IOP aims to be system and network-independent, so users can
use our technology on any system.

Transparency

IOP is open source and all technologies will be submitted to peer
review.

Accessibility

IOP provides technologies that can be used by everyone at
minimal costs.

Simplicity

IOP technology is designed to be as simple as possible to
promote usability and third-party development.

13

W ho I s t h e IO P
St ac k for ?

Chapter Pages

The short answer is everyone.
In the long term, we hope the IOP stack will give everyone access to a self-sovereign
identity that can never be revoked, as well as providing new kinds of verifiable digital
credentials and a new relation-based rather than platform-based approach to content
delivery and social media.
In addition, IOP’s user-centric and decentralized approach to identity and verifiable claims
can finally make identity and credentials services available to billions of underserved and
overlooked people across the globe, while improving efficiency, security, and privacy for
those ill-served by current centralized models.
These are lofty goals, but IOP also has numerous immediate and short-term applications.
Developers, companies, and investors with the foresight to see the coming shift in power
back to users can get in at the ground level of an application and platform ecosystem that,
by prioritizing user privacy and security, actually provides greater efficiency and returns on
invested time and resources.
While it will take some time for digital decentralized educational credentials to become
widely accepted, universities and other academic institutions can already start to add
blockchain-based credentials to supplement their existing approaches. This is particularly
useful in developing countries, where current auditing standards are often insufficient, and
indeed IOP is already working with several institutions across the world to improve the
visibility and reputation of their qualifications.
Using Morpheus personas to create platform-agnostic relations, IOP’s open social graph
will shift the power in social media away from platform owners and back to users and
content creators. The vast numbers of people from all sides of the political spectrum who
have grown disillusioned with the inconsistent and unethical behavior of the major social
media and content platforms can all find a home at IOP.

14

Who Is t h e I OP
Stac k for ?

Chapter Pages

IOP’s Mercury protocol uses two-way authentication based on Morpheus DIDs to deliver
true peer-to-peer communication which cannot be disrupted or spied upon. People who
live in countries with aggressive social media censorship policies will finally have a way to
connect, communicate, and create freely and safely.
Titania OS is already complete and ready to try. In the medium-term we hope Titania will
provide people all across the world a secure and low-cost gateway to a secure and private
online world.
With these fundamentals in place, the projects at the upper levels of the stack will support
the development of an ecosystem of apps and services to take IOP’s decentralized identity
and claim verification technologies mainstream, from universities to boardrooms and indeed
living rooms around the world.

15

H ow IOP Wor ks

Chapter Pages

IOP provides users with decentralized, self-sovereign identifiers which cannot be revoked by
any third party. These unique identifiers can then be augmented with personal information
by making them the subject of cryptographically verifiable claims, forming contextually
separate personas that together make up the user’s digital identity. On top of this secure
foundation, IOP establishes a network for secure peer-to-peer communication and
decentralized services.
To encourage mass adoption, it is important that establishing an identity and using the claim
verification process be simple, cheap, and user friendly, all while preserving user privacy. To
achieve this, IOP employs a variety of new and existing technologies.

Decentralized Identity with Morpheus1
Morpheus uses decentralized identifiers (DIDs) based on the W3C standard. DIDs are a form
of URL and resolve to DID Documents. These DID documents contain information about
the DID, such as a list of public keys or other information which can be used to verify the
identity of someone trying to act on behalf of this DID. DID documents may also contain
information on any service endpoints the controller of the DID wants to advertise. Crucially,
DID documents contain no personal data and DIDs are therefore pseudonymous identifiers.
Users may register any number of unique decentralized identifiers (DIDs) on the Morpheus
DID registry.
{
Meta
Information

"@context": [
"https://w3id.org/did/v1",
"https://w3id.org/security/v1"
],
"id": "did:example:123456789abcdefghi",

Subject
Identiﬁer

"publicKey": [{
"id": "did:example:123456789abcdefghi#keys-1",
"type": "RsaVeriﬁcationKey2018",
"controller": "did:example:123456789abcdefghi",
"publicKeyPem": "-----BEGIN PUBLIC KEY...END PUBLIC KEY-----\r\n"
}, {
"id": "did:example:123456789abcdefghi#keys-2",
"type": "Ed25519VeriﬁcationKey2018",
"controller": "did:example:pqrstuvwxyz0987654321",
"publicKeyBase58": "H3C2AVvLMv6gmMNam3uVAjZpfkcJCwDwnZn6z3wXmqPV"
}],

Registered
Keys

"authentication": [
// this key can be used to authenticate as did:...fghi
"id": "did:example:123456789abcdefghi#keys-1"
],

Rights
Management

Registered
Service Endpoints
}

"service": [{
"type": "ExampleService",
"serviceEndpoint": "https://example.com/endpoint/8377464"
}]

1 Terminology and diagrams in the following two sections are adapted from W3C documents on decentralized
Identifiers and verifiable claims [4,5,6]

16

H ow IOP Wor ks

Chapter Pages

The Hydra Blockchain as Decentralized Root of Trust
If we want to provide verifiable identity without relying on a central trusted authority, we
need a decentralized root of trust. There are several options here, but blockchains and other
decentralized ledger technologies that have a consensus mechanism including economic
incentivization for maintainers have a specific advantage over other decentralized forms
of storage: Financial gain is a strong incentive for node owners to adequately maintain
agreement on global state, protect the stored data against accidental or deliberate corruption,
and to accept any and all transactions users might make.
The Morpheus DID registry will be supported by the Hydra blockchain. A DID is registered
using a transaction very similar to a standard cryptocurrency transaction, including a fee to
register and store the DID document.
Because DIDs are pseudonymous identifiers, personal data never comes near the chain.
Instead, all personal information is encrypted by default and stored on the user’s end device
or backed up on another storage solution of the user’s choice. If users want to publicly
disclose information about a DID, they may do so by including a service endpoint in the DID
document.
Using this approach provides multiple benefits. First, it prevents clogging the chain with
repeated and unnecessary changes to DID documents. Second, history has shown that every
encryption protocol is eventually broken. For this reason it would be irresponsible to store
personal data in an immutable and eternal database.
As a result, DID documents will only change rarely for regular users — generally when DID
documents are first created or when keys are lost or compromised. This keeps barriers to
entry low for users. However, the transaction flow for companies and other institutions
will be very different, as they will likely need to manage hundreds or thousands of service
endpoints and keys for different DIDs. This steady flow of transactions will keep the Hydra
token liquid and provide reliable monetary incentives for node maintainers.

17

H ow IOP Wor ks

Chapter Pages

Identity Verification
The process of identity verification in the offline world can be described in an abstract way:
◾◾
◾◾
◾◾
◾◾
◾◾
◾◾

An identity holder requests a benefit from an inspector.
The inspector asks for proof of identity.
The holder of the identity shows their identity credential to the inspector.
The inspector sends this credential to a verifier for verification.
The verifier checks the credential against a registry which stores pre-registered credentials.
The verifier returns the result to the inspector who either approves or denies the holder.
Registry

Veriﬁer

Inspector

Holder

6
5

2

7

4

1
3

8

These roles can be held by people or machines. In the case of airline travel using a biometric
passport, for example: the inspector is the border agent, the verifier is the passport
scanning machine and the registry is the centralized database of passport records. Multiple
roles may be fulfilled by the same actor. When using the same passport to buy alcohol at a
bar, for example, the inspector, verifier, and registry roles are all fulfilled by the bartender
(with the registry being a mental checklist of what a valid passport looks and feels like).

18

H ow IOP Wor ks

Chapter Pages

Let us now try to translate this example to the digital world. To keep things simple, we will
assume that the inspector is also performing verification. (When the two roles are separate,
there is simply an extra step where the inspector sends a request to the verifier and waits
for a response.)
To prove they control a DID, a user sends the DID to an inspector/verifier, along with a
cryptographic signature created using a private key. The inspector/verifier then uses the
DID to resolve the DID document in the Morpheus registry. The DID document contains all
public keys associated with this DID, so the verifier can check the cryptographic signature
and verify that the user indeed controls this DID.

Verifiable Credentials without Central Authority
Proving control over a randomly assigned DID is of very limited use without a way to associate
it with real-world information. We would like to be able to make verifiable claims about
ourselves, both on- and offline. By creating various DIDs, users can then create multiple, fully
separate sets of individual claims which anyone can verify without the need for a centralized
trust source.
It is perhaps most intuitive to think about these claims in terms of familiar data points (e.g.,
name, date of birth, graduated with a Master’s in Computer Science from Stanford, etc.)
drawn from familiar offline credentials (e.g., birth certificate, passport, university degree),
but the range of possible claims is far, far broader than this.
Unfortunately, in the virtual world it is almost impossible for users to prove any piece of
personal information on their own, apart from cryptographic proofs of key control. When
making a personal claim to an inspector/verifier, it is necessary to appeal to a trusted third
party.

19

H ow IOP Wor ks

Chapter Pages

For digital verifiable claims, the trusted source comes in the form of an issuer who issues
claims about the user in the form of credentials. Users can apply to issuers to issue claims
about them which they can later present to an inspector/verifier. Once a credential has been
issued, the holder can use the claims it contains to request access to goods and services. On
receiving a claim, the appropriate inspector/verifier checks that the claim is genuine. If it is,
they then grant the holder access to the agreed benefit.
Morpheus DID
Registry

Issuer

Holder

5

2
4

1
3

6
7

As an intuitive example of this trust model, imagine you are applying for a job and need to
demonstrate that you have the necessary university degree. It is impossible to demonstrate
this on your own, but your prospective employer will presumably trust the authority of the
university.

20

H ow IOP Wor ks

Chapter Pages

Note that this trust model is completely different from being reliant on a centralized root of
trust. There, everyone is forced to choose from a single or very limited number of trusted
sources. In a decentralized trust model, parties are always free to choose any source of trust
which they can agree upon.
Morpheus DID
Registry

Inspector/Veriﬁer

Holder

5

2
4

1
3

6
7

As mentioned before, it is vitally important that personally identifying information never
comes anywhere near the blockchain; therefore, the information that users want to make
claims about must be stored separately and handled differently from the DIDs and DID
documents which make up the Morpheus DID Registry.

21

H ow IOP Wor ks

Chapter Pages

Nevertheless, as shown in the figure below, the DID Registry provides the necessary root of
trust, as it is the gateway to the data needed to verify DID ownership and credentials and
claims based upon them.

Inspector/Veriﬁer
Request Claims

Holder

Acquire, Store, Present Claims

Issuer

Issue Claims

Morpheus DID Registry
Maintain Identiﬁers

Hydra Blockchain
Secure Registry

22

H ow IOP Wor ks

Chapter Pages

The figure below shows an example claim which can be used to prove that the user holds
a Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering. One significant advantage of this system
is that it can be used to minimize information exchange. In the example below, the issuer
probably knows the holder’s graduation date and has more information like the topic of
the user’s thesis. However, the inspector/verifier is only interested in whether the holder
has a degree or not. The issuer is able to answer this request without disclosing additional
information about the credential holder.

{

Claims Set
Metadata

"@context": [
"https://www.w3.org/2018/credentials/v1",
"https://example.com/examples/v1"
],
"id": "http://example.gov/credentials/3732",
"type": ["VeriﬁableCredential", "UniversityDegreeCredential"],
"issuer": "https://example.edu",
"issuanceDate": "2010-01-01",
"credentialSubject": {

Claims about Subject

"id": "did:example:ebfeb1f712ebc6f1c276e12ec21",

Subject
Identiﬁer

"degree": {
"type": "BachelorDegree",
"name": "Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering"
}
},

Digital Signature
by Issuer

}

"proof": {
"type": "RsaSignature2018",
"created": "2017-06-18T21:19:10Z",
"creator": "https://example.com/jdoe/keys/1",
"nonce": "c0ae1c8e-c7e7-469f-b252-86e6a0e7387e",
"signatureValue": "BavEll0/I1...Ed+W3JT24="
}

Personas
The claim verification system described above is extremely useful, but it can also quickly
become hard to manage as the number of claims and credentials increases. In IOP,
credentials are managed according to the intuitive concept of personas. A persona is
the collection of claims about a single DID. These claims can safely be disclosed together,

23

H ow IOP Wor ks

Chapter Pages

without contaminating other DIDs. For example, users might choose to have one persona
for interacting with friends and family, another for professional contacts, and another for
online dating. Personas can be cryptographically linked and switched between as the user
chooses, without their underlying connection being discoverable by a third party. The claims
that make up a persona can of course still be disclosed individually, providing users with
fine-grained control about which parts of their personal information they want to share.

Secure Peer-to-Peer Communication and Storage
In a privacy-focused system such as IOP, it is not enough to provide secure identity and
claim verification. It is also crucial to ensure that no data is leaked when users issue, present,
or verify claims or communicate in any other way.
In addition, while storing user data locally and encrypted by default promotes privacy, this
is insufficient in many cases. First, local storage space is limited, especially as many users
will be interacting with IOP via smartphones. Second, end devices are not always online,
regularly change networks, and are generally unreliable with limited storage options. Third,
many users will want to access their collection of claims from multiple devices.
Additionally, the acts of registering and updating DID documents and issuing and verifying
claims rely on access to a complete and sufficiently current version of the Morpheus DID
registry. This might not be feasible for some devices, which can instead rely on the network
of Home nodes that will store the entire history. We foresee a new generation of service
providers that maintain the full database as a service, similar to current web wallets,
explorers, et cetera.
To accommodate these usability and accessibility requirements, IOP’s Mercury protocol
provides encrypted, two-way authenticated peer-to-peer communication to maximize
privacy and security. Generating truly private peer-to-peer connections between users is a
particularly difficult problem, particularly if one or both users is on a smartphone. Modern
Internet architecture locks users behind multiple layers of Network Address Translation
(NAT) which makes it impossible to address users directly, especially when trying to make
contact for the first time.

24

H ow IOP Wor ks

Chapter Pages

Mercury uses a network of so-called Home nodes to punch through these layers and open
up a direct channel of communication. When two users want to communicate, the first
user begins by directly contacting their trusted Home node(s). They then communicate with
other Home nodes until they find one which knows how to contact the second user. This
multi-hop route is then collapsed to provide a direct channel of communication.
In this way, Mercury acts similar to a decentralized and highly secure cellular network, where
Home nodes take the roll of cell towers and devices (mobile or stationary) are phones. In
contrast with mobile networks, nodes are not selected automatically based on location and
signal strength, but picked manually based on trust and reliability.
Mercury is a decentralized network because all Home nodes have the same role: a node can
join or leave the network any time. The same applies for clients. This makes the network
extremely resilient as there is no main point of attack and the network dies only with the
last node.
In addition to maintaining the communication network and supporting the Hydra blockchain,
these Home nodes will be able to provide secure data storage and claim verification services
to users.
Mercury
Home Nodes
Mercury p2p Protocol
(Data, Com, Routing)
Mercury Home Protocol
(Push, Project Changes etc)

dAPP

SOCIAL dAPP

CHAT dAPP
P2P dAPP

25

H ow IOP Wor ks

Chapter Pages

Advanced users can operate their own Home node. Home nodes require minimal resource,
so can be run on most devices with low CPU/memory and reasonable network requirements.
Titania OS will be the perfect starting point to set up your own Home node as it comes
preconfigured with the full IOP stack. After setting up Titania with just a few clicks, it can
act as a repository for user claims, personal storage space and as a gateway to the Mercury
network.
The functionality of Mercury extends far beyond the IOP stack. Combining Mercury’s
revolutionary concept of establishing connections based on an identifier:protocol scheme
(instead of the hostname:port scheme that today’s applications use) with standardized
profile and message formats allows app developers to create decentralized applications
(dApps) that are not reliant on a centralized database of users.
The average user will simply install applications built on IOP’s decentralized technology to
a device such as a smartphone or PC or open a web-based dApp. These applications will
rely on Prometheus as a dependency, which will bring a secure vault for keys and claims,
background services, and a convenient UI to manage personas, claims and relations. After
initial setup, users choose which persona to use with each dApp and choose one or more
Home Nodes to connect to. Mercury’s unique architecture then allows connections beyond
the confines of a dApp, relieving developers of the need to laboriously create a critical user
base and allowing users to choose which dApps best fit their needs.

Broader IOP Functionality
While the ability to verify identity and claims without relying on a centralized root of trust
is obviously useful, the preceding sections’ focus on the technical minutiae of individual
interactions can make it hard to appreciate the power of these technologies when scaled up
to entire organizations, communities, or whole societies.
The upper layers of the IOP stack contain projects designed to meet broad societal needs in
a decentralized fashion. While these all have decentralized identity and claim verification at
their core, they expand on these basic concepts to provide powerful decentralized services
such as contract resolution and arbitration, reputation, governance and more.

26

H ow IOP Wor ks

Chapter Pages

Athena
Athena applies IOP’s tools and technologies to education. The most obvious application is
the provision of a new kind of trusted and verifiable educational credential, but academic
institutions face a whole host of problems which can be addressed through secure
decentralized identities and verifiable claims, from attendance to content and syllabus
provision.
Notably, institutions which provide learning at a distance and online materials can easily
manage course content and access, and Morpheus DIDs can be used to secure online testing
environments. In this way, IOP can improve access and educational opportunities for millions
of currently underserved people.
Athena will also facilitate research and collaboration between institutions. Verifiable claims
can be used to improve processes for data collection, sharing, and analysis, and the terms of
any collaboration can be easily managed via on-chain smart contracts.

Fides
A wealth of verifiable claims can lead to information overload. Users will need a way to
quickly assess whether they want to communicate or transact with each other.
Fides will provide users with tools to navigate a system based around verifiable claims. As
more public and private claims become available about a persona, making decisions about
the trustworthiness of that persona will become more complex. This is especially true if that
persona is linked to a business or major service provider with thousands of customers and
associated claims. One major element of this is decentralized trust and reputation tools based
on cryptographically verifiable interactions between personas. For familiar reputation and
ranking systems such as Uber ratings or TripAdvisor reviews, this has the obvious benefit of
linking reviews and feedback to verifiable identity, reducing problems likes spam and sockpuppeting which plague existing reputation systems. But Fides also drastically broadens the
kinds of reputation data which can be collected and used, making reputation systems much
more powerful and reliable.

27

H ow IOP Wor ks

Chapter Pages

For example, a user leaving a review in an online marketplace can prove that they genuinely
bought the product being reviewed, without giving up any other personally identifying data.
Reputation data itself can also be used as a basis for verifiable claims, for example in loyalty
or VIP programs.
Beyond this, Fides will provide tools to manage relations between trusted personas. In
addition to broad social media applications such as the Open Social Graph and content
platforms, this includes more specific tools such as providing ways to organize clubs, events,
or even employee rosters.

Themis
Themis provides tools to assist with arbitration and dispute management, including an
intuitive language for smart contracts which is accessible for both lawyers and laymen.
One major problem with existing smart contracts is the difficulty of accessing and verifying
the off-chain data which the contract is contingent on. The current solution is to use oracles,
but they are clumsy an cumbersome. Verifiable claims provide a better way for on-chain
contracts to interact with off-chain data.
Disputes will still arise which can only be resolved through existing systems such as courts,
but Themis will help users design smart contracts to be as robust as possible and maximize
the chance of reaching a resolution between the contracting parties.

Plutus
Finally, Plutus is a project dedicated to safely and prudently scaling up IOP’s technologies
to address larger-scale needs, for example in large corporations or local and city governance.
Verifiable claims and decentralized identity can revolutionize our approach to complex and
contentious problems such as managing eligibility for healthcare or insurance schemes, or
running secure and auditable votes without gating access or exposing voter data.
The following section takes a closer look at the various markets where IOP technologies can
be leveraged for improvement and disruption.

28

Re levan t
Mar kets

Chapter Pages

The data and identity industries have become huge business, touching every aspect of our
modern digital lives.
But the cracks are beginning to show.
Some of this can be attributed to the business practices of the centralized giants such as
Facebook, Amazon, Uber, and others, but many of the problems run much deeper: they are
inherent in every centralized approach to identity and personal data, and cannot be fixed
without a totally new model.
IOP provides that new model, one which benefits both users and businesses. Users get
more control, stronger privacy, and can be directly rewarded for sharing their personal data.
Businesses get easier access to a greatly expanded potential user base and also receive
a bigger slice of the potential pie, instead of subsisting on the crumbs given out by the
centralized giants.
The quality of data and datasets will also increase: instead of indiscriminately harvesting
data and then curating it, with IOP data is requested on an as-needed basis, making datasets
more focused and easier to manage, analyze, and use. Individual data is also easier to assess
thanks to claim verification. Finally, by switching to a model where users willingly and
actively share data rather than having it harvested in the background, users will have more
incentive to provide accurate and helpful responses to data requests.
Here are just some of the markets which IOP can disrupt.

Social Networking
It’s taken barely twenty years for social networking to rise from nothing to encompass the
whole world. Facebook currently has more than two billion monthly active users worldwide,
and had a total market capitalization of over half a trillion dollars at its peak in early 2018
[10].

29

Re leva n t
M ar kets

Chapter Pages

But a recent string of scandals have highlighted the significant flaws in Facebook’s “go fast
and break things” approach. Regulators are circling, market valuation is dropping, and user
engagement is beginning to fall rapidly. Businesses are also waking up to the problems
with Facebook’s model: the recent reports on Facebook’s notoriously opaque analytics tools
showed that Facebook is not nearly as useful for engaging and retaining customers as they
claimed.
IOP and the Open Social Graph inverts the social network business model by giving control
back to the users. In doing so, it creates a fully transparent environment for businesses to
directly engage with their customers.

Digital Advertising
The digital advertising market is huge. In the US, digital advertising spends are predicted to
eclipse all other forms of advertising by 2021. But as with so many online industries powered
by data, people are seriously questioning whether the current models are benefiting anyone
but the centralized platforms.
Most people want to be able to find products and services that will interest them, and
are happy to learn about these directly from companies. But the underhand way in which
identifying data is gathered and used for targeting fosters suspicion and resentment.
Businesses feel compelled to engage in digital advertising, but opaque analytics tools make
it impossible to tell whether an advertising spend is cost effective.
Centralized platforms have a virtual monopoly in the advertising space, giving them free
reign to set uncompetitive rates. Even though the industry is powered by user data, users
receive very little in return. Users are increasingly dissatisfied with the model, which may
explain why click through rates are less than 0.1% and almost half of all paid online ads are
never even seen by anyone [11].
IOP removes the need for a central platform authority like Facebook, allowing users and
companies to connect directly. Because data on IOP is only ever willingly shared, targeted
advertising becomes simpler, cheaper, and much more effective.

30

Re levan t
Mar kets

Chapter Pages

Cybersecurity
Harvesting personal data isn’t just bad for users: it can also become a massive liability for
companies, who may not have the expertise to properly store and secure that data. Data
breaches are a daily occurence, despite yearly cybersecurity spending approaching $100bn
(as estimated by Gartner [12]).
IOP provides significant cybersecurity benefits over existing centralized approaches. At a
basic level, making local storage and full user control the default for all data significantly
reduces the risk of hacking or accidental exposure of data.
Beyond that, IOP provides numerous opportunities for companies wishing to offer security
as a service. For example, companies could provide secure backup for users’ claims and
credentials or give them the ability to share and access credentials from the cloud. Unlike
current cloud-based approaches, data security would not be compromised as all data would
be encrypted before transmission to the service provider.

Identity and Access Management
Many companies and other organizations need to manage identity and access for
employees and visitors to their sites, with yearly global spending in excess of $8bn [13]. But
current approaches are extremely expensive, inflexible, and often exhibit glaring security
vulnerabilities.
Using IOP’s identity protocols, companies would be able to issue identity cards and adjust
access rights on the fly, as well as easily granting and revoking visitor access thanks to
standardization.
This concept can easily be extended from physical to digital access, for example managing
access rights to shared company drives and other digital resources from users’ own devices.

31

Re leva n t
M ar kets

Chapter Pages

Data Integration
Despite the recent rush to harvest as much data as possible, as much as 90% of it languishes
in data silos, unused, unanalyzed, and even unverified. Finding ways to share data between
these siloes has become big business, with an estimated yearly revenue of $12.24 billion [14].
In addition to improving privacy, IOP actually makes it far easier to gather, collate, and
analyze the data which users are willing to share. Thanks to IOP’s standardized approach to
data storage, companies offering data integration services will find it simple to convert and
merge existing databases.

Peer-to-Peer Content Delivery
In modern media, digital content is king. More than 66% of users report that they get at
least some of their news from platforms such as YouTube, Twitch, and Medium, and digital
content creators can earn millions of dollars a year [15].
But existing models are strained to breaking point. YouTube and Twitter are unable to
consistently apply their own rules, and their recommendation and monetization algorithms
are subject to massive abuse. Social media lifecycles are also incredibly short, especially for
apps. Content creators spend years building up followers across various platforms, only to
have all that hard work erased when an app falls out of fashion or a platform’s terms and
conditions suddenly and arbitrarily change.
With IOP, control of content provision and delivery will be returned to users and creators.
Creators and their followers will be directly linked via Morpheus personas, and this relationship
can persist across any number of separate platforms. Instead of relying on centralized
platforms for content curation, users can easily and directly decide whose content they want
to see and whose to filter out. The resulting systems will be freer and more democratic, and
the creator/follower relationship will be preserved even as social media trends come and go.
Content can be shared directly using the Mercury protocol, or via apps and sites built on
top of the IOP stack. These platforms will be secure and censorship resistant. They will also
provide freer and fairer monetization options, as there will be no central authority holding
the purse strings.

32

Re levan t
Mar kets

Chapter Pages

Credentials
Online learning is poised to revolutionize the way we learn and open up educational
opportunities to billions of currently underserved people around the world. But qualifications
earned via e-learning platforms currently have a poor reputation, even when affiliated with
established brick and mortar institutions. Part of this is resistance to change, but it’s also
undeniable that online credentials are hard to track and easy to forge for both unscrupulous
users and institutions alike.
IOP’s technology stack will allow universities and students to track and prove attendance,
grades and degrees as well as less tangible factors such as quality of education and student
satisfaction using mutually provided verifiable claims. Future employers can easily verify
grades and credentials with the issuing entity without the danger of personal user data
falling into the wrong hands or companies overreaching their boundaries and asking for
more data than they really need.

Reputation
The rise of big data and advanced analytics has allowed reputation systems to expand from
traditional industries such as insurance and credit ranking to become a multibillion dollar
industry that serves multiple sectors. From ranking systems such as Uber’s star rating
system to more generalized feedback mechanisms, reputation systems are an invaluable
tool for matching users as well as providing ways to identify and filter out malicious or
unwanted behaviours and actors, particularly in systems designed for zero or minimal
centralized oversight.
But current practices are beset with problems. Today’s centralized reputation systems rely
on enormous datasets, where individual pieces of identifying data are collated to form a
complete picture of all of a user’s activities. This is a treasure trove for hackers, and indeed
some of the largest data breaches in recent years have been attacks on companies providing
or using reputation systems.

33

Re leva n t
M ar kets

Chapter Pages

Even more ominously, governments are turning to reputation systems to rank their citizens
and control their access to goods and services and even opportunities such as jobs and
education. In addition to being a massive invasion of privacy and liberty, these systems are
often secret, arbitrary, and extremely poorly secured and designed [16].
IOP provides the benefits of reputational systems while eliminating the most severe
security and privacy risks for both users and service providers. The Fides project will allow
companies which need rating or feedback mechanisms — or who wish to provide these to
other companies — to do so with ease.
IOP’s verifiable digital claims also offer numerous avenues for improving rating and
reputation systems. Current systems rely almost solely on user opinion, often employing
5-star systems which quickly degrade into binary rating systems where anything less than
5 stars is considered a failure. Combining user input with verifiable claims about good or bad
behaviours will make reputation systems more flexible, reliable, and ultimately valuable.

Regulatory Technology
For many businesses, complying with ever-changing data regulations is costly and time
consuming, especially when operating across multiple jurisdictions. Companies must find a
way to gather, process, and then securely store user data such that they can prove compliance
— often for audits that occur many years after the fact. For many smaller businesses, these
costs are so high that they are forced out of the market.
With IOP’s approach to identity and verifiable claims, regulatory compliance is streamlined
and risk is reduced for both users and companies. Because data tends to stay under full user
control, it is easy to prove that it has been handled properly.
At the same time, by completely separating personal data from the ownership of a digital
identity, IOP support far more secure and stringent data protection rules than are currently
implemented in most countries around the world.

34

D eve lopm en t
P lan

Chapter Pages

Internet of People has been under development in one form or another for more than two
years now, and some of our technologies are already complete and ready to use. Others are
entering the final development and testing stages, some are being created right now, and
some projects are still in the design stage.
The different technologies in the IOP stack gain their value through a symbiotic relationship,
building on top of each other and interlocking almost seamlessly. Therefore, we are not
creating projects in strictly linear order. The roadmap on the next page describes the order we
expect the most relevant feature sets of each project to be available to users and developers.
The current development status, including regular updates directly from our development
team, can be found at https://iop.global/.

Hydra Devnet is
accessible to public

August 5th

Hydra Mainnet ready

August 9th

Hydra Devnet deployed

August 23rd

September 7th

• First tests of DID registration on
HYD devnet

November 10th November 20th End of Q4 2019

Listing on Latoken
(start Trading)

October 1st

• Mainnet open to early
adopters
• Application phase for
delegates starts

• Prometheus as a light wallet for
HYD chain
• Mercury communication in
Prometheus
• Contacts feature in Prometheus

• Token distribution begins

Moinblockchain ’19
conference
Hamburg Germany

September 3rd

Hydra Dev is functionally
complete

• End of IEO on Latoken

October 18th

• Start IEO on Latoken
• Hydra forging
rewards begin

• Hydra v2.0 implementation begins
• Additional parts of the Stack are
started (Athena, Fides, Themis,
Plutus)

End of Q1 2020

Q2 2020

• sending claims to contacts for
signing and verification
• automatic DID resolution
when checking a claim
• first DID registration on HYD
mainnet

35

D eve lopmen t
P lan

Chapter Pages

Titania
The core operating system is complete and ready to use. Titania provides a
fully dockerized environment for secure deployment of apps and services.
Setup and management is easy thanks to an intuitive web interface. The
next step is to package the software people want and need for Titania’s
secure environment, including staking wallets for the most popular PoS coins.
A Titania dApp store is under development, and the complete IOP stack will be
integrated by default. Once the Mercury network is functional, users will be able to
create their own Home nodes and provide services to their peers.

Mercury
A prototype of the Mercury communication protocol has been published on
our GitHub repository, with the Home and communication protocols close
to completion. A few key features still need to be implemented before
Mercury is ready for production use, but the underlying concepts have
been clearly demonstrated. Mercury provides direct p2p communication and a
decentralized network for peer discovery that not only allows users to communicate
securely, but also enables developers to create powerful dApps aimed at connecting
users. Once Morpheus enables ID management, Mercury will be extended with user
personas and networking features to create the Open Social Graph.

Prometheus
The prototype of our Prometheus application can be dowloaded from our
website. Prometheus already allows access to a basic version of DID and
claim management that will enable the Open Social Graph and includes an
abstract key vault that can later be used by any application in need of
public-key based cryptographic functionality. In the future, Prometheus will be
extended into an extensive and intuitive graphical user interface to provide identity
and privacy management, and will provide a comprehensive SDK so developers can
use IOP technologies, including Mercury communications and Morpheus DIDs and
claims, in the applications they create.

36

D eve lopm en t
P lan

Chapter Pages

Morpheus
A minimal example of Morpheus’ self-sovereign identity management
system is included in the Prometheus Protype. The ﬁrst application of
veriﬁable claims will be user relations that can be extended with metadata. In the future, the Morpheus DID registry will be secured by the Hydra
blockchain and pairwise-unique identiﬁers, and ﬁne-grained claim templates
will allow users to manage their digital identity in an intuitive way, aiming for maximum privacy and minimal disclosure. The veriﬁable claims created using Morpheus
will create a global web of trust.

Athena
We are currently deﬁning the basics of educational credentials built on
Morpheus’

veriﬁable

claims.

These

will

give

employers,

students,

graduates, and universities a standardized way to issue and verify
attendance, credentials, and more. Because of their unique relation to
thousands of people and businesses alike, universities are prime candidates for
widely accepted trust anchors of decentralized identity management. Combining the
features of Morpheus with Mercury’s unique communication protocol will allow
researchers and teachers to manage access to resources and collaborate securely on
a global scale.

Hydra
Hydra provides a completely open and permissionless consensus
mechanism, allowing all users to participate and beneﬁt by staking tokens.
Hydra users use their stake to elect 53 delegates from their midst to forge
new blocks and create new tokens. These delegates share a large
percentage of the block rewards with their voters. Delegates also earn voter
share by contributing to the project or by helping new users. Everyone can become a
delegate and earn rewards if they gain the support of the community. To forge new
blocks, delegates need only to be online and run a reliable node. Voters can earn
rewards while keeping their stake ofﬂine and secure. Hydra provides ﬁnal
conﬁrmation after each block, which makes Blockchain rollbacks impossible, thus
protecting the Morpheus DID register from manipulation. In the future, the
functionality of the blockchain will be tightly integrated into the Prometheus key
vault and optimized for the purpose of DID management.

37

D eve lopmen t
P lan

Chapter Pages

Fides
Fides is our version of a bottom-up reputation system, decentralizing trust,
linking feedback and reviews to veriﬁable identities, and giving people the
tools to navigate IOP’s ever-growing collection of veriﬁable claims. Services
that aggregate multiple claims into comprehensive certiﬁcates of
trustworthiness are just one of the many possibilities Fides will provide. Fides
will also enhance Athena by allowing students to rate their universities’ quality of
education, the comprehensiveness of individual courses, and much more. Veriﬁable
claims will be extended further to include receipts, loyalty programs, and much more,
and Mercury will be extended to allow for organization of social events.

Themis
Themis will provide a domain-speciﬁc language aimed at laymen and
lawyers. By feeding off-chain data into the system using veriﬁable claims,
Themis imports concepts such as documents signed in the presence of
witnesses into the digital world. This will open the door for digital
employment agreements and other legal contracts that are both easy to
understand and unambiguous. Themis aims to close the divide between code and
legal language, creating smart contracts that can be both run by machines for
automatic arbitration as well as serve as legal documents in a court of law in the case
of unresolvable disputes.

Plutus
The ﬁnal step will be to prudently and safely scale the technologies created
by the Internet of People into a system for local governance. Veriﬁable
claims and decentralized identity can revolutionize our approach to complex
and contentious problems such as managing eligibility for healthcare or
insurance schemes, or running secure and auditable votes without gating
access or exposing voter data. Plutus will allow users to be heard and shape their
communities according to their needs.

38

G ett ing Star te d
Whether you’re an investor, a developer, or just someone who’s interested in the possibilities
of decentralized technology, we’d love to hear from you.
Visit us at https://iop.global/, where you can learn more about Internet of People and how
to get involved.
You can download Titania OS at
https://github.com/Internet-of-People/titania-os/releases.
You can download a pre-release version of Prometheus at
https://github.com/Internet-of-People/prometheus-electron/releases.

		https://iop.global/wallets/
		https://iop.global/exchanges/
$
		https://discordapp.com/invite/gsRKp6T
		https://t.me/IoPofficial
		https://github.com/Internet-of-People
		https://twitter.com/IoP_community
		https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmvh91s11TTwlJuo8-y7frQ
		https://www.reddit.com/r/IoP_Community/

39

Refe ren ces
1. W3C Credentials Community Group, Decentralized Identifiers,
URL: https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-spec/
2. W3C Credentials Community Group, Proposed Verifiable Claims Architecture,
URL: http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/architecture/
3. W3C Credentials Community Group, Verifiable Credentials Data Model,
URL: https://www.w3.org/TR/verifiable-claims-data-model/
4. L. Sweeney, Simple Demographics Often Identify People Uniquely. Carnegie Mellon University, Data Privacy Working Paper 3. Pittsburgh 2000,
URL: https://dataprivacylab.org/projects/identifiability/paper1.pdf
5. The Rust Programming Language,
URL: https://www.rust-lang.org
6. Alex Gaynor, The Internet Has a Huge C/C++ Problem and Developers Don’t Want to
Deal With It, URL: https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/a3mgxb/the-internethas-a-huge-cc-problem-and-developers-dont-want-to-deal-with-it
7. Yossi Gilad, Rotem Hemo, Silvio Micali, Georgios Vlachos, Nickolai Zeldovich, Algorand:
Scaling Byzantine Agreements for Cryptocurrencies,
URL: https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=3132757
8. Jing Chen and Sergey Gorbunov and Silvio Micali and Georgios Vlachos, ALGORAND
AGREEMENT: Super Fast and Partition Resilient Byzantine Agreement,
URL: https://eprint.iacr.org/2018/377
9. Jing Chen, Silvio Micali, Algorand,
URL: https://arxiv.org/abs/1607.01341
10. Jay R. Corrigan, Saleem Alhabash, Matthew Rousu, Sean B. Cash, How much is social
media worth? Estimating the value of Facebook by paying users to stop using it,
URL: https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0207101
11. App Nexus, The Digital Advertising Stats You Need for 2018,
URL: https://www.appnexus.com/sites/default/files/whitepapers/guide-2018stats_2.
pdf
12. Tech Crunch, Global Cybersecurity Spending to Grow to $86.4bn in 2017, says Gartner,
URL: https://techcrunch.com/2017/08/16/global-cybersecurity-sending-to-grow-7-to86-4bn-in-2017-says-gartner/

40

Refe ren ces
13. Orbis Research, Identity and Access Management-Global Market Outlook (2016-2022),
URL: https://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/identity-and-access-management-global-market-outlook-2016-2022
14. Markets and Markets, Data Integration Market by Component (Tools and Services),
Business Application (Marketing, Sales, Operations, Finance, and HR), Deployment
Model, Organization Size, Vertical, and Region - Global Forecast to 2022,
URL: https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/data-integration-market-61793560.html
15. Markets and Markets, Commercial P2P CDN Market by Content Type (Video and
Non-video), Solution (Web Performance Optimization, Media Delivery, and Cloud Security), Service, End-User Segment (Consumer and Business), Vertical, and Region – Global
Forecast to 2023,
URL: https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/commercial-p2p-cdn-market-187880203.html
16. Devin Coldewey, When Surveillance Meets Incompetence,
URL: https://techcrunch.com/2019/02/19/when-surveillance-meets-incompetence/

41

https://iop.global/

