w w w. i n t e rc r o n e . c o m
ve rs i o n 1 . 1

I NTERC RONE
The future of money

E D J O WA
H O L D I N G

EdJoWa Holding
Dun Karm Street 2, MT-9037 Birkirkara
office@edjowa-holding.com
www.edjowa-holding.com

Whitepaper 2 0 18
www.intercrone.com

THE FUTURE
OF MONEY
B E G I N S N O W.
Index
1. Introduction

5

2. What is InterCrone?

7

3. Current weaknesses in the crypto market.
4. InterCrone the answer!

2

8-9
10 - 13

5. Proof of Stake - keep it simple

15

6. InterCrone technical data

17

7. Milestones

19

8. Review

19

9. Use of funds

20

10. Vision and future goals

21

11. Acceptance points by sales force

23

12. Fair casino through InterCrone

24

13. Games overview

25

14. Videos and learning library

27

15. Epilogue

29

3

1. Introduction
The purpose of this documentation is to describe the
features, concepts and goals of the InterCrone crypto
currency and to give people a clear insight into the world
of InterCrone and EdJoWa.

This document presents comprehensive technical details
about the function of the InterCrone. Current weaknesses
in the crypto market are explained and how we intend to
counteract them.

Later, we present our successes, projects in planning and
what the investor funds are used for.

4

5

2. What is InterCrone?

I NTERC RONE
The future of money

InterCrone is a Proof of Stake Consensus algorithm, or POS-based crypto currency,
which is more sustainable and user-friendly for the coin holder in the long-term and
more environmentally friendly than the proof of work consensus.
For the first time, InterCrone was published with the ICO (Initial Coin Offering) on 31
January 2018 and sold with a limited number of 10 million coins in the first 30 days.
What makes InterCrone special is the fact of fast transactions. The block time is 120
seconds and only 3 transaction acknowledgments are needed.
Changing the wallet address for each transaction will not publish the entire balance.
Only the transactions between the users are recorded and stored in the blockchain.
Another advantage of InterCrone is its flexibility in adapting to the crypto market. It‘s
working on an interface that allows any InterCrone owner to pay anywhere that accepts
some form of cryptocurrency.
Because this does not yet meet our high requirements, a cooperation with a credit card
provider is planned for 2019.
InterCrone is our answer to the current and upcoming problems in the crypto market.

InterCrone - where the future is today.
6

7

3. Current weaknesses in
the crypto market
Bitcoin and other currencies, including their use case, are becoming increasingly popular this time. It seems like a new gold fever has been kindled. Due to our digital
networking, we would even say that the whole world has struck oil. Unfortunately, the
knowledge is not distributed evenly by the population.

Multi-Level Marketing (MLM):
One expert after another, steps out of the shadows and lets his way be paved by YouTube and social media. As a sales tool mostly MLM (multi-level marketing) is favoured.
However, the main reason for the salespeople and the heads of companies is usually
fast money and the ignorant customer usually falls by the wayside.
Monopolies:
At the moment we see an always expanding ever-growing monopoly. Especially in the
mining sector it is almost impossible for the individual to mine a coin before being
snatched away by the “mining factories”. Either you join the big ones by paying fees or
you have to look for alternatives.
Sustainability:
Another problem of mining is the high power demand and the steadily increasing difficulty of the mined crypto currencies. If the hardware, mostly graphic cards is no longer
cost effective, it will be sold at a loss price. But nobody wants to spend good money
on a product that has run to the absolute maximum around the clock. From a resource
conservation and environmental impact perspective, mining is simply not sustainable
enough, not when there are better alternatives, such as staking.

8

Too slow:
Due to low demand, transactions in the past only took a few minutes. These have now
become hours or days due to the sometimes very slow transaction speeds until the coin
is fully confirmed. This shows us how inappropriate a crypto currency can be to replace
a fiat currency. Furthermore, we are shown by the Forks (splits) of different coins, how
much confusion is caused , which has a very negative impact on inexperienced crypto
users. Especially the many forks of Bitcoin in late 2017 and early 2018 brought a confusion to the whole crypto market.
Anonymity:
An example of such confusion is that most individuals believe Bitcoin transactions are
completely anonymous. Nothing could be further from the truth because with enough
computing power and effort, every transaction in the digital cash book can be recorded
and assigned. To be completely anonymous with Bitcoin it requires a lot of knowledge
that again only very few people have.
Acceptance points:
Finally, it should be highlighted that the crypto currencies with the purpose of serving
as a means of payment try far too little to seek and establish acceptance points. Most of
the time, it‘s the acceptance points that accept crypto currencies because of their belief
in a better future. We can only improve the world if we all do our part!
9

For many cryptocurrencies, despite a good internet presence, the question is: „What
is behind it?“ Often there is not much behind it except for a nicely worded vision and
an imaginary project team spread all over the globe. The benefit is often limited to one
technology for a small number of people.
And that‘s exactly what InterCrone picks up on. Behind InterCrone stands the EdJoWa
group of companies, which is based on 4 cornerstones.

4. InterCrone the answer
We have decided not to use any type of multi-level marketing (MLM) for the development of InterCrone. One can now bring forward the argument that we have to expect
a delayed growth in the short-term and of course, we have anticipated this possibility.
However, healthy growth beats most of the MLM structures in the market in the medium- and long-term, as only a few of these distributors can compete on a longer period.
Then there is the other side of the coin that the reputation of MLM distributors has
taken a hit in the crypto sector, especially because of fraud and the ICO‘s purpose to
attract funds for the money‘s sake.
Even for reputable MLM companies, it is almost impossible to control the activities and
statements of new and inexperienced employees at the lowest level. This can lead to
significant problems if larger errors occur. Precisely because we were allowed to gain
such experience firsthand in the field of MLM, did we decided against this system.
The trust of our investors is our top priority. We firmly believe that sustainability in
transparency and trust will serve us better in the long run than repairing a damaged
reputation.
10

E D J O WA
H O L D I N G

Gaming

St ock
m a r ke t

M a r ke t i n g

Austria

I nterC ro n e

Germany

The formation of monopolies as it is currently the case with Bitcoin can be solved by
staking alone. Staking distributes InterCrone evenly to the owners if all the criteria
for successful staking are provided. With this feature, anyone who owns a Wallet and
InterCrone, like the big ones in the market, can get involved. If somebody is having a
hard time with the technology, for a small fee we offer a wallet (Digital Wallet) where
everyone can keep their InterCrone to stake them. The exact function of the general
stakings and our virtual staking will be explained in detail later.
11

In terms of sustainability, staking is also referred as green mining. All you need is a
simple commercial computer with a stable Internet connection. Compared to traditional
mining, staking is much more profitable, if you include hardware and power costs.
Too slow transactions are only present in the nightmares of our investors. We do not
have Halving, as we know it from the POW (proof of work) currencies, but a controlled reduction in the amount produced. In short, this means that the InterCrone always
stays fast and the more you invest in it, the more stable and secure the network becomes. However, in order to regulate the InterCrone in the long-run and counteract
inflation, the staking yield is reduced by 1% each year. The current 20% return is our
way of thanking our investors for the trust they have placed in us and also helping the
common citizen to improve and bring the world together piece by piece.
An important innovation for our prospects is the complete anonymity of transactions.
It is planed that the InterCrone will have the possibility to change the address of the
wallet with each transfer. Currently you have a main address and you can generate as
many side addresses as you desire. In short, anonymity without headaches.
Our solution to the lack of acceptance is quite simple. In-office sales representatives
ensure a constant build-up of partner companies. InterCrone can offer a tailor-made
concept to all dealers so that both customer and dealer can benefit. Also Rome was
not built in one day, so we also cannot serve with a complete network of acceptance
points overnight.
In the medium run, we work on a credit card solution, which is to be set up via a partner company. Credit cards with cryptocurrencies have become increasingly established
in recent years in the current market and are indirectly already widespread.
InterCrone -the future of money, crypto currencies and payment systems!

12

13

5. Proof of Stake –
made easy

STILL MINING OR
ARE YOU ALREADY
STAKING?
Proof of Stake – Guaranteed percentage yield on your Coins!
14

Proof of Stake is a method to authorize transactions in the blockchain network, that is,
to establish consensus. Because the proof of work, such as with Bitcoin, is very costly,
newer crypto currencies rely on more innovative methods.
With the Proof of Stake algorithm, no complicated computational tasks have to be
solved. Staking means that all people who own InterCrone show it on their wallet and
unlock it. As larger the amount is, as the higher are the percentage of reward in InterCrone. Each owner of InterCrone contributes to the validation of the transactions on
the blockchain and to the security of the network by proving their own coins.
The amount that an investor keeps in his wallet can also validate the same amount of
transactions. For example, if he/she owns 5% of InterCrone then 5% of all transactions
can be validated (checked and confirmed). In return, the investor receives a certain
amount for staking InterCrone. This starts at 20% for InterCrone and is reduced by 1%
per annum until a maximum of 200 million coins are harvested. The reduction of 1%
per annum serves for the systematic stabilization of the coin. This makes the InterCrone more predictable for the markets in the long run and thus secures the trust in
acceptance points.
15

6. Technical data
InterCrone is a Proof of Stake Cryptocurrency which is more sustainable in the longrun, more user-friendly for the Coinholder and more environmentally friendly than
Proof of Work.
Staking:
To participate in network security and rewards, you must install an InterCrone wallet
(electronic wallet) on your PC or server which has to be connected to the Internet to
participate in the InterCrone network. Each wallet is connected to the InterCrone network around the world. People worldwide will download a wallet and connect it to the
network, which makes it decentralized and free of middlemen. Each user strengthens
the power behind the network, so there is no central authority.
Security:
The connection to the wallet and the entire network works automatically. Your wallet
checks for unofficial or malicious transactions on its own, which are detected and will
be rolled back, if need be. For maximum security, we recommend downloading the wallets from official sources only.
Wallet encryption:
You should encrypt your wallet in that fashion, so that in case someone else intends to
access your computer (either physical or via Internet access) he/she should not be able
to use or spend your InterCrone. In addition, we require a ten-word passphrase, which
you need to enter in order to send a transaction.
Virtual staking:
InterCrone also offers you a virtual staking platform.
For this, InterCrone offers a server on which you can stake your coins. For virtual staking the coins are locked for a certain time.
InterCrone guarantees a monthly profit of the current reward minus a management fee.
You will receive this reward monthly in your main wallet.
For example: In the first year of the 12 month option, you get 18% on the frozen coins.
That‘s 90% of the revenue you can get from your desktop wallet.
A POS consensus algorithm is used for mining.
The block time is 120 seconds and 3 transactions are required.
For a successful staking, 64 acknowledgments are required.
The stake times are at least 24 hours to a maximum of one year.
The staking rewards will be newly generated coins that are expected to be minted by
the year 2102.
Block Reward = Staking Reward + Transaction Fee
The reward is reduced by 1% each year.
The InterCrone network uses 6969 Rpcport and the 6970 port.
16

17

7. Milestones

I NTERC RONE
The future of money

31.01.2018 – 28.02.2018

Initial Coin Offering (ICO)

01.03.2018 – 31.03.2018

Implementation of the blockchain

15.04.2018

Raffle of the Opel Insignia

20.04.2018			

Office opening in Austria / Ansfelden

11.05.2018

Office opening in Germany / Berlin

15.05.2018			
				

Delivery of wallets for Windows
and Mac and first InterCrone Contest

01.06.2018			

IPO on at least three crypto exchanges

Quartal 3 2018		
				

Start of the online casino
Opening offices in Vienna, Frankfurt and Nürnberg

Quartal 1 2019		

Office opening Switzerland

Quartal 2 2019		
				

Cooperation with one Credit card
company for an InterCrone credit card

8. Review
ICO, IPO and first opportunity to win
The Initial Coin Offering (ICO) for the InterCrone began on January 31, 2018 and ended
on February 28, 2018. During this period, 10 million coins were acquired, the price of
which increased every 2 million coins.
The first buyers bought the InterCrone between 10 and 15 cents. The purchase of InterCrone was via Bitcoin or Ethereum. During the ICO, the number of InterCrone that can
be purchased per person was limited to 100 Ethereum.
To substantiate the aspect of gambling and link the InterCrone to a possible use right
from the start, shoppers were given a raffleticket during the ICO which justified their
participation in the lottery.
On April 15, 2018 all raffle owners had the chance to win an Opel Insignia. The car was
handed over on April 20, 2018 at the office opening in Ansfelden.

18

19

9. Use of funds

10. Vision and goals
for the future

Trust is our top priority. Therefore, it is important for us to be as transparent as possible. As the saying goes, „Trust is good, control is better!“ With this adage, we want to
give our investors and new prospects a small overview of the sums invested, which we
have received through our ICO.
10 million InterCrone were sold with an average price of 12.5 cents (€) which reflects a
capital of about 1.25 million Euros.
This amount may seem high at first glance, but we have chosen prestigious partnerships in various fields.
A proverb says: “who buys cheap, buys twice!”

Hardware and office equipment Austria / Germany

			

Unlike other crypto currencies, InterCrone is not the center of our attention but rather
a part of a circle in which our customers and their safety stands..

€ 80.000,-

Employees and advanced technology until the stock market launch		

€ 150.000,-

Own blockchain and platform programming such as e.g.
InterCrone		
www.interCrone.com
Gaming		 www.edjowa-gaming.com
Exchange		 www.edjowa-exchange.com
Marketing AUT
www.edjowa-marketing.at					

€ 700.000,-

Company formation, licenses, contracts						

€ 100.000,-

Total										

InterCrone is not just a part of itself, but part of a long chain. Like the blockchain in a
network, InterCrone is part of a large whole. With InterCrone, the foundation is laid for
the establishment of cryptocurrencies for everyday life.

I N T ER C RON E

E DJOWA
EXC HANG E R

customer

E DJOWA
E DUCAT ION

€ 1.030.000,-

Reserve: 220.000,--

InterCrone - for better Transparency!

20

E DJOWA
MAR K E T I NG

E DJOWA
GAM I NG

21

11. Acceptance points
by field service
KEEP IT SIMPLE
Our solution to the lack of crypto currency acceptance is quite simple.
EdJoWa Marketing will hire employees in the field, whose main task will be to engage
in new acceptance points for InterCrone.
EdJoWa can offer all dealers a tailor-made concept in such a way that both customers
and dealers can benefit.
The vision is to open additional offices around the world from which we can train and
deploy more field staff.
Of course, our offices also serve as support, which of course has to grow with a growing
community.
Above all, we are aware that each country has its own culture and customs. Everyone
can, of course, best with their peers.
In order to show that InterCrone is there for everyone, qualified local staff are recruited for our branch offices and further trained through constant lectures and seminars.

InterCrone – Creating Jobs
22

23

12. Fair casino through
InterCrone
Build it and they will come!
Let them enjoy it and they will stay!
Build up trust and they will return!
That‘s the key to any casino business - building trust and entertainment, and that‘s
what we do. Bitcoin casinos are becoming more popular from day to day and are enjoying ever-increasing numbers of players around the world, that‘s why EdJoWa-Gaming
plans to use the innovative blockchain of InterCrone to pay attention not only to great
entertainment but also to the safety of the player.
A really random result in the most entertaining way.
The key to winning the player‘s trust is the event of creating a trustworthy „coincidence“ in the game that you can really prove.
Traditional casinos provide this trust over the physical equipment and trained croupiers, online casinos in turn through established branding and the marketing of prominent personalities. Our offer will cover and even surpass all the wishes of the players.
A really random result in the most trusting way.
We ensure this by creating a page that cannot be manipulated. With distributed autonomous technology, the casino has no influence on the random principle and thus can
prove that this cannot be influenced.
Fortuna is on our side! With an always motivated and growing team, a new technology
to watch and one of the biggest gaming offerings we are perfectly positioned to win a
significant share of this market for us.
24

13. Overview of the games
Card games:
Blackjack, Baccarat, all types of poker such as Texas Holdem, Omaha Holdem, Tournament Poker, Cash Game tables with various limits, just to name a few.
Roulette Tables:
American Roulette, German Roulette, Speed Roulette, London Roulette, Double Ball Roulette to list just a few
Some varieties also offer live tables.
The live tables are divided into groups and single live tables, where you can speak directly to the dealers.
Gaming slots:
over 150 different slot machines
Bets:
Live bets of all sports and also a virtual sports page.
Licensing:
A gaming license is requested through Curacao for all casinos. This license is fully accepted by the gaming and payment system providers. All of our gaming providers are
certified to the requirements of the Gambling Act in their respective jurisdictions.
InterCrone - The future of gaming

25

14. EdJoWa Education
It is important to us that all those who are going with us the way of the EdJoWa Holding and of course InterCrone are on the same level of knowledge as we are.
Only an investor who knows and deals with the matter can be sure where he/she
invests, because someone who has no idea, has no opinion must be content with the
opinion of others.
For this reason, we would like to produce videos and newsletters on the topic of crypto
currencies in order to provide our investors with well-developed knowledge.
Are you uncertain? Do not worry, soon you will be an expert!

InterCrone-the future of education
26

27

15. Epilogue
Finally, we would like to encourage anyone interested to contact us with any questions.
We will give you an answer as soon as possible.
Find us on telegram:
German-speaking group: https://t.me/InterCrone
International group: https://t.me/intercrone_international
InterCrone on Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/InterCrone/

For all those who still do not believe in us, do not worry, soon "faith" will no longer be
necessary, because the facts will speak for us.
Take the chance and be part of it right from the beginning and benefit from the price
gains and staking profits of the InterCrone!
www.intercrone.com
www.edjowa-holding.com
www.edjowa-marketing.at

I nte r C ro ne - The future i s NOW!

Impress
Herausgeber: EdJoWa Holding, Dun Karm Street 2, MT-9037 Birkirkara, office@edjowa-holding.com, www.edjowa-holding.com
Alle Angaben ohne Gewähr mit Stand: 05/2018. Bildnachweise: © unsplash.com. Satz- und Druckfehler vorbehalten.

28

29

