InvestDigital

One-stop Platform
for Cryptocurrency Investment

Abstract .............................................................................................................. III
Chapter 1 Cryptocurrency Investment ........................................................... 1
1.1
1.2
1.3
1.4

Trends of Cryptocurrencies ................................................................................ 1
Market of Cryptocurrency Investment ............................................................. 2
Requirements of Cryptocurrency Investment ................................................. 2
Mission of InvestDigital ...................................................................................... 4

Chapter 2 Products and Application of InvestDigital ................................... 5
2.1 Quantitative Tools ............................................................................................... 6
2.2 Cryptocurrency Investment Community .......................................................... 6
2.3 Cryptocurrency Funds Issuance Tool ................................................................ 6
2.4 Cryptocurrency Funds Accelerator Service ..................................................... 7
2.5 Cryptocurrency Funds Market ........................................................................... 7
2.6 Diversified Cryptocurrency Investment Products .......................................... 8
2.6.1 Cryptocurrency ETF............................................................................................. 8
2.6.2 Cryptocurrency FOF ............................................................................................ 8

Chapter 3 InvestDigital Overview ................................................................... 9
3.1 Business Model .................................................................................................... 9
3.2 InvestDigital Token ............................................................................................ 10
3.3 Token Distribution Plan ..................................................................................... 11

Chapter 4 Technology Architecture ............................................................... 12
4.1 Technology Architecture ................................................................................... 12
4.2 Oracle Machine Data Feeder ........................................................................... 12
4.3 InvestDigital Core .............................................................................................. 13
4.3.1 Funds Issuance .................................................................................................. 13
4.3.2 Purchasing .......................................................................................................... 13
4.3.3 Redeeming .......................................................................................................... 14
4.3.4 Dividend Distributing .......................................................................................... 14
4.3.5 Share Transferring ............................................................................................. 15
I

4.3.6 Token Mechanism .............................................................................................. 15
4.4 InvestDigital Marketplace ................................................................................ 15
4.4.1 Strategy/Fund Leaderboards............................................................................ 15
4.4.2 Fund Workshop .................................................................................................. 16
4.4.3 Fund Market ........................................................................................................ 16
4.4.4 Investment Community ..................................................................................... 16
4.5 InvestDigital Auditor ......................................................................................... 17
4.5.1 Fund Audit ........................................................................................................... 17
4.5.2 Abnormal Tracking ............................................................................................. 18
4.6 InvestDigital Toolset.......................................................................................... 18
4.6.1 Strategy Development and Back-testing Framework ................................... 18
4.6.2 Firm Trading Tools ............................................................................................. 19
4.6.3 Formal Verification Services ............................................................................. 19

Chapter 5 Technical Innovation ...................................................................... 20
5.1
5.2
5.3
5.4

The
The
The
The

First
First
First
First

Intelligent Investment Protocol Based on the EOS Blockchain . 20
Trusted Asset Management with EOS Oracle Machine .............. 20
Investment Platform Using Formal Verification Technology ...... 22
Reputation Mechanism Supporting Anonymous Rating ............. 23

Chapter 6 Implementation and Iteration of InvestDigital .......................... 25
6.1 Roadmap ............................................................................................................. 25
6.2 Ecology Development ....................................................................................... 27

II

Abstract
The global market capitalization for cryptocurrencies is on the rise with the
growing demand for cryptocurrency assets. Professional investors in the
traditional finance (such as fund managers, quantitative traders, etc.) are
entering this field. In order to establish the connection between general
investors and digital asset managers and to guarantee the general investor's
trust in asset management services, we put forward InvestDigital, a one-stop
investment service platform for cryptocurrency.
InvestDigital is committed to building the complete ecology of
cryptocurrency investments and building a financial services infrastructure for
the disorganized cryptocurrency market. InvestDigital will provide one-stop
solution for cryptocurrency asset managers to help them easily create and
securely manage cryptocurrency funds. With InvestDigital, general investors
can perform one-click direct investment in fund products that match their risk
appetites and yield expectations. InvestDigital Ecology also introduces tool
providers and data providers, to provide algorithmic traders with quantitative
tools and data services for the cryptocurrency market, helping them better
shape their investment strategy.
The white paper explains the market demands, products and services,
business models, technology roadmap, and token mechanisms of InvestDigital.

III

Chapter 1 Cryptocurrency Investment
1.1 Trends of Cryptocurrencies
With the rapid development of blockchain technology, cryptocurrencies
represented by Bitcoin has ushered in a blowout in terms of market
capitalization and transaction volume. At present, the overall market value of
cryptocurrencies in the world has exceeded 300 billion U.S. dollars. Its daily
trading volume ushered in a historic peak at 26 billion U.S. dollars on November
12, 2017. Michael Novogratz, one of the greatest Wall Street investment
managers, predicts that the global market capitalization for cryptocurrencies will
reach 5 trillion U.S. dollars in five years. Cryptocurrency is attracting more
attention from traditional investment industries. Recently, the Chicago
Mercantile Exchange (CME) and the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE)
announced plans to launch Bitcoin futures in the fourth quarter of 2017.
Subsequently, the Nasdaq Stock Exchange also announced plans to launch
future contracts based on Bitcoin in 2018.

Figure 1.1 Trends of Global Cryptocurrencies

1

1.2
Market
Investment

of

Cryptocurrency

At present, cryptocurrencies are just emerging and retail investors account
for most of the proportion. With their further maturity, more and more
professional investors will be involved. In mature market, professional investors
are the main body of the market, while general investors are more inclined to
seek help from professional fund managers. Take the US stock market as an
example, according to the data of 2016, on the scale of capital, the stock market
is close to 25.2 trillion U.S. dollars in total; the fund size of equity funds is 9.8
trillion U.S. dollars and the fund market value accounts for 38.9% of the total.
As for the turnover, the proportion of institutions is more than 70%. Based on
this projection, the cryptocurrency investment market will mature to more than
1 trillion U.S. dollars. There is reason to believe that with the increasing
abundance of various derivatives and quantitative tools in the global
cryptocurrency investment market, professional investors will become the
dominant market for cryptocurrencies.

1.3 Requirements of Cryptocurrency
Investment
Cryptocurrency is a new concept which requires strong investment
expertise. Cryptocurrency investment is in the transitional phase from the
initial stage to the mature stage. In this stage, both general investors and
professional investors are constrained in many aspects in the market for
cryptocurrency investment.
For general investors, there is a lack of knowledge and skills for
cryptocurrency investments, which urgently requires professional asset
management services. The first is the lack of knowledge. The various types
of cryptocurrencies require the investors not only to understand its basic
principles, but also to handle tedious operations, such as purse management,
opening accounts in the exchange and deal-making, which have made a large
number of potential investors discouraged. The second is the inadequate
investment skills. Without a programmatic trading tool, it is difficult to handle the
7/24 trading; without understanding derivative instruments such as futures
contracts, it is hard to hedge the high volatility risk. Third, cryptocurrency assets
management services and investment community have not yet developed, and
there is no reliable way for general investors to find professional cryptocurrency
funds, which makes it difficult to clearly understand all the three aspects:
cryptocurrency market, financial investment knowledge and their own risk
2

tolerance. Therefore, seeking professional services of asset management
institutions is also the realistic demand of individual investors.

For professional investors, there is a lack of access to general
investors and quantitative tools, and it is difficult to get trusted by
investors. First, the lack of channels makes it difficult to establish links with
general investors, therefore many excellent investment strategies struggle to
raise enough funds. Second, due to the lack of strategy for cryptocurrency
investment, back-testing and firm trading tools, it is difficult for traditional
algorithm traders to enter the emerging market of cryptocurrency. Third, without
mature market supervision, it is difficult for the real performance of the fund and
the safe custody of the capital account either to prove innocent, or to get trusted
by general investors.
Therefore, the cryptocurrency investment market needs a one-stop service
platform that fulfill the demands of both general and professional investors to
help the majority of participants quickly discover and realize the investment
value of cryptocurrency.

Figure 1.2 A one-stop investment platform for cryptocurrencies

3

1.4 Mission of InvestDigital
InvestDigital, a builder of global intelligence cryptocurrency investment
ecology, is dedicated to creating a one-stop platform for cryptocurrency
investment services with digital asset management protocol and toolsets on the
EOS blockchain; providing the basic financial services for the rapidly expanding
cryptocurrency market; building up a complete ecology from content/tools
(investment discussions) to investment strategies (portfolios) to financial
products (funds), making it a more efficient market; and helping to allocate the
limited financial resources most efficiently to the investments that generate the
greatest returns and thereby enhance the public welfare of the entire ecology.

Figure 1.3 Mission

4

Chapter 2 Products and Application of
InvestDigital

Figure 2.1 InvestDigital Application

5

2.1 Quantitative Tools
InvestDigital offers a wealth of strategy developing tools and back-testing
environments that can help to develop cryptocurrency trading strategies for
different investment styles, risk appetites and revenue forecasts, such as
investment and hedge of single cryptocurrency, portfolio of multiple
cryptocurrencies (e.g. ETF), cryptocurrency contracts, futures, etc., and use the
exchange data to conduct back-testing, to stimulate firm trading verification in
a credible environment, to improve the effectiveness of quantitative strategies
and enrich the quantitative investment ecology of cryptocurrency.

2.2
Cryptocurrency
Community

Investment

InvestDigital provides an investment community based on the follow-up
relationship between users, which can meet the personalized needs of
investors for investment information, help investors find valuable trading
strategies and asset management products, and help to eliminate blind angles
in information to reduce uncertainty in investment decisions.
The investment community can generate effective content and social
relations, which will further promote the transaction; at the same time, social
relations will improve credit that can be used in financial transactions to further
ensure the reliability. When browsing the pages of each investment product on
InvestDigital, users can see the huge amount of content generated by investors
around it to easily extract the characteristics of investment products' returns
and risks. By visiting each investor's page, users can see the funds he is
interested in and know his trading style. If the characteristics of the investment
product match the investor's preferences, the transaction is likely to get
concluded.

2.3 Cryptocurrency Funds Issuance Tool
Excellent algorithmic traders and asset managers can use InvestDigital to
apply for issuance of funds and asset management products to preserve and
enhance the value of their digital assets while collecting service commissions.
InvestDigital offers a series of smart contracts to complete the automated
issuance of funds, which can significantly shorten the time it takes for the fund
6

to be established and reduce the cost of establishing and running the fund.
Fund issuance and smart contract management provides storage of product
pricing, trading rules, exchange information, transaction execution, chained
data access, portfolio related data, etc., as well as management fee settings
and dividend calculations.

2.4 Cryptocurrency Funds Accelerator
Service
InvestDigital provides performance demonstrations for smaller funds, such
as sub-$10 million funds, to help them get funding on the platform and find
potential resources. When the size of the fund has grown to $10 million, it is
very difficult to reach customers one by one. InvestDigital will select and further
promote the funds with stronger profitability, diversified returns and lower
market correlation. InvestDigital will hold a fund contest to observe the
performance of the participating funds for a period of time. After the observation
period, InvestDigital and its partners will conduct due diligence over the elected
funds and talk to the fund managers to achieve the final result. Support to the
funds includes but is not limited to continuous online and offline media
promotion and branding, financial support based on the practical scale, strategy
quantity, strategy capacity and other factors, entrance to the consignment
observation pool and reduction in the agency fee as appropriate.

2.5 Cryptocurrency Funds Market
InvestDigital provides a cryptocurrency funds market, offering product
demonstrations and sales services to outstanding funds on the platform,
allowing investors to see more of the fund's competitiveness and excellent
performance and thus choosing investment targets in a wider range.
InvestDigital also offers display and consignment services to other out-ofplatform funds.
InvestDigital is also a cryptocurrency fund investment portal where
investors match and invest in their own investment demands to obtain payment
dependent notes generated in the form of smart contracts. During the operation
of the product, the cryptocurrency quantitative products automatically conclude
the transactions in the InvestDigital intelligent trading system and dynamically
adjust the parameters of the trading strategy according to the market changes
during the transactions to realize the goal of value-adding of the assets, and
automatically obtain the investment returns after the products expire.

7

2.6
Diversified
Investment Products

Cryptocurrency

InvestDigital will be committed to providing or developing a rich portfolio of
cryptocurrencies that will accelerate cryptocurrency as an important asset
allocation option for traditional financial institutions, Fintech companies, and
high net worth investors, driving the tide of cryptocurrency investment.

2.6.1 Cryptocurrency ETF
In response to the asset allocation demands of both passive and flexible
investors, InvestDigital and its developer ecology will work on creating a
cryptocurrency index, tracking the performance of multiple cryptocurrencies
and developing rich cryptocurrency ETF products, such as A50 cryptocurrency
funds, steady cryptocurrency funds, etc., to fill vacancies of fund products in
the cryptocurrency market.

2.6.2 Cryptocurrency FOF
InvestDigital and its developer ecology are committed to building a FOF
portfolio in order to reduce the risks of asset allocation and proactive
management, thereby reducing the investment threshold. By scientific
performance attribution on the net value and positions of the funds, we can
select the appropriate sub-fund, and develop configuration programs and
investment strategies to form FOF products. Through continuous monitoring
during operation, it will ensure that there is no significant deviation between the
current position of the parent fund and the hedging configuration, so as to
ensure the stability of the overall risk of the parent fund.

8

Chapter 3 InvestDigital Overview
3.1 Business Model

Figure 3.1 Business Model of InvestDigital

InvestDigital offers full life cycle services for cryptocurrency funds.
Algorithmic traders write, back-test, and firm implement their own investment
strategy through the toolset. InvestDigital will select outstanding strategies
based on their firm performance to form a fund product issued to the fund
market. At the same time, InvestDigital will provide fund accelerator services to
potential strategies to ensure that outstanding strategies can be fully promoted
to help them obtain sufficient funds. InvestDigital fund market will be take the
funds’ net value, the maximum retracement and other technical indicators as
the basis for fund rankings, investors who are interested in cryptocurrencies
can select fund products which match their own risk appetites and return
expectations for investment.
Throughout the process, the back-testing results, firm data, net value
information, etc. of the strategies will be recorded to the blockchain by EOS
prediction machine, to guarantee the authenticity and effectiveness of the data
with no tampering, and protect the investors from fraud; algorithm traders’
updates and changes on strategies will also be written into the blockchain to
prevent malicious operation; at the same time, the Fund's subscripting,
redeeming and dividend distributing will be performed through formal
9

verification of the smart contract to guarantee the security of funds and fairness
of investment; also, traders' data of historical performance along with
evaluations from traders and investors will be recorded on the blockchain,
promoting ecological development from a multi-constraint perspective.

3.2 InvestDigital Token
InvestDigital will issue IDT (InvestDigital Token), a unified token, to
stimulate and safeguard the healthy development of ecology and to facilitate
the organic flow of multiple parties in the community. IDT token is the local
currency of the InvestDigital ecology based on the Ethereum ERC20 Token
Standard, and it will be transferred to EOS after the launch of EOS main
network. The scenarios of use are as follows:

Figure 3.2 Flow of InvestDigital Token

1. Algorithm trader: IDT tokens will be consumed for using InvestDigital's
related data services and toolsets; launching funds at InvestDigital
Marketplace; participating in community management, displaying and
promoting their own strategies, and creating intimate group chat.
2. Cryptocurrency Investors: Investors can use IDT tokens to obtain
investor privileges on InvestDigital Marketplace, such as product
recommendations, research reports, private services, etc.
3. Providers of data services and tools: IDT tokens as rewards will be
issued to the data providers, toolset providers, and smart contract
formal verification providers in the InvestDigital community to
encourage them to provide high quality service.
4. Cryptocurrency Fund Manager: The performance display and sales of
cryptocurrency funds through InvestDigital Marketplace consume IDT
10

tokens.

3.3 Token Distribution Plan
Token Allocation

10% 10%

Angel and Cornerstone Investors

10%

Token Sale
Team

25%

45%

Business Development
Community Development

Total Supply: 800 Million Tokens
The total supply of IDT is 800 Million, 80 million IDT tokens are taken by
angel and cornerstone investors, 360 million of IDT tokens are distributed
through token sale, 200 million of IDT tokens are held by InvestDigital team, ,
another 80 million IDT tokens are proposed to be used for business
development and the last 80 million IDT tokens will be used for community
development. IDT tokens will be released within 1 month after the token sale,
and the tokens held by InvestDigital team and the bonus portion for angel and
cornerstone investors will have a long-term vesting period.
The proceeds raised from the token sale are intended be used for the
following purposes:
1) Fund the development, research and establishment of the InvestDigital
platform;
2) Marketing and operating expenses related to InvestDigital platform.

11

Chapter 4 Technology Architecture
4.1 Technology Architecture
InvestDigital is established on the EOS blockchain infrastructure, mainly
includes Oracle Machine Data Feeder、InvestDigital Core、InvestDigital Auditor、
InvestDigital Marketplace and Toolset.

Figure 4.1 Technology Architecture of InvestDigital

4.2 Oracle Machine Data Feeder
Oracle Machine Data Feeder is a reliable data acquisition service. By
building a multi-morphological prediction machine, the algorithmic traders can
access the open data of the exchange, the centralized market data forecast,
and the encrypted data. These data help algorithmic traders optimize portfolios
and investment strategies; data providers also receive economic rewards
(tokens) and internal rating enhancements that motivate them to consistently
deliver high-quality data.

12

4.3 InvestDigital Core
InvestDigital Core offers cryptocurrency fund products subscripting, share
transfer, redeeming, dividend distributing and other services based on smart
contracts, as well as trader management fee calculation and other functions.

4.3.1 Funds Issuance
InvestDigital will allow traders with good firm performance and no bad credit
history to issue their own funds in the fund market.
For the centralized exchanges: Investors will transfer cryptocurrency into
the smart contract account under multi-party control and obtain the
corresponding fund shares. The cryptocurrency in the exchange account can
only be withdrawn to the smart contract account, to guarantee the security of
investors’ funds.
For the decentralized exchanges: With the continuous improvement of
decentralized trading techniques, InvestDigital will also support fund products
based on decentralized exchanges for low latency and low rates. The entire
investment and dividend distributing process utilizes a cross-chain atomic
exchange technique, automated through a set of smart contracts in a
decentralized transaction network.

4.3.2 Purchasing
For open-end funds, the total share is not fixed, investors can purchase at
any time concerning their own circumstances. We purchase correspondingly
upon the generated shares. The share of each investor in a given fund can be
expressed by the following formula:
Holding Shares
Proportion =
Total Shares
6

The share price 𝑝57 of the Fund m at time ti takes the unit of investment
cryptocurrency (such as BTC, EOS, etc.) given in the fund, determined by the
;

price vector

897
.. :
..
;7
89

of virtual assets in the Fund m portfolio in the current

=

6

moment. 𝑝>7? represents the price of the cryptocurrency 𝑎A for the given
investment cryptocurrency in the fund at ti. When the user invests N given
13

investment cryptocurrencies in Fund m, InvestDigital will generate Q=

B
;

8C7

shares for this investor.
InvestDigital supports investors with one-click direct investment based on
a variety of mainstream cryptocurrencies. InvestDigital has originated the
cross-chain atomic exchange technology based on the fair exchange protocol,
to guarantee the mutual exchange of assets among different blockchain
systems according to the agreed rules among multiple parties that do not trust
each other, and to ensure the convenience of funds purchasing.

4.3.3 Redeeming
We conduct redeeming by destructing the investor's share. When an
6

investor applies for redemption, N=Q*𝑝57 units of investment cryptocurrency
6

will be obtained. Since the stock price (cryptocurrency price) 𝑝57 is dynamically
changing, the N that investor redeemed will also change. At the same time,
InvestDigital will destruct the previous Q shares held by the investor (to update
the fund shares after redemption) to ensure a dynamic market equilibrium. The
6

net value 𝑉57 of Fund m at a time can be calculated using the following formula:
6

𝑉57 =

67
E
AFG 𝑝>?

6

6

ℎ>7? , where ℎ>7? represents the amount of digital assets 𝑎A held

by the fund at ti.
During the implementation of the strategy, traders can dynamically adjust
and update the strategy according to the external environment, recorded in the
EOS blockchain through EOS prediction machine service, and regularly
publicizes the net value and other indicators to ensure the correctness of the
fund's stock price.

4.3.4 Dividend Distributing
InvestDigital will distribute the fund dividend through a smart contract. We
take trustworthy fund net value and investor share provided by EOS predictors
as the input, and automatically distribute dividends to investors. For investment
managers, management fees and commissions will be offered. Management
fees are determined by the size of the funds being managed while commissions
are determined by the performance of the funds. Commission are generally
calculated by the following two methods: 1. High water method: investment
managers can get a commission only when the performance of the fund is no
worse than the benchmark given when the fund is established; 2. Step-ladder
14

method: Delineating the intervals on the performance of the fund, in each
interval, investment managers can get different percentage of the commission.
In addition, InvestDigital also supports the way of division agreed by investment
managers and investors.

4.3.5 Share Transferring
For closed-end funds, investors will be blocked as soon as they reach a
defined limit and will not be able to conduct purchasing and redeeming.
InvestDigital will provide a share transfer function internally to provide a C2C
platform for investors to conclude transactions of fund shares and
cryptocurrency.

4.3.6 Token Mechanism
In InvestDigital, IDT tokens, as the local currency circulating within the
platform, underpin the continued operation of the entire model, and are an
important credential within community governance. By paying with IDTs,
cryptocurrency investors, quantitative traders and fund managers can gain
access to a range of functional modules in InvestDigital; within the community,
the decision-making powers on various proposals will be allocated based on
IDT holdings. At the same time, IDT, as a monetary incentive of economics, will
continuously inspire data providers and tool providers to provide better services.

4.4 InvestDigital Marketplace
InvestDigital Marketplace is the web portal to InvestDigital ecology and
offers a wide range of services including strategy/fund leaderboards, fund
workshop, fund market and investment community.

4.4.1 Strategy/Fund Leaderboards
InvestDigital offers a multi-dimensional leaderboard on performance of
strategy/fund issued and supports demonstrating strategy/fund performance
based on their valuation indicators (including absolute return, maximum
drawdown, Sharpe ratio, etc.). It can assist investors in different needs to
quickly find the most suitable fund. Meanwhile, the transparent and
untampering characteristics of blockchain technology will protect the interests
of the outstanding traders, whose good strategies and good investment skills
will be fairly and equitably displayed.
15

4.4.2 Fund Workshop
InvestDigital joins several investment institutions to seek for investment
managers and funds (strategies) that have growth potential and investment
value, and to provide multi-dimensional support to potential and high-quality
funds (strategies) including but not limited to: ongoing online and offline media
promotion and branding; financial support considering comprehensive factors
such as practical scale, strategy quantity and strategy capacity; entrance to
the consignment observation pool with lower due diligence requirements for
agency consignment as appropriate; and other supports that high-quality funds
need.

4.4.3 Fund Market
Through the InvestDigital fund market, an unobstructed link between
investors and funds is established. Fund market offers different types and
portfolios of fund products, investors can directly invest in their favorite funds,
and InvestDigital's strong technical system along with secure smart contracts
can fully guarantee the interests of investors. Investment managers can make
the performance speak through the fund market, and access clients in a short
time. InvestDigital’s advanced evaluation and arbitration system also eliminates
a lot of unnecessary troubles, even if there is a dispute, it can be fairly and
quickly solved. InvestDigital fund market encourages outstanding traders to
issue their own funds, and also welcome the other fund agencies to display and
sell their own fund products. We are committed to creating a truly secure mutual
trust platform for cryptocurrency investment.

4.4.4 Investment Community
InvestDigital aims to provide the complete ecology of cryptocurrency
investment. As a result, the development of digital funds will continue to breed
discussions on cryptocurrency investment. In order to enable investors to find
a fair, open and high-quality information exchange carrier, to help investment
managers and tools/data providers quickly access market needs and user
feedback, InvestDigital will provide a discussion community based on the user's
follow relationship. At the same time, discussions on InvestDigital products will
be automatically tagged to related products: users can get into the product
details page through the tags when browsing the community, and they can also
see the relevant discussions within the community when browsing the product.

16

In the current cryptocurrency investment market, information can
significantly affect the investment thinking of investors. Due to the specificity of
investment community, it is often difficult for investors to immediately tell the
value of information received. Instead, they need to make accurate judgments
based on the follow-up trend of the market. It is often not credible to determine
the value of the content simply by the flow (reading volume, number of like,
comments and reposts, etc.). However, in investment-oriented communities,
there are often KOL promoting funds with benefits, and paid posters disrupting
investors' judgment. This not only causes pollution of content but also infringes
the interests of investors and other investment managers. InvestDigital will use
an anonymous reputation mechanism based on verifiable shuffles and linkable
ring signatures to build a content rating system and credit scoring system upon
users’ long-term associated identities within the community, preventing
malicious negatives and fake positives on basis of anonymous rating, to
minimize the impact of such behaviors.
In addition, users can create intimate group chats through the InvestDigital
community to protect users' discussions and sharing of project prospects and
investment strategies in a secure and confidential environment.

4.5 InvestDigital Auditor
4.5.1 Fund Audit
As the current regulation of cryptocurrency investment is still not perfect, in
order to ensure the rights and interests of investors, InvestDigital will provide
fund audit service to detect and warn abnormal transactions timely. Audit
services include pre-audit and periodic audit.
Pre-audit: InvestDigital will perform a due diligence on investment
managers who issue funds through the platform, conducting a comprehensive
and in-depth review in the background, market risk, management risk, technical
risk and capital risk, etc., combined with their historical performance and
evaluation, and form a complete due diligence report. With respect to other
funds sold on InvestDigital, we will review and monitor their authenticity,
correctness, compliance and legitimacy.
Periodic audits: During the operation of the fund, InvestDigital will
periodically perform audit on the fund. The audit covers internal and the external
sections. The internal audit is mainly based on the performance of the fund.
The external audit will mainly investigate the external environment in which the
fund manager is located, and conduct a return visit to fund managers and
investors.
17

4.5.2 Abnormal Tracking
Although the formal verification based on the smart contracts can
fundamentally guarantee the fairness of the investment and dividend
distributing process, it can not fundamentally constrain some of the unlawful
operations: for example, investment managers in the process of fund
purchasing pull up the stock price by maliciously raising the price of digital
assets to mislead investors; or the rat warehouse operation in cryptocurrency
trading. InvestDigital will track these operations and handle them in a timely
manner to safeguard investors' rights and interests.

4.6 InvestDigital Toolset
Toolset is a series of InvestDigital tools including strategy development and
back-testing framework, firm trading tools and formal verification services.

4.6.1 Strategy Development and Back-testing Framework
Strategy development and back-testing framework is a toolsets of strategy
writing and back-testing for quantitative developers. Developers can complete
the preparation and compilation of strategies through Web IDE without setting
up any local scenario. InvestDigital will also provide a series of strategy
templates and example algorithms, which will greatly reduce the workload of
developers. InvestDigital will also provide the friendly interface of IFTTT (If This
Then That), such as selling when broken below the 15 day moving average and
helping users who have no knowledge of code to easily write quantitative
strategies, to truly realize the decoupling of technology and business.
For a well-written strategy, InvestDigital will provide historical data of the
exchange for back-testing. Based on selected ranges of date, it can form backtesting results including indicators such as back-testing returns, annualized
back-testing returns, maximum retracement, Alpha, Beta and Sharpe ratio.
InvestDigital supports generating income curve as well as the intuitive contrast
with the benchmark returns and other strategic returns in the same chart. Backtesting results can also be split by the transaction details, positions and other
dimensions, to help quantitative traders continue to improve their own strategy
algorithm.

18

4.6.2 Firm Trading Tools
Due to the objective factors such as slippage and survivor bias and the
subjective factors such as using future function when writing, the back-testing
result can only be used for reference and can not reflect the fund's trading
performance in firm practice. At the same time, for the investment managers
with an interest in issuing funds, their own showcase of deals is not convincing.
They also require a performance channel that delivers credible results.
InvestDigital takes full account of these requirements and will connect to
multiple exchange interfaces to allow traders to perform algorithmic strategies
in firm trading as well as to place manual orders. The result will provide credible
performance display based on EOS prediction machine.

4.6.3 Formal Verification Services
The greatest lesson from the DAO incident is that we should pay special
attention to the security of smart contracts. In the InvestDigital ecology, the
security of a smart contract is the foundation of the entire system because
operations directly related to the funds and assets, such as fund purchasing,
redeeming, and dividend distributing, are all automatic performed through
smart contracts. InvestDigital will use formal verification techniques to detect
and avoid possible loopholes in smart contracts. We will use formal testing
techniques such as model checking and theorem proving to ensure the
correctness and security of InvestDigital's smart contract codes, minimize the
possibility of attacks on smart contracts and safeguard the financial security of
investors.

19

Chapter 5 Technical Innovation
5.1 The First Intelligent Investment
Protocol Based on the EOS Blockchain
InvestDigital is a combination of blockchain technology and digital asset
management, as well as the first cryptocurrency intelligence investment
protocol based on the EOS blockchain. The EOS blockchain platform was
designed based on well proven and long practiced concepts, representing a
fundamental advance in blockchain technology. With the excellent features of
EOS, such as high throughput and efficient prediction machines, InvestDigital
will be served with high processing capacity for smart contracts and low latency
for data services. Based on EOS, future InvestDigital will be able to support
millions of users with easy bug recovery and upgrades as well as good
scalability.

Figure 5.1 First Intelligent Investment Protocol based on EOS Blockchain

5.2 The First Trusted Asset Management
with EOS Oracle Machine
InvestDigital is committed to building a credible asset management
platform, and it has been the first real scenario of EOS's Oracle machine service.
InvestDigital achieves a combination of off-chain business processes and onchain smart contracts through the EOS Oracle-machine mechanism, which is
20

interworking of data in and out of the chain. By introducing information such as
firm data, fund net value and historical trading data from off-chain financial
systems to the EOS blockchain system, the authenticity of the asset
management data and its inability to be tampered with are realized. This can
also ensure that trading records and results are traceable, and the manual
intervention process of the strategy is transparent, while all the data can be
traced in the event of non-compliance.

Figure 5.2 First Trusted Asset Management with EOS Oracle Machine

InvestDigital's data services use the EOS Oracle Machine to complete
data collection, acquisition and sharing, mainly including public data, market
data forecast and privacy data forecasting.
Public Data: Off-chain data (e.g., exchange data) are imported into the
chain mainly through a series of processes such as community voting by the
data feeder of Oracle prediction machine.
Prediction Market Data: The financial markets are the prediction of the
future. The current major market analysis and the forecast of future finance are
created by several professionals who access broadly the same information. We
believe the more people involved in the prediction market will bring richer
information and stronger collective intelligence. We will get high-quality data
sets by building decentralized prediction markets. Analysts, traders and fund
managers can work on investment strategies based on these data.
21

Private Data: We fully understand the potential distrust of analysts and
traders on the InvestDigital platform and the unwillingness to share strategyrelated private data on the platform. We will establish a mandatory privacy
protecting data sharing platform through multi-party computing technology, so
that investors can observe the technical indicators of the strategy such as backtesting output (capital account net value, maximum retracement, etc.) while the
details of the strategy itself are invisible.
We can handle these three types of data with a variety of forms of services
from EOS Oracle machine, such as the on-chain Oracle machine which
completely relies on on-chain data to provide data services, the centralized
Oracle machine which trust an off-chain data source to provide services, the
decentralized Oracle machine which is jointly served by all participating parties
in the blockchain, and the hybrid Oracle machine combining the various forms
above.

5.3 The First Investment Platform Using
Formal Verification Technology
The attack on the DAO smart contract and recent attacks on Parity, the
multi-signature wallet smart contract, all indicate the importance of smart
contract security. The research team from the National University of Singapore
and Cornell University tested the smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain
and found that about 44% of the smart contracts are suffering security risks.
Formal Verification is a method of using mathematical methods to verify
whether a system comply with certain security attributes, mainly including
model checking and theorem proving. Model checking constructs the software
as an abstract model such as a state machine or a directed graph, and
describes the security attributes by using formal expressions such as
modal/temporal logic formulas. The model is then traversed to verify whether
these security attributes of the software are complied with. Theorem proving
transforms the problem to be verified into a mathematical theorem proving
problem to determine whether the program complies with certain security
attributes.

22

Figure 5.3 First Investment Platform Using Formal Verification Technology

InvestDigital attaches great importance to the security of smart contracts.
We have established a set of theoretical system of smart contract verification
based on formal verification technology, and put forward the solution of
automated verification tools, mainly to ensure the correctness, security and
compliance of fund subscription and dividend distributing smart contracts.

5.4 The First Reputation Mechanism
Supporting Anonymous Rating
InvestDigital set up incentives with rewards and penalties through a
reputation mechanism to address issues such as malware reviews and fake
ratings in the investment community, and to maintain a civilized community
discussion environment. One of the great advantages of the reputation
mechanism is that it can perform anonymous reputation calculations based on
verifiable shuffles and linkable ring signatures technology without revealing the
true identity of the user and increase user’s engagement and loyalty.
Reputation mechanism consists of many rounds of message sending and
feedback. At the beginning of each round, server maintains the long-term
database identities of all clients and their encrypted reputation ratings. In each
round, the server runs a scheduling algorithm based on a verifiable shuffle
protocol, turning the reputation list into an anonymous permutation list based
on a one-time pseudonym and a corresponding plaintext reputation rating. We
use a decentralized scheduling protocol, where neither the server nor the client
(except the owner) can associate a one-time pseudonym with a long-term
identity. Clients anonymously publish messages using one-time pseudonyms.
23

The server can correlate these messages with their corresponding reputation
ratings without knowing the client's sensitive information. Each client will then
give feedback (e.g., vote) on the posted messages of other users. Each vote is
signed using a linkable ring signature so that the server can verify that each
customer votes once without revealing the identity of the voter. This design
allows the server to not associate voting with long-term identities when counting
positive and negative votes. Finally, the server updates the reputation ratings
based on the feedbacks from the one-time pseudonyms and then performs
"reverse scheduling" to restore the updated reputation ratings of those one-time
pseudonyms to their original long-term identities and their crypto-updated
reputation ratings.

Figure 5.4 First Reputation Mechanism Supporting Anonymous Rating

24

Chapter 6 Implementation and Iteration
of InvestDigital
6.1 Roadmap
InvestDigital's initial vision began with the DAO, in which several experts in
the field of information security sought to provide a digital asset investment
program based on secure smart contracts, and delve deeper into formal
verification of smart contracts. After discussing with several experts in the field
of intelligent investment and conducting extensive market research, the
InvestDigital team sees that smart investment platform for digital asset will
become a new demand with a broad market prospect. Early in 2017, the
InvestDigital team started project planning and verified key technologies at
Ethereum. As EOS continues to evolve and mature, the InvestDigital team
realizes that the EOS platform with better throughput has better adaptability
and scalability for high-frequency and faster transactions, so InvestDigital will
build digital asset investments and trading ecology based on the EOS platform.
We expect to start the development of the first prototype system in Q1 2018,
including the demo version of InvestDigital Toolset and InvestDigital
Marketplace, which will be accessed into test network in Q2. We will start to
support services like issuance and subscripting of centralized exchange funds
in Q3 and Q4 2018, and constantly improve the details of the project to get
prepared for launching in the EOS main network. After the decentralized
exchange matures, InvestDigital will also tap into a decentralized exchange to
expand its presence. Throughout the entire process of development, the
InvestDigital team will closely track the progress of the EOS project and move
it forward. With the continuous evolving of the EOS ecology, InvestDigital will
successively access a variety of other EOS-based applications to improve the
user experience, and grow to be the first, most professional and forward looking
multi-digital asset intelligence investment platform in EOS ecology.

Version Milestone

Code

Achievements
InvestDigital Marketplace

1

Q1 2018

Armadillo

l
l

Strategy leaderboard
Fund leaderboard

InvestDigital Toolset
25

Version Milestone

Code

Achievements
l

Allow writing IFTTT investment strategy
in Python and client back-testing

InvestDigital Core
l

Token mechanism

Oracle Machine Data Feeder
l

Access to off-chain public data

EOS Blockchain Infrastructure
l

Launch the test network

InvestDigital Marketplace
l
l
l

IDT token incentives
Support issuing funds in centralized
exchanges
Support subscripting funds

InvestDigital Toolset
l

2

Q3/Q4
2018

Echidna

Integrated web-based IDE and backtesting environment

InvestDigital Core
l

Fund issuing, purchasing, redeeming,
dividend distributing and transferring
mechanism based on centralized
exchange

Oracle Machine Data Feeder
l

Access market forecasts

EOS Blockchain Infrastructure
l

Launch the main network

InvestDigital Marketplace
l

Hold a quantitative trading contest

InvestDigital Toolset
l

Provide algorithmic traders with market
data forecast

InvestDigital Core
3

Q1 2019

Kookaburra l

Fund issuing, purchasing, redeeming,
dividend distributing and transferring
mechanism based on decentralized
exchange

InvestDigital Auditor
l

Fund audit

Oracle Machine Data Feeder
l

Support data privacy

InvestDigital Marketplace
l

Support fund incubation and acceleration

InvestDigital Toolset
l

4

Q3 2019

Platypus

Support advanced data services with IDT
token incentives

InvestDigital Core
l

Support charging IDT tokens for fund
issuance and management

InvestDigital Auditor
l

26

Support abnormal tracking

Version Milestone

Code

Achievements
InvestDigital Marketplace
l

Issue diversified quantitative investment
products

InvestDigital Toolset
5

Q4 2019

Quokka

l

Provide formal verification tools for smart
contracts

InvestDigital Core
l

Support various types of products like
ETF and FOF

Oracle Machine Data Feeder
l

Access data of decentralized exchange

6.2 Ecology Development
As the first digital assets strategy market on the EOS platform, InvestDigital
will provide a good platform for digital asset investors and investment managers
to promote the rapid and diversified development of digital assets. At the same
time, InvestDigital will be dedicated to connecting, enriching and improving
upstream and downstream application. InvestDigital will attract more upstream
data providers and tool developers to provide high-quality, timely and reliable
data as well as convenient, safe and efficient tools. Meanwhile, the continuous
development InvestDigital will promote the launching and improving of the
applications for digital asset information, market forecast, social community,
and decentralized exchanges. Moreover, InvestDigital also conducts
occasional online and offline events such as contests and salons, issuing IDT
tokens as rewards for contest winners and users who deliver useful
suggestions for the event, to encourage each user in the community to be
actively involved in the management and operation of the entire project.

27

