Cryptocurrency for traders, investors and miners

THE FIRST HYBRID CRYPTOCURRENCY
							IN CRYPTOWORLD

receipt

About IQ.cash
IQ.сash is universal large-scale blockchain platform for Traders, Investors & Miners. Its main goal is to provide instant anonymous
online payments and investing. Cryptocurrency has millions of active users around the world and the number of people
constantly grows very fast.
We create the first in the world hybrid coin/token cryptocurrency which includes 80% coin and 20% coin/token (Crypto
Depositary Receipt). IQ.cash is the best way to increase currency liquidity and to list tokens on exchanges closed for coins.
Investors will be able to exchange IQ receipt to IQ.cash with no limit on a 1 to 1 rate starting October 1 and get passive income
from coins (ROI 500% according to the 1st of August). Miners can exchange IQ.cash to IQ receipt and get access to the
maximum amount of crypto exchanges and sell their coins to investors.
IQ.сash team has developed and created Masternode network IQ for investors.
Now traders can trade IQ on cryptoexchanges. Investors with more than 3000 IQ can get passive income of 57% from the block,
and miners get 43% from the block. The remaining 6% (24924 IQ monthly) reserved for DAO is used to invest in different trading
projects like software, web sites, algorithmic trading systems, trading bots, startups, improvement of IQ.cash ecosystem and
more.
This will allow IQ.сash to become a leader of crypto industry for traders and hold maximum efficiency and privacy payments
among the largest financial companies.

IQ.cash key features

SECURITY

MASTERNODE

ANONYMITY

Cryptocurrency now has millions of active users
in the world and number continues growing rapidly!
The user’s account can not be blocked, and the funds
can not be accessed by anyone but its owner.

IQ.Cash uses the algorithm consensus PoW with
the masternode system support. This makes the project
economically attractive for mining 43%, and provides
passive income 57% to masternode holders.
Masternode provides network integrity,
anonymity of transactions and speed of transactions.
How to get a Masternode: you have to invest 3000 IQ.

Anonymity of transactions in the system
is provided by the PrivateSend algorithm.
Users can trust the system completely.
They don’t have to worry about third-party access to data,
as the system securely encrypts data when transferring
and receiving assets.

ASIC RESISTANCE

TRANSACTIONS SPEED

DECENTRALIZATION

Technology that solves the problem of significant acceleration of
network complexity growth when using ASIC
(in comparison with CPU usage).
IQ.cash network uses NeoScrypt algorithm
to solve this problem.

High speed transactions ensured by the instantaneous
exchange of data (InstantSend) across the network.
The transaction time is about 5 seconds.

IQ.Cash network implies the inability of creating sites
that have a dominant influence on the other members of the network.
Influence on coins is also excluded as their release is limited,
and additional emission is not provided.

Block Reward Distribution

IQ.cash splits its block reward:

Superblock

(reserved for DAO)

6%

57% to Masternodes,
43% to Miners
both fetched from (Reward-6%) formula
6% is reserved for Best Traders projects
(DAO system)

To Miners

43%

TOTAL
SUPPLY
To Masternodes

57%
Premine

IQ receipt
We are happy to release Crypto Depositary Receipt (IQ receipt).
We created the first ever hybrid coin/token cryptocurrency – IQ which includes 80% coin and 20% coin/token (Crypto
Depositary Receipt). IQ.cash is the best way to increase currency liquidity and to list tokens on exchanges, which are not
closed for coins. FINEXPO depositary with a premine fund of IQ.cash guarantees 1 to 1 exchange rate.
The price of tokens and coins will be increased due to obtained investments (ICO IQ receipt) which help to acquire listing
on maximum amount of crypto exchanges (from August 1, 2018 to November 1, 2018).

receipt
Investors will be able to exchange IQ receipt with no limit to IQ.cash on a 1 to 1 rate starting October 1 and get passive
income from coins (ROI 500% following data from August 1). Miners can exchange IQ.cash to IQ receipt and get access to
the maximum amount of crypto exchanges and sell their coins to investors.
					IQ receipt: ERC20 Total: 11 380 000 IQ tokens
Plan Listing IQ receipt on crypto exchanges after November 1, 2018: Yobit, Latoken, B2BX, Idex, Hotbit, Qryptos, LiveCoin,
Tidex, Lykky, Cobinhood, Hadex, BTC-Alpha, Ethfinex.
Directly trading IQ.cash is available now on CryptoBridge, Mercatox and Cryptopia.
Plan Listing IQ.cash: HitBtc, Kukoin, Exmo and next Binance, OKEx, Huobi.

How to earn money with IQ.cash
• Mine IQ.cash and sell it to investors
• Mine IQ.cash or buy it, wait for its growth, then sell.
• Mine IQ.cash or buy it, create a MasterNode, get a 535% passive income
(according to Masternodes online) and sell it constantly
• Mine IQ.cash or buy it, exchange it to IQ receipt and sell at more than 15 additional token markets
with high liquidity
• Buy IQ receipt, wait for its growth, then sell
• Buy IQ receipt (more than 3000), exchange it to IQ.cash, create a MasterNode
get a 535% passive income (according to Masternodes online) and sell it constantly

receipt

Specification
Algorithm: 					
Block time: 					
Reward per block: 				
Block Reward Distribution*: 		
						
						

PoW, NeoScrypt (ASIC resistance)
120 seconds
23,5 IQ +1,5 IQ superblock (24924 IQ - is a monthly reserved for DAO system)
57% to Masternodes, 43% to Miners
and both fetched from (Reward-6%) formula,
where 6% is reserved for DAO system

						

Block reward get sliced by 12% each year

Max coins: 					
Premine: 					
Mining out in: 				
Difficulty adjustment: 			

56 900 000 IQ
7 700 000 IQ (Finexpo Depository, partially converted into IQ receipt)
25 years
Each block (Dark Gravity Wave v3) - starts with 1000 block height

Required coins for masternode: 		

3 000 IQ

Privacy: 					
Fast payments: 				
P2P port: 					
RPC port: 					

Transactions Obfuscation (PrivateSend)
Through InstantSend (InstantSend confirmation: ~5 seconds)
14014/tcp
13013/tcp

IQ receipt:					

ERC20

Max tokens:					

11 380 000 IQ

* Masternode reward starts with 1000 block height

Roadmap

Jun-Aug, 2018

Sep-Nov, 2018

Dec, 2018 - Feb, 2019

Mar-May, 2019

Website launch

Website IQCentral development
(for IQ community) masternode monitoring
and budget voting made simple!

Mob. app. for Android

Online payment service integration

Mob. app. for IOS

Website redesign

IQcard and IQEX development

API and libraries development
for partners integration

Second wave of exchange listings

IQ.cash payment system development

IQ receipt release on ERC20

B2B exchange integration development

IQ.cash blockchain launch
Wallet release for linux,
windows and mac
Mining pool release
DAO release
Initial listing on exchanges
Bounty programs for traders

