JEWEL GLOBAL DIAMOND COMMODITY EXCHANGE

WHITE PAPER
TRANSFORMING JEWEL INTO A NEW
FINANCIAL ASSET CLASS

INTRODUCTION

1. MARKET REVIEW
1.1 JEWELLERY MARKET
1.2 PROJECT BASIS
1.3 DIAMOND MARKET STATUS QUO
1.4 BLOCKCHAIN PROJECT
1.5 STANDARDS AND TRANSPARENCY: JEDEX
1.6 DIGITAL DIAMOND CERTIFICATE

2. JEDEX
2.1 TRADING CATEGORIES
2.2 JOINT INVESTMENT
2.3 SHORT SALES
2.4. FUNCTIONAL AND NON-FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS
FOR JEWEL

3. JEWEL. FINANCE
3.1 FEATURES OF JEWEL.FINANCE
3.2 MARKET TRENDS AND PROSPECTS

5. TEAM AND PARTNERS OF JEWEL

6. JEWEL ROADMAP

7. CONCLUSION

INTRODUCTION
Jewel was made to dispense the limit between the exemplary trading market
and the Digital currency market. In view of three stages, Jewel enables you to
play out a wide range of budgetary exchanges with both fiat cash and digital
money. A change from fiat cash to crypto coins and the other way around still
introduces a specific trouble and this way the customary market with an
everyday turnover of 5 trillion US dollars and a multi-billion crypto advertise
are as yet isolated from one another. In such a manner, troubles are made for
fiat holders and other advanced resources.
Our undertaking enables our financial specialists to deal with their funds on
the same stage, which spares them from such issues. Beneath we portray in
more detail the items, our vision of the task, a few subtleties and approaches
to actualize.
In the present market diamonds are an unpredictable resource since they are
not compatible, so there is a major hole between worldwide money related
markets and the diamonds eco system. Dissimilar to different valuable
resources, it is hard to have a solitary advanced trademark, on the grounds
that most of the assertions in the diamonds eco system are private
understandings. Diamonds are themselves not equivalent to one another in
many qualities and the very idea of liquidity is hard to credit to these
diamonds. Furthermore, diamond exchanging from the earlier happens
utilizing fiat cash. For dealers these tasks are inaccessible and, in this manner,
there is no comparing on the web stage for making such exchanges.
Underneath we depict in detail our vision of how to beat a change from the
present circumstance in the diamond market to a future model of web based
exchanging with such a novel budgetary resource like Jewels.
On account of the Diamond Computerized Testament innovation, our Jedex
stage will eliminate the compatibility issue and accomplish full
straightforwardness of the market estimation of jewels. What more, we will
likewise give a Blockchain stage to jewel exchanging.

The articulations of buyer interest for jewels have started to move lately. At
first, diamonds were utilized just as Jewels, however at this point jewels have

turned out to be significantly more frequently viewed as ventures and now the
interest for diamonds as speculations has risen to 5%. By 2015, the all-out
estimation of the diamonds biological community showcase was at that point
79 billion US Dollars. Till the present time diamonds stay only an elective sort
of venture. There are three primary factors that limit diamond exchanging.
1) Absence of a solitary cost since none of the diamonds can be considered
tradable because of the way there is an endless amount of attributes for every
individual jewel.
2) Absence of straightforward costs and certain gauges in the diamond eco
system.
3) Absence of liquidity, which makes it practically difficult to move jewels at a
genuine market cost.
So as to the item can get a Diamonds Digital Certificate, it is important to
consider two viewpoints:
The change of a Diamond from a one of a kind advantage for a benefit that has
a definite showcase esteem, and the making of an exchanging stage that will
permit the exchange turnover with diamonds.
Therefore, our venture faces a few inquiries:
How to guarantee the straightforwardness of the estimation of jewels
available?
How to compose reciprocal jewel exchange turnover?
How to guarantee the rule of compatibility of jewels?

JEWELLERY MARKET

The Jewel stage will be a one-stop-shop in its pith, in which it will be
conceivable to do any exchange with both fiat and digital currency. Buying,
stockpiling and dealing in any identical will be accessible to clients, and the
entire Jewel framework will be furnished with Jewel coin, which has a genuine

market esteem. It is intended for two stages and based on Ethereum
framework. Jewel coin holders will have a few points of interest that are
portrayed in this report.

PROJECT BASIS

Progress of Diamonds to another advantage class
Diamond trade for Retail Clients
Market potential=350 billion US Dollars
Patented and protected algorithm officially accessible on the Site
Amazing Team - Ground-breaking results
Open organization financing

DIAMOND MARKET STATUS QUO

Such classification of benefits as diamonds dependably conveys a steady salary
to financial specialists and investors, and diamonds have an enduring worth,
which makes them an alluring resource for dealers. In states of the budgetary
market instability, valuable stones have a request of greatness progressively
steady costs, in spite of the fact that they bring less pay for specific
timeframes. Incidentally, today it is hard to move Diamonds at a reasonable
cost, since the cutting edge diamond ecosystem includes purchasing diamonds
from people by Jewels stores at a low cost and all assertions depend on the
B2B framework.

BLOCKCHAIN PROJECT

In light of the Blockchain innovation, which includes a peer-peer network, the
Jewel venture includes opening jewels as a speculation, and furthermore takes
care of the issue of evaluating stones. The Blockchain innovation, settling many

bookkeeping issues, is as of now getting to be across the board all through the
world and is utilized in numerous vital businesses.
Jewel utilizes the Blockchain framework Ethereum for its needs, which utilizes
all programming dialects to actualize savvy contracts. The principle
undertaking of the Jewel framework is to take care of the issue of the hole
between the conventional diamond ecosystem and the advanced money
related markets. All global diamond holders who need to contribute or
exchange their diamond resources through the most straightforward exchange
procedure will be converged on the Jewel stage. The Jewel's establishments
are the Blockchain innovation, the protected innovation, the Jewel coin and
the Diamond Digital Certificate.

STANDARDS AND TRANSPARENCY: JEDEX

Jewel goes up against the most troublesome errand of the individuals who
keep the progress of diamonds into the class of money related resources,
Systematization of gemological information and the foundation of
transparency and consistency in the diamonds evaluation. The Jedex machine
learning calculation will utilize information on worldwide diamond stores, it
will almost certainly foresee the consequences of the appraisal and do a
factual examination of valuing. Utilizing Jewel. Financial specialists and brokers
will approach diagnostic information, on account of which they will probably
settle on educated choices when making speculations. The information
amassed by Jewel will consistently be broken down and utilized for the

evaluating calculation. The Jedex anticipated diamond appraisal exactness of
99.5%

DIGITAL DIAMOND CERTIFICATE

A private proprietor or merchant who needs to arrange their possessions can
make a smart contract utilizing Jewel Diamond Digital Certificate. This
agreement is a budgetary offer for the clearance of diamonds. After
affirmation everything being correct, diamonds are returned to the overseer
with a GIA Endorsement.
Towards the finish of the endorsement, it is made and sent to the digital wallet
to the proprietor of Diamond – Smart Contract. Further, the proprietor can
alternatively list his contract at JEDEX Exchange or sell it himself.
At JEDEX Trading Exchange, purchasers unhesitatingly buy an affirmed
diamond which is affirmed by the GIA.

Blocking Technology

The Diamond Digital Certificate creation is using the BLOCKCHAIN technology

At the underlying stage, a smart contract will be made, utilizing a
straightforward interface, which will contain all the data (gemological
information and extra data) about the basic resource, i.e, a diamond.
As indicated by our figuring’s, amid the Blockchain-based Jewel Ecosystem, the
diamond ecosystem will let in "Valuable contracts" as another kind of diamond
trading.
The finished diamond moves to the registration stage, to the gemological
research facility. In the research facility, subsequent to looking at the diamond,
a specific grouping is allotted to it, after which the lab records the diamond for
the Diamond Smart Contract utilizing the open Jewel platform. This report
incorporates the accompanying focuses: GIA ID enrolment wallet, exchange
history and their information, to make a system for compatibility.

After the contract creation process, the diamond is sent to the overseer. Digital
Diamond exchanging will proceed until the valuable stone stops at the last
phase of its motivation, that is, it will either be a money related resource on
the JEDEX trade or be bought as an item.
All exchanges through the Jewel coin will have no commission;
Diamond source and exchanges are joined by documentation;
Exchanges will work dependably and rapidly and furthermore without the
investment of unapproved people;
The Blockchain innovation enables you to function as straightforwardly as
could be allowed, in light of the fact that everybody can gather and study
information just as to investigate. Merchants who need to buy diamond or
diamond subsidiaries dependent on the Jewel Smart understanding are
required to buy Jewel Coin for further exchange.
Instalment by Jewel coin enables the count to the accompanying providers:
gemological research center, watchman, protection, transport.

For merchants, opening short positions can utilize Jewel coin to cover
insurance and acquired reserves. Merchants' portfolios can fill in as insurance,
to acquire the Jewel Coin credit. In the absolute first year, the Jewel's dynamic
clients are relied upon to develop, since the JEDEX Trade will open new
markets by extending its own exercises or authorized programming for
neighbourhood organizations.
After some time, the Jewel coins on the JEDEX Trade will grow to the diamond
ecosystem. An archive on the historical backdrop of diamond exchanging,
existing contracts and exchanges will be kept on a Blockchain, which will
permit full transparency. Diamond Savvy contracts will be at a bargain on the
Jewel trade or on the P2P premise. This thing will be a decentralized,
compatible exchanging stage where you can exchange expertly without much
learning in the diamond trade.

Diamond supply

The Merchant who has the Diamond Smart Contract can arrange the physical
conveyance of the diamond. The conveyance procedure starts by changing the
status of the Diamond Smart Contract to "Delivery Process". When the
proprietor gets the stone, the Contract expect the status dropped by the
"intellectual contract".

JEWEL. FINANCIAL

Jewel is a straightforward and helpful market for dealers who need to put
resources into diamonds as new monetary resources. Jewel makes it
conceivable to manage money related demands in agreement with the current
purview.

TRADING CATEGORIES

Jewel chose to consolidate the Blockchain innovation and the JEDEX calculation
to make Category Trading. This choice was made because of the way that there
are deterrents to transforming diamonds into a benefit class — the failure to
make homogeneous items.
Jewel makes a milestone for every class. In its class, the diamond will get an
evaluation of the deviation from the exceptional imprint determined in

Diamond Savvy. The JEDEX calculation permits checking deviations
from the Contract.

By the precedent beneath, you can see that JEDEX figuring’s give a sensible
market cost for a jewel.

JOINT INVESTMENT

Jewel will offer its clients the choice "SHARED Speculation". When the diamond
goes to the bartering, the proprietor of the stones can alternatively move them
as a solitary contract or under partial agreements. Along these lines, you can
make a few intellectual contracts that speak to a fractional responsibility for
fortified diamond.

SHORT SALES

To begin short exchanging exercises on the JEDEX trade, a merchant sends a
short move request. After endorsement of the request and if the offer/ask cost
is steady, the activity will be executed. Jewel will utilize the automatic filling of
the credit organization to rapidly affirm the demand.

Endless supply of the short deal, the Credit Organization will give the Diamond
Smart Contract merchant against guarantee and obtained assets. Credit and
security expenses are held day by day.

Credits for merchants

The diamonds that are in storage can fill in as credit security. Clients can get a
Jewel COIN credit dependent on portfolio liquidity. The intrigue will be set as
indicated by the general loan fees.
Brokers will get from the Jewel full data about conceivable money related
offers without requiring learning about diamonds.
Coming up next are instances of a methodology where merchants pick either a
investment range or an investment category. JEDEX rating range from 0.599 to
0.0999 with a higher rating speaking to increasingly important ventures.
Moreover, the Jewel framework furnishes an evaluation of ventures alongside
the Jedex proposal through access to money related and gemological data.

RAPID DEPLOYMENT CAPABILITY ASSESSMENT

We have assessed every single accessible task for fast deployment dependent
on the blockchain, as well as we have ordered a rundown of the most

appropriate for us anticipates. As per the thought, Jewel stage should meet all
useful and non-practical necessities that may emerge from what has been
depicted previously.

FUNCTIONAL AND NON-FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS TO JEWEL SYSTEM

The individual verification technique of every one of the parties concerned is
very imperative for the diamond trading platform to completely cooperate
with clients. For the diamond stage, request and the nonattendance of
mistakes (because of which there can be lost tokens) in smart contracts are
imperative. Concerning the non-useful necessities for Diamond, with
intangibility of the framework trustworthiness, its security, performing
multiple tasks execution, convenience and abnormal state of robotization are
very apparent.
Jewel's design is centred around status for change, material ness and
achievability of forms. Alteration suggests ordinary updates and coordination
of current frameworks in instances of changes in enactment. The Jewel
framework security is guaranteed by averting unapproved access to framework
support, while opening up every single money related open door for approved
clients. The Jewel framework security sets for itself such errands as honesty
and classification. A thorough examination of security frameworks is essential
for the fruitful improvement of our Jewel framework.

The blockchain innovation utilization infers an abnormal state of
mechanization when utilizing the application. The stage permits to guarantee
the synchronous execution of a substantial number of procedures showing its
adaptability and usefulness. The Jewel idea infers the simplicity of the

framework use, any client can very effectively stay away from mistakes when
exchanging diamonds.

USED RAPID DEPLOYMENT SYSTEMS

All together not to sit around idly, we considered all the present rapid
deployment systems and came to a conclusion that Civic is the most
reasonable solution because of its effortlessness and usefulness, as it just
requires a cell phone number and client email address amid the recognizable
proof procedure. That is, the client, in contrast to Home (Estonia), isn't obliged
to reveal all his own information.
This makes it conceivable to maintain a strategic distance from undesirable
government mediations. Recognizable proof when utilizing the Civic system
still has various impediments as experience demonstrates the significance of
the verifying client indicating real close to home information. In this manner,
relationship with other existing administrations is conceivable in Civic system.
Regardless of existing deficiencies, the Ethereum standard applies to Smart
Contracts, despite the fact that much of the time it isn't appropriate for such
applications as it doesn't reflect proof of exchanges.
Also, it very well may be hacked because of absence of safety efforts. Hence,
for Smart Contracts, a framework utilizing the check of directed exchanges
with price details (PoS) might be considered as a productive solution. A
reasonable precedent is the Qtum framework, which is as of now effectively
utilizing PoS. There are a few restricted frameworks to assess the Smart
Contracts. The Securify 11 framework plays out the official confirmation of
Ethereum Smart Contracts as a beta adaptation. We can likewise make
reference to such frameworks as Populus13 and Leave framework12, however
despite everything they appear to be unsound for formal assessment.
Probably the most recent scientific productions mirror the issue to compose
the protected Smart Contracts. To test and break down utilitarian rightness
and security, Strength utilizes the interpretation of Smart Contract codes into a
practical programming language. Because of this, the quantity of mistakes is

diminished because of the disappointments and blunders of coding and
cryptography related with Etherium are influenced. Based on the blockchain
for mass information, there is the Interplanetary Record Framework (IPFS),
which is an open source convention. IPFS addresses these blocks by hyperlinks

as a demonstrate for block storage with elite datasets. Truth be
told, one PC stores numerous connects to hinders that are disseminated on a
few different PCs. Information for blockchain applications is put away on these
PCs as unchanging connections.
An appropriate possibility to process the diamond trading information is
BigChainDB, which is basically a decentralized database with blockchain
attributes. This database can be used to make and move advanced resources,
track dependably finished exchanges and actualize decentralized control. For
the Jewel framework, its attributes play an essential job for other blockchainlike frameworks, for example, Ethereum, Qtum or IPFS.

JEWEL.FINANCE

Jewel Finance is a cryptographic
wallet that exists to coordinate
blockchain
innovation
into
customary
online
ventures.
Regarding change from traditional
financial balances to cryptographic
wallets, there has been an
inclination
to
increment
cryptographic money turnover. Be
that as it may, digital money
utilization still does not refute the
need to utilize fiat cash. New
financial specialists ought to put
resources into huge and stable
cryptographic forms of money, for
example, Bitcoin and Ethereum, and
after that purchase another digital
currency for this crypt money. This
is a mind boggling and costly process. Notwithstanding the abovementioned,
there are financial specialists who utilize both digital currency and customary
fiat cash. Jewel Fund suggests a helpful and straightforward wallet that makes
it simple to perform activities with both fiat cash and numerous crypto

conversions (Jewel, Bitcoin, Ethereum and so on.), too as an
innovative trade point that permits you to move fiat cash into cryptographic
money and vice versa. Jewel coin holders can likewise make exchanges at a
large portion of the commission per exchange. These trades can be made
anyplace on the planet to pay for any item. Moreover, Jewel's wallet

is universal to the point that any methods will be tradable and make all
exchanges with fiat and crypto money so transparent that the client won't feel
the limits of the change to utilization of a specific cash.

FEATURES OF JEWEL.FINANCE

Jewel Finance is a stage that performs quick and basic blockchain exchanges
around the world. Present day speculators comprehend that the eventual
future of the budgetary market is digital money, yet not every one of them are
educated and sufficiently experienced to maintain a strategic distance from
botches. Jewel Account will enable them to maintain a strategic distance from
these oversights and they can effectively and rapidly deal with their fiat and
crypto-account.
Jewel Account can be utilized for the accompanying activities:
- To trade fiat cash for digital currency and the other way around;
- To change over digital currency to fiat cash and pull back it;
- To purchase fiat and digital currency;
- To keep fiat and digital currency;
- To make instalments with fiat and digital currency;
- To trade fiat and digital money;
- To pay half less commission utilizing Jewel coin

MARKET TRENDS AND PROSPECTS

In the advanced world, there are worldwide powers looking to bring diamonds
into the money market. Such forces center on monetary contracts or B2B
markets. The diamonds change from a class of merchandise into a class of
budgetary resources and hypertrophies the volume of ventures, in light of the

fact that just 5% of the diamonds bought are considered as speculations. The
worldwide diamond exchanging market is evaluated at $ 90 billion.

Contrasted with the worldwide gold market (700 billion), ventures into gold
are a lot higher (about 80%). By moving monetary hindrances, diamonds can
be transformed into the most alluring resources for speculators, on account of
which the venture advertise in diamonds can develop to $ 350 billion with a
80% - 20% proportion.

TEAM AND PARTNERS OF JEWEL

Jewel Venture was made by a gathering of experts in the Web circle, diamond
industry, monetary innovators and online marketing specialists. Financing was
given by TechFinancials.Inc. Holding 92% of the Jewel venture holdings through
a credit and value speculation.
An accomplished group of TechFinancials.Inc, one of the pioneers being
developed of budgetary exchanging advancements, together with the
Jewelpay created and made the Jewel exchanging innovation.

2017
Company founded

50

+

Employees

PARTNERSHIPS

JEDEX EXCHANGE

JEWEL ROADMAP

CONCLUSION
We present the Jewel trading platform, which will exchange diamonds from
the class of merchandise to the class of monetary resources. In this paper, we
have attempted to clarify the status quo, which demonstrates the fundamental
elements hindering the utilization of diamonds as money related resources.
In spite of the way that each stone is extraordinary, the fundamental obstacle
is the absence of transparency, liquidity of exchanges and moreover these
understandings are generally private exchanges. Be that as it may after the
dispatch of Jewel, this issue will be tackled and the market for interest in
diamonds will begin to grow very rapidly. As per our estimates, it can come to
a capitalization of $ 350 billion.
We attempted to set out our vision of the long haul points of view of the
ecosystem of diamonds utilizing the blockchain innovation upheld the data
with models that likewise use advanced payment systems.
To guarantee value, consistency and straightforwardness of diamonds in
economic situations, pointers are controlled by Jedex which considers a few
elements, for example, information on worldwide diamond stores, costs for
them, and so forth. As of now, Jedex is accessible for 0.3, 0.5 and 1 carat round
diamonds.
Guaranteeing uniform trade brought the issue of diamonds compatibility, yet
creation of Smart Contract utilizing the Jedex calculation diminishes this issue
to zero.
We trust that within a reasonable time-frame, new trading mechanisms which
will be founded on the standards of blockchains will be created. These
mechanisms will permit to achieve the most extreme transparency in trade
agreements that are important to diamonds. By exchanging Jewel Smart
agreements to the Jewel or P2P stage, all exchanges will be put away in the
blockchain, so the two-way diamond deals procedure will achieve an unheard
of level.
Regardless of the way that Jewel has positive parts of its deployment, it merits
recalling that Jewel is a decentralized stage structure with an unpredictable
business design.

