JIBREL NETWORK
MAY 2017
SECOND DRAFT

​YAZAN BARGHUTHI

VICTOR MEZRIN

yazan@jibrel.network

victor@jibrel.network

ABSTRACT
the jibrel network aims to facilitate the digitization, listing and trading of traditional assets
such as currencies, bonds and other financial instruments, on the blockchain. The Jibrel
Decentralized Autonomous Organization (Jibrel DAO) will allow platform users to deposit cash,
money market instruments or create their own Crypto Depository Receipts (CryDRs) and
benefit from on-chain / off-chain arbitrage. Decentralized organizations and funds that are
overexposed in digital currencies can hedge their positions and protect their funding with stable
assets. Furthermore, jibrel will provide developers with a complete platform to build tools and
applications for transacting, investing and hedging, through leveraging traditional
asset-backed tokens.
In addition, jibrel will enable instant, near-zero fee, global payments and remittances in the
form of fiat to fiat transactions that can be undertaken through peer to peer, business to
business or consumer to merchant channels.
This white paper outlines the core components comprising jibrel, how they interact, and aims to
demonstrate how the network can be built-out efficiently using existing infrastructure.

1.INTRODUCTION
Since their introduction with Bitcoin in 2009[1],
blockchains have unlocked tremendous value. With this
new technology, we can verify and commit transactions
in an immutable decentralized ledger, or implemented
more broadly, achieve decentralized consensus.

Moreover, traditional individual and institutional
investors, who could facilitate the quick movement of
traditional assets off-chain are deterred from
participating due to the fundamental incompatibilities
that exist - most notably, a lack of transparency and
extreme market volatility[2].

This incredible innovation is currently transforming our
world by eroding the need for trusted intermediaries,
settlement / clearing offices, and middle-man service
providers across a wide range of industries and sectors.

Finally, decentralized organizations, who raise funding
through crowd sales, as well as decentralized funds and
crypto-investors, who are overexposed in digital assets
and cryptocurrencies, have limited options to diversify
into traditional holdings.

That being said, due to limited adoption at an
institutional level, most of the crypto-economy's value
remains siloed by use-case or geography. In addition,
widespread systemic risk exists due to the bottlenecks
imposed by these siloes in the form of challenges and
limitations in converting between traditional assets and
digital assets.

The risks are compounded further by the fact that digital
currencies play a multifaceted role, they are used to
reward miners for facilitating transactions; as a means
of transferring value; as a speculative investment tool;
and most recently, to crowdfund and run decentralized
organizations and applications (e.g. decentralized
computing[3], decentralized storage[4]).

Given the disconnect between the traditional economy
and the cryptoeconomy, the same challenges plaguing
the former still persist in the latter. Users wishing to
transfer traditional currency between one another still
face the time delays and fees imposed by relying on a
combination of cryptocurrency exchanges, traditional
financial institutions, as well as payment processors.

In traditional finance, different instruments are used for
these functions and are regulated accordingly. This helps
manage systemic risk. Until decentralized regulatory
consensus
protocols
are
fully
built-out,
the
cryptoeconomy faces security and fraud risk, in the form
of unregulated exchanges; market risks, resulting from
extremely volatile currencies that are used beyond their
architectured purpose; and systemic risks arising from

crowd-funds stored in volatile digital currencies and
subsequently locked into smart contracts1.
This paper analyzes the limitations and challenges of the
current environment and proposes an approach that
leverages existing infrastructure to provide a solution for
all stakeholders.

2. TRADITIONAL ASSET-BACKED TOKENS
The core stakeholders in the jibrel ecosystem are;
non-investment users, who seek to benefit from the value
unlocked by cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology,
such as low remittance fees and instant transfers;
traditional investors, who seek to benefit from the high
returns of the emerging cryptoeconomy; and
decentralized organizations / funds and crypto-investors,
who seek to diversify their crypto-holdings with stable
low-yield assets, on-chain, as to remain transparent to
crowd-funders.
The needs of all stakeholders could be successfully met
by bringing the stability of traditional financial
instruments to the blockchain. This can be accomplished
by minting tethered tokens with one-to-one backing of
the underlying traditional asset they represent. Using
such a method, tethered tokens can be used to denote a
currency[5] or even a commodity[6].
By developing a ‘guarantor’ that houses traditional
assets and issues tokens representing ownership of the
underlying assets, one can enable a wide-range of
currencies, commodities, money market instruments and
other financial tools, to be openly traded on-chain.

3. SYSTEM ARCHITECTURE
The following section outlines the key components of the
jibrel network and what is required to facilitate putting
traditional assets on-chain.
3.1 Public Blockchain
While reliance on another blockchain imposes a long-list
of new challenges and limitations, a public and secure
blockchain is required for early versions of jibrel, until
full cross-chain communication is feasible.

3.2 Cryptocurrency Exchanges
Cryptocurrency exchanges provided end-users with fiat
accounts in their local currency and digital wallets to
hold cryptocurrencies. User can buy, trade or transmit
digital currency, easily converting between crypto and
fiat currencies.

3.3 Tethered Tokens
Tethered tokens will be required to create traditional
asset-backed tokens. For every traditional asset held a
tethered token is minted. Upon the underlying asset
being sold, the token is destroyed.
.

3.4 Guarantor
In order to ensure tethered tokens hold their respective
value, a guarantor is needed. The guarantor will hold
traditional assets and issue their respective tethered
tokens, as well as redeem and destroy tokens in return
for the release / transfer of ownership of the underlying
traditional asset.

3.5 Application Layer, Libraries & Templates
Once tethered tokens are established, an array of
applications that leverages their capabilities can be
developed, including payment processors, remittance
wallets and trading platforms. To facilitate rapid
application development, a dedicated application layer
with user-friendly libraries and code templates will be
required.

3.6 Ownership Transfers
Once a tethered token is issued, the underlying asset can
be easily traded similar to any cryptocurrency. The
high-level process is outlined below:
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.

User sends FIAT to guarantor
Guarantor returns jFIAT
User pays merchant in jFIAT
Merchant redeems jFIAT
Guarantor sends FIAT to merchant account

With a guarantor backing the tethered token, with the
promise to redeem for the underlying asset at a future
point in time, the token can stay in the system and be
used for on-chain and off-chain payments.

3.7 Fees & Charges
Transferring ownership of both digital and traditional
assets have associated fees and charges that will need to
be accounted.

3.8 Oversight / Regulation
Any on-chain transaction representing an off-chain
transfer of ownership or value must satisfy international
and local regulation and must be managed accordingly.
Regulatory protocols / governance tools should be put in
place to ensure proper governance and oversight.
All transactions must satisfy KYC / AML regulations.

1 Projects are at risk of not materializing if their funding is reduced due to market
downswings, potentially leading to insolvency

4. JIBREL NETWORK IMPLEMENTATION
This section outlines how each component will be
implemented in the jibrel network.
4.1 Ethereum Blockchain
The selected blockchain must decouple mining rewards
and the underlying transactions between the
participants of the system. For this reason, Ethereum is
well suited to form the foundation of jibrel’s underlying
architecture. Mining rewards will be in the form of
Ethereum ‘gas’, while any tethered token will not be part
of the mining process[7].
While jibrel is also suited to be built on Bitcoin’s
Omniprotocol, that approach is beyond the scope of this
paper.

4.2 Crypto Depository Receipts (CryDR)
CryDRs are tethered tokens that represent ownership of
an underlying traditional asset held by jibrel. In this
paper, they are denoted as jAsset (e.g. jUSD, jEUR,
jGBP). On release, jibrel will support six fiat currencies
and two money market instruments, with plans to add
additional financial instruments in the future.
4.2.1 Currencies / Fiat
The first iteration of the jibrel network aims to support
USD, EUR, GBP, RUB, CNY, AED with additional
currency support gradually added as strategic exchange
partners are integrated.
4.2.2 Money Market Instruments
Stable low-yield assets are jibrel’s core offering,
crypto-investors will be able to purchase tokens tethered
to US Treasury Bills and Zero-Coupon Certificates of
Deposits. For the first iteration of the jibrel network, all
money market instruments will incorporate an
automatic rollover or ​accrual mechanism. Meaning, fiat
received
from
matured
investments, will be
automatically redeployed in similar assets. Similarly,
dividend or interest will be accrued until the underlying
asset matures or is sold. In future versions, money
market instruments will be configurable.
4.2.3 Other Financial Instruments
In the future, as traditional financial institutions are
integrated into the jibrel platform, full support of other
financial instruments can be rolled out, including listed
and private equity.
4.2.4 Smart Compliance
Since CryDRs are fully programmable they can be
embedded with regulation. Fiat currencies will be
unrestricted, however the purchase and resale of other
assets will need to be restricted by class and geography
to be fully compliant. This logic is embedded in each
CryDR.

4.3 Jibrel DAO
The Jibrel DAO will receive / hold traditional assets on
behalf of their owners and issue their respective CryDRs.
Uponsends it to the owner’s wallet. Upon redemption of
a token, the token is destroyed and the underlying asset
is transferred to the token holder.
While the Jibrel DAO aims to be fully decentralized,
until full on-chain integration of traditional financial
institutions, large components of the system will need to
be off-chain. Off-chain activity will require the input and
oversight of local and international regulators.
For this reason, stakeholder interaction must be
properly managed to ensure full regulatory compliance
without sacrificing transparency and reliability. This
will be achieved through ​asset portals​, dedicated entities
operating with full compliance in their respective
geographies​.

4.4 Asset Portals
Asset portals are used to undertake the necessary legal
and financial steps to convert traditional assets into
on-chain digital assets.
Fiat portals will be simple cryptocurrency exchanges.
Strategic partnerships can be formed with existing
exchanges while a dedicated jibrel exchange network
with sufficient geographic reach can be built-out. In
addition, by housing a portion of jibrel’s fiat reserves in
existing exchanges, transfer times and fees are
significantly reduced whilst simultaneously providing
exchanges with much needed liquidity.
Non-fiat portals will require off-chain presence to
undertake the necessary due diligence and take
ownership of non-fiat deposits.
In most geographies, asset portals will require brokerage
and money transmitter licenses. In cases involving
heavily regulated jurisdictions or more nuanced financial
assets, full regulator involvement and oversight might
be required.
As regulation evolves, asset portals will be able to
decentralize
and
become
community
driven.
Institutional investors and other financial institutions
will be able to list their own traditional assets on-chain,
using the jibrel platform.

4.5 Jibrel Network Token​ (JNT)
While non-fiat portals will charge ​offline fees in fiat
currencies, the Jibrel DAO’s on-chain fees and
commissions will be levied in the form of Jibrel Network
Tokens (JNT).

5. INFRASTRUCTURE
Critical data, such as user balances and transactions,
will be stored on the blockchain while all other data is
hosted on development servers.
Several
development
environments,
tools
and
frameworks have already been developed to enable the
rapid development of decentralized applications[8].
Jibrel will need to develop similar developer components,
tools and frameworks to enable the widespread adoption
and distribution of CryDRs.
Infrastructure will be required across two main
dimensions, on-chain APIs and off-chain APIs / Utils.
5.1 On-chain Infrastructure
Only four key smart contracts will be required for the
network to operate effectively.

5.1.4 Helpers / Utils ​(Auxiliary Smart Contracts)
We will also need to create several auxiliary smart
contracts to enable auxiliary functions such as switching
between contracts running different versions and
enabling additional API features.
Their detailed description is beyond the scope of this
document.

5.2 Off-chain Infrastructure
In order to facilitate the widespread adoption of CryDRs
as a transaction, investment and hedging tool,
user-friendly libraries and code templates for application
developers will be released.

Figure 2.​ Jibrel DApp API Workflow

5.1.1 CryDR Smart Contracts
Each asset registered with the Jibrel DAO will have a
CryDR issued in the form of a smart contract. CryDR
smart contracts will be ERC-20 compliant. Forwarding
CryDRs between user accounts is similar to forwarding
other ERC-20 tokens between wallets.
5.1.2 Jibrel DAO Smart Contract
A dedicated Jibrel DAO smart contract will regulate the
work of CryDR Smart Contracts.
5.1.3 Board of Directors Smart Contract (BODC)
The Board of Directors smart contract (BODC) is the
only mechanism to interact / influence the Jibrel DAO
Contract.
BODC will be managed through a voting system, where
members of the board can use their Ethereum accounts
to vote on BODC actions. Storing and using private keys
will be the responsibility of members. Ideally, the board
will be composed of crypto thought-leaders and financial
services experts.
Figure 1.​ Crypto Depository Receipts - General Workflow

5.2.1 Libraries & Templates
We expect that developers will use existing libraries to
interact with Ethereum Blockchain (for example, JS
web3). We will release wrappers for this library and code
samples that will simplify the interaction with the Jibrel
DAO and CryDR smart contracts.
5.2.2 CryDR Explorers
Open-source explorers will be created, allowing users to
view CryDR metadata and interact with the BODC as
well as manually verify ownership of the underlying
asset by the Jibrel DAO.
5.2.3 Board of Director Tool-kit
Tools will be created to interface the internal IT
infrastructure of CryDR Ltd with Ethereum blockchain.
In particular, for the organization of interaction of the
members of the board of directors with BODC and for
operative monitoring of the state of the system.
6. SMART REGULATION IMPLEMENTATION
This section outlines the implementation of CryDRs,
Smart Regulation and Compliance within the Jibrel
Network

6.1 CryDR Architecture
CryDRs themselves are smart contracts deployed to the
Ethereum blockchain. To facilitate a robust and scalable
system, CryDRs should satisfy multiple requirements:

View: Interface for third-party contracts and web-apps
Controller: Implements compliance and business logic,
orchestrates storage and view contracts
Figure 3.​ Tiered Architecture

High Compatibility: Should employ an ERC20 interface
to be compatible with existing token management tools
Updatable Business Logic: Should be easily upgradable
to keep up with evolving real-world rules and
regulations
Immutability: Should be immutable once deployed
Migratable: Events and Storage should be stored
separately
Interactivity: CryDRs should be able to interact with
each other

6.2 Existing Methodologies
These technical requirements are difficult to achieve
using the tools currently available within the Ethereum
ecosystem. Upgradable smart contracts are challenging
to implement, and while certain tools and methodologies
exist, they each have their own limitations.
6.2.1 EVM DELEGATECALL
The first potential approach leverages opcode
`DELEGATECALL` in Ethereum Virtual Machine
(EVM).
While this is a powerful tool to update business logic, it
has several drawbacks. Specifically, once deployed, the
storage structure of the original smart contract must be
maintained throughout updates. For this reason, this
approach can only be employed in simple upgradable
contract implementations and cannot be used for Jibrel's
use-case.

6.3.1.1 Updating Compliance
With this structure, we can easily deploy a new CryDR
controller contract and configure view and storage
contracts to use this new controller.
Effectively, this allows us to easily update the
underlying compliance and business-logic powering
CryDRs, what we refer to as Smart Regulation.

Figure 4.​ Controller Updates

6.2.2 Smart Contract Pruning
Another potential solution is the pruning of the contract
and deploying another new contract to the same address,
preserving Events and State. While this would be an
ideal solution for the Jibrel Network, it has yet to be
implemented in EVM.

6.3 Jibrel Network Approach
In building Jibrel, we leverage a more tedious but
holistic solution - we deconstruct the whole system into
multiple sophisticated smart contracts that interact with
one another, but can provide seamless upgrades and
updates.
While more complex to implement, it provides a powerful
backend for Jibrel DApps.
6.3.1 CryDR 3-Layer System
CryDRs are deconstructed into their critical components:
Storage - Houses all the data

By facilitating a process that allows for business logic to
be updated, the Jibrel Network ensures tokens can
remain fully compliant by evolving with changes in
real-world regulation.

6.3.1.2 Upgrading Interfaces
Using this architecture, we can also upgrade token
interfaces seamlessly, such as providing additional
support for new token standards (e.g. ERC223)

Smart contracts have inherited limitations, primarily,
they are only able to access on-chain data, with calls to
third-party services prohibited by design.
In order to access off-chain data, the data must first be
pushed onto the blockchain in form of transactions.

Figure 5.​ View Upgrades

Put simply, all compliance measures
implemented on-chain via smart contracts.

must

be

In order to implement KYC/AML measures we need to
implement two solutions:
Data storage: To store user data on-chain
Rule Implementation: Apply KYC / AML rules on each
transaction
Many projects address the first task. Such as Civic, and
uPort. However, these solutions are built to be adaptive
and versatile, as a result, these solutions are only able to
store generic user information that does not sufficiently
meet the need of institutional grade KYC / AML
processes.

When conducting such upgrades, CryDR storage remains
unchanged / unaffected.

For this reason, Jibrel will build out a dedicated
compliance API that will liaise with both a dedicated
Jibrel KYC / AML module as well as third-party
solutions available today.

Since Views act as a tiered layer ahead of the controller,
all Events remain intact during updates. A well
implemented controller will trigger all connected views,
so clients can receive all events.

Figure 6.​ Trigger Events

Figure 7.​ Jibrel Compliance API

6.3.2 Smart Regulation Architecture
Implementing KYC/AML measures require strict and
detailed account permissioning controls.

6.3.3 Role of Jibrel Network Token (JNT)
A key business requirement of the Jibrel Network is that
all CryDRs must remain tethered to an underlying asset.
In order to achieve this, off-chain assets must first be

securitized, which is why a virtual exchange currency is
required. Both to transact with the network, as well as
facilitate the payment off-chain fees.
An existing currency (e.g. BTC, ETH) is not suitable as
the price movements of these currencies are unrelated to
utility in the Jibrel Network. This disconnect imposes
market and credit risk. In addition, if the Jibrel Network
aims to provide a dedicated chain in the future, a
dedicated token will be required to facilitate a seamless
migration process.
CryDRs themselves are unsuitable for this solution, as
they must remain tethered to real-world assets,
leveraging them as part of payment causes another
disconnect to emerge, unbalancing the system.
Jibrel Network Token (JNT) will act as the ‘fuel’ or ‘gas’
of the network. JNT will provide universal access to all
features provided by the Jibrel Network and the relevant
Jibrel DApps.
JNT ensures all CryDRs remain tethered to their
respective underlying assets at all times, adding an
additional layer of compliance.

In the short to medium term, off-chain activities will be
needed to undertake the necessary legal and financial
due diligence to convert physical assets to digital assets.
In addition, the BOD members will be needed to oversee
the Jibrel DAO to ensure full transparency and
regulatory compliance.
In the longer-term, it is expected that regulation will
evolve to facilitate on-chain verification of asset
ownership, enabling jibrel to become a decentralized
autonomous organization.
7.1 Self-service Portals
Once the technological limitations such as on-chain
computational capability and the feasibility of
implementing complex zero-knowledge proofs2[9]; as well
as the regulatory hurdles of obtaining the relevant
licensing, are overcome, jibrel could operate self-service
portals (i.e. traditional exchange platforms hosted
on-chain, communicating with the jibrel network).
The build-out of these portals is critical to jibrel
achieving full decentralization.
7.2 On-chain Digital Identity / KYC / AML
While many on-chain digital identity and KYC solutions
exist today, they are limited in functionality. More
advanced identification solutions will be required to
achieve self-service portals.
7.3 Board of Directors DAO
Once operations have reached steady state, the Board of
Directors can be dissolved and replaced with a
autonomous regulatory entity, charged with overseeing
the operations of the Jibrel DAO.
8. USE-CASES

Figure 8.​ Jibrel Network Token Interaction

Traditional asset-backed tokens that are
exchangeable provides a wide range of use-cases

easily

8.1 Traditional / Digital Asset Exchange
By allowing traditional assets and digital assets to be
freely traded between one another, a platform is
inherently developed that facilitates low-risk, high
returns for institutional investors through the wholesale
of traditional investment instruments to investors and
entities seeking stable digital assets.
8.1.1 Investment Platform
An investment bank can deposit money market
instruments or commodities into the Jibrel DAO and
then sell those products (CryDRs) to decentralized
organizations and funds at a premium, benefiting from
on-chain / off-chain arbitrage​.

7. FULLY DECENTRALIZED OPERATIONS

8.1.2 Hedging Tokens
Decentralized Autonomous Organizations and funds can
purchase money market CryDRs and store them
2 While significant work has been undertaken to improve the efficiency of
probabilistically checkable proofs, they still remain highly impractical

on-chain, with full transparency, reassuring investors
that their funding is safe. Decentralized Autonomous
Funds can choose from a wide range of traditional assets
to complement their digital portfolios and protect against
cryptoeconomy downturns.

8.2 Global Transfers
By providing asset-backed tokens, the platform is able to
provide tokens that possess all the desirable qualities of
both, traditional assets - in particular, stability and
global adoption, and digital assets - immutability, ease of
transfer and reliability.
With these tokens, payment gateways, remittance
channels and other money transfer use-cases can be
implemented.
8.2.1 Remittances
Jibrel can enable remittances by enabling fiat to fiat
transfers that use crypto-infrastructure to execute
transactions. Users can add funds and transfer them to
anyone in the world, leveraging the low fees provided by
digital currencies while still maintaining the stability,
security and safety of traditional currencies.

8.2.2 Universal Wallet
Currency agnostic wallets can be created that allow
users to freely convert between currencies and make
transfers to anyone, anywhere in any currency, without
the exorbitant fees usually associated with such
transactions.

8.3 Cross-border Payments
Similarly, jibrel can enable cross-border payments.

8.3.1 Currency API
With the underlying tokens, jibrel can provide a
currency API that allows users to convert freely between
currencies.
8.3.2 Merchant API
Jibrel can provide merchants with a simple easy to use
payment gateway that can accept payments in any
currency and pay-out in the local currency. Without
incurring exchange or transfer fees.
Once the network is established, merchants will be able
to set-up currency agnostic payment gateways using
jibrel’s user-friendly libraries and API.

9. REFERENCES
[1] Nakamoto, Satoshi, ​Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer electronic cash system​, 2008 - URL - {https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf}
[2] Brennan and Lunn, Credit Suisse Equity Reports - ​Blockchain - The trust disruptor: Shared ledger technology and the
impact on stocks​, 2016 - URL {http://www.the-blockchain.com/docs/Credit-Suisse-Blockchain-Trust-Disrupter.pdf}
[3]
Golem,
​The
Golem
Project:
Crowdfunding
{http://golemproject.net/doc/DraftGolemProjectWhitepaper.pdf}

White

Paper​,

​2016

-

[4] Wilkinson, Shawn, ​Storj Project: A Peer-to-Peer Cloud Storage Network​, 2014 - URL {https://storj.io/storj.pdf}
[5] Tether Ltd, ​Tether: Fiat currencies on the Bitcoin blockchain​, 2016 - URL
{https://tether.to/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/TetherWhitePaper.pdf}
[6] Eufemio, Chng and Djie, ​D​igix: The Gold Standard in Crypto​Assets​, 2016 - URL {https://dgx.io/whitepaper.pdf}
[7] Buterin, Vitalik, ​Ethereum: A Next-Generation Smart Contract and Decentralized Application Platform​, 2013 - URL
{http://ethereum.org/ethereum.html}
[8] Solidity, ​Solidity: A contract-oriented, high-level language for the Ethereum Virtual Machine​, Release 0.4.10
Documentation - URL {http://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/v0.4.10/}
[9] Ben-Sasson, Chiesa, Garman, Green, Miers, Troma and Virza, ​Zerocash: Decentralized Anonymous Payments from
Bitcoin​, 2014 - URL {http://zerocash-project.org/media/pdf/zerocash-extended-20140518.pdf}

URL

