KanadeCoin
Token to support Monozukuri

Whitepaper
Version 1.0.0

2018 ©合同会社むすびて(MUSUBITE LLC) All rights reserved.

0

Index
1. Challenges faced by Individuals in Manufacturing

(Monozukuri)
2. Solutions offered by KanadeCoin
2-1. Community to support Monozukuri
2-2. Smart Contract
2-3. KanadeCoin SDK
3. Roadmap
4. Operations Team
5. Token Allocation
6. Token Specifications

*The contents of this Whitepaper are based on facts and figures as of July 2nd, 2018.
As development proceeds, the details mentioned herein are subject to change in the future.

2018 ©合同会社むすびて(MUSUBITE LLC) All rights reserved.

1

1. Challenges faced by Individuals in Manufacturing
(Monozukuri)

In today’s market scenario, not just companies but many individuals also
manufacturer Mobile Applications, Web Services, Websites, Original
products and Illustrations etc. However, the product or a service which an
individual manufacture does not get high recognition and awareness
compared to products or services made by big companies. One of the major
reasons for this is low commercial backing. Also, there are numerous instance
of individual manufacturers having to give up manufacturing due to less
support, fewer users of their creations and start-up funding issues.
The problems stated above are directly linked to individual manufacturers
not being able to sell and market simultaneously while manufacturing. The
sales and marketing (Activities to spread a creation to the world) being an
important aspect of any business, can sometimes be overlooked or
undermined due to lack of funds. Also, it would not be incorrect to assume
that majority of individuals do not have sufficient knowledge or information
of proper PR and human resources management like big companies have.
On the contrary, some individual manufacturer can make and share their
creation such as videos, illustrations, mobile applications professionally with
the help of some popular online platforms like Pixiv, Niko-Niko video,
YouTube, SoundCloud. Crowdfunding platforms such as Kickstarter is also
becoming common nowadays to get financial or promotional backing. Even
considering this, the fact remains that the threshold of manufacturing by
individuals is gradually decreasing day by day.

*The services mentioned above are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies.

2018 ©合同会社むすびて(MUSUBITE LLC) All rights reserved.

2

Although some of these platforms are highly popularized, the reality is
that only few prominent individual creators get overvaluations and eventually
they gain even more popularity than others. Judging from the manufacturing
point of view, it is still difficult for beginners to make something new. It is very
clear that people will lose their motivation for manufacturing if their efforts
are underappreciated and if they keep on spending time and money on
something that goes unnoticed.
Similarly, it is still difficult for individual creators to continue manufacturing
or develop their creative skillset while trying to earn their basic livelihood.
Furthermore, the reality is that many creators give up “Making a livelihood
with Manufacturing” concept altogether, in other words, they give up
expressing themselves due what is often thought and believed my many that
“Income for individual manufacturers is unstable”.

2018 ©合同会社むすびて(MUSUBITE LLC) All rights reserved.

3

2. Solutions offered by KanadeCoin

KanadeCoin offers to solve various problems described above by creating
a smart contract technology based on Ethereum block chain and forming a
community to support and assist in manufacturing. In other words,
KanadeCoin will contribute to creation of a society based on the motto “Build
what you dream” and simultaneously create an environment where individual
creators can easily start manufacturing with complete focus and stable
income.
As a part of the project, KanadeCoin will offer an SDK to easily
incorporate KNDC token settlements and smart contract functions in one’s
own application or web service. In addition, KanadeCoin gathers token
holders around the world, creators who manufacture, companies and
organizations that support them, and professional manufacturers. We will
cross-link the communities that will support and develop each other’s creation
while mutually benefitting everyone in process.
2-1.

Community to support Monozukuri

At KanadeCoin, there are approximately 40,000 token holders (as of June
11th 2018) mainly based in and around the Asian region. One of the missions
at KanadeCoin is to build and form an organic online community with the
token holder as the main axis.
The community will give opportunity to cultivate new fans through sharing
of the creations and will create an environment that will offer support at
various levels of manufacturing, such as, acquisition of feedback on their
creation, tipping/payment system for creators, product advice and
consultation, and even a system to match creators with business partners.

2018 ©合同会社むすびて(MUSUBITE LLC) All rights reserved.

4

Specifically, the KanadeCoin communities on Discord and Telegram are
a medium where users typified as token holders can communicate with each
other. Also, the "Community to support Monozukuri" feature is currently
being integrated on our Discord community.
At the KanadeCoin official Discord community, in addition to the channels
that encourages daily management reports and communication between
creators and users, we have also developed channels that allows individual
creators such as engineers, craftsmen, video producers, music producers and
illustrators, etc. to upload and share their creations and have instant
interactions with users related to their creations.
Additionally, in our Discord Community, we have introduced a promotion
bounty reward system which remunerates users who promote creative
activities of individual creators, and creators who release their own service
and creation with KNDC tokens.
The users and creators who receives the token will then be able to pay
other creators in our community and this will build an ecosystem in which
mutual financial support for Monozukuri will be conceivable among users.
Furthermore, as a measure to strengthen the Discord community and
reinforce the support for Monozukuri, KanadeCoin management team will
partner with companies which are engaged in supporting creators to provide
their own services and will encourage them to participate in the community.
Therefore, individual creators will be able to receive advice independently
from partnering companies and can easily get business orders using KNDC
token or fiat currency.

2018 ©合同会社むすびて(MUSUBITE LLC) All rights reserved.

5

Although majority of individual creators can do creative works, but they
are unable to conduct proper sales and marketing activities on daily basis,
and so they share a common notion that their creation or service did not get
the awareness it deserved. KanadeCoin offers to solve this issue by
establishing a circle of diverse human resources, such as, a sales team, an
advertising agency, and writers, to bridge both sides commercially.
In addition, for the individual creators who make their living independently
as freelancer and those who are engaged in creative activities as a company,
back office issues such as taxation, legal affairs, and clerical works are
accompanied by not few but many issues. The KanadeCoin community
positively advocates solving these potentially disruptive issues and other
bottlenecks related to manufacturing.
2-2.

Smart contract

KanadeCoin is an ERC20 token created over Ethereum block chain.
One can perform high-speed and extremely secure settlements and
remittance using block chain. KanadeCoin has following Smart Contract
functions which provide new development possibilities to users who provide
services, such as developers of smartphone applications and operators of
Web sites.
Voting function: A secure voting function using smart contracts can be
introduced into applications. It can be used for research, decision making,
and events, etc.
Save data: This helps in saving a specified string on the block chain. The
saved data (information) becomes public and then anyone can refer to it.

2018 ©合同会社むすびて(MUSUBITE LLC) All rights reserved.

6

Random box： With this function, one can generate and retrieve random
values. The random box function makes it easy to develop systems similar
Omikuji (Fortune telling) and Gachapon (a.k.a Blind box sets).
Distribution (Rain): With rain function, one can send KNDC tokens to multiple
addresses at once. This can be useful when distributing event rewards to a
large group of users.
2-3.

KanadeCoin SDK

Developers of web services and applications can easily incorporate
KanadeCoin into their own services and can take advantage of the settlement
function along with the above mentioned Smart Contract functions. This will
help increase the convenience of services and applications and in turn will
mutually benefit users at KanadeCoin community.

2018 ©合同会社むすびて(MUSUBITE LLC) All rights reserved.

7

3. Roadmap

2018.04.07

KanadeCoin launched

2018.04.07

AirDrop#1 application started

2018.04 Early

Discord established

2018.04 Mid

Logo competition begins

2018.04.29〜

Airdrop#1 distribution (about 4 billion)

2018.05 mid

KanadeCoin SDK development started

2018.05 mid

Official logo decided by vote

2018.05.13

AirDrop#2 application started

2018.05.31〜

AirDrop#2 distribution started（about 1.5 billion）
※Tokens not distributed moved to bounty wallet

2018.06.12

Incorporation ：合同会社むすびて(MUSUBITE LLC)

2018.07.02

Exchange listing

2018.09〜

KanadeCoin SDK βversion launch

2018.09〜

Adopted in smartphone application or web services

2018.09〜10

Exchange listing (2nd)

2019.02〜

KanadeCoin SDK launch

2019.2Q〜

Develop application implements KanadeCoin

2019.2Q〜

Adopted in several smartphone application or web
services

2018 ©合同会社むすびて(MUSUBITE LLC) All rights reserved.

8

4. Operations Team

@すずき (Kyohei Suzuki)

@monolitht

合同会社むすびて 代表社員/CEO・CMO

KanadeCoin Developer/CTO

AND
Team of Advisors, Community Managers, Promotion and PR professionals

2018 ©合同会社むすびて(MUSUBITE LLC) All rights reserved.

9

Company Profile
Name

: MUSUBITE LLC ( 合同会社むすびて )

Address

: 6F, Ichigo Higashi-Ikebukuro Bldg.
1-34-5 Higashi-Ikebukuro, Toshima-ku, Tokyo

Representative

: CEO 鈴木 教平(Kyohei Suzuki)

Date of Establishment : 12th June 2018
Capital

: 3,000,000 JPY

Business Description

: Management of proprietary cryptographic currency
token KanadeCoin, formation and operation of the
communities supporting craftsmanship, support /
consulting business related to Monozukuri.

2018 ©合同会社むすびて(MUSUBITE LLC) All rights reserved.

10

5. Token Allocation

≫ Development Team (1%)
This is used as a reward for Development Team
≫ Lock-up Funds (9%)
Lock-up of funds is guaranteed by Smart Contract for a period of 3 years from the date
of issuance of currency and it reduces the possibility of selling out by management.
Ultimately these funds will be used as a reward for the development team.
≫ Bounty Program (25%)
It is used as a remuneration for contributors of the project excluding the development
team. This amount will be gradually utilized in the long term.
≫ Distribution at the time of Listing (10%)
This amount will be distributed at the exchange where we list first.
≫ AirDrop (55%)
Most of the KanadeCoin tokens are distributed via Airdrop to build a “Community to
support Monozukuri”. Those who recognize the value of KanadeCoin and those who
participate in the community, increase the value and distribution of the currency itself.
Tokens not distributed will be moved to bounty wallet and used for future growth of
KanadeCoin.

2018 ©合同会社むすびて(MUSUBITE LLC) All rights reserved.

11

6. Token Specifications

Name

KanadeCoin

Symbol

KNDC

Token Base

ERC20 Token based on Ethereum Block chain

Decimals

8

Total Supply

10 Billion Tokens

Start Date

April 7th, 2018

Contract Address

0x8E5610ab5E39d26828167640EA29823fe1dD5843

Source Code

https://github.com/KanadeCoin/kanadecoin

2018 ©合同会社むすびて(MUSUBITE LLC) All rights reserved.

12

2018.06 Ver 1.0.0

The contents in this Whitepaper are based on facts and figures available to us as of July 2nd, 2018.
As development proceeds, the details mentioned herein are subject to change in the future. Also,
none of the contents and features described above are guaranteed and subject to change or
improvised.
In addition, this Whitepaper is for information purposes only, not for solicitation or suggestion for
buying or selling virtual currency or securities or other assets.
The joint company and the KanadeCoin management team do not assume any responsibility for
any conduct that the user performes based on the contents of this Whitepaper.

2018 ©合同会社むすびて(MUSUBITE LLC) All rights reserved.

13

