WHITE PAPER
KarmaGlobal.tech

Karma, when properly understood,
is just the mechanics
through which consciousness manifests.
Deepak Chopra

IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER - PLEASE READ
This document (also referred to herein as a white paper) introduces Karma,
a blockchain-based solution for creating, managing and growing member
communities of various sizes, across multiple use-cases.
This document is distributed publically solely for the purpose of announcing the
Karma project, its development goals as we currently understand them (subject to
change), and to solicit comments from the developer community. It is not intended
to serve as a binding commitment or contract. This document is not an offer of
tokens (whether they are deemed securities or otherwise), or a solicitation of an
offer to purchase tokens. All statements contained herein are qualified as subject
to applicable law.
Karma is inspired by systems previously built and operated by Karma International,
LLC (Karma International). Those systems are the result of years of investment
and dedicated work. However, Karma will be developed and operated by a separate
and distinct entity established to serve best those purposes (referred to in this
white paper as Karma Global Tech, Ltd). Various persons who were previously, are
currently, or will in the future be associated with Karma International may provide
services to the Karma Global Tech, Ltd in connection with their employment or
retention by Karma Global Tech, Ltd. However, if they do so, this will be in their
capacities and in no way in connection with their various associations with Karma
International.

Contents
Introduction										1
Terminology and Acronyms								1
The Challenge		
								2
The Karma Solution									2
Market Analysis									3
The Team
Executive Officers								
		Dylan Marer								5
		Michael Costache							6
		Greg Marer								7
Blockchain Architects								8
Legal Advisors									9
Branding									9
Event Marketing								10
Strategic Karma Advisors							11
Business Model
Revenue Streams								14
Karma Operational Costs							12
Customer Verticals								12
Social Impact - Karma Community Grant						
15
Karma’s Prospective Customer Base							15
Technology Stack									
DApp Design									16
OffChain Stack									17
The Karma Token									
Economics and Functional Specifications					18
Membership									19
Organization and Chapter Governance						20
Event Ticketing									21
Donations and Crowdfunding							22
Karma Platform									23
Other Uses as Created by the Network						
23
Modules										
Core Modules									24
Custom Modules								24
Karma Marketplace
Module Admission								25
Module Management								25
Karma’s Long-Term Goals								26
Token Sale
TGE Bonuses									27
TGE Funding Allocations								28
Legal Considerations								28
Roadmap
									29

Every action we take generates a force of energy that
returns to us in kind. When we consciously choose
actions that bring happiness and success to others, the
fruit of our karma is happiness and success. Deepak Chopra
INTRODUCTION

Karma is a bold initiative which leverages the power of decentralization
and blockchain technology to empower membership-based
organizations around the world.
Our slogan perfectly sets forth Karma’s vision: World’s First Decentralized Smart
Community Network. This is considerably more than just a slogan for us, but rather the
basis for all our combined efforts. Our mission is to become the core provider of such
tools – empowering communities of all shapes and sizes and allowing them to scale new
heights. All this while providing them with support and incentives along the way.
A truly effective community network doesn’t just track members or activities but catalyses
participation and help organizations reach their goals.
The blockchain capabilities of the Karma Community Network Software Platform and,
more specifically, the Karma International Token (KIT), lay the foundation of all of these
efforts: allowing organizations to launch, manage, build and operate on Karma and ensuring
a thriving, sustainable and diverse module and support ecosystem. Karma also seamlessly
integrates best of breed off-chain technologies to provide a completely optimized and
modularized solution.
This white paper describes what Karma is under the hood, how it will be brought to life by
our team, and our vision and approach for bringing Karma into the world.

TERMINOLOGY
AND ACRONYMS

1

Term

Stands For

Description

KML

Karma Member Lounge

The current, custom-built community network,
the foundation for our upcoming efforts.

Karma

Karma Global Tech, Ltd

The entire solution offered by Karma to power
membership-based organizations and to
manage their transactions and operations.

Karma Instance

A single community or
organization that utilizes
Karma

Each community or organization powered
by Karma will have its own completely
encapsulated Karna Instance. Each Karma
Instance will benefit from the full Karma
solution and the use of KIT.

KIT

Karma International Token

The Ethereum-based token which allows
each Karma Instance to tap into the powerful
benefits of the blockchain offered by Karma.

TGE

Token Generation Event

The process of securely generating and
transferring your purchased KIT tokens.

Module

Karma Module

A useful collection of related functions (e.g.,
“Billing”) which can be selectively deployed
and customized by Karma Instances based on
their requirements. Modules can be created
and reused by many parties (including our
Community Developers), resulting in Karma
continuously improving.

Marketplace

Karma Marketplace

The hub for publishing, distributing and
managing all Karma Modules, including those
created by the Developer Community.

Developer
Community

The home of Karma
Module developers

All members of the KIT Token Holder
Community who publish and distribute Modules.

THE CHALLENGE

Spinning up a new software platform to support the growing business models of
organizations is a considerable challenge. Organizations across the world seeking to do
so face numerous difficulties selecting the right technologies and solutions, and after
that selecting the right development partners in order to implement those choices.
Even if these initial selections are appropriate, actually implementing, operating and
maintaining the resulting Community Network can be fraught with complications.
Established organizations, with their legacy software systems (i.e., networks and
systems based on older, non-blockchain technologies), face similar and additional
difficult challenges. These organizations’ legacy software systems are often a diverse
mix of incompatible technologies (different vendors, versions, protocols, ages,
interfaces, etc.). Grafting on newer components, even if those components, considered
in isolation, are the right choice, can be combinatorially difficult. Bottom line - as
growing organizations scale their operations, their Legacy Community Networks
simply cannot keep up.
Karma International faced this issue itself. Established in 2005, Karma International,
as a membership organization, has the mission of connecting exceptional and
inspirational individuals both socially and professionally through a variety of high
profile experiential events, business networking summits, social gatherings, and
international excursions. Karma International was very successful with this tightly
focused business model. Over the next several years Karma International built and
evolved its own Community Network, often in response to pressing and immediate
requirements. Karma International’s ever increasing growth and the vast expansion of
its model to that of a true membership organization eventually rendered this approach
unsustainable.

$32,000,000
TOTAL REVENUES

THE KARMA
SOLUTION

2

65,000

PLATFORM USERS

6,050

KML MEMBERS

500+ 12
EVENTS

YEARS

In 2014 Karma International took the initiative and resolved to develop a new internal
platform, what ultimately became the Karma Member Lounge (KML). The KML was
designed from the ground up to have the capacity to power and manage all aspects
of Karma International’s expanded and anticipated business models. The KML has
become a powerful and multi-faceted platform which has benefited from many years of
industry experience, significant investment, R&D, and focused and organized software
development efforts. The KML has been a true labor of love for Karma International
and fulfills its mandate of providing its members with the best possible experience.

Karma International has been and will always be focused on providing
value back to the community, towards those organizations most in
need. It has contributed to hundreds of nonprofit efforts over the
years and is directly involved in charitable and community efforts.
Our new offering, Karma Community Network (KCN), continues and
massively scales this vision, representing the distributed, blockchain
technology based, tokenized, secured and scalable reimagining
of the original KML - made available to any membership-based
organization.

Karma will also enable organization-to-organization (and organization to
Community Developer) communications, financial management, donating and
voting. This will create opportunities and create value on an unprecedented scale.
As more and more organizations and Community Developers adopt Karma, the
value proposition of the platform will itself increase due to the network effect.
Adding blockchain capability will change the way organizations are managed.
Blockchain enables organizations and chapters to more easily and securely
communicate. Members are able to control their own private information but
are able to easily reach out to other members across an organization’s network.
Blockchain enables simple, smart voting which empowers members to control
the organizations. Blockchain and the KIT also add the potential for an additional
incentive layer for organizations to leverage.
According to social scientist Mancur Olson, organization members join
in order to find some benefit or incentive. This could include the feeling that
comes with supporting a purpose you believe in, solidarity and networking, or
self-expression. By adding a token system to membership, organizations can
incentivize participation through purpose and self-expression but also materially,
which benefits the strength of the network as a whole. This can be customized
by organization depending on how they want members to participate, but could
include options such as tokens as a reward for donations, participating in events, or
referring members.

Only a separate and ‘selective’ incentive will
stimulate a rational individual in a latent group to
act in a group-oriented way
Mancur Olson

3

MARKET
ANALYSIS

The potential market for the Karma Community Network is comprised of organizations
looking to better engage their members and grow their community. These
organizations include charitable causes which would use the network to grow their
donor base and engage them on fundraising goals and outcomes. Member clubs, such
as interest groups, private clubs and alumni organizations, would use the network
to track membership, vote on governance and inform members of upcoming events.
Business networks, such as association or professional licensing groups, would use
the Karma Community Network to reach out to members, offer benefits and network
connections, and manage governance.
There are innumerable organizations that fit these descriptions. In the United States
alone there are more than 1.5 million nonprofit organizations, just a small cross
section of the types of organizations who could find value from the Karma Community
Network. Organizations are constantly looking for ways to find new donors or members
and ways to better engage those members. Karma enables organizations to easily
connect with their base better and to create incentives for participation by taking
advantage of the power of the blockchain. Other solutions that exist simply manage
member or donor registries and none are enabled by blockchain technology.
Karma is a next-generation, one-stop solution for managing and growing membership
organizations.
Karma will be adaptable and extensible, meaning that it can be tailored to the diverse
and evolving needs of membership organizations worldwide. In order to achieve
success at velocity, we will leverage:
1. the knowledge we have gained from building, operating and managing a highly
successful community network (KML),
2. the expertise and skills of our blockchain development team,
3. the guidance of our advisors, and
4. the valued input of the growing Karma Community.
5. our strategy to give the KCN Platform to several hundred worthy organizations
to use with no start up fees and thus create mass adoption.

4

THE TEAM

Executive Officers
Dylan Marer

Chairman / CEO
dmarer@karmainternational.com
Mr. Marer has led Karma in creating vision and direction
to create the infrastructure and expand the brand both
nationally and internationally. Mr. Marer has twenty nine years’
experience developing sales and marketing strategies for
direct sales companies, advertising campaigns, commercials,
sales collateral, sales & training media, and distribution
strategies for a wide variety of corporate clients for their direct sales and retail product
campaigns.
Mr. Marer is an award winning, television acclaimed, live event and show producer
with experience in mass marketing, events and television commercial productions
that include some of the nation’s most recognized entertainment, tech, and productoriented brands.
Marer’s productions range from the Global Media Launch of the movie Avatar Bluray for James Cameron, Oscar party celebration for the host of the Academy – Seth
MacFarlane, Fox Entertainment movie press launches, Qualcomm, Best Buy, Maxim
Media, and Twitter Flight 2016, just to name a few. Broadcast and Television experience
include American Idol Singers Advantage, Sylvester Stallone’s InStone, ABC’s Extreme
Makeover, Miracle Skin Transformer, Spray White 90, Hydroxatone, New Image, Doctors
Say Yes, Free Triple Score.com, AbsolutePoker,
and the World Poker Tour.
Mr. Marer has been recognized and covered by hundreds of major television media,
news media, entertainment magazines, industry magazines and lifestyle pieces,
including being the featured star of two, one hour, television documentaries on Nat
Geo’s “Party Like an Emperor” and “Party Like the Queen of France” highlighting his
creativity and skill as a live event producer and comparing his productions with some of
the greatest events of all time.

5

Additionally, Marer prides himself on using his expertise and creativity for the creation
of movie quality, theatrically designed themes for the higher end charity events to raise
money for worthy causes; “parties for the right reasons.”

Michael Costache

President
mcostache@karmainternational.com
Mike never liked being put in a box so he spent the last 20
years as an entrepreneur, investment banker, author, professor,
speaker, angel investor and fundraiser for various charities.
Currently, Mike is the President of Karma, the world’s first
decentralized Smart Community Network, using the Karma
Protocol and Karma International Token (KIT) to empower
membership-based communities.
Mike is a Managing Partner at KrowdMentor, a strategic investment and advisory firm
empowering blockchain startups, funds and entrepreneurs to reach their funding and
liquidity goals. Mike is also the founder of the Blockchain Investors Consortium (BIC)
and serves on the Advisory Board of Token-as-a-Service (TaaS), the first ever tokenized
closed-end fund dedicated to investments in blockchain assets.
Since 2011, Mike is a member of Tech Coast Angels (TCA), a network of 330 angel
investors in Southern California who have invested $185 million in 300+ deals and raised
over $1.5 billion from VCs.
From 2006 to 2011, Mike was the President of Leo & Leo, which represented brands
such as Maserati, Segway, NetJets, PrivatSea, Sunseeker Yachts, NetSuite, Marsh, Orgil
Greenhouses, Miss Universe, and Rockstar Energy Drink. Total sales amounted to €60
million.
From 2000 to 2006, Mike served as founding CEO of Pioneer TeleCare, an e-commerce
firm with total revenues of $4 million. From 1998 to 2003, Mike was an Associate at
WestPark Capital, The Interlink Group, Millennium Capital Partners, all LA-based
i-banks.
Mike holds a degree in Economics from Pepperdine University, a Graduate Certificate in
Dispute Resolution from Pepperdine’s School of Law and has completed the Program on
Negotiations for Senior Executives at Harvard.
Born in Romania in 1977, Mike migrated to Israel in 1988 and in 1992 to the US. Mike was
featured in USA Today, Wall Street Journal, Inc., Entrepreneur, CCTV, Business Week,
Men’s Health, Top Gear and numerous other media outlets.

Marvin Epstein

6

Executive Vice President
mepstein@karmainternational.com
Marvin is an accomplished serial entrepreneur. As the
founder and president of the private equity firm I.A.T. Capital,
his areas of success include sports, entertainment, film
financing, and new media technology. In 2005, Marvin became
a principal and partner of Karma. He has created a platform
of services and strategic partners for the members-only
organization, including the development of numerous charity, hospitality and media
relationships. Marvin has raised awareness and hundreds of thousands of dollars for a
variety of deserving non-profit organizations.

Greg Marer

Vice President of Operations
gmarer@karmainternational.com
Mr. Marer spent the last thirty-eight years excelling in all
facets of the event production and hospitality industries
and has developed extensive knowledge and experience in
business administration and management. Having graduated
from the Century School of Culinary Arts, Greg is an
accomplished chef who has held numerous positions as
an Executive Chef and General Manager for many well-known upscale
restaurants and executive dining management firms.

Robert Golden

Vice President of Membership
rgolden@karmainternational.com
Robert has been an entrepreneur and business leader all
his life. In his 20s, he successfully ran organizations in retail,
manufacturing, and telecommunications. Later in his career,
Robert joined the corporate world and worked in the resort
development business for over ten years and successfully built
top-performing sales teams around the United States. Robert joined
the Karma International Team in 2010 and became a partner in the company.
In his role as VP of Membership, Robert continues to work on increasing
Karma’s value to members and growing membership worldwide.

Frank Frausto

7

Vice President of Digital Marketing
ffraustro@karmainternational.com
Frank Frausto is a Google veteran of over 14 years and
experienced first-hand the evolution of the world’s most
recognizable startup from a private valuation of $18 billion
in 2003 to today’s market capitalization of $640 billion. Frank
is the VP of Digital Marketing and the Founding President of
Karma International’s San Francisco Chapter.
Currently, Frank serves on the Advisory Board of KrowdMentor, a strategic
investment and advisory firm empowering blockchain investors, funds, startups
and entrepreneurs to reach their goals.

Blockchain Architects
Ioana Frincu

ioana.frincu@krowdmentor.com
Ioana has found the perfect balance in life by combining
her vocation of creating comprehensive software with her
avocation of addressing the world’s humanitarian needs.
She loves taking up challenges while developing and growing
innovative projects into real-life products.
Currently, Ioana serves as COO of KrowdMentor, a strategic
investment and advisory firm empowering blockchain investors, funds,
startups and entrepreneurs to reach their goals. Her expertise is token
design and white paper creation, having worked on multiple successful Initial
Coin Offerings.

Dan Cearnau

dan.cearnau@krowdmentor.com
Dan is an experienced tech entrepreneur, cryptocurrency
enthusiast and a blockchain developer implementing smart
contracts applications on Ethereum for numerous ventures
raising capital through Initial Coin Offerings.
Currently, Dan serves as the CTO of KrowdMentor, a strategic
investment and advisory firm empowering blockchain investors, funds,
startups and entrepreneurs to reach their goals.

Adrian Cazan

8

adrian.cazan@krowdmentor.com
Adrian is an entrepreneur with 15 years of technical expertise
across multiple industries in both Europe and the United
States. Currently, Adrian is the Chief Solutions Officer at
KrowdMentor, a strategic investment and advisory firm
empowering blockchain investors, funds, startups and
entrepreneurs to reach their liquidity goals.
In 2015, Adrian co-founded TimeWare Solutions, a
Los Angeles-based home and office automation company,
and became an authorized dealer of Crestron, the world’s leading
manufacturer of advanced media, control, and home and office automation
systems.

Legal Advisors
Josh Lawler

Zuber Lawler & Del Duca
Josh Lawler is an equity partner with the law firm Zuber
Lawler & Del Duca where he focuses on corporate law,
securities law, and mergers & acquisitions, with an emphasis
on technology and intellectual property. Josh has taken a
particular interest in Blockchain technology and the legal
issues relating to the finance, merger and sale of companies
using or involved with Blockchain technology.

Sagar Parikh

sagar.parikh@krowdmentor.com
Sagar Parikh is not your regular attorney who bills by the
hour or by the project. Sagar thinks outside the box and
works only with entrepreneurs and business owners where
his creative legal solutions save them a lot more money than
what they pay for his services.
Currently, Sagar serves as general counsel of KrowdMentor, a strategic investment and
advisory firm empowering blockchain investors, funds, startups, and entrepreneurs to
reach their goals. Sagar specializes in acting as general counsel for organizations in a
variety of industries, including, but not limited to, blockchain, real estate, digital media,
finance, healthcare, restaurants, bars, nightclubs, and multi-level-marketing

Branding
Andrei Bucur

9

andrei.bucur@krowdmentor.com
Starting as a graphic designer in 2001, Andrei’s interests and
projects became increasingly complex, moving to expertise
areas such as corporate branding, strategic design, and
contemporary marketing. Mainly focused on futureproof and
world changing issues like education, art, technology and
entrepreneurship.

Event Marketing
Robert Preoteasa

robert.preoteasa@krowdmentor.com
Robert is a tenacious entrepreneur immersed in the
decentralization movement that blockchain technology has
swept ashore over the past few years.
Currently, Robert is a Senior Associate at KrowdMentor, a
strategic investment and advisory firm empowering blockchain
investors, funds, startups and entrepreneurs to reach their liquidity
goals.
Since October 2016, Robert is also the Executive Director of d10e, the leading
conference on decentralization, blockchain and TGEs.
Since January of 2016, Robert is the President of the Bucharest Chapter of Karma
International.

Adina Bold

adina.bold@krowdmentor.com
Adina is currently an Event Executive at d10e, the leading
conference on decentralization, blockchain and ICOs. Since
2014, d10e’s editions were hosted in Amsterdam, Bucharest,
Kyiv, San Francisco, Singapore, Tel Aviv and Warsaw.
She is passionate about event planning, sales and marketing and
has worked at Mercedes-Benz Romania and produced the Forum
Sustainable Development and Entrepreneurship.

for

Adina earned a degree in Business Administration and is currently a candidate in
the MBA Program for Innovation and Entrepreneurship in Romanian & German at
the Bucharest University of Economic Studies.

Bianca Dinescu

10

bianca.dinescu@krowdmentor.com
Bianca generates ideas, insights and content as Marketing
and Event Executive at d10e, the Leading Conference on
Decentralization, Blockchain and ICOs. Since 2014, d10e’s
editions were hosted in Amsterdam, Bucharest, Kyiv, San
Francisco, Singapore, Tel Aviv and Warsaw.
Prior to joining d10e, Bianca created and implemented PR
and marketing strategies for NGOs (PRIME, PR&Ad Fair,
Experience Bucharest), numerous tourism and hospitality corporate clients (Air
France, KLM, Vola.ro,) and product-oriented brands, FMCG (Philip Morris, BIC and
Henkel). In addition to marketing strategies, Bianca organized for them a wide
range of events from private dinners to large scale conferences, workshops and
cocktail parties
Bianca earned a degree in Communications from the Romanian National University
of Political Studies and Public Administration.

Strategic Karma Advisors
Ruslan Gavryliuk

Co-founder & CEO
Token-as-a-Service (TaaS) Fund
Ruslan Gavryliuk is the co-founder and CEO of Token-as-aService (TaaS) Fund, the first-ever tokenized closed-end fund
that allows its investors to capitalize on the rise of blockchain
markets.
Ruslan has more than 14 years’ experience in founding and
managing projects in geoscience, mobile money solutions, oil and
gas operations, precious miners mining, sports, and fashion.
Alongside his co-founders and advisors, Ruslan raised
$7.6 million through an ICO back on March 27 - April 27 from 3,972 contributors.
TaaS has since invested $3.5 million in 15 promising ICOs and was very active in
crypto trading, producing 61% ROI for its first fully-operational quarter
(May 1 - Aug 1).

Craig Sellars

Co-founder
Partner
Tether, BlockV Block.One/EOS
Craig Sellars is the co-founder of Tether, BLOCKv and
Partner at Block.One. Craig leads the development of global
innovations on top of the Bitcoin blockchain as the Chief
Technologist of the Omni Foundation and acts in a variety
of roles as co-founder, technologist, facilitator, director, and
advisor for several blockchain projects and companies including
Omni, Tether, vAtomic, Bitfinex, Unsung, KrowdMentor, Fuzo, Factom, Synereo, Tau
Chain and the MaidSafe Foundation.

David Blumberg

Founder & Managing Partner
Blumberg Capital
David Blumberg is the founder and Managing Partner of
Blumberg Capital. David is an authority on early stage
investing with more than 25 years of experience, four funds
with over $500 million under management.

11

He founded Blumberg Capital in the early 1990s and launched
its first venture-backed fund in 2001. Blumberg Capital’s HQ is in San
Francisco and has offices in NYC and Tel Aviv while its portfolio companies are
spread in a dozen countries.

Eddy Travia

Founder & CEO
Consilium Group
Eddy Travia is the co-founder and CEO of Consilium Group.
Eddy is a pioneer investor in blockchain and Bitcoin startups
since 2013. He was nominated among the top 3 ‘Most
Influential Investors of the Year’ at the Blockchain Awards 2014
along with Marc Andreessen and Roger Ver.

Ryan Scott

Entrepreneur, Investor, Philanthropist
Ryan Scott is an entrepreneur, social impact investor,
humanist, philanthropist and online marketing pioneer,
having developed and patented the double opt-in email
methodology.
After selling NetCreations in 2001 for $111 million, Ryan
became an angel investor alongside Sequoia Capital, Mark Cuban,
Newscorp, CBS Corporation, Elon Musk, and Burda Media in a number of companies
such as Inside, Tesla, CrowdFunder, Tiltify, Lottery.com, Earth Class Mail, Principle
Power, Signum Biosciences, Greener World Media, Sierra Nevada Solar, and Cool Earth
Solar.
His biggest personal investment since 2011 has been Causecast, the world’s most
innovative workplace giving, volunteering and social impact platform. Ryan’s vision
is to create a world in which corporations compete with each other to make the most
positive social impact.

Gordon Einstein

Crypto-Attorney and FinTech+Blockchain Expert
CryptoLaw Partners
Gordon Einstein is a hybrid crypto-attorney, technologist and
enterprise strategist.
Gordon received his undergraduate degree in Politics in 1991
from Brandeis University in Boston and then received his JD in
1995 from the USC Gould School of Law in Los Angeles. Gordon is also
a proud Eagle Scout, having served in Boy Scout Troop 223.

Jeremy Gardner

12

Co-founder
Entrepreneur-in-Residence
Augur
Blockchain Capital
Jeremy Gardner is the founder and Chairman of the
Blockchain Education Network (BEN) and a founder of Augur,
the decentralized prediction market platform. He now works
as an Entrepreneur-in-Residence at Blockchain Capital,
where he has started a new company, SAAVHA. Jeremy also
serves as editor-in-chief of Distributed Magazine.

Harry Yeh

Co-founder & Managing Partner
Binary Financial
Harry Yeh is the co-founder and Managing Partner at Binary
Financial, an investment management company focused on
providing superior returns for its clients and partners in the
cryptocurrency space, trading and facilitating large block
trades for high net worth individuals and institutions.

Eric Gu

Founder & CEO
Metaverse
Eric Gu is the founder and CEO of Viewfin. He is a senior
expert in fintech and digital assets and a well-known opinion
leader in the Chinese blockchain ecosystem. In 2014, Mr.
Gu successfully introduced China’s first public blockchain –
Metaverse (500 BTC back when it was at $400) by relying on the
country’s huge market demand for blockchain and advantageous
technological trends.

Brad Yasar

Co-Founder & Managing Partner
KrowdMentor
Brad Yasar is an entrepreneur, investor, mentor, and advisor
who started and bootstrapped several companies from
inception to maturity over the past 20 years. Currently, Brad
is the co-founder and Managing Partner of KrowdMentor,
a strategic crowdfunding advisory firm focusing on TGEs,
cryptocurrencies, blockchain, and token powered organizations.

Karma Partner Advisor
Eric Stotz

Founder
Karma International
estotz@karmainternational.com
Eric Stotz is a serial entrepreneur, investor, connector and
advisor. Stotz is the founder of Karma International and is
driving force behind the Karma Member Lounge (KML) and
Karma’s overall technology direction. He is the founder
and Managing Director of LawLinq.com, a California State
Bar Certified Lawyer Referral Service and the Managing
Director of Consumer Law Experts, PC, a law firm focused on
advocating for consumer rights.

13

BUSINESS MODEL

Revenue Streams
The current revenue streams are based on the adoption of Karma by membership
organizations, using the Karma Community Network platform as a SaaS (software as a
service) which includes KIT to power the capabilities provided by the KCN platform. KIT
will be used for all system capabilities, including:
1. On-going Karma Infrastructure usage fees (Operational Costs) based on per user;
2. Transaction Fees for intra-organizational payments (membership payments,
purchases, Karma Exchange, Module acquisition, etc.);
3. Service fees for Karma Business, Technology (creating custom modules) or
Outreach services;
4. Tiered usage fees for bandwidth, storage and processing power.

Karma Operational Costs
The right to operate a Karma Instance will be available to all KIT holders. This is subject
to using KIT for any type of payment, exchange and consensus reaching.
The revenue streams outlined above will cover Karma’s Operational Costs and the
maintenance of its underlying infrastructure. The fees will be apportioned in accordance
with each Karma Instance’s size and infrastructure requirements and will also decrease
with widespread adoption.
Out of the $20 million raised in the Token Generation Event (TGE), $10 million will be
allocated towards the development of the Core Modules and the Marketplace. Each
Karma Instance will have two options with respect to Module selection:
1. Previously Developed Modules
a. Core Modules - will be delivered upon the creation of each Karma Instance
and can be enabled and disabled by each such Instance;
b. Marketplace - the virtual location where Custom Modules developed by
the Community Developers may be acquired by Karma Instances.
2. Request Custom Module Development
a. May apply for Community Grant
b. May retain the services of a developer from the Developer Community

14

Customer Verticals
There are three primary customer verticals which will aggregate the revenue streams
for Karma:
1. Physical membership organizations (such as country or golf clubs),
private clubs, etc.
2. Virtual membership organizations (universities alumni chapters, business
networking organizations, etc.)
3. Non-profit organizations, which lack the operational backbone (CRM, ERP, BI,
etc.) to raise funds from their donor base transparently.

SOCIAL IMPACT:
KARMA
COMMUNITY
GRANT

Karma is a next-generation solution that appeals to a wide array of
membership organizations, including nonprofits working for the good
of the world. Our highest value is supporting these efforts.
The Karma Community Grant is a collectively-operated, publicly-audited program
created to jump-start a qualifying community within Karma. Funding will be directed to
the Developer Community through the Community Grant for the purpose of supporting
the growth and success of worthy organizations and nonprofits seeking to serve the
public good.
This program will become instrumental in allocating critical assistance and providing
technology and business support to any Community or Development Partner. They can
use the tokens to integrate and build within our Karma infrastructure.
The Program will be completely administered by the KIT Holders, through consensus
reached in the DAO.
Karma intends to give thousands of these Community Grants and allow these worthy,
approved organizations access to the KCN Platform without any start up fees or
per user fees. Additionally, with the aid of the Community Grants, Karma will even
customize needed modules to benefit these organizations to create mass adoption and
acceptance of the Karma Community Network

Karma's
Prospective
Customer Base

Karma’s prospective customer base is comprised of organizations operating or logging
to create their own community networks.
We are focusing our efforts on providing Modules which will deliver the greatest
benefits to the four types of prospective customers described below. Once the
Marketplace is launched, the Consensus mechanism will drive the direction of Karma’s
capabilities via Module development.
Karma usage scenarios:

15

Industry

Karma
Members

Karma Advantage

KIT Usage

Worthwhile
Causes

Donors/
Supporters &
Beneficiaries

Operate a community where
donors can connect with endbeneficiaries and encourage
transparent processes.

Vote to implement new
projects, process payment
and contributions using
Smart Contracts.

Member
Clubs

Members

Allow any organization built
around a member-centric
community (such as interest
groups, private clubs, etc.) to
connect and communicate under
their own branding.

Voting on business items,
consuming tokens for
membership, relevant dues
and purchases.
Exchanges between
members.

Barter
Network

Members

Leveraging the benefits of
blockchain technology to track
all assets, services and products,
transactions, and provide
transparency, security and
reliability.

Replacing legacy and internal
use only “point systems”
and allowing them to use a
fast, reliable system backed
by and monetized by the KIT
token.

Business
Network

Organizations &
Individuals

Allow individuals to openly
access, review and connect with
matching businesses

Make decisions based on
consensus, using Smart
Contracts

ETH ER EUM BLO CKCH AIN

TECHNOLOGY
STACK
DECENTRALIZED

CONSENSUS
(Blockchain Synchronisation)
BL

READ
DATA
BLOCKCHAIN
SIGNING
INTERFACE

(MetaMask, Trezor,
Ledger etc.)

BLOCKCHAIN
NODE
(GETH)
SIGN
TRANSACTION

APPLICATION
INTERFACE
(ReactJS)

OCKCHAIN

BLOCKCHAIN
STATE

SIGN
CONTRACT

MODULE 1
MODULE 2
ORCHESTRATION

RESPONSE
ORCHESTRATION

MODULE N+1

DApp Design
By using Ethereum as the abstract foundational layer, Karma is able to implement
all the features and rules of the KIT token directly into smart contracts, which
are deployed and processed by the entire network. By using the entire Ethereum
infrastructure with the purpose of validating transactions and adding new blocks to the
blockchain, we minimize any possible attack on the protocol.

16

On top of Ethereum, we have built the services using Geth. Geth is a multipurpose
command line tool that runs a full Ethereum node implemented in Go. In this case,
it is running on a proprietary Linux server with no RPC/HTTP open ports. The
communication, which involves the Geth, is managed through the Python intermediary
application and the Ethereum network.
The applications connect to the Ethereum blockchain are built on Truffle. Truffle is a
development environment, testing framework and asset pipeline for Ethereum. We use
Ethereum Truffle for:
Built-in smart contract compilation, linking, deployment and binary management
Configurable build pipeline with support for custom build processes
Network management for deploying to many public and private networks

Communication with the Ethereum node is done through the JSON RPC API. JSONRPC is a stateless, light-weight Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol. Primarily this
specification defines several data structures and the rules around their processing. It is
transport agnostic in that the objects can be used within the same process, over sockets,
over HTTP, or in many various message passing environments. It uses the JSON (RFC
4627) as its data format.
The frontend application is implemented using the ReactJS framework. This application
is located on a different server and communicates with the Intermediate Layer using Web
Sockets and a REST API.

OffChain Stack
The Request Processor represents the main centralized system in Karma to which all
incoming requests are routed. It is written in GO, which gives it high-scalability and
similar capabilities to those of CloudFlare. The Request Processor will be responsible for
loading the correct public and private encryption keys.
The Object Storage Services are built on top of existing object-storage systems (S3,
CloudFiles, etc.) and represent the data storage mechanism for managing the information
about the Karma Instances. Content delivery is done through this system and will also
incorporate security features, such as encryption based upon a combination of private
master and local keys.
Data storage will be done by using both relational and non-relational database
management systems, which are:
Key-value (NoSQL) storage for object elements and caches (using MongoDB)
Managed Relational Database storage for any ACID compliant requirements (using
PostgreSQL)

The core modules will be developed using: GO and PYTHON 3.x and gRPC communication
channels. They will be cryptographically signed by Karma.
The Modules delivered by the Developer Community will support any virtualized
technology (via Docker) and must be able to utilize gRPC to communicate with the rest of
the infrastructure. They must be cryptographically signed by the developer.
The application front-end will be a React-based Interface which uses Material Design and
TypeScript for external JS modules.

17

THE
KARMA TOKEN

Economics and Functional Specifications
We will be generating a custom ERC223 token (the successor to the ERC20 token
standard) with eighteen digits after the decimal point and the ticker symbol KIT. This
will become the foundation for all capabilities within Karma. All operations within
the Karma Community Network software platform are executed with its internal
digital currency the KIT token, an ERC223 token. This ensures security and prevents
unauthorized human intervention in the processes.
KIT will become more valuable and offer more utility as Karma continues to grow in the
following ways:
1. Member Organizations will use it to advance their vision and purpose
2. Individual Members can take advantage of KIT to purchase and sell items or services
3. KIT Holders can use Consensus to vote on relevant items
4. Development and Marketplace Partners can use KIT to build their applications and
reach completely different audiences for their offerings

KIT tokens can be used in the Karma Community Network platform in the following
ways:
1. Membership
2. Organization and chapter governance
3. Event ticketing
4. Donations and crowdfunding
5. Karma platform
6. Other uses as created by network

Platform

18

Membership

KIT

Crowdfunding

Events

TokenEvents

Ev
Donations

Governance

Membership
The KIT token shall be used to support organization membership through dues, regular
fees or costs to join. This transaction will flow between individual members and the
client organization.
The client organization will determine:
1. The frequency of the membership price (one time, annually, monthly, etc.);
2. The cost in KIT;
3. If the dues/fees can be refunded;
4. Exclusivity of the organization (open to the public, or limited);
5. Any personal information requested of the member.

This information will then be deployed as part of the membership smart contract for
that organization. Each organization will have a separate, individualized membership
smart contract which will accept KIT to pay for membership dues. The sign-up flow will
be automatically created with a landing page and sign-up form.
The member paying dues will need to, before paying, have a compatible wallet
containing enough KIT to pay the dues. That member will fill out the webpage form
to join or re-up their membership. This form would include any information the
organization requests about the member. The member would then submit that form
and be prompted by the KIT compatible wallet to sign, or accept, the transaction which would send the payment from the member’s wallet to the membership smart
contract. When the transaction is confirmed and recorded to the blockchain the
membership smart contract will release the KIT to the client organization, except
a small, transparent transaction fee which is paid to Karma. The member will then
receive confirmation that their dues have been paid and will be marked as “in good
standing,” for the period of time determined by the client organization.
The standing of each member will be visible on the Karma platform and
organizations will be able to send reminders to users to pay dues or fees. Members will
gain access to their organizations social pages where they can find out about events,
read organization news and interact with other members.

Terms of
Membership

Org

19

Smart Contract
Generator

Member info
Unique Membership Smart
contract

User

$

Records member
To blockchain

Payment

Ticket price paid
To org

Fee paid
To karma

Organization and Chapter Governance
The KIT token shall be used to enable organizations and their members to contribute to
the governance of their organization. Client organizations will be able to create smart
contracts for members to vote on changes or leadership. Client organizations will
determine:
1. The issue being voted on;
2. The possible outcomes for the proposition;
3. If each member gets one vote or multiple;
4. If vote impact is based on stake in KIT tokens or not;
5. If members are to rank their preferences or not;
6. The length of the voting period;
7. If there is a cost to vote or not.

This information will then be deployed to a voting smart contract and will create a
landing page for voting. All active members in good standing will have access to the
voting page, and through the platform client organizations will have to ability to send
email notifications about the ballot or election.
Members will make selections on the voting landing page, as determined by the
options created by the client organization. The actual vote will be recorded in one of
four basic ways based on what the client organization has chosen:
1. Voting costs nothing and one vote is registered to each wallet address. The vote or votes
can be changed at any time by simply making new selections which shall be registered to
the address, removing the previous selections from that address.
2. A vote costs some predetermined amount of KIT and one vote is registered to each
wallet address. This vote can be changed like in the previous option.
3. Voting costs nothing and the amount of votes any member gets is related to the amount
of KIT they are holding in their wallet as compared to other members of that organization.
This structure could be useful to incentivise users to contribute to events as speakers or
vendors. These votes can also be changed.
4. A vote costs some predetermined amount of KIT and the amount of votes any member
gets is related to the amount of KIT they are holding in their wallet as compared to other
members of that organization. These votes can be changed.

When the member submits their vote it is then recorded to the blockchain. At the end
of the voting period the results of the vote will be posted to the client organization’s
internal page so that all members and leadership can see the blockchain-confirmed
outcomes of the vote. This will not contain any personally identifiable information on
any of the members, so as to protect privacy.

20

Org

Terms of
Voting

Voting Info
User

Voting smart Contract
generator

Unique voting Smart contract

Records vote
To blockchain

Org dashboard
reads outcome

Event Ticketing
The KIT token shall be used to sell tickets for organization events. Each event will have
a discrete event smart contract. Client organizations wanting to host an event will
determine:
1. The date of the event, which will also be the date the smart contract is terminated;
2. The cost in KIT to attend the event;
3. If the event is recurring;
4. A description of the event;
5. Any third parties within the Karma network who will be paid from this event (ex.
Speakers who will receive an honorarium, nonprofit who will receive a donation) and the
amount of the total that will go to those parties;
6. Number of tickets available;
7. If the event is private to members only or public;
8. If members can purchase more than one ticket;
9. If tickets are transferable;
10. If refunds are available;
11. Any personal information about the purchaser.

This information will then be deployed as the ticketing smart contract. The ticket
purchasing flow will be automatically generated. This will include a landing page and
purchasing form.
The member purchasing a ticket will, like in the membership description, need to have a KIT
compatible wallet and enough KIT token in order to complete the transaction. The member will
fill in the ticket purchase form. When the member submits the ticket purchase form they will
be prompted by their KIT compatible wallet to sign the transaction - which sends the payment
from the member’s wallet to the ticketing smart contract. When that transaction in confirmed
the member will receive their ticket by email which can be used to check into the event. The
incoming KIT payments will be held in the ticketing smart contract until the event ends. The
KIT is held in order to facilitate individual refunds or refunds for event cancellations. When the
event passes and just before the smart contract is terminated the KIT brought in from the event
will be distributed to the wallets of the client organization that hosted the event as well as any
identified third party vendors. Third party vendors with a KIT compatible wallet will be able to be
paid automatically through the smart contract. These fast, simple payments will be just another
benefit for the talented members looking to give back to the community, and organizations
looking for great speakers have access to the entire Karma network.
Tickets, RSVP lists and attendance records will be accessible through the Karma platform, and
verified by the blockchain. When members purchase tickets they will gain access to the event
social page, where they can post comments and photos and share feedback about the event.

21

Terms of
Tickets

Org

Ticket smart
Contract generator

Ticket
Purcase Info
Unique ticket
Smart contract

User

$

Records ticket
To blockchain

Payment

Ticket price paid
To org

Fee paid
To karma

Donations and Crowdfunding
The KIT token can be used for internal donations and crowdfunding of organization
initiatives. Organizations will determine:
1. Description of the fundraise or crowdfund;
2. Fundraising goal;
3. Length of time the fundraise will last.

This information will be launched as a fundraising smart contract and landing page.
Members will need to have a KIT compatible wallet with an amount of KIT in
it. The member will fill in their personal information and click the donate button on
the landing page and be taken to their wallet. They will enter the amount of KIT they
would like to donate. The KIT will be held in the smart contract until the fundraising
goal is met or the timeline ends. At that time the KIT will be transferred into the
client organization wallet. The organization will be able to keep members updated on
fundraising progress on their member page.

Org

User

Terms of
Fudraiser

$

Fundraising smart
Contract generator

22

Unique fundraising
Smart contract

Records Contribution
To blockchain

Org dashboard Reads
and tracks Contribution

Contriubution

Karma Platform
KIT will also be used to pay for use of the Karma platform (per user fees).
Client organizations that have not been given Community Grants will be charged up
front for some platform features and per transaction or contract launched for other
features. These payments will be made through platform smart contracts.
Client organizations will select which type of plan they need based on the number of
members and activity level. When the organization makes their selection they will be
prompted by their KIT enabled wallet to sign the transaction. When the transaction is
signed and recorded to the blockchain they will have access to the platform as allowed
by their selection. Similarly, they will be able to launch smart contracts or allow certain
other transactions.

$
Org

Karma change
ETH KIT

Wallet with
ETH

Smart contract

$
User

Wallet with
KIT

Smart contract

Other Uses as Created by the Network

23

The capabilities listed above are certainly innovative and will change the way
organizations are run. But, the most exciting prospects come from the network
of organizations using the platform. We recognize that with such a diverse range
of organizations, their needs will extend beyond what we are able to build. This is
where we will harness another of the strengths of the blockchain. We will create
a Marketplace for new capabilities to be requested, created, bought and sold.
Organizations can post requests for tools and smart contracts that they would like built
for their organization. Developers will be able to bid on the projects and organizations
can fund their development internally or by crowdfunding their development as
described above.
Developers will also be able to post new tools that they created which can be used or
purchased by client organizations. The flexibility enabled by this Marketplace will help
organizations take full advantage of this new era of technology and better grow and
engage their membership.

MODULES

In order to truly take advantage of the extensibility provided by our
architecture, we will provide three different types of Modules. All
management, discovery and billing are realized through a single
content marketplace hub called the Marketplace.
All Modules will share the same capabilities and access to the same resources, the
main difference being the author and use-case for each type.
Karma’s processing and computing functionality will be delivered and extended by an
ever-growing collection of distinct and self-contained plug-and-play Modules. Each
Module will offer its own features and benefits. Modules come in two varieties: Core
Modules and Custom Modules. These are described in more detail below.

Core Modules
Karma will provide a number of fundamental Modules (as presented within the “Key
Features & Capabilities” section) which will provide the Karma Community Network
software platform with the core features required by most organizations.
Core Modules are provided, maintained and updated by Karma. They are automatically
included and enabled for each member organization (i.e., each Karma Instance).
One illustrative example of a Core Module is the Membership Module. Some illustrative
functions and subobjects contained in this Module combination are:
Defining the Member object, which represents any kind of human, user, member
or impersonating application which interacts with Karma in this manner,
Member Authentication (Login, Password Recovery, 2 Factor Authentication), and
Login Control Flow (oAuth2 for custom Mobile Apps or 3rd party authentications).

Custom Modules
Custom Modules deliver useful functionality beyond what is offered by the Core Modules.
They are developed by either the Karma Community Network team or outside Developers
Community and then submitted to the Marketplace for review, feedback and approval
by Karma. Each Karma Instance can select which Custom Modules to install into its
organization. Organizations can also request Custom Module development as well as
funding for it through the Karma Community Grant.

24

This model will allow skilled teams and developers to create and be rewarded by
organizations running the platform for their ongoing efforts, creating a self-regulated
eco-system where sustainable organizations can be formed.
Instances have the ability to create and deploy Modules suited for their own business
needs without Marketplace acceptance consensus (only within their own Communities).

KARMA
MARKETPLACE

The Marketplace includes the functionality which rewards Community
Developers with KIT when their Custom Modules are purchased and/
or utilized. This will produce a positive dynamic which will drive
innovation on Karma.
The Marketplace, with its selection of Custom Modules, will be one of the most
effective methods to increase the value added to Karma through Community
Developers. Instances of these Custom Modules will be fully capable of consuming KIT
based on their own unique requirements, individually maintaining metrics on a per
Module instance basis.
We will allow all Community Developers to create highly specific, self-contained
processing Modules. These can take one or multiple roles for the benefit of all of our
Communities, across very diverse industries.

Module Admission
The Token Holder Community will be responsible for accepting any new or updated
Modules within its network, based on the Consensus mechanism enforce by the DAO.
Quality, performance and reliability guidelines will be enforced for any new admission,
to ensure the Marketplace is only composed of excellent modules.

Module Management
Community Developers will have the ability to define exactly how their KIT-based
pricing works. This promotes a healthy, self-regulated application eco-system where
high-quality modules will be able to build a sustainable business model.
Acquisition Costs will be subsidized, using Consensus, from the initial TGE allocation
for Research & Development, providing most of our capabilities at no cost for
Communities.
Example:
Alice creates a Community Developer Module that offers newsletter capabilities
Alice applies for Marketplace approval and sets her acquisition costs as 2000 KIT
The new module is tested and vetted by our automated systems
The module is validated by a manual review team
Once approved using consensus, her module is available for any community
to install

25

Communities acquiring the module can benefit from subsidized acquisition costs
during the first development stages of the platform
Alice receives 2000 KIT per installation.

KARMA'S
LONG TERM
GOALS

Given the era of decentralization, Karma’s mission is to provide the Karma Community
Network Software Platform and Karma International Token (KIT) to bridge the gap and
empower membership based communities around the world.

We believe that within the next three years, Blockchain networks
and/or its underlying foundations will be scaled and improved to
such a degree as to allow complete computation in a fully distributed
manner.
Our development allocation of 202,291,654 KIT, combined with 50% of the capital raised
in our TGE, will become the Research & Development budget. This expected total R&D
budget will be divided into thirds (one portion per each of the expected three years).
Meaning, in addition to the tokens used for incentivizing the developer community,
approximately $275,000US per month will be spent on Development, Community
Support, Infrastructure, and Research and related Services.

Public Pre-sale

26

KIT Release
(Sale Ends)

Token Release

Karma Software
Release (limited)

Karma Software
Market Place Launch

DATE

TARGET

OBJECTIVES

Q4 2018

Graduate Karma
Capabilities

Complete all beta and alpha grade features within the test
network. KIT Holders can manage their wallets and exchange
items within the network.

Q2 2019

Open Karma for
Public Use

Anyone owning KIT tokens can now create new Communities
and activate Core Modules.

Q2 2019

Karma
Marketplace

Open up Marketplace for Community Developers to create,
integrate and sustain added-value business services for
Karma Instances

In the future

KIT Blockchain
Transitioning

Transition our current Ethereum-based KIT from the
public Blockchain to a custom-built, specifically-purposed
Blockchain for all KIT transactions.

In the future

Processing
Blockchain
Transitioning
ALPHA

We can begin rolling out our complimentary, alpha-grade
Processing Blockchain which will serve certain types of
Modules from a purpose-built processing cluster. We will also
transition object storage to a decentralized ledger, such as
FileCoin.

In the future

Processing
Blockchain
Transitioning
BETA

New/Updated Modules will now be required to operate
completely on the “Processing Blockchain” and existing
services will be transitioned/emulated on relevant
technologies.

In the future

Distributed
An important step in placing all of our technology in a
Request Handler decentralized stack is to have a completely autonomous
request handler, which can coordinate the processing stacks.

In the future

Completely
Decentralized
BETA

The majority of our financial (KIT) and processing capabilities
will go through a series of non-centralized systems built on
top of distributed networks.

In the future

Completely
Decentralized
(on-going)

At this point we will be aiming to operate all of our systems
on top of a Blockchain-based solution. The timeline depends
upon the advances of the industry and user adoption of certain
replacement protocols (such as DNS).

The Karma International project plans to attract investments via the Initial Coin
Offering (ICO) method, by issuing 1,250,000,000 KIT, ERC223 tokens. We intend to
issue 42.2% of the tokens as part of the token sale. The rest will be held back in
order to facilitate the growth of the community. The token will be issued with a smart
contract written in the Solidity language. The principle of open and transparent funds
distribution will be observed. All transactions will be shown in the smart contract.

TOKEN SALE
Both Karma and KIT are
designed to benefit from the
“network effect”
In other words, as more
organizations, users, customers
and developers join Karma and
engage in KIT transactions, the utility
provided by both Karma and KIT to
those parties will commensurately
increase. Of course, a solid and
ever-improving technical basis is a
prerequisite for a sustained network
effect (the “Research & Development”
allocation). In addition, Karma will
proactively drive adoption of the
platform and KIT through community
building, education, marketing and
good governance.

Maximum target figures for attracted funds during the ICO is an amount equivalent
to $20 million. The tokens can be purchased with Bitcoin (BTC), BitcoinCash (BCC),
Litecoin (LTC), Ethereum (ETH). We will be issuing 1,250,000,000 KIT tokens at a
starting price of $0.0706 USD per token. The token sale will offer incrementally
decreasing discounts on the price of the token over stages as outlined in the diagram.
The token purchases will be made using BTC, ETH and EOS. All other Altcoins will be
converted into BTC through Changelly or similar.

1,250,000,000 0.070588234
BEGINNING TOKENS

STAGE

PERIOD

TOKENS

BONUS

1

pre-TGE

70,833,335

2

Until Sold

3

Until Sold

SALE PRICE / TOKEN

TOTAL

REMAINING

REMAINING %

100%

141,666,670

1,108,333,330

88.6%

141,666,670

85%

262,083,340

846,249,991

67.7%

70,833,335

75%

123,958,336

722,291,654

57.8%

TOTAL TOKENS SOLD:

527,708,346

Depending on the amount of attracted funds, the KIT tokens will be
distributed as follows:

4.00% Ecosystem health
12.00% Adoption Accelerator
50% voted by Consensus /
50% voted by team

42.22% Token Generation Event
See table with bonus timeline

27
25.60% Team
Over 3 year period
with restrictions (TBD)

16.18% Technology development community
Over 3 year period

$20,000,000
HARD CAP

18%
($3,500,000)
Marketing & PR

TGE PROCEEDS
ALLOCATIONS
33%
($ 6,500,000)
Corporate Operations,
Legal & Expansion

USE OF FUNDS
DETAIL

TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT

$10,000,000

TECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUCTURE, BANDWIDTH &
SECURITY FOR 3 YEARS

$1,500,000

DEVELOPERS & PROGRAMMING, INFRASTRUCTURE
FOR 3 YEARS

$7,500,000

MISCELLANEOUS FOR 3 YEARS

$1,000,000

CORPORATE OPERATIONS & EXPANSION

28

50%
($10,000,000)
Technology Development - Ongoing

$ 6,500,000

EXECUTIVES / MANAGERS / STAFF SALARIES
FOR 3 YEARS

$2,500,000

USA MAIN OFFICE, REGIONAL OFFICE
& GA EXPENSES FOR 3 YEARS

$1,500,000

DEVELOPERS & PROGRAMMING,
INFRASTRUCTURE FOR 3 YEARS

$1,250,000

LEGAL, INSURANCE, & MISCELLANEOUS
FOR 3 YEARS

$1,250,000

MARKETING & PR

$3,500,000

MEDIA MARKETING, ADVERTISING, GRAPHIC DESIGN

$2,500,000

PUBLIC RELATIONS

$1,000,000

Note: Additionally, corporate token sale proceeds, revenues from service developments, and revenue from
transaction fees will also be used to compliment and increase budgets as needed.

ROADMAP

Q1

2018

Public Pre-sale

The Karma token public presale will begin during the first quarter of 2018 and we will
release the KIT token at the conclusion of the sale. Between the end of the token sale
and the official public release of the Karma Community Network, the token will have
limited utility within the network, including wallet management and trading within the
network. By the end of the year we intend to open the marketplace function which will
allow members of the network to direct new development and lead innovation.

Q3
2018

Q3
2018

KIT Release
(Sale Ends)

Q4
2018

Q2
2019

Karma Software
Release
(Limited)
Token Release

29

Functional Network
(Limited)

Karma Software
Market Place Launch

KarmaGlobal.tech

