KUBO BLACK PAPER
V.1

KUBO
COIN

2

Introduction
Ever since Satoshi Nakamoto unveiled the first feasible blockchain-based
payments system to the world in 2008, one eschewing trust in and reliance on
centralized entities, the world has not been the same. Perhaps more significant
than Bitcoin itself is the underlying technology which supports it. Until
Nakamoto’s intervention, the Byzantine General’s Problem, the key challenge
that described the difficulty in getting network participants to trust each other
without relying on a central authority, had remained a painful obstacle in
developing trustless networks where power was distributed evenly.
Block chain technology’s capacity to enable systems that serve not only the
function of money, but reputation, prediction markets, effective machine-tomachine communication, and so much more, has birthed an entire new industry
which is set to revolutionize modern economies, workplaces and even social
relationships. China, a leading investor in the technology, is considering
applying the technology towards citizen data. Malta, commonly called the ‘Block
chain Island’ for its welcoming attitude towards the technology, is seeing
innovators flock to it. US, considered by some to be lagging, is accelerating the
creation of a regulatory framework and steadily encouraging institutional
investment.
Despite the potential of the technology becoming ever clearer with every
passing day, the opposition is stiff - most vocally from established financial
institutions who have denounced it as a tool for criminals and the black market,
or as a passing fad that is likely to end in disaster for the many investors who
have put their money into it.
However, things are turning around for the cryptocurrency market. The once
ridiculed and criticized technology has now been adopted by the naysayers, and
the prospects of the technology in lifting impoverished social classes to a higher
status and saving the global economy trillions of dollars has become the goal of
several projects and teams on almost every continent.
The Kubo project has been undertaken with the intention of bringing block
chain’s inherent benefits to the retail market and micro-payment arena, serving
as a bridge between the vendors who are looking to emerging technologies to

www.kubocoin.org

3

boost their growth in client base and sales and the yet inaccessible method of
integrating block chain into existing business services.
The team is highly aware that small and medium enterprises, apart from the
billions of poor unable to access global financial markets, are those that stand to
gain the most from decentralized technologies. In this black paper, we cover the
issues that existing payment systems suffer from, and how decentralized
mechanisms can improve upon in almost every which way. We also detail the
Kubo platforms, its services, and how it plans to create a convenient and
effective ecosystem for retailers and vendors alike.
The Cryptocurrency Market is on the Cusp of a Revolutionary Growth
If 2017 is taken as to the year when cryptocurrencies - chiefly Bitcoin - became
a household name, then 2018 ought to be known as the year of the bear market
and institutional investment. One might think that the market has been suffering
from a painful period, though in reality the future remains brighter than ever.
What has changed? Upon closer inspection, not much. There is some truth to
the idea that the market resembles the dot-com bubble of 2000, insofar as that it
has been primarily by word of mouth and hysteria that the market has grown to
highs of $20,000 a Bitcoin. But it is not the price of Bitcoin that matters, and it is
not the price that will determine the survival of the market. No, what has
changed is that the technology has convinced the wider market and established
financial institutions that it can indeed greatly upgrade legacy systems and
usher in a new age for the economy on a global stage.
This, along with the rapid improvements in such technical features such as
scalability and security, has bolstered confidence in the market and
consequently drawn in names like Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan. 2018 has
seen over billion’s dollars of institutional investment flood into the market
through the OTC markets and the rise of high-quality crypto projects in the
digital asset ecosystem that comprises the crypto market. This development
supports the long-held belief that the cryptocurrency will go mainstream before
2025 and revolutionize the way the daily end user pays for goods and services.

www.kubocoin.org

4

The influx of institutional funds is only one factor in the argument that the market
is at a turning point. Perhaps even more sound is the rapid research and
development put into the technology by existing corporate giants, like Microsoft,
IBM, Amazon, Alibaba and countless others. The point here is clear: these
companies do not want to lose any ground in the market, and the thought that
fading companies, like Walmart (which has struggled against Amazon, can
regain some market share by integrating block chain’s strengths into their
respective businesses.) Square recently announced their plans to adopt and
support the use of the lighting network on their highly used mobile fiat payment
platform Cash App.
Block chain then has become a matter of survival more than embellishment, a
necessary mutation required in the survival of the fittest that is the modern
capitalist economy. The only question that remains is one of regulation, but even
that seems to be growing more lenient, as indicated by the approval of
institutional funds and removal of national crypto bans in nations such as India.
Setting aside the moodiness of investors in the market and the unimportant
feature that is token value versus the USD dollar, the road forward is beginning
to make itself clear: block chain is a technology that is slowly being integrated
into numerous industry verticals. It has been accepted as a legitimate financial
instrument and appears to be divesting itself of a reputation of easy money and
loose applications.
The Limitations of Payment Processing Systems and the Opportunities of
Cryptocurrency
Current global transaction systems have done well to serve our needs. In a few
short decades, we have gone from relying on predominantly paper-based
records that would take many weeks to perform international transactions (if at
all) to completely electronic transactions that take a few weeks at maximum.
However, it is still not perfect, and does bring with it several problems that are
endemic to a system that depends on centralized authorities. The fees
associated with making these transactions are high and the transactions
themselves are delayed more often than one would like.

www.kubocoin.org

5

Worst of all, however, is the abundance of fraud and general lack of security.
Fraudulent debit and credit card transactions is increasing and could hit a
whopping $20 billion by 2020. Not only does this remove a major pain point of
customers, but it also saves financial institutions enormous sums in legal and
restitution costs.
It is true that cryptocurrency transactions cannot currently match the rate of
Visa, but it is not far-fetched to think that it will soon be able to do so. Scalability
solutions, like that of the Plasma Network and Bitcoin’s Lightning Network, are
already well underway in terms of development and have been tested to perform
as expected.
Block chain technology and decentralized currencies, or digital assets, has the
chance to push economies, especially developing economies into a new era of
unprecedented prosperity and fluid interactions in p2p, p2b, and b2b. The
opportunity to exist alongside, if not entirely replace, traditional financial systems
is one that results in benefits for all parties and is ripe for the taking in a market
that is about to explode into the mainstream.
History of Kubo
Kubo began as a call to action by CEO Fernando Sibilio when he saw the
mistreatment of the failed wave project KUBOS. The Kubos community was in
disarray due to the original project leader and dev team abandoning the project
and dumping large quantities of pre-mined tokens on the open markets in the
process. This caused for a tanking of the project’s valuation and loss of
community trust for the foreseeable future. Months leading into the community
takeover that would result in the creation of Kubo Coin, the Kubo team surveyed
and gathered feedback from various crypto projects and community members to
craft the best methods to implement various use cases and build a transparent
and fundamentally sound project. Thus on Oct.1,2018, the Kubo Coin project
was started to make a difference and set a standard with various use cases and
a promise to keep the original community from Kubos and all new
investors/supporters that the project will recruit at the forefront of all
developments and adoptions within the digital asset ecosystem.

www.kubocoin.org

6

Kubo Core Values
Integrity
Our actions tell the world what Kubo is and what we stand for. We act ethically
and responsibly in everything we do and hold ourselves accountable for our
actions. We bring respect and honesty to our investors and our business
partners and we always strive to support the security and well-being of the entire
Kubo community. We treat all those we encounter with kindness and
compassion and constantly strive to better understand and respond to the needs
of our diverse community.
Transparency
The Kubo team has been and will continue to be completely open and honest
with our community. The team’s wallet information and the purpose for the funds
that they hold is publicly shared with the community. Our team is always happy
to answer questions about the plans and progression of the Kubo project as well
as inquiries about the team that is working so hard to make Kubo one of the
most prominent and prestigious successes that cryptocurrency investors have
seen thus far.
Excellence
When it comes to Kubo, only the best will do. As a team, we are working to
create and engage in meaningful alliances to enhance access to services and
technology that will assist in the development of new pathways to help pave the
way for global adoption of digital currencies. The Kubo team works cohesively
with each other to bring experience, knowledge, and advancing technology to
the forefront to provide our community with the highest quality project and
product possible. We devote ourselves to continuous improvement, excellence,
professionalism and innovation in our work.
Kubo Wants to Fill in the Gaps
Kubo Coin’s primary focus will be on building an ecosystem for retailers and
vendors, with the goal of giving them a seamless, instantaneous and
inexpensive payment alternative to fiat transactions. A secondary focus on
being a native currency for two exchanges owned and operated by the Kubo
www.kubocoin.org

7

team to allow for quicker paths of liquidity and increase the number of potential
clients for the vendor ecosystem as the exchanges develop and attract traders.
And lastly a tertiary focus being a native currency on a peer to peer escrow
platform due to Kubo Coin’s takeover of the Epic Coin project and Epic Trader
Platform will allow the unrestricted transfer of funds and payments over a secure
private channel similar to fiat based escrow but over the block chain of EPIC
coin.
To begin with, the ecosystem will be developed for the Asian and African
markets, with the US and European markets soon to follow. Asia stands as a
lucrative market for cryptocurrency-based transactions, as the region has an
abundance of individuals who lack the basic documentation to possess a bank
account and, as a result, cannot participate in global financial trade and
markets. The region’s economies consist of a lot of small and medium
businesses operating on cash transactions and, to a certain extent, e-wallets which invariably leads to a large amount of funds being locked up in these
wallets and detracting from liquidity. Cryptocurrency payments avoid this
problem while still providing a secure and easy means to transfer funds from
clients and revenue for the business owners. This also applies to many
developing nations in the African continent where 71% of the adult population
lack or have a highly limited access to a bank account. And those that do have
the luxury of a banking institution pay high fees and lack proper insurance to
secure their fiat deposits and withdraws. Kubo stands to empower and grant a
means of payment, transfer, trading, and ease of access to a robust vendor
ecosystem that covers the globe.
Kubo’s Solutions
Several use cases have been envisioned for the Kubo project. The following is
only the beginning of Kubocoin’s grand vision to create a new method of
interaction in the retail market and the digital asset ecosystem as a whole:
A Payments Processing System Powered by the Ethereum Platform
Kubo’s payments system will be powered by the Ethereum network. The latter, a
popular choice for those wishing to launch their own ICOs and have their tokens
listed, will allow an effortless transfer of crypto funds, and permit exchange for
other cryptos and even fiat currency thanks to third party service providers such
www.kubocoin.org

8

as MetaMask and my Ether Delta. KuboCoin, the product, is viewed by the team
as an alternative to traditional payments systems. The comparatively lower fees
for sending tokens across the Ethereum block chain essentially function as a
discount for vendors and merchants, who stand to profit more due to the cut in
merchant fees paid to credit card companies such as VISA or MasterCard. This
allows for vendors and merchants to give cheaper retail prices on items and
services that otherwise would be more expensive to cover fees and costs while
also trying to gain a net profit.
Vendor Ecosystem
All cryptocurrencies thrive on its ecosystem. Without its users and stakeholders,
the token is effectively dead. Think of the many hundreds of tokens that have
become nonexistent since the market began in the early 2010s. Kubo will focus
on developing a strong ecosystem of retailers and vendors who can support
each other in what will be basically a digital marketplace where the two entities
can form relationships with each other and discover new business opportunities.
To maximize the reach and effect of this ecosystem, the KuboCoin project
partnered with the block chain solution company Aeryus that will be providing
Kubo the software and hardware to on ramp merchants across all physical
locations and online commerce while providing an easy to set up and run point
of sale system similar to Square. Kubo will also boast the added bonus of digital
mobile wallets that substituted not only as typical debit cards but as a payment
pathway for Kubo investors through the Aeryus One App and Kubo’s mobile
exchange App (TCX Hub Mobile).
Merchants can set and run a business and enjoy the low fees (1.75% compare
to 3-7%) associated with using Kubo as their primary payment option on the
Aeryus chain payment platform while also still being able to operate with fiat.
This freedom gives Kubo and its partner Aeryus an advantage over similar
projects in the crypto space alongside the bonus that Kubo can provide
exchange and escrow services to any vendor and its clients without leaving the
Kubo ecosystem. Thus, creating a “turn key” package for Kubo to offer and
convince vendors to stay and grow within the Kubo vendor ecosystem.

www.kubocoin.org

9

Debit Cards and ATM Network Integration
One challenge in the industry is the active use of cryptocurrency which remains
in the reach of only the tech-savvy and early adopters of various crypto projects
in the space. This demographic roughly constitutes to 50 million potential users
that are spread across the 4,000 crypto projects in the space. Thus, Crypto debit
cards provide the pre-existing investors a new format to use their digital assets
in the same fashion as they use fiat-based bank cards and debit cards. This also
allows for retail investors that will enter into the cryptocurrency markets and its
developing platforms with little background experience and knowledge to have a
familiar payment method with crypto debt cards that would also double as a
secure and safe digital asset wallet.
To that end, Kubo is also making ATM integration a priority in tandem with
crypto debit cards for a crypto transaction experience that matches the current
set up with debit cards and traditional ATMs globally. Coupled with a mobile app
on both the iOS and Android Operating Systems, this can make the use of
crypto in day to day life a realistic possibility thanks to the growing crypto
adoption and options made available to investors and consumers. The Kubo
Team will move to integrate with industry leader General Bytes to fulfill the ATM
need to compliment the crypto debit cards Kubo seeks to provide. Currently,
General Bytes has over 2200 ATM machines globally,123 Fiat pairs, 43 crypto
projects, and have handled over 12M transactions since its inception. These key
features would provide the Kubo project all the ATM needs and proven system
hardware to handle the current and potential consumer demand in and out of
the crypto ecosystem.
Kubo The Exchange Token
Listings for the new exchange TCX Hub and ELO Exchange will be available to
be purchased in either BTC or Kubo and both exchanges will be low listing fee
exchanges. This is to set a new trend against the current high listing prices on
Top 100 exchanges that create a high barrier of entry and cripple the growth of
many projects in the market. Kubo tokens used to pay for listings instead of
BTC, will be burned from circulation and serve as a burning protocol for Kubo as
requested by the community. This will introduce a new deflationary policy and
over time will help in decreasing the overall supply of Kubo without forcing a

www.kubocoin.org

10

mandatory burn event or causing a panic on the side of the community of
investors. As continual development on Kubo’s various use cases occurs and
increasing demand for the token by existing and new investors pours in, the
ideal result is an increase in overall market price and market cap valuation
gradually over the life of the project. Currently, the available markets for trading
on TCX Hub are BTC, ETH, LTC, KUBO, and a true USD fiat market that is
restricted to US residents that have passed the KYC verification process. Similar
markets will be made available for ELO when it goes live in 2019 with a focus on
the Asian markets. In the future, a DOGE market will be implemented to
increase the listing options for all projects that pay to get listed on the exchange.
This will increase the number of potential investors that will see Kubo over time
but also allow for numerous partnership opportunities for the Kubo Team and
Project in the crypto space with various projects and block chain companies.
With every new community and partnership, the reputation of both exchanges
and Kubo will increase and thus open more opportunities for Kubo to be used as
designed. All the while, the total transactions on the Kubo network will stand as
another indicator for future investors to see a growing and strong ecosystem on
various platforms.
Listing Fees for Exchanges:
Kubo Payment Option
100M Kubo Per market (BTC/ETH/KUBO/LTC/DOGE)
300M Kubo For True Fiat (USD)***
25M Kubo Per Wallet Update***
50M Kubo Per Fork/Algo swap***
BTC Payment Option
.25 BTC Per Market Per Market (BTC/ETH/KUBO/LTC/DOGE)
*** Only Kubo can be used to acquire any fiat pairing currently listed or will be
listed in the future of TCX Hub and ELO Exchange. Also, all updates and forks
for projects listed will need to pay for changes in Kubo tokens. These tokens will

www.kubocoin.org

11

also be burn in the same fashion listings fees are burn when paid for in Kubo.
EPIC Trader Platform
Conventional exchanges like Coinbase, Bittrex, Gemini, etc., require you to put
your trust in a centralized exchange, who hold your funds and private keys. If
they were to become victim of a hack, and unless they have a way to cover
those losses, you would lose your digital assets and essentially lose your
money. They have ridiculous fees for their services and often take a ridiculous
amount of time to fund your account. With the volatility of cryptocurrency,
missing an opportunity to purchase a crypto asset by minutes, hours, or days
can possibly cause you to miss out on potential profits. However, dealing on the
peer to peer level isn’t like that. Peer to peer is trading directly with another
human being, meaning you cut out the middleman and secure the best deal
possible directly with the person you are transacting with. Our main goal at Epic
is to establish an international peer to peer network, where users interact
directly with other users and utilize Epic as a safeguard. Currently the platform
supports 6 payment method options available:
1) PayPal 2) Paytm 3) Alipay 4) WeChat Pay 5) Western Union 6) Bank
Transfers.
When a user creates an ad for selling his or her cryptocurrency, they we will be
able to select as many payment options as they would like to receive payment.
When buyers select an ad, the seller’s payment information will be displayed
allowing the buyer to send the fiat funds directly to the seller. This enables faster
payment times as the fiat payments do not have to go through our platform first.
After payment is sent, the buyer will notify the sellers by selecting a “I have sent
payment” button within the trade transaction. The seller will get an email or text
notification saying payment has been sent for that particular ad. Once the seller
confirms payment has been received, he will release the cryptocurrency to the
buyer by selecting the “I have received payment” button within the trade
transaction. If for any reason the seller refuses to release the cryptocurrency, or
if he claims to not have received payment, the buyer has the power to supply
payment proof to our support team. It must include a timestamp, payment
amount, and must match the account information provided by the seller. Since
the cryptocurrency is locked for the duration of the trade, the support team at

www.kubocoin.org

12

Epic can verify the buyers support ticket and manually release the
cryptocurrency to the buyer.
How Does Kubo Stand Against Competitors?
Block chain as the underlying mechanism by which to validate payments is not a
new idea; after all, Bitcoin itself is the progenitor of all such projects. However,
Kubo differs from other projects in that it has a concentrated focus on the retail
market - something that has been reported to grow with a Compounded Annual
Growth Rate of 60% until 2023.
The use cases of a retail ecosystem, two native exchanges, ATM integration,
debit cards, point of sale system, mobile payment system and escrow platform
gives Kubo an edge over other projects that are simply working towards creating
a payment mechanism for consumers and vendors only. It is important to note
that all the use cases for Kubo to become not only a valid payment option but a
project and brand that can bring stakeholders together and create systems that
make the process approachable for all and competitive against the current
competition in emerging market.
Kubo, is set to push the use of crypto to potentially 7.1 billion people on the
planet, as opposed to the many projects that do not seem to be taking the path
to push mass adoption and make crypto use a reality in day to day life.
Kubo Token Metrics
The Kubo token economy functions on a finite supply of KuboCoin (KUBO), with
a larger maximum supply planned to facilitate token possession among a wider
group of stakeholders. This also offers some protection against price
manipulation and volatility on the trading markets.
Maximum supply: 100 Billion
Circulating supply: 73,999,776,599
Pre-Mine: 21,000,000,000
ERC-20 Token

www.kubocoin.org

13

MARKETING:
15% WALLET
CORE TEAM:
5% WALLET (6 MONTHS LOCKED) (October 1,2018-Apirl 1, 2019)
FOUNDER’S:
9% WALLET (6 MONTHS LOCKED) (October 1,2018-Apirl 1, 2019)
KUBO/AERYUS FOUNDATION:
1% WALLET (Unlocks April 21,2019)
COMMUNITY TOKEN SWAP:
70% of total supply owned by the community

Kubo Team and Project Wallet Addresses:
0x2eda8A83eB06283e844de9b4a81ea6fd6aFaFD37
0x35b1b0b02da43c0eb896cd9cabcd27559de4907a

www.kubocoin.org

14

0x0429874C060080b1A003dDAC4dF37383b03d8DCE
0x09d854ce6afe10db23fe47f4830f2ece36796327
0xF3C9d5c03B5bb7a411837e708f629A6Be2610069
0xe886091f96cec430301b8acbcba87b9f602b21e2
0x11373e616b6b0bC7f0C2b97d9991B4BBA1Fb3fd3
0xCCd6150781ca064D59a1A88C8e180623eEF97536
0xd7309B9956398daA7640ce5A10f5a35a8A9882Ed
0xa6c0ebab7ecba2bc9033d9de586ca200bd9be37c
0x972e4d515d16f93f60145a216b0569dc7980619b
0x53236fBF399039d54c21cB5614409511fbf8C1A3
0x7574EA23b9ee760FD234bd6dCa6b2ACdf42B2216
(Conrad Lovett, COO)
0x9bdC109A5E12DA8859b4f9cafe582fbeB6B88b09
(Daniel Vasquez, COO)
0xd99cf04F6fc45e8fEe81b6222892eAB2228256A2
(Founder’s Wallet, Fernando Sibilio)
0x3f8919e8f18e414f2fbff60b655d592eb887e3df
0xf08ab49289b985cc9b8aa8493dd2597a76f77803
(Core Wallet)
0x97a43833c1f0508b0dba749920181741D77a6767
(Marketing Wallet)

www.kubocoin.org

15

Social Media Links
KuboCoin WEBSITE - https://kubocoin.org
KuboCoin TELEGRAM - https://t.me/Kubo_coin
KuboCoin ANNOUNCEMENTS - https://t.me/KuboCoinAnnouncements
KuboCoin DISCORD - https://discord.gg/rGRWXJs
KuboCoin TWITTER - https://twitter.com/KuboCoin
KuboCoin INSTAGRAM- https://www.instagram.com/kubocoin/
KuboCoin YOUTUBE - https://bit.ly/2OrkUp2
KuboCoin Bitcointalk - https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=5039334.40
KuboCoin OFFICIAL PARTNERS
AERYUS WEBSITE - https://aeryus.com/
AERYUS TWITTER - https://twitter.com/Aeryus_one
AERYUS Bitcointalk - https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=5037184.0
PHOTON WEBSITE- https://twitter.com/PhotonCoins
PHOTON TWITTER- https://twitter.com/PhotonCoins
HOWDOO WEBSITE- https://howdoo.io
HOWDOO TWITTER- https://twitter.com/howdooHQ
VERISAFE WEBSITE- https://www.verisafe.io/
VERISAFE TWITTER- https://twitter.com/VeriSafeProject

www.kubocoin.org

16

www.kubocoin.org

