LEOcoin
White Paper
J U L Y

2 0 1 6

Foreword
Historically, digital currencies have been
the preserve of technologically minded
individuals with supercomputers. As the
founders of LEOcoin, we have an ambition
to bring digital currency to everyone.
We think digital currencies like LEOcoin
can do so much more than the sector has
managed to date. Finding a way of making
this sector appeal to local businesses and
people, includes removing the need to
understand the technical details of the
technology.
New and improved technology, combined
with more user friendly interfaces can
now make this possible. We have major
ambitions for this sector, as it has the
potential to fundamentally transform the
way business is done across the world.
We want LEOcoins accepted in local
corner shops - when that happens, digital
currencies will start to meet their potential.
At the heart of LEOcoin’s approach
is the desire to make a currency for
entrepreneurs, businesses of all shapes and
sizes, and the everyman.
This whitepaper sets out how LEOcoin
works, and our vision for the future of
digital currency.

Founders of LEOcoin

Our vision for the
future of digital
currency.

Contents
Introduction............................................................................................. 1
Consumer Advantages......................................................................... 4
Merchant Advantages.......................................................................... 6
The block chain....................................................................................... 7
Regulation................................................................................................. 8
The LEOcoin Foundation..................................................................... 9
Glossary...................................................................................................11

Introduction
Why digital currency?

LEOcoin was created in June 2014, and has
been backed by a dedicated digital currency
exchange (www.LEOxChange.com) since
April 2015. It is the first digital currency to be
launched in the UK that is designed for small
business owners; allowing individuals to make
fast, secure and cost effective transactions
through a decentralised peer-to-peer network.
The usability and accessibility of the currency
positions LEOcoin as a world currency and the
currency of choice for entrepreneurs.

Digital currencies leapt onto the scene in 2009
bringing a new dynamic to the speed, security
and privacy of financial transactions. The
fallout of the world banking crisis, combined
with concerns over the privacy and security
of money and new restrictive regulations, led
people to look for new and innovative ways to
transact.
Conventional banking works in such a way that
many third parties have sight of and access to
a person’s financial and personal information
throughout a transaction, which has associated
costs and privacy issues. With LEOcoin there
is not the multitude of third party transferring
agents who want their share of the action.
The cost of sending LEOcoin is practically zero
compared to the high costs associated with
credit card and payment processing agents
most businesses are used to.

The opportunity for digital currencies is
significant: the world’s largest ‘cryptocurrency,’
Bitcoin, has around 13.5m coins in circulation,
used by around 2.6m individuals in up to
100,000 transactions per day.
This paper sets out to introduce LEOcoin, the
underlying technology that supports it, and its
business support philosophy.
It explores the principles of digital currency
and the potential it offers to businesses and
consumers; including increased security,
privacy and flexibility.

The rate of inflation that can potentially
diminish the purchasing power of fiat – or
traditional - currencies (such as Sterling) does
not affect the value of a digital currency to
the same degree, as there is a fixed amount of
the currency produced over a fixed period of
time – and no governments or institutions to
manipulate the quantity or price.

From low transaction fees to instant trading,
we explain the advantages offered to both
consumers and business owners, as well as
the support network offered by LEO and the
LEOcoin Foundation. The LEOcoin Foundation
has been created as an open and participatory
standards body for the LEOcoin project. It
is a non-profit organisation that funds the
development of LEOcoin and the LEOcoin
infrastructure.

With LEOcoin, there
is not the multitude
of third party
transferring agents
who want their share
of the action.

1

LEOcoin

Who is Using LEOcoin?

Bitcoin was the trailblazer for digital currencies. It
has achieved a huge amount in a short time, but
has also opened up an opportunity to do things
in a very different way. Many experts believe that
the future’s leading digital currency will not be
Bitcoin. There have been many lessons learned
from the journey of Bitcoin - and LEOcoin has
implemented these lessons. The early days of
digital currency encountered many technical
problems due to the platforms being used; many
of these are still an issue. These include excessive
processing energy consumption, 51% attack,
and manipulation of the ASIC computer chip that
drives the technology.

LEOcoin has been designed to appeal to the
enterprise community: small businesses who
are penalised by transaction fees, domestic and
international.

The leading standard digital currency will be the
one that resolves these challenges and makes
it as user friendly as possible. This aim is at the
heart of LEOcoin’s creation.

Pervious digital currencies have started from
a zero-base, relying on word of mouth and
the technical knowhow of the ‘cryptocurrency’
community. LEOcoin is different. LEO Members
have been involved from the start of the
LEOcoin development process, and as such
they were a ready and waiting community of
merchants, consumers and traders when the
LEOxChange launched. This has added stability
to the exchange price as well as faster uptake
than previous coins.

There are already 33,000 Merchants offering
goods and services priced in LEOcoin and
206,000 LEO Members who hold LEOcoin.
This is where LEOcoin diverges from digital
currencies that have been seen to date.
Capitalising on LEO’s existing membership of
hundreds of thousands, LEOcoin offers instant
access to a mobilised user-base.

Initially LEOcoin used a hashing algorithm
(Scrypt-Jane) that gradually increases the
demand in RAM (a computer’s processing
power). This method is known as Proof of Work,
and in essence it meant the more powerful a
computer you had, the more digital currency you
could mine.

However, communicating the opportunity
presented by digital currencies is still in its
early stages. LEOxChange conducted a YouGov
survey in 2015 that found almost 50% of
small to medium sized enterprises who trade
internationally said transaction fees were a
key concern; and 43% who transacted using
debit or credit cards were also worried about
the associated costs. Yet 85% said they would
consider using a digital currency. LEOcoin
wants to capitalise on that mindset.

But not any longer. LEOcoin has now moved
to a Proof of Stake model which, rather than
rewarding LEOcoin investors for the power
their computer lends to the network, it instead
rewards LEOcoin users based on the number
of LEOcoin’s they currently hold and ‘stake.’
Essentially this means the more LEOcoin’s you
have, the more you will earn.
This method is far less demanding on computer
power and in practical terms that means the
consumer and small business owner does not
need to invest in an expensive and powerful
machine to mine LEOcoin. This makes LEOcoin
mining available to a wider mass market
audience.

2

How does it work?

The total number
of LEOcoin is finite.
There are only 1
billion LEOcoins in
the network that
will be mined over
the next 100 years.
This gives leverage,
robustness and longterm sustainability to
LEOcoin as a digital
currency.

A mathematical computer-based process
called mining generates LEOcoins. The mining
itself is a very complex mathematical problem,
which is solved by a computer executing
difficult number-crunching tasks.
The difficulty of the mining increases over
time making it harder to obtain the coins. This
acts as a deflationary brake on the currency,
therefore creating stability in the price.
This is the opposite of a conventional fiat
currency which decreases in value each time a
Government prints more.
LEOcoin was designed by experts using
the latest technology and techniques in
cryptocurrency and blockchain. LEOcoin is at
the cutting edge in digital currency, designed
for use by the world’s entrepreneurs as well as
private individuals.
The total number of LEOcoin is finite. There
are only 1 billion LEOcoins in the network
that will be mined over the next 100 years.
This gives leverage, robustness and long-term
sustainability to LEOcoin as a digital currency.
Furthermore, LEOcoin pre-mined 50 million
coins ahead of the exchange going live.
This was designed to nurture the early
development of the LEOcoin economy and add
stability.

3

Consumer Advantages
As discussed above, the major advantage
of LEOcoin is the existing user-base and
community that supports it. LEO members are
already trading amongst themselves using
the currency, creating a readymade economy.
Furthermore, the LEOcoin Foundation’s mission
is to educate the untapped audience of the
business community and drive uptake of
digital currency.

happen, it is very rare for a holder to be
rendered unable to access their coins, unless
illegal activity is proven to have taken place.
Secure - LEOcoin’s Proof of Stake (POS) model
reduces the risk of ‘Selfish Miner flaw’ and ‘51%
attacks’. Transactions in any digital currency
have to be approved and verified by the peerto-peer network. This community approval
means everyone has a stake in the currency,
so it is in the community’s interest to ensure
security.

Other benefits include:
Privacy - Payments with LEOcoin can be made
and finalised without any personal information
being tied to any transactions; and due to this
enhanced privacy of personal information,
there is greater protection against identity
theft. Due to the way the blockchain works,
the identity of the user is not important. This
means it is secure and kept hidden at all times
unless someone chooses to reveal it. Because
all the transactions and information are highly
encrypted, even extreme computational power
would require thousands of years to crack it.

Value - there are no 3rd party transferring
agents (like a bank) who want their share. The
cost of sending LEOcoin is practically zero
compared to the bank transfer costs most
people are used to.
As every coin is accounted for in your ledger,
merchants cannot charge extra hidden
fees without being noticed. They must
communicate fees to the consumer before
adding charges.

Transparency - Using the blockchain
technology, all finalised transactions are
available for everyone in the network to see,
however all personal information is hidden,
i.e. you can tell when a coin was spent, but
not by whom. While a public address may be
visible, personal information is not tied to it,
giving it the transparency of a public ledger
whilst at the same time maintaining personal
information security.

Accessibility – Digital currencies have the
potential to provide the unbanked with a lowcost financial refuge. Peer-to-peer transactions
and digital currency denominated banks
will allow the unbanked to have a safe, lowcost way to manage their wealth. In theory,
assuming the backing of a financial system,
digital currencies could ultimately help bring
many out of poverty by letting capital flow
more easily.

Control - Accounts that hold traditional
currency can be requisitioned or frozen
completely by a host of authorities, often
through no fault of the consumer. Since
digital currencies exist outside the traditional
regulatory frameworks that allow this to

4

Untapped Audience

International Trading

Businesses could potentially have access to
millions of customers who have ‘unbanked’
money; as these are people who do not use
banks or financial institutions to manage and
save their money – through digital currency
they would have a new option. Without access
to a bank, these people rely on cheque cashing
services and cash-only transactions to survive.
Aside from the danger of operating exclusively
in cash, cheque cashing services can charge
fees anywhere between 1.5 percent and 10
percent for each transaction. People who
do not use banks typically cannot afford to
open savings accounts or have a credit card.
According to the World Bank, 3/4‘s of the
world’s poor are unbanked. Even some who
can afford to open a bank account abstain
because of the associated costs.

Using credit cards or bank accounts for
international transactions can be problematic;
since they are linked to the legal tender of a
specific government, exchange rates, interest
rates, and country-to-country transaction
fees. This adds levels of bureaucracy that have
associated costs.
Trading across currency lines forces people
to pay taxes at both ends, as well as any
additional costs from using wire transfers or
services like Western Union and exchange
fees. Digital currency bypasses this confusion,
dismantling barriers between markets.
Digital currencies are not bound by the rules
or status of any one government's currency, so
international transactions tend to go a lot more
quickly and smoothly when they are used.
They bring competition to the remittance and
payment markets.

Access to low cost, secure tender, could allow
for the ‘unbanked community’ to constructively
participate in the economy again.

5

Merchant Advantages
Energy and cost efficient

Many of the features above apply to merchants
as well as consumers. Digital currency
transactions, such as LEOcoin, are not
reversible, do not carry personal information
and are secure, therefore merchants are better
protected from potential losses that occur
from fraud. Merchants are able to do business
where crime rates and fraud rates may be high
and credit or debit cards may not be accepted.

Proof of Stake (POS) requires much less energy
than other digital currencies in the longer run,
making LEOcoin attractive from a sustainability
perspective.
By design, it will take approximately 100
years to distribute all of the LEOcoins to the
community. Meanwhile owners of LEOcoin will
be rewarded with more coins on the basis of
their stake, as follows (correct at July 2016):

Digital currency makes transaction fraud
harder due to the public ledger (blockchain)
and the peer network encourages cooperation
against fraudsters.

1,000 LEOcoin
5,000 LEOcoin
50,000 LEOcoin

LEOcoin also benefits from having an existing
large membership base of over 206,000, (plus
33,000 merchants) who all receive promotional
material about LEOcoin’s marketplace, which is
in effect additional free advertising.

10% each year
15% each year
20% each year

This allows LEOcoin to have a very low
inflation rate that no bank can change. The
Proof of Stake basis, offers a significant reward
encouraging people to hold LEOcoin and
benefit from these rewards. Additionally, Proof
of Stake, truly democratises the way that new
LEOcoin are spread among users.

The merchant programme means LEOcoin can
reach out to more people through training, in
turn making them ambassadors of LEOcoin
– this will perpetuate the LEOcoin user
community and strengthen it.

As part of our ambition to be a coin for
everyone, we were keen to have a coin that did
not rely on excessive technical knowledge or
require significant financial investment in GPUs
and mining rigs. Instead, a simple desktop
wallet is all that is needed to fully benefit from
the rewards offered by Proof of Stake

6

The block chain
The blockchain

Pay Per Last N Shares (PPLNS) - Block
rewards are distributed among the last shares,
disregarding round boundaries. Essentially
this means the ‘miner’ is rewarded for solving a
block of code.

The ‘blockchain’ is the name for the system
that governs transaction administration in
digital currency. The transactions in the system
are recorded in a public ledger, processed
by decentralised computers in an operation
referred to as mining. It uses its own unit of
account, in this case LEOcoin.

In the accurate implementation, the number of
shares is determined so that their total will be
a specified quantity of score (where the score
of a share is the inverse of the difficulty). Most
pools use an implementation based on a fixed
number of shares or a fixed multiple of the
difficulty.

LEOcoin has no central repository and no
single administrator; the US Treasury refers to
digital currencies like LEOcoin as ‘decentralised
virtual currency.’

Orphan block - Coins generated by a block will
not be available to you right away. They will
take some time to be confirmed by the entire
network before you are allowed to transfer
them out of the pool. This is to minimise the
risk of fraudulent activity and ‘double-spending’
of coins.

Once you start mining, the pool uses the
following payout systems.
A Share - Finding blocks is not an easy task.
Since it would take a long time on some coins,
finding a block is broken down into shares.
Depending on the server side setting, each
share can be a certain difficulty. The more
difficult each share is to find by miners, the
fewer total shares are required to eventually
find a block.

Usually coins have a confirmation set to 120.
What that actually means is that the network
(not the pool) has to discover 120 additional
blocks on top of the one found by the pool to
confirm it.

Simplistically, this could be compared to
premium bonds. The more you buy, the better
chances you have to win the award. With
LEOcoin you can participate in this process by
keeping your wallet open and using your stake.

Estimated payout - this is your estimated
payout if a block is found at that time. This is an
estimate according to your amount of shares
submitted for the round(s).

Stratum, a protocol used by a miner to request
work from a server, is used for share submission
and getting new work. On the server side, each
share is checked against the coin daemon
(a server side wallet with more features) if it
is indeed a valid block solution. Every share
computed has the potential to be a block
solution.

7

Regulation
Currently there are few regulations imposed
on digital currencies, other than standard
money laundering regulations. Because of
their international trading potential, and the
anonymity of the currencies, regulations would
be difficult to impose without altering some of
the fundamental benefits of them.
However, not all regulation is bad, and LEOcoin
supports the development of steps that can
be taken to create more confidence within
the mainstream population without severely
hampering innovation or the privacy of
users. In fact, LEOcoin has made a number of
approaches to the UK Treasury and regulators
in the USA, regarding the shaping of their own
plans for regulation.
If a government were to intervene in a heavy
handed fashion then digital currency would
lose its core benefits of privacy, security, low to
no fees, and free marketability. Over-regulation
would obviously make it no different from
current currencies. This could in fact dissolve
the benefits of digital currency.
Outlawing digital currencies would simply
restrict legitimate business and drive the
criminals further underground, depriving the
private sector of the significant benefits of
digital currencies. However, with government
approval, or at least acquiescence, legal
businesses and users can take advantage of
the potential speed, low costs, flexibility, and
privacy offered by digital currency.
Over-regulation could simply drive the
creation of another black market, while
denying the substantial benefits of legitimate
digital currencies to the law-abiding citizen
everywhere.

8

The LEOcoin Foundation

The Government Are Banking on Digital

The LEOcoin Foundation has been created as
an open and participatory standards body for
the LEOcoin core project.

There is much evidence that public and
regulatory bodies are coming round to the
view that digital currencies are the way
forward.

It is a non-profit organisation that funds the
development of LEOcoin and the LEOcoin
infrastructure, creating new avenues for people
to participate in the LEOcoin project.

In 2016, Circle, a pay-app, was granted an
e-money issuer licence by the UK Financial
Conduct Authority (FCA), despite the fact that
the UK Treasury had yet to decide on its stance
on regulation of the digital currency market.
They were supposed to have done that by the
end of 2015.

It undertakes research, provides education and
acts as an enabler for public participation. It
fosters efficient cooperation between private
and corporate stakeholders, governmental
and non-governmental organisations and
commercial and non-commercial entities.

Why does this matter? It matters because this
is the start of the process of normalizing a
technology that until recently was seen as the
‘reserve of cyber criminals’. In essence the FCA
have just given the green light to the sort of
technological step that not long ago was seen
as pure science fiction.

Cryptography and the power of online
networks have made possible the existence of
decentralised, purely digital currencies, and by
promoting the use of such digital currencies
the LEOcoin Foundation will support
improvements to existing monetary systems.

Circle started out in 2013 as a bitcoin ‘wallet’
and has since expanded into broader currency
payments. It uses blockchain technology
to make international payments from one
currency to another, transferring into bitcoin
en route, then turning back into fiat currency at
the other end. This means they make it possible
to transfer British Pounds to Russian Rubles
via a momentary conversion to bitcoin. The
important point is that this payment avoided
the government regulation and international
currency bureaucracy that governs the fiat
currencies.

Through participating in the wider digital
currencies ecology, the LEOcoin Foundation
aspires to be thought leaders and a respected
contributor to the development of this nascent
technology.
Through economic support the LEOcoin
Foundation will aid worthy contributors
irrespective of currency affiliation.
Through robust engagement with official
bodies the LEOcoin Foundation will become
an established supporter and contributor of
public dialogue, seeking to inspire, educate
and engage both the public and regulatory
bodies.

9

Now Circle are taking the same instant service
that we have come to expect from Facebook
messenger and WhatsApp and applied it to
cash payments. The concept of being able to
text your friend money securely was fanciful
not long ago; and doing it with a license from
Government would have been unthinkable.
But that’s the world we’re now starting to
live in.

Perhaps then that’s why it should be no
surprise that, in 2015, nine of the world’s
biggest banks joined forces to create a
framework for using blockchain. This group of
banks, including Goldman Sachs and Barclays,
have come together with New York-based
financial tech firm R3 in the hope of utilising
the technology to strip out processing costs
and save money.

What makes this development all the more
interesting is that it’s not just some young
entrepreneurial upstarts taking it to market, it’s
actually backed by one of the world’s largest
banks, Barclays.

Governments are looking at ways they can
utilise it too - the cynically minded might say
that banks and governments are doing this to
gain some control of the technology.
So the future looks bright for those who view
digital currencies as the new transmitter of
value; as the way to mobilise an economy
without interference from middlemen who
add no value; and without the heavy burden
of irrelevant legislation.

Barclays’ involvement is intriguing because, not
least of all, blockchain technology has been
regularly cited as one of the biggest threats
to the financial status quo. The reason why
blockchain could be a threat is because, used
properly, it takes out the middleman; and what
are banks if not middlemen.
Blockchain technology itself is nothing new, it’s
just an encrypted database that’s distributed
across a computer network. What makes it
possibly revolutionary is that it can only be
updated when everyone on that network
agrees and once entered, the information can’t
be overwritten. That’s why people are looking
at it for purposes such as electronic voting and
healthcare records. The collective responsibility
and encryption makes it incredibly secure and
reliable.
Banks have dined out for centuries on being
that reliable secure connection for our money;
take that away from them and make it an
instant automated process and, at least in
theory, you’re taking away their reason to exist.

10

Glossary
ASIC (Application-Specific Integrated Circuit)
An ASIC is a microchip designed for a special
application, such as a particular kind of
transmission protocol or a hand-held computer.
You might contrast it with general integrated
circuits, such as the microprocessor and the
random access memory chips in your PC.
ASICs are used in a wide-range of applications,
including auto emission control, environmental
monitoring, and personal digital assistants
(PDAs).

Fiat Currency
Currency that a government has declared to
be legal tender, but is not backed by a physical
commodity. The value of fiat money is derived
from the relationship between supply and
demand rather than the value of the material
that the money is made of. Historically, most
currencies were based on physical commodities
such as gold or silver, but fiat money is based
solely on faith. Fiat is the Latin word for
"it shall be".

An ASIC can be pre-manufactured for a special
application or it can be custom manufactured
(typically using components from a "building
block" library of components) for a particular
customer application.

GPU (Graphics Processing Unit)
A silicon chip specifically designed for the
complex mathematical calculations needed
to render millions of polygons in modern
computer game graphics. They are also well
suited to the cryptographic calculations needed
in cryptocurrency mining.

Block Reward
The reward given to a miner which has
successfully hashed a transaction block.

Hash
A hash algorithm turns an arbitrarily-large
amount of data into a fixed-length hash. The
same hash will always result from the same data,
but modifying the data by even one bit will
completely change the hash. Like all computer
data, hashes are large numbers, and are usually
written as hexadecimal.

CPU (Central Processing Unit)
The CPU is the part of a computer system
that is commonly referred to as the ‘brains’
of a computer. The CPU is also known as
the processor or microprocessor. The CPU is
responsible for executing a sequence of stored
instructions called a program.

Hash Rate
The number of hashes that can be performed by
a bitcoin miner in a given period of time (usually
a second).

14

Mining
Mining is a metaphor to describe the process
where someone has a computer and they use
the hardware storage space of that computer
to support the processing power needed to
maintain a digital currency ledger. In other
words, if I were to pay you a sum of LEOcoins,
that transaction needs to be recorded and
verified. This needs computer hardware storage
space and processing power; when someone
participates and shares their computer, this is
called mining.

POW (Proof of Work)
A system that ties mining capability to
computational power. Blocks must be hashed,
which is in itself an easy computational process,
but an additional variable is added to the
hashing process to make it more difficult. When
a block is successfully hashed, the hashing must
have taken some time and computational effort.
Thus, a hashed block is considered proof of
work.

RAM (Random Access Memory)
The main memory in a computer, smartphone
or tablet. RAM is the temporary workspace
where instructions are executed and data are
processed. What makes RAM "random access" is
its capability of reading and writing any single
byte. This "byte addressability" differs from
storage devices such as hard disks and flash
memory chips, which read and write sectors
containing multiple bytes. In addition, RAM is
used as a temporary space for the software,
while storage is permanent until deleted by the
user.

LEOcoin operates a straightforward ‘plug and
play’ system, meaning the mining requires little
input from the user.

P2P (Peer to Peer)
Decentralized interactions that happen between
at least two parties in a highly interconnected
network. An alternative system to a 'hub-andspoke' arrangement, in which all participants
in a transaction deal with each other through a
single mediation point.

POS (Proof of Stake)
An alternative to proof of work, in which your
existing stake in a currency (the amount of that
currency that you hold) is used to calculate the
amount of that currency that you can mine.

Selfish Miner Flaw
The result of a miner keeping their block
discoveries private to their own pool, and
cautiously revealing them to the rest of the
honest miners, thus forcing the honest miners to
waste their resources on blocks that are not part
of the blockchain.

Wallet
A secure digital application that is used to store
LEOcoins. This can be downloaded from the
LEOcoin website for Windows, Linux, Android,
IOS or Mac OS operating systems.

15

LEOcoin Foundation
Battle Barns
112 Preston Crowmarsh
Oxfordshire, OX10 6SL
United Kingdom
www.LEOcoinFoundation.org

www.LEOcoin.org

16

www.digitalchamber.org

