LEVERJ
DECENTRALIZED LEVERAGED
EXCHANGE

Technical Adviser

LAST UPDATED: 2017-11-22

LEVERJ.IO

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. Executive Summary

3

2. The Leverj Protocol

4

3. Derivatives on Leverj

10

4. The LEVERJ (LEV) token

11

5. Token Sale

16

6. Post-sale Considerations

17

7. Platform Features

19

8. Enhanced Trading Platform

20

9. Timeline

24

10. Roadmap

25

11. Leadership

27

12. Legal Considerations

28

2

LEVERJ.IO

1. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
INTRODUCTION

acceptable for hedging risk. Leverj aims to satisfy the

Derivatives trading is the largest market in the

requirements for practical trading in a decentralized

world at an estimated 1.2 quadrillion dollars , with

system by implementing a distributed exchange

1

a current growth rate of 30% per year . The crypto-

protocol executing off-chain, yet verifiable on-chain.

currency market is growing at an even faster rate,

By supporting derivatives contracts, classical hedg-

and is eager for a full derivatives ecosystem that ex-

ing strategies can be combined with financial appli-

ists within the traditional financial systems. Current

cations on Ethereum. The degree of centralization

growth in centralized cryptocurrency derivatives ex-

may be tunable without compromise of the distrib-

2

changes, which is at $1 billion daily notional value ,

uted nature of the protocol. This leaves room to ex-

indicates massive potential for the industry.

plore decentralized variants of initially centralized

3

PROBLEM
Traditional finance is bogged down by heavy regu-

algorithms, both of which remain distributed.

CHALLENGES

lation, excessive cost and censorship, among other

Efforts to establish markets for leveraged crypto-

issues. The cryptocurrency world has inherited some

currency derivatives have focused on centralized

of these failings and added a few of its own, includ-

exchanges that traders must trust as the custodi-

ing counterparty risk, account security, identity pro-

ans of their funds. In an environment where even

tection, exchange centralization and exchange insta-

the biggest (Bitfinex) and most security conscious

bility. Taken together, these points of friction make it

(Shapeshift) exchanges experience loss of funds to

inefficient and suboptimal.

hacking, a focus on security using blockchain and

OPPORTUNITY
Blockchain based financial systems challenge
the status quo by providing censorship resistance,
non-repudiation, counterparty risk reduction, and
many other desirable properties to financial contracts. Cryptography and game theory offer an opportunity to build regulatory benefits into blockchain products.

cryptography becomes imperative.
While decentralized exchanges are nothing new,
most of them offer poor user experience, low liquidity, and scant traction. Most of these systems subsequently fail to be adopted at scale.

SOLUTION
Leverj decentralizes the most security critical features of derivatives trading by implementing them

A trading system has efficiency and risk manage-

in smart contracts. Leverj focuses on derivatives

ment requirements that make it usable and practi-

trading and the supporting ecosystem. We plan to

cal; however, these requirements are currently only

build an ecosystem of features that will enable insti-

satisfied in centralized systems. Current decentral-

tutions to move into the cryptocurrency world.

ized exchanges are unsuitable for trading and barely

1

http://www.bis.org/statistics/d1.pdf

2

http://www.bis.org/publ/qtrpdf/r_qt0712.pdf

3

3

https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/volume/24-hour/

LEVERJ.IO

2. THE LEVERJ PROTOCOL

Fig 1. Leverj Protocol

Leverj consists of on-chain Custody and Staking

is optimized for speed and are designed to not

contracts along with an off-chain centralized or-

depend on the blockchain.

der book and matching engine. The exchange provides various aspects of the trading experience the
user interacts with such as a UI, API, integration
with other platform services, etc.

SEGREGATED ACCOUNTS
Custody contract implements the non-custodial
model of Leverj. Its purpose is to hold funds and
ensure that only the owner can deposit or withdraw from it. When a user deposits into the smart
contract (1), Custody allocates any tokens or ether

The user signs orders with their private key and sends
orders to the exchange(2). This ensures that the key
that controls the account is the same key that authorized the order or other operation. The updated
order book is streamed to all users off-chain like any
other centralized order book. As orders are matched,
executions are also streamed to all users. Executions
are periodically synced(3) to the blockchain. The
Custody smart contract verifies the integrity of the
fills and updates user balances(4).

received against the sending address and enables

To ensure any pending executions are synced and

withdrawal only up to the balance an account holds.

balances are updated, withdrawals are gated by

This ensures that its not possible for any malicious

the Exchange. The user submits a signed request

actor to take control of all the funds.

to the exchange, which ensures there are no open

ORDER BOOK
AND MATCHING ENGINE

orders or unsynced transactions and submits the
request to the Custody contract. However after
10,000 blocks of inactivity, the user can withdraw

Order book and matching are centralized and are

directly(5) from the Custody contract even without

off-chain. The order-cancel-match critical path

exchange involvement.

4

LEVERJ.IO

STAKING

though the exchange performs the match, the cus-

Custody contract accumulates fees and sends it to

tody contract transfers assets after verifying user

the Staking contract. The staking contract periodi-

signatures and integrity of all changes. Executions

cally calculates the allocation for everyone based on

need to meet specifications set by both users ac-

the amount and duration of the stake according to

cording to the signatures from their private key for

the staking formula. Staking generates new tokens

the smart contract to move assets among users.

as needed. Fees paid in ether are sent to the owner
of the staking contract (Leverj) and the appropriate

MALICIOUS USER

amount of FEE is generated and distributed.

Since the only avenue to extract assets is via a user

ATTACK VECTORS

account, a compromised exchange would have to
set up a malicious user and collaborate with it to

There are two main kinds of attack on custodial

move all assets into that user by supplying data in a

models. The first is the heist, where a significant

way to overcome the checks of the custody contract.

portion of the funds is taken at once. The attack-

Since all executions need signatures from users and

er does not expect to be able to repeat the attack

executions without assets backing them would be

and would generally not care if the theft is detected

rejected, the exchange would have to rearrange ex-

immediately. The second is skimming, where small

isting legitimate orders to favor the malicious user.

amounts of funds are taken repeatedly over a lon-

These can only occur in small pieces and are skim-

ger duration. The attacker generally would like to

ming attacks.

go undetected since repeating the attack as many
times as possible is key to a big payout. Our model

PROTOCOL

aims to provably prevent heists and prevent or de-

Instead of matching peer-to-peer, users can submit

tect most types of skimming using fraud-proofs.

their orders to one or more matching entities (ex-

PREVENTING HEISTS
For heists to be possible, the possibility for one person to control all coins in custody must be possible.

changes), which can do the matching and submit
fills to the smart contract.

PROTOCOL SPEC

Segregated accounts that only enable the depositor
to withdraw only their own balance eliminate this

1. User deposits into segregated account on

possibility, since the attacker would now need the

Custodian

keys of most users of the platform. Ensuring that

a) User ui deposits asset ti into his segregated

the user’s keys are never sent across the network

account Ai from Ethereum address ei

is also a fundamental requirement for this to work.

b) Custodian updates user balance of ti for Ai

Therefore all authentication must be using public/
private keys only. Password or other shared secrets
should never be used.

TRADING SETTLEMENTS
Movement of assets between users as part of
trade settlement requires that both users sign the
amounts and price they are ready to exchange. Al-

5

2. Exchange updates balance of Ai after N
confirmations enabling trading of new balance
3. User ui submits signed order 𝞺i  with  signature 𝛔i
4. Exchange validates order 𝞺i  against  signature 𝛔i
5. Exchange countersigns order 𝞺i  with  signature 
𝞁i  and  returns  to  user  ui
6. Exchange updates order 𝞺i  in  order  book

LEVERJ.IO

7. Exchange matches orders 𝞺1  and  𝞺2  to  creates 
execution Ɛi
8. Exchange periodically submits execution set Ɛ to
custodian
9. Custodian processes execution set Ɛ
a. Custodian verifies user signatures 𝛔1  and 𝛔2 
and execution parameters (price, quantity, expiration, etc.) against orders 𝞺1  and  𝞺2  for  each  Ɛi  in
b. Custodian settles asset balance between
users u1 and u2 of matched orders
c. Custodian ensures integrity of all asset balances ensuring all assets add up
10. User ui initiates a withdraw request of n ti from
his segregated Account Ai
11. Custodian moves n ti to user’s Ethereum
Address ei
12. Fees if any are moved from Custodian to a staking contract. There is never any assets flowing
to Exchange. All FEE and ether move to the
staking contract, which generates and allocates
FEE tokens as needed.

REPLAY ATTACK
A simple way to synthesize a victim order is to simply remember a past order and use it when the
price is adverse for the victim. The exchange simply
duplicates an order and fills it at a price favoring a
colluding user. Custodian contract prevents replay
attacks by the tracking order ids of all matched orders and rejecting duplicates.

CANCELLED ORDER ATTACK
A variant of the above is when the exchange simply
fills an order that was cancelled. Storing cancelled
order ids in the smart contract is impractical, since
cancels are numerous and cancellation need to be
fast. However, proof-of-cancellation (exchange signature on cancel request) can be used as a fraudproof that can be submitted to the Custodian. The
custodian can verify that a cancelled order has been
filled and halt the exchange.

PRICE-TIME PRIORITY
VIOLATION ATTACK
Even non-cancelled orders can be used for attacks

PROTOCOL SECURITY
The exchange cannot synthesize or alter orders with
the signature of a legitimate user and the protocol
constraints prevent catastrophic theft. A compromised exchange however may collude with and favor a malicious user using a variety of skim attacks.
To favor a colluding user, the exchange would need

by simply withholding them from the order book
and waiting for an adverse price movement and
matching with a colluding user. Such violations
can be detected by the user using price-time fraud
proof: an execution exists for an order with a better
price but later timestamp than the victim order.

signed orders from victim users which would be

NON-ACKNOWLEDGEMENT ATTACK

filled at an adverse price. Since the exchange can-

An exchange may refuse to accept legitimate or-

not synthesize or alter orders, it may try to manipu-

ders from a user due to operational policies such

late legitimate orders to use them for victimization.

as rate limiting or network issues; these do not

Note that even a coarse expiry time on the orders

produce fraud-proofs. In contrast, a non-acknowl-

greatly reduces the impact and detection burden of

edgement attack occurs when the exchange takes

the attack. Note that this is not a comprehensive list

a user’s signed order and instead of replying with its

of all possible attacks but a framework to quickly

own signature, saves the submitted order for skim-

address them by quickly adding fraud-proofs when

ming. It then waits for the price to move and then

a new defect is discovered.

matches it at an unfavorable price, siphoning profit

6

LEVERJ.IO

to a colluding user. If this happens, a user can detect

MITIGATION OF SKIM ATTACKS

immediately when he sees one of his unacknowl-

The exchange would need to sync executions to the

edged orders filled. The fraud proof for this is the

smart contract containing a fraudulent execution

same as the price-time fraud-proof.

before the assets can be withdrawn. The syncing

SUPPRESSED EXECUTIONS ATTACK

will cause anyone monitoring the executions to detect the anomaly instantly and submit fraud-proofs

While executions cannot be synthesized or dupli-

as described below, preventing the attacker from

cated, they can certainly be suppressed, enabling

stealing funds.

a compromised exchange to simply suppress losing trades of a colluding user from being synced to
the smart contract and withdrawing funds while
the smart contract is still in the stale state. This is a
variant of TOCTOU attack4. Users who observe withdrawals being processed while the Custodian is in a

A compromised exchange can rearrange orders
that flow into and executions that flow out of the
matching engine. There are four possible rearrangements: suppress, pass faithfully, duplicate and reorder (i.e., pass after a delay)

stale state can submit a fraud proof preventing the

There are two possible order operations: Cancel and

attacker from withdrawing.

create. Updates are simply cancel and create.

Faithful passes are not attacks, so we have the following attack matrix:

Suppress

Duplicate

Reorder

Order Create

Non-Acknowledgment

No effect

Cancel Order Attack

Order Cancel

Non-Acknowledgment

Replay

Price-time Priority

Execution

Execution Suppression

Prevented

No effect

Table 1. Combinatorial attacks on leverj protocol

All these attacks are described above and have
fraud-proofs that can be submitted to the Custodian contract to disincentivize skimming attacks.

4

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_of_check_to_time_of_use

7

LEVERJ.IO

In most cases, when o1 is withheld for skimming, the

PRICE-TIME PRIORITY
For a compromised exchange to skim from the user,
it would need to violate price-time priority. This can
be detected in most cases.
Consider the order book at time t0 and t1. Prices
above spread are asks, ones below are bids. Price
moves adversely to bid o1. An adverse move would
have to put an ask below the victim bid for skimming to be profitable.

market moving adversely would cause an execution
at a better price (<= o1.price) but with worse order
time (>o1.time), enabling us to detect the violation.
The time for an execution is effectively the time of
the taker order. Therefore, price-time priority has
been violated if:
1. There is an execution where the maker order o3’s
time is worse than the victim’s order o1’s time
2. o3 price is better than o1 price

t0			

t1

Detection for victim bids:

302			

for all executions Ei after o1.time

301

Let oi = Ei.maker

300			300

isViolation = oi.time > o1.time && oi.price <= o1.price

(spread)			

299

To prevent detection, the exchange would have to

298(o1)			

298(o2)

297			

297(o3)

296			

(spread)

prevent any ask hitting the price of the victim order,
which would effectively halt normal trading.

LIMITATIONS
In a highly illiquid market, there are many corner

				

295

cases that the above may not catch. For example,

				

294

may be no market action for a long time followed

				

293

ed by a compromised exchange. This is currently

by a sudden move (price gap) which can be exploitnot detectable.

waits for an adverse price move. It then sells into

MARKET ORDERS AND
FRONT RUNNING

the victim’s bid with its own ask o2 at 298 and buys

Market orders skip ahead of the price-time priority

from a bystander ask o3 at 297. Since the fraudulent

queue and front running market orders cannot be

order at 298 cannot be trusted, detection of fraud

detected using the check above.

The exchange holds victim bid order o1 at 298 and

should depend purely on the victim and the bystander orders.

Market orders are not currently part of the protocol. We hope to extend market order fraud-proofs or

In general, order time agreed between the exchange and

go fully on-chain once plasma or other high speed

non-compromised user using signatures can be accept-

chain is operational.

ed by the smart contract to be sufficient for verification.

8

LEVERJ.IO
SUBMISSION OF FRAUD-PROOFS
A malicious actor would need to withdraw their
funds after a fraudulent action. As long as there is a
sufficient window of time to detect and submit fraud
proofs, the smart contract can prevent the withdrawal or disable further action on the Custodian. Other

Secure against on-chain attacks: There are a variety of attacks possible against pure peer to peer exchanges. For example, a rouge taker can soak up all
bids from makers and not submit trades. Congestion and arbitrage attacks are also possible when
market is moving fast.

users can detect the state change and withdraw

Low cost: 98% of orders are cancelled in developed

their assets at their convenience. We propose a wait-

markets. By not requiring storage costs for can-

ing period for every user after a withdrawal request,

celled orders, Leverj is nearly 2 orders of magnitude

sufficient enough for any fraud proofs to be submit-

cheaper than nearly every other DEX. Leverj can

ted. The exchange and smart contract would not ac-

also hold off syncing to chain when during times of

cept any transactions for a user until their withdrawal

blockchain congestion without impacting trading.

is processed. This slight inconvenience is a justifiable

Only withdrawals are impacted. This kind of grace-

tradeoff for the added safety. On the verification of

ful degradation cannot be matched by most DEX.

a fraud proof, the exchange would halt. The perpetrator’s balance could be awarded to the fraud-proof
submitter, making compliance a form of mining.
All attacks can be detected by the victim as soon as
they occur and a fraud-proof can be submitted to the
smart contract, which can be used to take corrective
action such as disabling the exchange and allowing
all users to withdraw their funds. A small mandatory
delay before withdrawal ensures there is sufficient
time to submit fraud-proofs before a malicious user
can siphon money from the contract.

COMPARISON TO OTHER DEX
Leverage and Derivatives: Most DEX are not focused on risk management and derivatives offerings. We hope to be the first exchange that offers
derivatives with secure custody.
High Speed: Blockchain not involved in the critical
create-cancel-execute path, making Leverj highly
competitive against other DEX in terms of speed.
Congestion insensitive: Leverj can postpone sync
to blockchain during times of blockchain congestion, while enabling trading to proceed, only impacting withdrawals. On-chain matching DEX cannot degrade gracefully during network congestion.

9

Other DEX Action

Eth Cost
for 100 orders

Stores unfilled orders

0.0196

Stores filled orders

0.0004

Requires gas to cancel

0.0196

Updates on every execution

0.0002

Total

0.0398

Leverj Action

Eth Cost
for 100 orders

Does not store unfilled orders
Stores filled orders
No gas to cancel

0
0.0004
0

Updates on every execution

0.0002

Total

0.0006

*Estimated cost at 4Gwei gas price

LEVERJ.IO

3. DERIVATIVES ON LEVERJ

NON-CUSTODIAL DERIVATIVES
The major distinguishing requirement of leveraged
exchanges over spot exchanges is risk management.
Since users who owe money can simply walk away
in a decentralized environment, we need to ensure
that no account goes into negative balance.

2. Auto-Deleveraging: Ensures integrity of system and
no positions are dangling.
To implement the above in a manner that makes
trading enjoyable requires careful crafting of appropriate leverage offered, reference index construction and handling of corner cases.

In the traditional exchanges, risk is managed by con-

DERIVATIVES OFFERINGS

tinuous monitoring of user balances and closing out

Our primary product offering will be ETH/USD in-

positions forcibly when there is a risk of insolvency.

verse contracts based off a median index created

This process is expensive and not reliable. Clearing

from the highest volume spot exchanges. This will

members are bound by legal obligations to make

enable hedging Ether against fiat using only Ether.

up for any shortfall of their member accounts.

We can also offer a variety of products denominated

Replacing monitoring and ad-hoc forcible closures
with mandatory stop orders enables us to manage
risk without a central exchange user. The entire risk

in ether for which a reliable reference index can be
constructed.
ERC20 spot and derivatives on highly liquid tokens

system is beyond the scope of this document but

will also be offered including options and futures in-

relies on the following:

cluding on Token index prices.

1. Atomic stops: Stop orders that are guaranteed to fill
within a max slippage. These enable prevention of
accounts going into negative balance.

10

LEVERJ.IO

4. THE LEVERJ (LEV) TOKEN
LEV is an ERC20 token that represents the partici-

is low. This allows the trader to sell FEE tokens generat-

pation to trade on Leverj. LEV is not a requirement

ed when, for example, the trader is on vacation without

to trade on Leverj and a trader can choose to simply

giving up possession of LEV tokens. This is equivalent

pay fees in ether. However, regular traders will ben-

to a temporary transfer of the right to use LEV. Indeed,

efit from holding and staking LEV since its econom-

some investors may have a strategy of simply selling

ically attractive to do so.

generated FEE as a steady source of income.

LEV AND FEE TOKENS
The Leverj DApp is designed with a bi-level token
structure a two level tokens. The primary token is of
fixed supply, and represents a license to transact on
LEV platform proportional to the percentage ownership of the token supply. The secondary token FEE is
the accounting mechanism to ensure the rights of
LEV can be exercised fully in a decentralized manner.

BI-LEVEL TOKENS VS REVENUE
SHARING
Most revenue sharing systems have the following

0.0001 ETH

challenges:
1. Building liquidity is difficult.
2. Attracting other service providers to grow a rich
ecosystem is extremely challenging without liquidity.
The two level Leverj token system has been carefully
crafted using economics and game theory to incentivize liquidity and quickly grow a rich ecosystem.

USER PERSPECTIVE
From the user’s point of view, bi-level tokens have
the following advantages:
1. The second level token holds fees stable in ETH
terms to ameliorate cryptocurrency ﬂuctuations.
For example, when the ETH exchange rate is very
high in USD terms, it makes sense to sell your full
ETH position instead of using part of it to pay fees.
2. The ability to sell excess capacity when trading activity

11

SYSTEM PERSPECTIVE
From a systemic point of view, two level tokens
have enormous positive consequences.
1. The accumulation of FEE tokens over time will
increase trading pressure. This is analogous to
typically higher volume on no-fee exchanges, simply because more trading strategies are proﬁtable.
This increased trading pressure increases volume
and liquidity greatly, enabling tight spreads and
predictable ﬁlls, without slippage and helps facilitate generally healthy markets.
2. A secondary effect of FEE accumulation is that it
enables a rich ecosystem with many other participants. The ability to pay for additional services from
auto-generated FEE tokens means that traders are
more likely to purchase, and providers more likely

LEVERJ.IO

to supply services to the system. High liquidity and

GAME THEORY

a rich ecosystem are value multipliers and we be-

The main goal is to create a functioning market for

lieve the overall system would be worth much more

FEE in ETH (Ethereum) so that LEV holders have

than a simple revenue sharing/fee rebate system.

access to a liquid market for their disbursements,

LEV TOKEN

and Leverj platform users can get a discount on the
fees they would otherwise pay in ETH. Connecting

The token sold during the token launch is known as

these two major users in the Leverj ecosystem will

the Leverj LEV token. This token is created only on

help foster an economy within the community that

the ICO issuance and it’s supply is permanently fixed.

pairs groups with overlapping interests. FEE will be

FEE TOKEN GENERATION
LEV tokens may be used to generate FEE tokens. LEV

maintained as a market that maximizes utility for
the stakeholders.

holders will not automatically generate fee; howev-

FEE TOKEN GENERATION

er, token holders can “lock” their tokens into a smart

LEV tokens may be used to generate FEE tokens.

contract, which applies the user-selected lock dura-

LEV holders will not automatically generate fee;

tion to a formula designed to regulate the total sup-

however, token holders can “lock” their tokens into

ply of FEE tokens. Longer lock periods generate larg-

a smart contract, which applies the user-selected

er amount of FEE tokens.

lock duration to a formula designed to regulate the

Once users execute the contract, depending on how
much trading activity there is on the platform — as

total supply of FEE tokens. Longer lock periods generate larger amount of FEE tokens.

well as the FEE market mechanics — they will receive

Once users execute the contract, depending on

a proportionate amount of FEE.

how much trading activity there is on the platform

Once the lock duration expires, the locked LEV ceases to generate FEE and becomes freely transferable

— as well as the FEE market mechanics — they will
receive a proportionate amount of FEE.

by the holder once again. There is no limit (other

Once the lock duration expires, the locked LEV ceas-

than duration) to how many times LEV tokens may

es to generate FEE and becomes freely transferable

be used to generate FEE.

by the holder once again. There is no limit (other

12

LEVERJ.IO

than duration) to how many times LEV tokens may
be used to generate FEE.

the market back into equilibrium.

SUPPLY PRESSURE

ECONOMICS

The opposite situation can also occur: an imbalance

Market forces are at work in the pricing of any as-

arises from too much FEE supply, resulting in a price

set, and the FEE token is no exception. An increase

decline. In response to this, the self-regulating sys-

in supply, ceteris paribus, will increase the quan-

tem for FEE production will adjust such that the FEE

tity provided by the market and lower the price.

supply is slowed to bring the price back up.

Therefore, an unexpected supply increase will adjust the price downward, whereas an unexpected

PRICE STABILIZATION MECHANISMS

demand increase will adjust the price upward.

The price of FEE will be managed by a series of Price

Using a diverse set of tools to influence the FEE demand and supply mechanisms, both directly and
indirectly, the system will target a FEE price that is
approximately equal to the coupon value for covering Leverj exchange fees.

Stabilization Mechanisms (PSMs).

SYSTEMIC PSMS
The primary systemic PSMs are parameterized by
platform activity and supply generated by the same
platform activity.

DEMAND PRESSURE

The most important source of demand for FEE to-

When the economic activity on the platform grows,

kens will be the users who are purchasing FEE to

there is likely to be demand pressure on FEE. This

pay the Leverj trade fees which are denominated

pressure will not only affect LEV holders who might

in Ether. The platform will accept FEE and it will be

wish to generate additional FEE; there may also be

tradable in a FEE/ETH order book.

significant secondary market demand that drives the
price significantly above the targeted coupon rate.
To counteract this effect, more FEE is produced

To give a simple example, if an individual is going to make a trade worth 100 ETH and the fee
charged is 1% (in practice it will be much less than

when fees are paid in ETH and distributed to LEV

this), then the user needs to pay 1 ETH or 10,000

holders, easing the demand pressure and bringing

FEE (1 FEE = 0.0001 ETH). Assume that the price

13

LEVERJ.IO

currently trading at 0.00008 in the FEE/ETH order

The amount of FEE tokens charged can be lower (say

book, meaning it is 20% cheaper to pay your trad-

0.1 FEE) or higher (say 1.5 FEE) based on the product

ing fees in FEE than ETH. The trader on Leverj can

traded. Leverj can also adjust the coupon value based

merely check a box preferring to pay for fees in FEE

on market conditions such as price of ether.

token instead of ETH, and platform will automatically buy 10,000 FEE from the market at 0.00008

STAKING

(for 0.8 ETH) and cover the 1 ETH fees, saving 0.2

Fair distribution of FEE tokens is ensured by staking

ETH in the process!

LEV tokens. Users who stake for longer durations

In this model, if the FEE/ETH book is trading above
0.0001 ETH (at say 0.00012 ETH), due to excessive
speculative demand, then the platform demand
will dry up, and LEV holders who receive FEE will

get more FEE tokens. This ensures that users committed to trading on the platform can be assured
that they can exercise their license compared to users who are holding LEV simply for speculation.

be able to get above-par returns on the FEE they

Leverj uses economic pressure instead of a mathe-

sell into the market for ETH.

matical model to compute the proper amount of

On the supply side, when FEE is generated, it is
done so based on a formula that attempts to target FEE price to be near 0.0001 ETH. Thus, LEV
holders will be able to receive FEE and use it to pay
for trading activity on Leverj, save it for future trading activity, or sell for ETH immediately. Our prima-

FEE required to be in circulation. This is because
a mathematical model will always have elaborate
that no model can perfectly account for. An economic pressure relieves us of the need for modeling
and we simply use actual demand pressure which
can be reduced to simple computation.

ry concern is that FEE retain proper demand and a

In an equilibrium where the volume traded on the

reasonable price, should LEV holders choose to sell.

exchange does not change, there is sufficient FEE

The risk of the FEE price being abnormally low out-

tokens that circulate among market participants,

weighs the risk of it being abnormally high.

enabling trading without paying fees to the ex-

Thus, if the price becomes low, based on a criteria
we make open source, it will trigger a mass-staking
by the team’s LEV. This will mean less FEE distrib-

change. This is the ideal execution of LEV as license
to trade on the platform and FEE as its accounting
mechanism.

utes to LEV holders who are selling large amounts

When the volume falls, excess FEE tokens may be

in the FEE market. This will help reduce the sup-

destroyed (or simply stored) and users can continue

ply pressure while the demand remains the same,

to trade without paying additional fees.

guiding prices closer to the par value.

LEV AND FEE TOKENS
Leverj is designed around a bi-level token structure.
The primary token (LEV) is of fixed supply, and represents a license to transact on the Leverj platform
proportional to the total token supply. The secondary token, FEE, is the accounting mechanism to
ensure the rights of LEV can be exercised fully in a
decentralized manner.

14

When the platform is ramping up, increasing volume is likely to result in a situation where there are
insufficient FEE tokens to satisfy the trading volume.
This may give rise to a premium on FEE tokens and
may result in undesirable behavior such as hoarding. To prevent this, fees can be paid in ether and
the equivalent FEE tokens are generated and distributed to LEV stakers.

LEVERJ.IO

STAKING CADENCE
To simplify the UX and security of the staking contract, there is a fixed staking cadence which computes the number of tokens staked and the duration of the stake. This enables a simple calculation
that allocates the FEE tokens to the traders.

EXPIRY
At the end of the staking period, all LEV are returned to stakers and FEE tokens proportional to
their stake are distributed to stakers.

STAKING FORMULAS
For single stake:
Let L => Number of lev to be staked (passed by user)
Let T => the expiry block number
Let t = T - current_block => number of blocks to stake
Then Lt => Number of Lev blocks staked
stake[user] += L
evblocks[user] += Lt
total_levblocks += Lt
FEE events (periodic aggregated) could combine
with expiry:
Total_Fees += FEE sent for trading fees + ETH sent
for trading fees * ETH_FEE_RATE
At Expiry Adjust Supply:
If Total_Fees > FEE_supply:
Generate (Total_Fees - FEE_supply) FEE tokens
At expiry (for all users):
Fee_share[user] = (levblocks[user] / total_levblocks)
* Total_Fees
Transfer fee_share[user] FEE to user
Transfer stake[user] to user

15

5. TOKEN SALE
TOKEN SUPPLY
Token

Description

1000M (1 billion)

Tokens created

400M

Available for purchase including bonus *

200M

Founders

300M

Liquidity and Operations

100M

Partners

* Unsold tokens will be sent to a burning contract where 50% are locked for 12 months and the
remaining are locked for 10 years in order to stabilize LEV utility during the early adoption phase.
* Founders pledge to donate LEV proportional to the burnt ratio to the liquidity and operations pool
* Airdrops and bounties will be paid from the Liquidity and Operations

TOKEN SALE STRUCTURE
Duration

Price

1ST 150M tokens

4615 LEV per ETH

2ND 250M token

3000 LEV per ETH

TOKEN SALE TIMELINE

16

Event

Date (12 UTC)

Sale Start

2017-11-07

Sale Ends

2017-12-07

LEVERJ.IO

6. POST-SALE CONSIDERATIONS
TOKEN DISTRIBUTION

SECONDARY SALES

The following pie chart provides the breakup of the

Leverj holds 30% of tokens for liquidity and opera-

tokens distribution. All tokens, including pre-sale,

tions. Leverj will stake most of these tokens in order

are distributed via smart contract, audited by Con-

to get FEE tokens. Leverj is therefore economical-

senSys, and managed by the independent escrow

ly incentivized to hold on to these tokens and has

providers BraveNewCoin.com (BNC).

no plans at present to sell large portions of these
tokens on secondary market. As part of business

Purpose

% Share

Partners

10

Liquidity/Ops

30

cases, we will require lockout periods of sufficient

Token Sale

40

market value.

Founders

20

In case the Leverj team chooses to sell LEV tokens

development, some tokens may be given to financial institutions as part of partnership agreements,
incentivize advisors and new employees. In such
length to ensure there is no major disruption in

that it holds on the secondary market in the future,
it will sell on or around the 1st of each month an

VESTING SCHEDULE

amount of approximately USD 100,000 worth of

The token vesting schedule, shown below, has been

tokens. For any amounts exceeding this, the public

designed to specifically align the long-term inter-

will receive notice at least one week in advance of

ests of the founding team with those of public to-

the time and amount of tokens that may be sold.

ken sale participants to maintain consistent and
healthy growth of the trading ecosystem. The long
drawn-out vesting schedule also ensures that the
team is continuously motivated and stays vested in
the success of the project for a longer duration. Early exit of the core team also impacts the success of
the project and thereby the value of the token.

17

Liquidity operations require that a portion (up to 2%
of supply) of the tokens will be made available on
the order book. Traders can buy from or sell into the
book and this means our share of tokens will vary
slightly based on market activity.

USE OF PROCEEDS

Period

% Locked

Developement

30%

Immediately

10

Marketing

10%

6 months

30

Biz Developement

10%

12 months

30

Legal

10%

18 months

30

Operations

10%

Liquidity

30%

LEVERJ.IO

Disclaimer: Our project is subject to several other considerations that require flexibility in how we
spend the raise. For example, if we get an opportunity to partner with a legacy financial powerhouse, we
may need to invest significant resources for speedy
implementation. We may also have opportunity to
work with regulators in untapped crypto markets
such as the United States that may require unforeseen expenditures. All-in-all, since we have a centralized component, we have need for operational and
strategic flexibility unlike a pure protocol project.
Converting to Fiat: Most of the raise will be kept in
ETH and be converted to fiat as necessary. There will
be an initial conversion of up to $5M USD to bootstrap the project.

18

LEVERJ.IO

7. PLATFORM FEATURES
BASE PLATFORM
Centralized trading platforms have inherent coun-

chances of malware or other security breaches
stealing coins on your trading computer.

terparty and custodial risk. User identity, transaction
history, and funds are all ultimately controlled by the
exchange operators. The exchange custody of these
valuables

makes an attractive target for hackers,

lawsuits and state actors. The risks and losses inherent in centralization can be substantial1. Leverj provides decentralized identity to avoid identity leaks.

DECENTRALIZED IDENTITY

DERIVATIVES OFFERINGS
Leverj focuses on derivatives products, which distinguishes it from other DEX offerings. Using non-custodial risk management, we can offer derivatives

A third-party issued identity (such as an email ad-

products without requiring an exchange user to

dress) puts you at the mercy of a centralized ex-

take over losing positions for liquidations. ETH/USD

change's competence, fairness and integrity. Every

inverse futures will be the primary offering. Howev-

identity you use can be held hostage to the interests

er, we can offer futures on any market with a stable,

and whims of unpredictable actors such as hackers

well developed market. We can also offer a variety of

or governments.

options or futures on liquid ERC20 tokens.

A decentralized identity can be used for authenti-

ON-CHAIN SETTLEMENT

cation, signatures on contracts, attestation of documents, messaging other traders and to share media.

HARDWARE WALLET SUPPORT

With an on-chain exchange, there are no custody settlement and manual withdrawal processing
steps since closing a position results in near-instant settlement. Elimination of exchange custodial
responsibility to the exchange has the pleasant
side-effect of not requiring the exchange to perform
Cryptography has made remarkable financial

any actions in order for you to access your profits.

products possible, but at the cost of an ever-pres-

We eliminate waiting for exchange action to settle

ent risk of compromise via malware, security

trades, process expiries and reﬁll hot-wallets. Every

breaches, or custodial issues in regards to pri-

change in your position automatically updates your

vate keys held on computers and backend serv-

equity in real-time, making your funds available for

ers. Hardware wallet support greatly reduces the

withdrawal subject only to blockchain latencies.

19

LEVERJ.IO

8. ENHANCED TRADING PLATFORM
The privacy and security benefits of decentralization

push, rather than hoping you guessed the exit price

and the basics of reliable stops and position manage-

correctly. Leverj supports price action entries that

ment facilitate trading, but fall short of that is available

enter and exit precisely, reducing unexpected losses

on legacy financial platforms. The Leverj enhanced

and suboptimal exits.

trading platform brings these features to digital currency, enabling rapid growth of the Leverj platform.

AUTOMATED TRADE MANAGEMENT

TRADE REPLAY VIDEO
The best way to improve your trading is to observe
yourself trading. Trade replay videos allow the trader

The most profitable professional traders use discre-

to view how a trade was planned and executed, from

tionary entry and mechanical trade management.

placing the entry order, to stop management, to

This approach enables them to focus their atten-

eventual exit. Video replay can be used to document

tion on market opportunities and delegate trade

your trading, share with and teach other traders, or

management to software modules. This “fire and

simply archive your greatest trading moments. Even

forget” approach eliminates an entire class of trade

add audio commentary and background music. Your

management errors. For example, an order will be

video of making a killing on the big bear move would

placed to enter on the breakout of a signal bar if the

be fantastic with Carmina Burana as soundtrack.

bar closes strongly. Once filled, a trailing stop will
tighten below every new swing point once a new

SUBSCRIBE

high is reached. Partial profits are taken on every

Another great way to learn any highly specialized

push and the position is closed on a parabolic move.

skill is to be mentored by someone who excels in

All of these are orchestrated routinely once the po-

that field. Find the most respected traders, subscribe

sition is open, relieving the stress of trade manage-

to their feed, and learn from them a lot faster than

ment and enabling the trader to focus on price ac-

you would learn by trading (and possibly losing) your

tion and new entries.

own money. Open up your trade videos and reports

PRICE ACTION ENTRIES
The most common trading regret is taking a position

and share with the world. If you are a good trader,
you can build a following.

due to "fear of missing out" (FOMO). FOMO entries are

MANAGED TRADING

caused by hesitation due to a less-than-perfect setup

Many people desire the exposure to digital currency,

and subsequent late reaction once price moves with

but are too busy in their professional lives to spare

unexpected strength. Habitual FOMO trading makes

their attention for full-time trading. Managed trad-

it impossible to build trading discipline. Price Action

ing presents an attractive alternative to those who

entries free the trader from absolute price levels and

have the capital but not the skill to trade. Simply

allow focus to remain on unfolding market structure.

“follow” or replicate trades of highly skilled traders

For example, you may want to enter on the breakout

automatically in exchange for a percentage of the

of a signal bar, or want stops to trail below the low of

winnings. In the beginning this is likely to be a fixed

the prior bar instead of a fixed number of ticks. You

percentage but as the platform evolves, we expect

may want to sell on the close of a bar on the third

traders to set their own rates.

20

LEVERJ.IO

SIMULATED TRADING

ZERO-KNOWLEDGE API KEYS

The first few months of a new trader’s performance
is unlikely to be profitable. In addition, there is substantial risk testing out unproven ideas with real
money. Simulated trading enables trying out ideas
and fine tuning trading strategy with real-time
market data, while avoiding market risk. Once the
trading idea or setup is proven, it can confidently be
executed on a live account.

HISTORICAL DATA REPLAY
AND TRADING

A trading or reporting service needs to be authorized to perform certain operations on behalf of the
user. In the centralized world, this is accomplished
through API keys. Leverj provides Zero-Knowledge

Institutional trading is largely algorithmic and the

API keys that enable integration with vendors and

ability to fine tune and harden a trading system

partners without relying on transport and storage

depends on reliable historical data. How would a

secrecy. This enables the creation of an ecosystem

trading strategy fare during the great bull move and

of decentralized services that can build a new value

subsequent crash of 2013? Harden trading strate-

network on the blockchain.

gies by replaying extreme market conditions and
conditions. Leverj brings the advantages enjoyed

ISSUES WITH DECENTRALIZED
LEVERAGED TRADING

add safeguards to ensure sustainability in adverse
by institutional traders to crypto trading, enabling

Leveraged trading adds risk management and posi-

re-playing market data to fine tune and perfect your

tion management capabilities required for practical

home grown strategies.

trading. Adding margin to a position or re-leasing

MARKETPLACE

margin from a winning position to open a new position are practical necessities for trading. Recent

A marketplace for decentralized trading services is

attempts at decentralized leveraged trading plat-

essential to a rich ecosystem. Instead of building

forms have resulted in poor user experience due to

your own indicators and strategies, buy them from a

lack of attention to practical exchange operation is-

marketplace. If you have developed a great indicator,

sues. Leveraged trading adds another level of com-

list it on the marketplace and get paid in FEE tokens.

plexity to decentralized trading that must be care-

PLUGIN FRAMEWORK

fully designed. As exchange needs to be performant
in addition to secure for trading to be enjoyable in

A plugin framework enables quick composition of

addition to enabling the basic goals of decentraliza-

an ideal trading environment, building on the work

tion. The key issues with decentralized trading are

of others. Plugin your own indicators, trading strate-

latency, finality and liquidity. We address these by

gies, reports, or anything else that enrich your trad-

using the blockchain sparingly and relying on ancil-

ing experience. The plugin framework is a founda-

lary technology where possible.

tional aspect of the marketplace.

21

LEVERJ.IO

STOPS

not be saved by adding margin if a pullback is deep-

Reliable stops are the hardest feature to get per-

er than expected. All in all, this approach to trading is

fect, even for centralized exchanges. When a price

essentially a gamble on direction at a point in time. A

spike can trigger a stop, but never ﬁll (or ﬁll it at an

sophisticated trader requires the ability to modify the

undesirable price) it becomes imperative to your

margin backing any position based on price action.

position. This induces attention fatigue and causes

Indeed, the freedom to take profit and allocate it to

unforced error that reduce your profitability. Profes-

a new opportunity should be smooth and natural to

sional traders simply cannot afford to trade with-

ensure that the trader can take profit when price ac-

out reliable stops, since they are vital to precise risk

tion enables it. Leverj enables addition and removal

management. Leverj provides atomic stops that are

of margin with an intuitive stop order inter-face that

guaranteed to ﬁll within predictable range.

allows traders to manage position margin.

LIQUIDATIONS

SPLIT/MERGE

When a trader’s position moves into a losing area

It is a good practice to take partial profit on a wind-

beyond its allocated margin, the position needs to

fall move in the trader’s favor. The ability to split a

be liquidated. Leverj is able to liquidate positions

large position facilitates this. Once a position is

without the need for a centralized exchange user to

split, it is possible to manage each position differ-

take over the position.

ently, for example, a tighter stop on half to protect
profits and a looser stop on the remaining for lon-

POSITION MANAGEMENT

ger holding periods. The converse is the ability to

Good position management is often the only differ-

build up a position by many small entries (such as

ence between a break-even trader and a profitable

iceberg orders) and manage them as a single po-

trader. A platform that facilitates good position man-

sition by merging them. Leverj provides splitting/

agement practices is essential to trade effectively.

merging of positions, giving the trader flexibility

ADD/REMOVE MARGIN
Current decentralized leveraged systems “lock-in” a
margin until the contract expires or is settled. This
means profits cannot be taken when available if the
market reacts earlier than expected. Positions can-

22

to react appropriately to the market and manage
exits, leverage and stops for optimal profit.

LEVERJ.IO

CROSS/FIXED
Traders who trade long timeframes and accumulate large positions need to use all available margin (cross margin) to ensure they can accumulate
through large dips without being stopped out.
However, often they also wish to trade portions with
fixed margin to protect profits on moves on a smaller timeframe. Leverj is the only exchange that offers
simultaneous fixed and cross margin while splitting
a fixed portion out of the cross margin for partial exit.

NETWORK CONGESTION

Blockchains can suffer congestion for extended durations. A severely congested network may mean
that settlement transactions are confirmed with
a significant delay, but wont impact actual settlement amounts.

23

LEVERJ.IO

9. TIMELINE
2013

Start
Founders Bharath Rao and Nirmal Gupta meet
Concept for decentralized leveraged derivatives on bitcoin conceived

2014

Proof of Concept development in motion

2015

Self-funded full-time development begins

2016

Coinpit.io becomes the ﬁrst exchange to open-source security code

Q1

Q4

Q1-Q2

Coinpit.io launches public beta
Industry First Features:
Decentralized Identity
Segregated Accounts
Zero-Knowledge Authentication

Exclusive & Industry First:
Multisig with user controlled private key
On-blockchain Settlement

2016
Q3

2017
Q1-Q2

Industry ﬁrst Robust Median Index launched
Coinpit.io launched at TechCrunch Disrupt

~600K Seed Angel Investment Raised
Inverse contract launched
Exclusive & Industry First:
Proof-of-Audit embedded in blockchain
Zero-Knowledge API keys
Hardware multisig wallet launched

24

LEVERJ.IO

10. ROADMAP
BASE PLATFORM

2018
Q1

2018
Q2

Decentralized ETH/ERC20 spot trading platform

Q3

2018
Q4

2019
Q1

$2.5M

Hardware key authentication instant settlement

Fully decentralized custody futures trading live

ENHANCED PLATFORM

2018

RAISE NEEDED

Price Action Entries

$4M

RAISE NEEDED

$5M

Trade Replay Videos

Managed Trading

$6M

Simulated Trading

Historical Data Replay and Trading

$8M

Marketplace
Plugin Framework
Social Media Trading

2019
Q2

Automated Strategies
Enhanced Reporting
Internationalization
Encrypted/Anonymous Messaging/Chat/Email

25

$10M

LEVERJ.IO

PRODUCT OFFERINGS

2018
H1

Major Cryptocurrency Futures

RAISE NEEDED

$20M

Crypto10 Index and Futures

2018

CFD on OIL/GOLD/Top Commodities

$25M

2019

Single Stock Futures

$30M

H2

H1

26

Major World Index Futures

LEVERJ.IO

11. LEADERSHIP

Bharath Rao, Founder/CEO
Entrepreneur. Trader. Techie. Leader. Blogger. Speaker. Inventor
10 Year Wall St. Veteran
Policy and Strategy Advisor to Liberland
MS Computer Engineering from Syracuse University

Nirmal Gupta, CoFounder/CTO
Full Stack Developer.
10 years on Forex Trading Software
BS Aerospace Engineering from IIT Kanpur

Babu SK, Operations
FinTech Veteran, Growth & Tech Strategy
Operational Transformation
MBA, IIM Bangalore

Gerry Howatt, Marketing
20+ year Marketing Executive, Media Strategist, Product
Marketer, Partnership Development, Entrepreneur
BA St Lawrence University

Swapman, Advisor Economics & Financial Theory
Financial Market Expert, Crypto Market Expert & Trader, Economist
M.Sc. Economics, University South Denmark

Alexandra Ward, Community Manager
Crypto Personality and Trader.
Administrative Role in Trading Communities.
Moderator of Bitcoin-Related Subreddit.

27

LEVERJ.IO

Benny Sadeh, Software Craftsman
25+ years of Software Engineering
M.S. Computer Science, University of Alabama

Merunas Grincalaitis
Ethereum Smart Contract and Javascript Engineer
Universidad de Granada

28

LEVERJ.IO

12. LEGAL CONSIDERATION
As part of legal due-diligence, the Leverj team has

ARE NOT SECURITIES. TOKENS ARE NONREFUND-

consulted with several law ﬁrms around the globe

ABLE. TOKENS ARE NOT FOR SPECULATIVE IN-

to evaluate the implications of our structure, token

VESTMENT. NO PROMISES OF FUTURE PERFOR-

launch, and operations. We can make no guaran-

MANCE OR VALUE ARE MADE WITH RESPECT TO

tees regarding the legality of the platform or launch

TOKENS, INCLUDING NO PROMISE OF INHERENT

in any given jurisdiction. Regardless, we have mod-

VALUE, NO PROMISE OF CONTINUING PAYMENTS,

eled the platform to be provably compliant with

AND NO GUARANTEE THAT TOKENS WILL HOLD

the spirit of regulations in major jurisdictions and

ANY PARTICULAR VALUE. TOKENS ARE NOT PAR-

we hope to be a model of regulatory compliance for

TICIPATION IN THE COMPANY AND TOKENS HOLD

decentralized applications and token launches. We

NO RIGHTS IN SAID COMPANY. TOKENS ARE SOLD

will be responsive and collaborative with any regu-

AS A FUNCTIONAL GOOD AND ALL PROCEEDS RE-

lators as necessary going forward.

CEIVED BY COMPANY MAY BE SPENT FREELY BY

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

COMPANY ABSENT ANY CONDITIONS. Tokens are
intended for experts in dealing with cryptographic

This document has forward looking statements that

tokens and blockchainbased software systems. TO-

are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could

KEN SALE IS UNAVAILABLE TO CHINESE RESIDENTS,

cause actual results to differ materially from those

US PERSONS & SEYCHELLES RESIDENTS AND OFAC

anticipated. Such statements are based on our be-

SANCTIONED COUNTRIES AND PERSONS (SDN).

liefs as well as assumptions made by and information currently available

UNFORESEEABLE TECHNICAL
LIMITATIONS

LEGAL LANDSCAPE FOR
DERIVATIVES TRADING
Derivatives trading are an area of interest for many
regulators around the globe, including those with-

Some of the features described herein are based on

in the United States. Leverj intends to operate our

our current understanding of blockchain technology

business in accordance with the laws of relevant ju-

and the assumption that blockchain systems contin-

risdictions. As such, Leverj may not be immediately

ue to work with the same characteristics in the near

available in certain jurisdictions. The Leverj team and

future. In the event that the nature of the blockchain

our advisors are aggressively pursuing strategies to

changes dramatically for example due to high con-

bring the beneﬁts of the platform to the global trad-

gestion, change in proof of work, network splits, 51%

ing community expeditiously. This includes obtain-

attack or any other unpredictable event, the plat-

ing securities licenses as required by law.

form’s stability and our ability to deliver features described here may be negatively impacted.

LEGAL IMPLICATIONS OF TOKEN
LAUNCHES
LEV/FEE tokens (henceforth “tokens”) are functional utility tokens within the Leverj platform. TOKENS

29

