LEVIAR PLATFORM WHITE PAPER

Table of Contents
2_ Introduction
2_ Methodology
2_ Advertising
3_ Mining
4_ Mining/Ads with Leviar Platform
5_ Drive-By Mining
7_ Our approach, the differences
8_ Revenue system
9_ Platform tokens total supply
9_ Technical informations
11_ Road map
12_ Conclusions

1

Introduction
The Leviar Platform is a new platform designed by Leviar.
We set the goal of changing the way in which companies and developers make money
from their web and mobile applications.
Today we are used to see advertisements in all forms while we surf the web and use
free applications.
This white paper is a study for a project made of libraries and scripts (Android, iOS,
Javascript) that allow developers to easily integrate a mining system into their software.
In this study, we also want to explore the forms of revenue of developers (freemium
applications) and what means for users to view advertising banners and videos while
using free applications and websites.

Methodology
During our research we studied the current world of advertising and mining.
Advertising allows advertisers and publishers to find a meeting point through
centralized platforms managed by third-party agencies. Publishers get revenues
through the meeting point between supply and demand with advertisers. We have
studied their earnings and the users’ feelings during the use of the final product.
Mining allows miners to maintain decentralization of a blockchain and get rewards for
each block that is found. Usually this operation has an onerous expenditure in terms of
energy and management of the necessary infrastructure (mining farm).
We have studied the impact of these operations and the associated costs to start with
this practice.

Advertising
Advertising is a mean of communication with users who use a product or service. These
direct messages to users expect a price to be paid for a view or interaction from the
user. To date, the distribution channels of advertising forms are the most disparate:
2

television, press, radio, direct sales, mail, contests, clothes and many others, including
internet. Although advertising is a fairly general term, we will focus on the internet
channel.

Growth of online advertising over the years
As we can see from this chart, from year to year the internet is being saturated by
advertising forms.

Mining
[An extract from Bitcoin Wiki]

Mining is the process of adding transaction records to Bitcoin's public ledger of past
transactions (and a "mining rig" is a colloquial metaphor for a single computer system
that performs the necessary computations for "mining". This ledger of past transactions
is called the block chain as it is a chain of blocks. The blockchain serves to confirm
transactions to the rest of the network as having taken place. Bitcoin nodes use the
blockchain to distinguish legitimate Bitcoin transactions from attempts to re-spend
coins that have already been spent elsewhere.

3

Mining in pools began when the difficulty for mining increased to the point where it
could take a lot of time for slower miners to generate a block.
A mining pool is the pooling of resources by miners, who share their processing power
over a network, to split the reward equally, according to the amount of work they
contributed to the probability of finding a block.

Mining/Ads with Leviar Platform
The integration of Leviar Platform for developers is very simple and consists of 3 libraries
(Javascript, Android, iOS).
Once integrated into the application, at the very first open, the library will show the users
a popup that allows them to decide whether to display advertisements or to start the
mining process.
In the early stages, the project will rely on third party pools.
In a second phase, native scripts will be created to do the mining on our proprietary
software and consequently the revenue % will increase.
The estimated speed of Mining obtained through our tests varied between 10h/s and
80h/s depending on the device used, without using all the cores available and at a
maximum speed per core of 50%.
In cases where the user chooses to “enjoy” the application with banner ads, the
experience will be the same as the current one. The computing power for mining is not
used. Agreements through third-party networks will allow a faster start of the dual mode
of the Platform.
We mentioned mining pools, because Leviar Platform will act exactly like a pool. All
users who choose to do mining in place of display advertisements will start mining in
the same mining pool, so as to increase computing power and make the Platform's large
machines to find as many blocks as possible.

4

Read the Revenue system sections to better understand how this helps optimize
earnings.
Every “transaction” made on Leviar Platform is recorded on the Ethereum blockchain
and the whole system will be as decentralised as possible thanks to open source nodes.
Plus, using an ERC 223 token (Leviar Platform Tokens), exchangeable on the platform
with XLC coins at the rate of 1:1, users and advertisers can buy additional services and
receive their earnings with a lower fee.

Drive-By Mining
An extract from Malware-Bytes White Paper

“Drive-by download” is a term often used to describe web-based threats when a
computer becomes infected by simply visiting a website, without any other interaction
required.
In their heyday, exploit kits ruled the world of drive-by downloads and were feared by
many, especially as they sometimes used zero-day vulnerabilities that caught software
vendors by surprise, allowing them to infect even the most up-to-date systems. But as
exploit kit activity dwindled, malware authors moved on to other distribution methods,
which meant using more social engineering tricks.

5

Source: McAfee Blogs

Unlike drive-by downloads that push malware, driveby mining focuses on utilizing the
processing power of visitors’ computers to mine cryptocurrency. While both are
automatic and silent processes, the early implementation of the Coinhive API allowed
for abuse by running the code full throttle, therefore maxing out the users’ CPU.

6

Geo-location of clients who accessed mining websites. Source : zscaler.com

Our approach – The differences
The difference in our approach is that although the integration of the Leviar Platform is
simple for developers, end users will be left with the final decision to view
advertisements or take advantage of a small portion of the device's resources and enjoy
the product for free, such as if he had bought it.
In this way, the user gets two benefits:
- Use the application / website without advertising banners/videos
- Avoid being profiled through cookies / other forms of profiling
Furthermore, thanks to our domain / application ownership verification system, we will
have the certainty that our miner cannot be injected into systems that do not have full
control and therefore cannot be exploited as a malware.
The main challenge in this concept (Mining on devices) is technical, hitting the right
balance for the right amount of power dedicated to mining on the user’s device to allow
the user a good experience and earn enough cryptocurrency to make it profitable for
the publisher.
The second challenge is to conceive a mining challenge that is mobile friendly and ASIC
resistant, as power consumption and heating are the most problematic side effect of
mobile mining.

7

Developers could monetize their application using Leviar mining SDK.
The mining code will be embedded into the application and run natively on mobile apps
and into the browser in the case of web apps.
If the user opt-out of the mining experience he will automatically be accepting the
displaying of ads on the app. Those ads will be pulled from Leviar’s Advertising network
partners and a system will be advised to figure the payment structure between the
network and developer without creating another middleman.

Revenue System
There are two different types of earnings:
1. Earnings from the display of advertising banners and video advertising in the app.
2. Earnings from mining by its users.
Usually a media company shares with its customers a figure that varies between 4060% of their earnings from advertisers.
The fee applied by the Leviar Platform is extremely low, 20% The customer will earn
80% of the price paid by the advertisers and 90% of the total obtained through the mining
operations.
Since the earnings can be collected in BTC and ETH, a small fee will be applied (to be
decided yet) for each withdrawal. Because of this, we thought of a system to remove
this additional fee, using Leviar Platform Tokens on the Ethereum network. As a result,
only the network fee (mandatory for each transaction) will be applied.

8

Platform Tokens total supply
On 31th December 2019 a snapshot of the current Leviar blockchain will be done. The
total supply of the new Platform Tokens will be calculated at the time of snapshot.
Blocks generated after the total supply is calculated will not be considered valid for the
conversion XLC to Leviar Platform Tokens.

Technical informations
The platform for integration and management is developed with the latest web
technologies, ensuring an high level of security.
A part of the backend will be managed directly on the blockchain, in order to
decentralize all the exchange operations. By using a metamask wallet, it will be possible
to conclude transactions in a very simple way.
A piece of information relating to users and their payment status is made private and
saved with end-to-end encryption on a relational database.
On the mining side, we will make all the libraries that interface with our miner opensource.
At the moment the technical part concerning the miner remains general, as functions
will be implemented to mine different blockchains and due to its closed-source
component.
The miner will be the fundamental part that will make the libraries work. It will provide
clients with the problem to solve to find the block.
Each client will work on a part of the problem and send its response to the servers, which
will try to find the block. Basically the miner will work exactly like a pool.

9

The client that finds a block is reported to the platform, which once a day will determine
how many blocks have been found by each "developer / app" and decide how much
Leviar platform token to distribute.

10

Roadmap
November 2019
à

Testnet Smart Contract release

December 2019
à

Mainnet Smart Contract release

à

XLC to Leviar Platform Token Exchange available on Platform website

à

XLC to Platform Tokens transition start

Q1 2020
à

Leviar Platform listing on exchanges

à

Pre-subscriptions open for Developers

à

JS Library open beta for Developers

June 2020
à

XLC to Platform Tokens transition end

Q4 2020
à

Proprietary pool mining script

à

Android/iOS Library

à

New JS Library

Q1 2021
à

Stable launch

11

Conclusions
Our core business is to free the internet and our smartphones from wild
advertising
Our development methods will allow developers to choose. In addition to advertising,
they will be able to make money through a sustainable mining system.

Not harming devices, the mining process will not harm devices.
The very nature of library development will make it possible to avoid damaging the
devices, as the computing power will be balanced. It will not be excessive and will not
slow down the devices.
A throttling system will ensure that the library will never use all available and used cores,
they will not be used at 100%

12

Thank You

Connect with Us:
Official Website: https://leviar.io
Documentation: https://docs.leviar.io/
Medium: https://medium.com/@leviarcoin_fdn
Discord: https://discord.gg/RdQzqk2
Twitter: https://twitter.com/leviarcoin_fdn
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Leviarcoin-1693633777611417
Official News channel: https://t.me/Leviarofficialnews
Official English telegram: https://t.me/leviarcoinofficial
Russia telegram: https://t.me/Leviarofficialru
Spanish telegram: https://t.me/Leviarofficialspa
Mining Telegram: https://t.me/Leviarminingofficial

13

