LINKEY
BLOCKCHAIN WORLD BANK

32

2018v1.0

WHITEPAPER

Content
1. Abstract.......................................................................................................... 3
2. Background................................................................................................... 4
2.1 Development of Digital Currency.................................................... 4
2.2 Problems of Digital Currency Investment...................................... 5
2.3 Vision of LINKEY................................................................................. 10
3. LINKEY.......................................................................................................... 11
3.1 Decentralized Digital Asset Financial Platform.......................... 13
3.2 Professional Digital Asset Investment Services......................... 26
3.3 Intelligent Financial Community for Digital Asset.................... 31
3.4 System Architecture........................................................................... 35
4. Road Map.................................................................................................... 38
5.

Disclaimer.................................................................................................... 39

1. Abstract
Linkey Blockchain World Bank (simple as Linkey), is the first
decentralized financial services institution supplies professional digital
asset related product in the world. Based on the advanced public chain
and community of technicians and financial elites from the world, Linkey
provides comprehensive, safe, convenient and professional asset
management and value-added services to customers. Linkey covers the
business scope like savings, investment banking, insurance trust, futures,
investment management and wealth management of the digital asset
area and promotes the development of digital asset investment.
With abundant digital financial services, Linkey provides a safe,
convenient and decentralized one-stop digital asset investment
management program. Customers can join the lower risk business, like
saving and deposit in traditional bank; otherwise, customers can also
invest financial products with low to medium level risk; even more, future
products, private funds and ICO related products with high risk and
profits are also supplied to customers. Through the comprehensive
digital asset investing services, customers can choose and allocate their
digital asset investment plan freely, which will greatly enhance the
professional and effectiveness of their digital asset investment.

Fig1. Diagram of Linkey’s Financial Ecology

2. Background
2.1 Development of Digital Asset
The concept of block chain was firstly introduced by Satoshi
Nakamoto when his article titled Bitcoin: A Peer to Peer Electronic Cash

System was published in 2008. Soon in January 2009, he discovered the
founding block with the first version of the software which included this
idea: “The Times 03/Jan/2009 Chancellor on brink of second bailout for
banks.” Like the charm, this idea opened the era of block chain and
digital asset.
Thanks to the huge development prospects of block chain
technology, it has gained popular attention and support. As a basic
support technology, block chain gradually became independent and has
been applied to a variety of scenarios, i.e., the emergence of a variety of
digital asset based on this concept (such as Litecoin, dog coins, Swiss

coins, etc.). at the same time, all kinds of general / Professional
public-linked platforms (such as Ethereum, NEO, IPFS, etc.) also
developed rapidly.
Currently, projects based on block chain technology have evolved
from the initial digital asset to finance, development tools, storage,
transactions, data, environmental protection and even artificial
intelligence. Deloitte's latest report shows that the total number of block
chain projects in the world has exceeded 90,000, but there are still a lot
of issues in the vertical area that need to be brought to light by block
chain technology.

2.2 Problems of Digital Asset Investment
Despite the growth of block chain technology in the number of
projects that have sprung up and the fact that it is still at a rapid
development stage, various issues in the block chain field have been
exposed along with its high-speed brutal growth, such as the fraud of
ICO（which is the short form of initial coin offering）and various types of
false projects. Great damage has been done to the growing digital asset
market, which has deeply disturbed the future of the block chain and the
upcoming investors.

Fig.2. The Status of Blockchain Development
2.2.1 Digital Asset Investment with High Risk
Since the block chain has not yet been supervised (its technical
features are also designed to reduce supervision), the ICO of block chain
project also walks away from existing laws and regulations. Without any
restrictions, ICO of the block chain project can only rely on the
self-discipline of the project party. Unfortunately, human nature is
always flawed and it is unrealistic to be self-discipline under no
regulatory supervision. The bottomless expropriation status of block
chain field is revealed by various running away with money activity and
valueless virtual coins publishing in numerous block chain projects.
In addition to the chaotic financing, block chain projects generally
issue tokens. After the soaring of bitcoin, the digital asset market is
advocated to have hundreds of earnings. But the reality is cruel. Bitcoin
has plummeted after soaring. Explosive appreciation is hard to see in
today's world. Instead, after the tokens passed ICO and can be

transacted, the projects party pulled up the price intentionally for
cashing and then leaf, without any responsibility for the token holders or
the projects.
Although there are also high-quality and responsible projects that
continue to push forward the development of the block chain, overall,
the current digital asset market is extremely turbulent, and the return on
ordinary investors is not high while the risk is infinite.

2.2.2 Participants Lack of Knowledge
The lack of supervision lies not only in block chain projects, but also
in the entire digital asset market, where investors receive only simple
identity audits. This is a KYC (Know Your Customer) which has no
substantive significance. The almost unlimited access mechanism allows
a large number of groups with no risk management awareness or even
investment experience. Joining the crisis in the digital asset market, most
of the existing investors are unable to identify and analyze the
authenticity and prospect of the block chain project.
However, not only are individual investors unprofessional in the
digital asset market, even traditional financial practitioners cannot be
described as professional because the conventional assessment

indicators and quantitative strategies are often ineffective here due to
the emerging and specific nature of the block chain field.
The group of investors with extremely low average professionalism is
one of the main reasons for the chaos in the current block chain field.

2.2.3 High Cost for Individual Investors
Apart from the risk of the market itself, the most important thing is to
decentralize in the block chain design. This design takes into account the
cost of the contract execution, which is the transfer fee. In the early days,
fees were almost negligible when the value of a single digital asset was
not high. However, when the price of digital currencies (such as bitcoin)
soared, the original transfer fees would inflate into considerable
transaction costs. The rising transaction costs greatly limit the freedom
of participants in personal digital asset market to trade. At the same time,
the original important application scenario of digital asset—payment,
has also been greatly constrained, even to the point where it cannot be
done without modifying the rules, and these will further restrict the
development of the block chain industry.

2.2.4 Difficult for appreciation on High Volume Digital
Currency Asset
After explosive growth, the digital asset market is still on a smaller
scale compared to the traditional financial markets. At the same time,
because of the immense ICO generates a large number of tokens, most
of the funds are distracted by them. Due to the lack of fast and stable
circulation channels, the entire digital asset market can't develop to a
certain depth. High volume digital asset assets cannot be quickly
transferred and realize value increasing. If one wants to transfer high
volume digital asset assets without significant impact on the market,
he/she needs to conduct long-term trading operations, which is very
difficult for investors to accept and at the same time constricted the
appreciation of high volume assets in the currency market.

2.2.5 Lack of Investment Channel
The holders of digital asset assets have very limited investment
channels, and they are often exposed only to the extreme risky ICO and
currency speculation in the exchange. How to connect the digital asset
with the real economy is a problem that has been explored in the block
chain industry. Although a lot of innovations and attempts have been
made, it is still difficult for individual investors to have access to new

investment channels until the potential risks brought by decentralization
are completely detected and controlled.
The scarcity of investment scenarios traps the unprofessional
investors in the crippling digital asset market, which severely reduces the
life cycle of investors. The return chance of investors is very small.
Potential new investors become conservative and hesitate. The shrinking
trading market eventually brought about a negative impact on the
development of the block chain industry.

2.3 Vision of LINKEY
Linkey's mission is to bring appropriate digital asset financial
products and services to all investors through block chain technology
and professional communities, to explore and build a decentralized
stable digital asset financial ecology through block chain technology and
to protect and guide block chain investors to avoid risks and realize asset
appreciation, and ultimately to help to change the chaos of the block
chain industry and digital asset market.
Linkey will greatly enhance the professional level of investment in the
existing digital asset market. Through a series of smart contract-based
financial products and smart financial community services, Linkey
investors are no longer fully exposed to risks. What's more, it also

provides better investment, circulation, and inheritance channels for
digital asset assets. In return, the Linkey investors who get profits will
also feedback the society, which can create a virtuous cycle financial
ecology. Linkey is also a very innovative system which will not stick to the
existing product and service design in the future. It embraces all
innovations that are beneficial to the development of investors and
blockchains, and continues to enhance and stabilize its professionalism,
authority and influence in the digital asset market.

3. LINKEY
Since bitcoin, a block chain-based digital asset appeared, people
have kept innovating the application scenarios for block chains. Various
block chain projects have mushroomed from the initial decentralized
currency to applications for specific scenarios, i.e., high level ETHLend for
borrowing, IPFS for storage and underlying public-linked R&D such as
Ethereum, NEO. The ICO and block chain division mechanism has
brought great convenience to the financing of block chain projects and
the participation of ordinary people. Before this, the soaring prices of
digital currencies attracted a large number of people who are optimistic
about the future of the block chain and to participate in this feast.
It's a pity that after explosive growth the digital asset world has
begun to cool at this time. Various types of valueless currency projects

have greatly hurt investors. Countries in the world have begun to notice
the craziness of blockchains and started to take regulatory measures.
The original bright blockchain becomes extremely dangerous now and
may eat up all the wealth of investors. As a result, these negative
environmental changes are killing investors' enthusiasm and confidence
in the blockchain.
Although the current block chain is in chaos, this does not change
the fact that block chain has great development prospects.
Decentralization and digital asset in the future will once again greatly
liberate people's productivity. Based on this, we can assert that block
chain and digital asset have continuous and strong investment value
now and in the future, although it is no longer an era of gold.
Linkey is a shining light in this troubled world of block chains for
investors to explore the value of the road and to guide the confused
digital asset investment. By building its own block chain financial
platform and integrating a series of financial services, Linkey has built a
stable digital asset ecosystem that integrates the wisdom of the
community in which Linkey investors will no longer be directly exposed
to block chain investment risks and provide them with the urgently
needed digital asset enhancement services. Using its tokens as the
subject, Linkey provides digital asset services by digital currencies to

circumvent the regulatory risks of governments from all over the world,
which allows itself to implement its own philosophy without worrying
and to bring maximum value to investors.
Next, we will introduce Linkey in more detail from two perspectives:
decentralized digital asset financial platforms and professional digital
asset investment service agencies.

3.1 Decentralized Digital Asset Financial Platform
For traditional financial institutions, the financial products they
design and provide often fail to maximize the interests of investors due
to the influence of centralized policies and the will of the leadership. At
the same time, in the activities of traditional financial institutions,
investors' funds must be escrowed by third parties and pay high hosting
costs for this purpose due to regulatory needs. Relying on block chain
technology, the Linkey platform will no longer require third-party funds
for supervision. This advantage allows Linkey to reduce indirect expenses
when it conducts financial activities, allowing investors to obtain greater
returns.
Decentralization allows investors to have the opportunity to
participate in financial product design. Linkey can consider more for
investors when designing its own financial products. At present, we are

planning investment products with different levels of risk, bringing rich
choices to investors with different risk preferences. Our products are
divided into three major categories: low-risk savings and payments,
medium-risk insurance and funds, and high-risk futures and options.

3.1.1 Saving and Payment Method
3.1.1.1 Savings: With Idle Money, Many Littles Makes A Mickle
No wallet or exchange had promised that the deposits of investors
generate interests before Linkey. The appreciation of investors' digital
assets was merely realized through transactions or investment. The
tremendous risks of the digital asset market, however, may lead to
incredible loss even if investors are involved. It was a matter of luck
whether the digital asset assets of an investor appreciate or depreciate if
the investor did not engage in transactions. The external impact and
earnings would also be zero since the assets were idle in the investor's
personal account, which would be a great waste of such a resource.
In Linkey, the Linkey Coins of an investor deposited in the platform
are managed by the community. Such community acts like the bank
which absorbs idle coins in the platform to offer loans internally, or
exchange them into ETHs according to current exchange rate and invest
in legally permitted aspects outside. In comparison with regular investors

and their small-amount investments, the professional investors of the
platform and their large-amount investments have more stable
profitability and stronger size effect. Most investment incomes will be
returned to investors as interests, and the remaining will be used as the
operational and reserve funds of the community.
People around the world all have easy access to Linkey Coins, which
means that Linkey Coins can be invested in any place where they are
trusted and their values are recognized. Decentralized investment may
become free from geopolitics and focus on looking for and studying
valuable investment opportunities.

3.1.1.2 Payment: The Continuous Source of Energy for Linkey
Cash flow is extremely important for anyone who wishes to have
more dynamic digital asset, and payment transaction serves as one of
the core elements that enable rapid capital movement. As a result, not
only is the Linkey platform capable of raising and circulating idle funds
like what banks do, the settlement function that guarantees the energy
of digital asset is also greatly supported. Investors may swipe their cards
to make transactions with merchants who accept Linkey Coins or ETH
payment. To ensure transaction rate, Lightning Network is introduced to
the Linkey platform to support high concurrency scenarios. Known as a
decentralized currency, there will be no price problems resulted from

exchange rate wherever an investor makes a payment in the world with
Linkey Coins. Meanwhile, no extra fees will be charged for such
settlement so that investors will be free from the concern of paying high
service charge for small-amount payment.
Saving and payment not only solve the issue of idle digital asset, but
also provides continuous and brisk demand for Linkey Coins.

3.1.2 Insurance and Capital Fund
3.1.2.1 Insurance: Making digital asset A Shield
For investors, digital asset is a double-edged sword for them to
struggle against others in the capital market of digital asset as they hold
their assets today. It brings significant returns, and it brings incredible
losses too. Traditional insurance business finds it difficult to provide
regular services for digital asset assets and owners because of the
particularity of digital asset and its highly undulant market whether from
the perspectives of benefits or supervision.
A digital asset-based insurance is designed by Linkey platform from
the perspectives of capital financing and risk management in order to
increase the use values of digital asset assets. The community will design
the following but not limited to products such as personal insurance,
property insurance, liability insurance, and credit and guarantee

insurance, entirely covering the complicated insurance needs of digital
asset investors.
The insurance products of Linkey will be completely based on the
construction of block chain: Customer information is stored with IPFS
service, and smart contract is employed to construct a brand new
insurance service system. Thanks to the block chain technology, the
insurance models of Linkey will be completely different from traditional
ones：
1. Decentralization indicates that the insurance businesses of Linkey
are not produced for lucrative purposes. The adjustments of each
cash pooling for claims are accessible to each policy holder so that
they may intuitionistically analyze the risk levels of insurance
products;
2. Decentralization also opens the insurance products of Linkey to
investors around the world. The capacious sales channels mean
that Linkey will have enormous cash pooling for claims to provide
strong safeguard for policy holders as long as the products are
reasonably designed;
3. For customers, insurance products are shifting from absolutely
centralized and spatially anchored patterns to point-to-point
products, so that the claims can be automatically paid from the

cash pooling by the smart contract as long as the claim conditions
in the contract are triggered regardless of time or wherever you
are;
4. With IPFS, the storage and archiving range of policy holders’
information can be expanded by Linkey, including but not limited
to accidents, health data entries, routine data and relevant
certifications. Customer data that can never be lost or tampered
will provide reliable applications that are independent from
third-party supervision such as identity recognition, privacy and
security for the insurance businesses of digital asset, so that the
risks of insurance fraud in Linkey platform can be greatly
decreased.
The insurance businesses of Linkey serve as the protective shield for
digital asset assets which are only invasive. With Linkey insurance
products, a shield that is originated from digital asset assets themselves
is provided as investors fight in the fierce market.

3.1.2.2 Fund: Professional Value Appreciation for Investors
Most investors entered the market and are involved in the exchange
due to the tempting handsome profit and demonstration effect because
of the lack of access system for investors in the digital asset market. They
are ill-informed of the basic knowledge and operational laws of the

market. Now that the explosive growth is a bygone and risks are
becoming increasingly higher, investors who have no abilities and
energy to control risks are almost lamb to the slaughterhouse.
Linkey gathers the wisdom of elite fund managers of the community
and provides investment options with higher returns yet lower risks in
comparison with savings for investors and designs professional digital
asset fund products for them. The all-weather digital asset market and
Linkey platform without any geographic limitations provide immense
transaction space and customer groups for Linkey funds,and they will
obtain a Sharp Ratio that is far higher than that of individual investors
due to size effect.
The volume of funds in Linkey platform will be much smaller than the
volume of savings, hence more flexible management ways, and higher
tolerance against risks. Investors can garner more benefits in high-risk
transactions. All these fund-based activities will be organized and
planned by the fund elites of Linkey community who guarantee to
provide the most professional fund management for investors. Lastly,
the funds raised by Linkey platform will be managed by block chain in
trust, avoiding unnecessary oversight fees for investors and maximizing
their gains.

3.1.3 Futures and Options：Let Risk Manage Risk
At the moment, the value of digital asset is not so much related to its
corresponding products and teams because of the participation of an
unprecedented scale of speculators. What’s more, the currency value of
certain teams keeps dropping simply because they are working hard in
their products while the currency value of some “air projects” keep
increasing because of capital speculation.
High-quality project resource is always scarce in spite of a chaotic
market. Scarceness leads to options, and options lead to costs and risks.
Given the circumstance that there aren’t too many high-quality digital
asset derivatives, even the best investors cannot make the most precise
decisions because the future is unpredictable and everyone is exposed to
risks.
Futures and share options are the most needed financial derivatives
in today’s digital asset market because of the following reasons：
1. 1. With the futures transaction of digital asset, the open biddings
of different investors towards futures contract may effectively
reflect the expectation of the investors about the project. Also,
investors can constantly adjust their opinions about how they
used to view the project development with the successive sales of

standard contracts so that the futures price of digital asset can
dynamically reflect the changes of the project development. Such
dynamic price discovery and pre-adjustment mechanisms can
provide reasonable basis for the project leader to make
development decisions. With the price discovery function, the
development and competition of the project can be promoted, the
fluctuation of digital asset can be effectively alleviated, and the
currency price can better conform with the expectation of project
development;
2. Even though futures are able to stabilize the market to a certain
extent, Linkey still believes that the market is in need of perfect
options transaction as a counterbalance mechanism so that the
market can be further stabilized. One of the features of options is
being optional, so that you would earn much when you choose
right and wouldn’t loss heavily the other way around, which is
different from futures, because you don’t have to execute your
rights. With the existence of so many options investors known as
volatile arbitragers, the volatility of the market will be suppressed.
Linkey is designing the transaction functions of futures and options in
order to further stabilize the financial market of digital asset and make
the currency price more reasonable and predictable：

1. Linkey develops standard contracts with the standards for digital
asset futures developed by the community (including currency
type, quality, quantity and price etc.) by establishing a self-owned
futures market, so that shoddy behaviors in today’s market can
be effectively avoided and the quality of transactions can be
improved, and the transaction cost can be reduced. The contract
performance of all trading parties can be better guaranteed as
Linkey establishes a margin system, an initial margin to be paid,
maintenance marginal requirements, and it lowers the probability
of violation by increasing violation costs.
2. The contract of digital asset futures is seen as the subject matter of
options, and the American style option is adopted for rights
exercising, namely the buyer may exercise the rights at the date of
contract expiration or any trading day before. Linkey has designed
rules and regulations according to international practices while its
own risk-control system is maintained such as real-value option
contract may automatically apply for rights exercising at the date
of expiration, the rights exercising matching principle that is
randomly and evenly extracted, capital and positions inspection
before rights exercising, hedge choice such as two-way positions
of options as well as futures positions after the rights exercising of
options.

Based on community research, Linkey will gradually open the
transaction of futures and options of digital asset that are deemed
qualified. When the market of the futures and options of digital asset of
Linkey matures, it may provide additional help to stabilize the digital
asset market.

3.1.4 Asset Trust Based on Blockchain
In traditional asset trust, the asset trustee accepts the entrustment of
an investor and takes care of the assets, and provides relevant financial
services such as investment liquidation, financial accounting, asset
valuation, investment supervision, information disclosure and account
checking etc. The main steps of asset trust include signing a trusteeship
contract, opening an account, valuating the value, liquidating the capital,
supervising the investment, disclosing information and checking the
account. The process is fairly complicated and involves a high degree of
manual participation. The main risks of asset trust include legal risks,
operational risks and reputational risks.
The consortium block chain is used as the model for Linkey to realize
the online signing of trusteeship contract, operate the asset according to
the indexes of investment supervision, control and follow the smart
contract process of trusted assets, valuate data storage and update
structuralization and automation processes, so that entire process

starting from asset issuing, trading, trust, circulation to supervision can
be based on block chain. The specific design is shown as follows：
1. Linkey divides the nodes of block chain into the following types,
including asset manager, asset trust, exchange and registration
and clearing company (any third-party information provided is
classified as this type) as well as supervisor;
2. As for data security, each node shall encrypt the transactions with
the public key of the receiver (mostly the asset trustee) when
sending transactions and sign them with private key of the sender.
3. As for business process reengineering, the most complicated
process out of all asset trust business processes would be
valuation of the trusted products because the accounting subjects
and titles of trusted products can be updated in each valuation. As
a result, the data logging in each block shall be upgraded;
4. The accounting subjects and titles shall be upgraded with the
staging tree of ETH.
5. As for the consensus mechanism, the bookkeeping of asset trust at
the trustees shall be kept as the asset trustee. In view of business
continuity, the blocks of the block chain of asset trust business
shall still remain the node known as the asset trustee. So, which
asset trustee may generate block? We may develop selection

algorithm and consensus mechanism according to the status quo
of the business.
6. As for the use of smart contract, the open-source ETH block chain
platform can be chosen as the technological platform in view of
the development status quo of block chain technology and the
implementing efficiency as the block chain of asset trust business,
and block chain can be technologically modified according to the
needs of business. The contracts and agreements, and even the
transactions and information disclosure can be done online,
automated and intelligentized among consignors, managers and
trustees with smart contract.
The manual cost and procedures for digital asset trust are greatly
reduced by Linkey with block chain, bringing convenience and reducing
cost for the asset trust activities of investors.

Fig.3. Procedures of Linkey's asset trust

3.2 Professional Digital Asset Investment Services
Digital asset market is very similar to the traditional financial market
in terms of investor types, which consist of a large number of individual
investors and institutional investors. Linkey's financial trading platform
satisfies the needs of individual investors, but individual investors require
more because they have larger funds and need more professional and
customized services.
In order to fully cover the trading subjects of digital asset market,
Linkey provides financial services of such market for institutional
investors, including consultant and sale for ICO and private fund.

3.2.1 Consultant and Sale for ICO
Since it comes into being, block chain has developed its own unique
financing way: whitepaper. However, due to the growth of participants
and the disturbance of air projects, the financing of block chain projects
has entered a white-hot stage, and the whitepaper alone cannot make
the project stand out in the fierce competition. A good project requires
more than a white paper before its successful ICO. Generally speaking, in
the case that the sponsor is not familiar with the digital asset market, if it
wants to sell its currency, it will take a lot of human and financial
resources. If the currency does not sell well, it will affect the project's

fund arrangement plans. Especially, most of the sponsors are start-ups,
and they do not have sufficient funds to engage in such work. Besides,
although many institutions provide ICO consignment services, due to
lack of efficient supervision, sometimes they just disappear, which
severely affects the sponsor's reputation and the ICO results.
In order to alleviate the dilemmas of block chain project financing,
based on community intelligence, Linkey provides ICO consulting and
sales services in the digital asset market. Linkey can provide a complete
set of ICO solutions to premium sponsors：
1. Research report and feasibility analysis report for
technology/market segmentation;
2. Professional technology/business audit and whitepaper compiling;
3. Promotion and sales: four common cooperation ways: exclusive
sales, tender for purchase, sales by proxy and sponsorship &
marketing;
4. Finance design: including financial audit, financial system design,
and internal financial control;
5. Project compliance: Clarifying historical evolution and ensuring
that everything is in line with the laws and regulations of the
competent region.

Benefiting from Linkey's professional ICO services, block chain
sponsors can focus on technological and business innovations and will
not be troubled by project running and financing issues, thus
accelerating the development of block chain. In the meantime, Linkey
not only serve for the sponsors, but also offers valuable reference for
ordinary digital asset investors based on its intelligent financial
communities' selection of projects

3.2.2 Private Fund
As for professional asset management, Linkey launches a fund for all
investors, which belongs to public placement. Similar to the traditional
financial market, the digital asset market has investors with different
anti-risk ability and value. Among them, high-net-worth investors with
high anti-risk ability are a core target group of Linkey services.
Based on community voting, outstanding fund managers are
selected to form the digital asset Private Fund Division in the Linkey's
intelligent financial community, who are responsible for designing new
digital-currency private funds. As private funds own more specific target
investors, Linkey team will probably customize investment service
products for customers so that the risks and gains of the portfolios will
satisfy the customers' special investment requirements.

Similar to the traditional private funds, Linkey Private Fund also has
some entry and exit limits, as shown below：
1. Limited by the fund size and investor quantity, Linkey private fund
has a threshold Linkey Coins to isolate ordinary investors with
weak risk tolerance. With the increase of Linkey's ecological
inflation, future private funds may have higher thresholds;
2. Linkey private fund has at least one-year lockup period during
which the investors cannot withdraw capital arbitrarily. If they want
to do so, they shall follow the contract clauses to ensure the
stability and fluidity of the capital. If encountering such investors,
Linkey can effectively restrict their short-sighted behavior.
Compared to Linkey Public Fund, Linkey Private Fund can offer the
following benefits for high-net-worth investors：
1. Through the lockup period, private fund manager boasts more
authority in managing private funds compared to public funds and
achieves more flexible investment management during such
period. They do not have to prepare some money in a current
account in response to the customers' redemption of public funds.
In this way, the overall investment gains of the funds are increased;

2. Private fund boasts higher entry threshold and more reasonable
investors. Their partnership can effectively reduce the fluidity risk
of the private fund, and bring more benefits to the investors;
3. Private fund boasts simple structure and flexible operation
mechanism, and owns more freedom in terms of daily
management and investment decision-making;
4. Private fund generally employs financial leverage, which reaches
up to several times or even dozens of times. In special
circumstances, the leverage will be higher. Through such operation,
the capital size can be largely expanded so as to break through the
limitations of insufficient investment capital and acquire more
benefits.
Therefore, Linkey's financial services have basically covered current
investors of digital asset markets and met their needs. Yet, this is just a
beginning. In the future, Linkey will follow the development of digital
asset market and develop more financial products and services in line
with the needs of digital asset market so as to better serve the investors
of Linkey financial ecosystem and create more value for them.

Diagram of advantages of Linkey Private Fund

3.3 Intelligent Financial Community for Digital Asset
Intelligent Financial Community is a core part of Linkey, which is
operated based on block chain to serve for the planning, design and
implementation of all Linkey products.
Linkey Intelligent Financial Community mainly consists of financial
elites from all over the world. It also welcomes the participation of
outstanding talents from all industries. Linkey considers that, a
community is an embracing land that incorporates all kinds of talents.
The community intelligence is not only reflected in the depth of finance,
but also in its breath. Only in this way can the community stand fast in
the changing digital assetmarket.
Linkey Intelligent Financial Community sets up branches on the basis
of its financial eco-business. The rotating chairman mechanism is

adopted in the management, while an oblate structure is utilized within
the branches. Thus, the community will become more flexible, agile and
innovative; its executive force and efficiency can be increased, and its
instruction flow complexity can be reduced.

3.3.1 Community Access System
Linkey Intelligent Financial Community has a huge demand for
talents. At the very beginning, the sponsor and the financial experts will
be the first batch of community members. In order to guarantee the
quality of the community, the candidate recommendation system and
voting access system will be adopted. If recommended by a community
member, a candidate will be included on the voting list. Later, other
randomly-selected community members will vote for/against the
candidate. After winning a certain number of votes, the candidate will be
allowed to officially join in the Linkey Intelligent Financial Community.

3.3.2 LINKEY Token
Linkey, as a blockchain financial service institution, is publishing our
own public chain to implement the core of decentralize. The linkey chain
is fully design, implement and optimize for financial services usage. The
token of Linkey is named as Linkey and symbolled as LKY. It is a native
generated token of Linkey, which is specially designed for Linkey

blockchain network and services to integrate related resources, maintain
the operation of intelligent financial community and support the
distributed applications and transactions on Linkey platform.
The original Linkey token will be issued as ERC-20 standard token
based on Ethereum network. After the release of the stable publish chain,
all the original Linkey ERC-20 standard token will be exchanged to the
new Linkey token, LKY, in a 1:1 ratio. All the corresponding value and
rights of Linkey will transfer to the new token.
LKY will be used for the following purposes：
1. Rewards to the computation contributors to maintain the
functionality and stability of the Linkey blockchain network.
Computation contribution includes: nodes in Linkey blockchain
network, transaction verification and smart Intelligent contract
execution.
2. Construct a relatively stable Linkey financial ecosystem. Through
the floating mechanism of the exchange rate set by the smart
financial community, reducing the fluctuation of the token and the
credit risk of Linkey financial ecosystem, provides a relatively safe
investment port to investors. In addition, having a stable
benchmark value makes LKY more applicable to real economy, and
finally connect the Linkey ecosystem to real economy.

3. LKY is the proof of stake in Linkey ecology, it can not only bring
stable platform benefits (ex. Interest of savings after the proper
banking product release) to the investors who hold it, but also a
voting interest for investors to participate in the development of
Linkey ecology, financial products, implementation of customized
services and community membership. The community decision
voting mechanism is not fixed, start with the LKY/10 rule. The
change of voting decision should be initiated by the community
and contributors, triggering an external vote when the voting
quota exceeded 75% of the total number of community and
contributors. During the public voting under the voting rule
generated from community, the first voting rule will replace the
old one. In addition to the voting of development of Linkey
ecology, LKY can also use for product launch voting.
4. Rewards for other non-community members, such as Linkey
volunteers, winner of competition and others.
Linkey token, LKY, will be issued a finite number, totaling 0.195 billi
on globally,50 million initially,and the Convertibility ratio is 1ETH=40
00LKY,And the allocation plan is as follow:



Private Coin Offering：40%



Mining：20%



Team：19.5%



Technology Rewards：10.5%



Community Rewards：10%



Issue plan：50 million in advance circulation, 10 million released
every six months and totally released in seven years,the first
release time is June , 2018.

3.4 System Architecture
3.4.1 Architecture Introduction

The whole Linkey platform is constructed by following level:
Application Level, Interface Level, Business Service Level and
Infrastructure Level. In application level, the frontend of platform and
Dapps will be hold; Interface level is providing service interfaces,
including but not limited to API, RPC, SDK etc, it helps the platform and
third parties to implement more services to customers; business service

level is the place where holding the core services and functionalities of
platform; and infrastructure level supports the whole platform and
implemented by blockchain technology.

In the infrastructure level, couples of technologies are used. First, two
set of blockchain technologies are involved, public blockchain and
private blockchain, and used in different scenarios. Most functionalities
of Linkey will be run on public chain, and all the data on it will be public.
And private blockchain is operated by large institutions and Linkey to
store the private related information. Both of the data storage function
in public and private blockchain will be implemented by IPFS, and public
blockchain will use DPOS to ensure the stability and correctness.
fIn public blockchain, transactions, storage and broadcast can be
operated directly by users. All the related data and records can be
verified on public blockchain. But some functions need public blockchain
and private blockchain to work together, like Smart Financial Contract
and other operations. For instance, when create a smart contract, it can
be created on public blockchain like the contract creation on Ethereum

network, but also can create smart contract with some private data for
some specific scenarios like mortgage contract, insurance contract and
etc.

The creation of smart contract with private information is described
as following. When publish a specific smart contract, the contract will be
published on public blockchain without private information, meanwhile
the private blockchain will mark and authorize the related private data
with the corresponding contract. Once the contract being triggered,
contract and data in public blockchain and private blockchain will be
merged together and transfer to proper institution to be executed.
During the start to the end of the process, only the participants in the
contract and proper authorized organization can access the whole
information of the contract.

3.4.2 Innovations
Based on the design of combination of public blockchain and private
blockchain, more systems and products in current financial system can

be blockchained, such as the creation, operation and redemption of
funds. With the protection of private data and supervision of authorities,
all the operations can be running properly automatically and fully
recorded. It also helps Linkey to implement more financial products.

4. Road Map
Based on the existing resources, the road map of Linkey is planned as
following:

Q1 2018
PCO（Private Coin Offering）TIER
ONE

Q2

2018

The first version of functional
Website launches

Q3—Q4

2018

Fund Business in Private
Blockchain

Q1—Q2

2019

Expand Investing Services

Q3—Q4

2019

Alpha Version of Public and
Private Blockchain launch

Q1—Q2

2020

Beta Version of Public and Private
Blockchain launch

Q3—Q4

2020

Financial Platform and Community
Platform Launch

5.Disclaimer
This is a conceptual file ('white paper') that used to describe our
Linkey Platform and related token. This file maybe amended or replaced
at any time without notification. Linkey team has no obligation to update
the file or supply extra information to readers of this file.
LKY tokens are not intended to constitute securities or any other
regulated product in any jurisdiction. This file does not constitute a
prospectus nor offer document of any sort and is not intended to
constitute an offer or solicitation of securities or any regulated product
in any jurisdiction. This file has not been reviewed by any regulatory
authority in any jurisdiction.
*Linkey (“Foundation & Ltd”) does not accept liability for our
website, roadmap and whitepaper being accurate, complete or
up-to-date or for its content nor is it responsible for direct, indirect,

incidental or consequential damages resulting from any defect, error or
failure to perform.
Company’s website, roadmap and white paper contain
forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and
assumptions. If such risks or uncertainties materialize or such
assumptions prove incorrect, the results of this company and its
projections may differ materially from those expressed or implied by
such forward-looking statements and assumptions. All statements other
than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed
forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements of
the plans, projected timelines, strategies and objectives of management
for future operations; any statements concerning expected development,
performance and services; anticipated operational and financial results;
any statements of expectation or belief; project timelines and any
statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Risks,
uncertainties and assumptions include the achievement of expected
results and meeting projected timelines described from time to time in
quarterly timeline. The Company without assuming any liability or
responsibility may at any time in its complete discretion may decide to
alter or modify the Company’s objectives and/or strategies, projected
timelines, or cease its operation altogether. The Company assumes no

obligation and may update these forward-looking statements and
projected timelines as and when required.
The website, roadmap and whitepaper are intended solely for
information purposes and are not to be construed, under any
circumstances, by implication or otherwise, as an offer to sell or a
solicitation to buy or sell or trade in any commodities, securities, or
currencies. Information is obtained from sources believed to be reliable
but is in no way guaranteed. No guarantee of any kind is implied or
possible where projections of future are attempted.
You must take all necessary professional advice, including in
relation to tax and accounting treatment. We hope the LKY project
will be highly successful. However, success is not guaranteed and
digital assets and platforms involve risk. You must assess the risk and
your ability to bear them.

