Network of Networks
Liquidity Provider

White Paper_en
V.1.3.7.
(May be Revised)
Nov. 19, 2017

ICO : WHITE PAPER

CONTENTS

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

1.

1

1.1.

INTRODUCTION

VISION : NEXT GENERATION, BLOCKCHAIN

3

1.2.

BACKGROUND : ABOUT BLOCKCHAIN

4

1.3.

RECENT LEGAL ISSUES

8

2.

2.1.

LINKER COIN

NETWORK OF NETWORKS

10

2.2.

ERC223 PROTOCOL

11

2.3

COMPLIANCE

12

3.

3.1.

LINKER TO VARIOUS INDUSTRIES

LINKER TO SOCIAL NETWORK

13

3.2.

LINKER TO HEALTHCARE

13

3.3.

LINKER TO ESPORTS

14

3.4.

LINKER TO ENTERTAINMENT

14

3.5.

LINKER TO JOB MARKET

14

4.

4.1.

LINKER COIN ARCHITECTURE

INTRODUCTION

16

4.2.

NETWORK OF NETWORKS

17

4.3.

LINKER TO CRYPTO-CURRENCY NETWORK

17

4.4.

LINKER TO REAL NETWORK

24

4.5.

CENTRALIZED EXCHANGES FOR LINKER COIN

25

3

10

13

16

ICO : WHITE PAPER

4.6.

ESTABLISHING AN EXCHANGE

26

4.7.

CRYPTOCURRENCY LEVERAGED INDEX SERIES

29

6.

LNC TOKEN INFORMATION

FOR CRYPTOCURRENCY-BASED DERIVATIVE

ROADMAP

30

6.1.

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION

32

6.2.

SAFE DEPOSIT OF COIN

32

6.3.

EXPENSE DISTRIBUTION

32

6.4.

ICO SCHEDULE

33

6.5.

IMPORTANT NOTIFICATION ABOUT ICO PARTICIPATION

35

5.

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

REFERENCES

2

32

36

ICO : WHITE PAPER

1. INTR ODUCTIO N
1.1.

VISION: NEXT GENERATION, BLOCKCHAIN
Futurist Alvin Toffler proposed sea changes in society based around adaption of new

technologies. The 1st wave is the agricultural revolution; the 2nd wave is the industrial
revolution; and the 3rd wave is the information revolution. We are currently seeing the

culmination of the 3rd wave, perhaps even a 4th wave, as distributed networks fundamentally
alter the way people earn a living, learn about the world, and form social bonds.

One of these distributed networks reshaping the world of finance and financial technology

fields is the ‘Blockchain’. Blockchain technology is the underpinning of ‘Bitcoin’, a cryptocurrency developed by unknown programmer Satoshi Nakamoto. The revolutionary feature

of crypto-currencies is that they are not controlled by any governments or centralizing
organizations.

The crypto-currency is decentralized currency; therefore, the radical problem of fiat-currency
which centralized by the government has been removed.

Before the epidemic of ‘Bitcoin Fever’, related technology developers attempted to build
and to commercialize crypto-currencies, but commercializing the crypto-currency was
unsuccessful. To be acknowledged as a currency, the developed currency must be used by

a vast number of people, but crypto-currency could not obtain enough attention from the
public. Meanwhile the fiat-currency values have faltered by the sequence of adverse events.

The public shifted their interest toward the ‘decentralized currency’. Bitcoin distinguishes from
the fiat currency with three features: decentralized currency, high transparency, and safe from
hacking.

The implementation of the blockchain in Bitcoin achieved decentralization with safety

and transparency. The rapid adoption of Bitcoin, even to the point of a ‘Bitcoin fever’, has

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

shown the global appetite for a decentralized currency, and the new launched ICOs show the
robustness of both the business models and technologies in a blockchain.

Since the first blockchain is created by Satoshi Nakamoto in August of 2014, Bitcoin creates a

new block every ten minutes. The blockchain has distinguishing features such as P2P (peer-topeer) network, consensus algorithm, hash function, etc. At its heart the blockchain is a ledger

kept up-to-date by the community who use it. Every time new transactions are recorded
they are appended to the end of the blockchain, and the ledger continues to grow. Through

these features the blockchain technology has been acknowledged to be the most innovative
technology which will lead us to another stage of future technology.

The decentralized ledger structure of the blockchain: 1) is safe from counterfeiting; 2) is
3

ICO : WHITE PAPER

transparent, since transaction time cannot be manipulated; 3) requires no third party to
manage; 4) drastically decreased the transaction fee since no third-party is involved; 5) is not

limited geographically; and 6) is scalable. These features are necessary for a successful cryptocurrency, and it is only with their implementation in the blockchain were These features
integrated into single currency.

Recently, a variety of ICO projects have been launched based on the blockchain technology

to achieve an idealistic network ecosystem. . Expansion of innovative ICO projects will lead us

to another level of revolution comparing to revolutions mentioned earlier. The blockchain,
crypto-currency, and ICOs will change our daily life.

Each new ICO is attempting to create a decentralized ecosystem that implements the promise

of crypto-currencies, but the thousands of ICOs fragmenting the marketplace ironically
undermine that. Linker Project solves this ironic problem of ICOs. Every race and generation
can see the promise of a safe stable currency unfettered by the constraints of a centralized
authority.

1.2.

BACKGROUND
1.2.1. RISE OF CRYPTO-CURRENCY
There are three key characteristics which distinguishes a crypto currency from the existing fiat
currencies such as dollars, euros, won, etc.

First, there is no central authority managing the currency. Existing fiat-currencies are mostly
managed by governments, or governmental organizations, through the delegated authority of

a central bank. If the government fails as a manager the currency can destabilize to devastating

effect as seen in Weimer Germany, Zimbabwe in the 200s, or Venezuela currently. Since
crypto currencies are managed by their users, no single government misstep can destabilize

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

the currency.

Second, crypto-currencies are highly transparent, creating trust. Many mistakenly believe that
the anonymity in crypto-currencies prevents transparency of transactions, but all the ledgers
are opened to all users since all the ledgers are stored by every user. There is a degree of

anonymity in that transaction records are connected to a currency address, not a personal

profile, which can allow criminal uses, as seen with Bitcoin. However well-run exchanges can
discourage criminal activity. Furthermore, most countries require KYC protocol to verify the
users’ identity during a withdrawal from an exchange.

4

ICO : WHITE PAPER

Third, crypto-currency is safe from the hackers’ attack. Crypto-currency is built on the
blockchain; therefore, hacker’s manipulation of crypto-currency is realistically impossible.
Since all the ledgers are processed under the proving procedure of all the users on the

network, the hacker needs the super computer which can calculate faster than the sum of all

the user’s computers. In the past, the press announced that the crypto-currency exchange was
hacked, but this event occurred not by the breach of crypto-currency, but by the breach of the

exchange. Since the genesis block of crypto-currency was issued, crypto-currency built on the
blockchain has not fallen by the attack of the hackers.

1.2.2. COMPONENTS OF BLOCKCHAIN
Every block is composed of <block number>, <previous hash number>, <Nonce>, <List of
Transactions> ,and different hash numbers are assigned to each block.

TRANSACTION

Using Bitcoin as an example, the encrypted information of transferring a Bitcoin is recorded is
called a transaction. A transaction only includes the ‘sender’s address’, the ‘receiver’s address’,

and the ‘amount transferred’; therefore, the anonymity is assured. All transactions occurring
during a ten minute period are recorded together in a ‘block’.

HASH

In the virtual platform, ‘block address’ functions as chain. Each block contains a unique

address; and the most recently issued block contains the address information of previous
block. Therefore, the user can track the transaction all the way to the first block (genesis

block). Official terminology of ‘address’ is ‘Hash’, and hash takes one of the most important
roles in the blockchain technology.

Hash is a string of random characters with a given length. This string of characters changes
into totally different hash if a single character in the block is changed by the external factor.

Number of hash character is defined by the size of hash: the size of bit. Two hash digits can
be expressed with one bit. So on, ten bits produce ten to the two digits of hash; which means

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

1024 different hash can be produced, and with ten bits, 1025th data can be cashed.

5

ICO : WHITE PAPER

Bitcoin uses hash function called SHA-256 which bit size is 256bits; which means 10^77
different hash can be produced. Since 10^77 is an astronomical figure, collision of hash can
barely occur.

Hash is also called ‘digital fingerprint’. Different fingerprints commonly mean different people.

In fact, hash is used as fingerprint in the blockchain system since hash changes into totally

different hash if a single character in the block changes. As result, if malicious user attempts
to manipulate transactions in the block, other users can identify that immediately; therefore,
hash is a key of Bitcoin security system.

NONCE

As gold is pulled from the earth by the miners, Bitcoin contains is pulled from the

computational ether in an analogues manner. Bitcoin mining is a data computing competition
of the participants; the answer in this competition is called ‘Nonce’.

The problem given for bitcoin mining is closely related to the hash. For example, the problem
asks to find the nonce which makes first four digits of the hash into ‘0000’. As mentioned

earlier, each block is composed of nonce, list of transaction, and previous hash, and change of
a single character produces totally different hash.

Therefore, bitcoin miners must enter all the possible values to find the nonce which produces

given the hash condition. This process takes ten minutes, and as number of nodes increases

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

the system designs the mining problem becomes more complicated.

6

ICO : WHITE PAPER

1.2.3. PRINCIPLE OF BITCOIN FUNCTION
CREATING BLOCK

As mentioned earlier, the blockchain is a decentralized network connecting worldwide. As a

new miner installs the Bitcoin program, all the blockchain information copied to the user’s
computer; which means that each user has identical blockchain.

After ten minutes, each miner’s computer executes the task to find the correct nonce to the

new hash number formed by transactions occurred in ten minutes. The first successful miner

announces the result on the network; this process is called ‘Broadcasting’. After confirmation
of results from the most miners, a new block connects to the blockchain, and the first
successful miner receives a certain amount of Bitcoin as a reward.

REWARD SYSTEM

Reward system of Bitcoin is called PoW (Proof of Work). Consensus protocol bases on the
amount of calculation. The first successful miner obtains the right to issue the block and
receive a certain amount of bitcoin as reward.

Even though the centralizing organization does not exist, users participate to mining because of
the Bitcoin reward. Furthermore, mining itself is done by complicated computational problem,

and block is issued after the proof of the most miners; therefore, changing information within
the block is barely possible.

The other reward system proposed is PoS (Proof of Stake). This reward system provides priority
of mining to the user who possesses the largest volume of Bitcoin. PoS can be successful

under a conjecture: the users who possess the large volume of Bitcoin are not willing the value

of Bitcoin faltered. Complexity of the computational problem depreciates as a miner’s volume
of Bitcoin possession increases.

ATTEMPT OF CHANGING BLOCK INFORMATION
Comprehending the result of changing block information helps to understand how the
blockchain maximizes the security level of Bitcoin.

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

As mentioned earlier, even a single character in the block change results to totally different

hash code. For example, the malicious user attempts to change the information in the 10th
block; 10th block’s hash code changes; and the user must find nonce which matches with the

altered hash. Even though the correct nonce is found, 10th block hash registered in 11th block
does not match; therefore, the malicious user must find the nonce for the 11th block, too.

Since number of block extends every ten minutes, finding all the nonce which fits to the new

hash ahead of all the miners around world is barely possible. (If two blocks are produced at
the same time, short chain will be discarded.)

7

ICO : WHITE PAPER

1.3.

RECENT LEGAL ISSUES
1.3.1. REPUBLIC OF KOREA
In the Republic of Korea, trading volume of Bitcoin has drastically increased. Meanwhile

trading volume of Bitcoin overtook the trading volume of KOSDAQ (Korean Securities Dealers
Automated Quotation). In August 19th, crypto-currency exchange, Bithumb announced that

one-day trading volume reached approximately 2.6 trillion KRW which is larger than KOSDAQ
trading volume of 2.4 trillion KRW (August 18th).

Number of issued crypto-currencies is more than 1,100 worldwide, and 108 out of 1,100
coins are tradeable in the exchange; and the total market value had exceeded 170 billion USD
(approx. 190 trillion KRW).

Crypto-currencies are not considered legal tender by the government, and crypto-currency

balances in account are not protected by the KDIC (Korea Deposit Insurance Corporation);
further crypto-currencies are not even classified as electronic prepayment means.

According to the governmental announcement in August 1st, congressman Yong-Jin Park plans

to propose the bill <Amendment of Law on Electronic Financial Transaction to Protect Crypto-

currency Users> which will create a crypto-currency trader approval system to prevent the
illegal methods of crypto-currency trading. Capital gain tax is not applied to crypto-currency
like gold or stocks.

On September 3rd, the government proposed a real name authentication for trading cryptocurrency. Going through a bank, a prospective trader in crypto-currencies must provide their

real name to create an account. In fact, the trader must have a virtual account connected to
the user’s bank account. This amendment will be effective in December, and if the cryptocurrency exchange does not submit the users’ information for the real name authentication,
connected bank immediately stops the virtual account trading.

1.3.2. CHINA

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

Since 23% of crypto-currency trading volume is in China, its policies have a huge effect
globally.

On August 30th, Chinese government announced that ICOs will be prohibited until the

regulation to protect investor is established; Chinese government prohibited ICOs on
September 4th.

On September 15, Chinese crypto-currency exchange, BTC China was closed by the
government, the first such closure in China. According the BTC China representative, “This act
is reflection of the ICO prohibition to prevent investment risks, but OTC is still open.”
8

ICO : WHITE PAPER

1.3.3. JAPAN
In 2017 the Japanese government has passed laws: accepting crypto-currencies as legal tender

and exempting crypto-currency purchases from consumption taxes. The National Tax Services

is reviewing taxes on profits from crypto-currency trading, with results expected in March of
2018.

1.3.4. RUSSIA
On September 9, 2017 the Russian Minister of Finance, Anton Siluanov stated that he is willing

to restrict the supply of crypto-currencies. While he stated that there is no reason to prohibit

crypto-currencies, the government regulation must be reviewed. Finalized regulations are
expected near the end of 2017. It is expected that the government will model crypto-currency
regulations after current bond market regulations.

1.3.5. UNITED STATES
In July 2017, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission warned about investing in cryptocurrency. On August 28th, SEC also stated not to invest in a company aiming to raise fund by
selling crypto-currencies.

1.3.6. MARKET ANALYSIS
The Russian government’s position mirrors that of the broader crypto currency markets

where increased regulations are expected as a trade of for acceptance by authorities. While
regulations are somewhat inimical to the spirit of crypto-currencies and their decentralized

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

structure, they can bring benefits, such as greater acceptance and a stronger legal framework.

9

ICO : WHITE PAPER

2. LINKER COIN
2.1.

NETWORK OF NETWORKS

In the past, the invention of the internet drastically expanded our radius of action. Term

‘Internet’ was invented in 1973 by the inventors of internet protocol TCP/IP (Transmission
Control Protocol/Internet Protocol) fundamental concepts, Vinton Gray Cerf and Robert E.

“Bob” Kahn. Vint and Bob aims the concept called ‘Network of Networks’ and tried to develop

the ‘Inter Network’ which connects all the computers around the world. Later, the concept of
‘Inter Network’ became an origin of ’Internet’.

As smartphone is distributed worldwide, the internet has become an essential in our life.
Information was delivered through TV, radio, or newspaper, but now information flourishes

through the internet and the smartphone. Mobile banking system is now more convenient
than offline bank, and without ATM, money can be transferred through mobile banking. In

fact, financial instruments can be purchased through the internet. As a result, number of
offline store is rapidly decreasing.

The internet is now a part of our daily life, but the original purpose of the internet as a ‘

Network of Networks’ has to be reconsidered especially in regards to financial transactions. On
the internet, the user can cross the border of countries, but their activities are restricted by the
governmental organization.

For example in South Korea, when the user signs in a certain commercial website, the real

name authentication requires the resident registration number (the same with the social

security number in the United States), and phone verification. Even though foreigner service
for those who do not have the resident registration number exists, foreigner service itself is the
proof of the separation and the restriction.

Typically in the banking system, when a person wants to use a foreign banking system, the
person should already have the account of the foreign banking, or need to request the Foreign
Service at domestic bank; therefore, the internet expanded the radius of act, but was not able
COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

to establish ‘Network of Networks’.

Using the blockchain technology, various ICO projects aim for the decentralization of
finance from the government and also aim the creation of an unconstrained network of

networks. Current crypto-currencies, ongoing ICOs, or as yet unrealized projects will create
a new ecosystem on the blockchain system. These proposals could create the world largest
online casino, online job market, online game platform, healthcare platform, financial and

industrial platform, etc. In short, their proposal is that they will create coins, which can be used
worldwide in every existing on/offline service.

10

ICO : WHITE PAPER

As attention toward the crypto-currency has drastically increased, the investment volume of

ICO has already overtaken the investment volume of venture capital worldwide. This interests
as spawned tens of thousands of different coins, but all these ICOs are hard to keep track of.
The exponential increase in crypto-currencies threatens to separate this nascent network again

into fractions: dividing the digital world into Bitcoin, Ethereum, Altcoin, etc, just as the physical
world is divided into countries.

In the midst this crisis of crypto-currencies, Linker Coin is launching. The ultimate vision of

Linker Coin is to link the various disparate networks to achieve the true ‘Network of Network’.
If the internet attempted to connect geographically separated countries, the Linker Coin links
all the coin-centered networks into one unified ecosystem.

Linker Coin is a medium for trading crypto-currencies, which otherwise would not be

exchangeable with other crypto-currencies and also with fiat-currencies. As a facilitator of
inter-currency exchange, Linker Coin will act as a catalyst in the market. Linker Coin can act
as a substitute coin within an ICO projects; meaning an investor in that ICO can participate via
Linker Coin without being forced into a specific ICO project coin.

Linker Coin also can be traded with the coins which are not built on ERC20 , and can be
exchanged with fiat-currency through the crypto-currency exchange operating under the
Linker Project. Rather than promoting the low commission from the exchange like other
crypto-currency exchanges, Linker Project targets the liquidity provision of crypto-currencies.
As Liquidity of crypto-currencies is assured, demand of Linker Coin will increase, Linker Coin
value will be set by the supply and demand law.

Linker Coin’s essence differs from the other ICO projects, which propose complicated and

incomprehensible future. Linker Coin develops based on the reality of crypto-currency market;

and this project is to satisfy the investors’ needs. Therefore, Linker Project prepared a special
ICO to allow objective evaluations from the users, and to adopt the evaluation.

2.2.

ERC223 PROTOCOL

Linker Coin is design on the ERC20 and will be rebuilt on the ERC223, which is the enhanced

version of the common ERC20 protocol. ERC223 revised several problems with ERC20. ERC223
COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

includes all the features of, and is fully backwards compatible with, ERC20. Four Revisions
applied to ERC223

First, ERC223 Protocol Fixed the system error of losing the Ethereum token due to an address

error. Second, a receiver can block the transaction from the malicious senders such as hacker
and terrorist, and obtain more control of Ethereum transactions. Third, in ERC201, token

transaction is processed in 2-steps: this is reduced to a single step in ERC223 increasing speeds

and lowering computational costs. The most important revision is that in ERC223 additional
approval is not always required. This is important key feature to achieve lower computational

cost in the decentralized exchange. The importance of escrow to the linker project is explored
in Chapter 4.
11

1) ERC20: Ethereum's blockchain model which is a program added blockchain model

ICO : WHITE PAPER

2.3.

COMPLIANCE

Linker Coin complies with AML, KYC regulations as specified by governments. The Linker Coin
is entitled to review AML, KYC, and to forcefully refund Linker Coin when refusing AML, KYC

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

process.

12

ICO : WHITE PAPER

3. LINKER TO VARIO US IND USTRIES
Linker Coin will unify the Coins issued by other ICO Projects, using Linker Coin as a transaction

medium. In this chapter, ICO projects in various industries will be discussed, and the benefits
of connecting them to the Linker Project explored.

3.1.

LINKER TO SOCIAL NETWORK
Social networks, like Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter, allow users to share their thoughts,
knowledge, and information in real time. While social networks have expanded across the
globe, existing social networks are vulnerable to security breaches.

Indorse Pte. Ltd. has launched a blockchain based social network system, which improves

security. Indorse’s innovated social network protects users from hackers, and their voting

system malicious users from the network. Their voting system is based around their IND and
SCR coins.

Coins issued by the Indorse can only be purchased in Ethereum, and cannot be traded freely.
Their coins are restricted to the Indorse platform, limiting their utility, and value. IND1 and SCR2

coins are based on ERC20 and thus are fully compatible with Linker Coins (LNC). LNC could be
used as a medium of exchanging increasing liquidity in the Indorse network and connecting it
to other coins.

3.2.

LINKER TO HEALTHCARE

Healthcare systems are increasing being digitized to provide better access to patient data.

However, this increased the threat of security breaches exposing this incredibly sensitive
personal information. Just as in social networks, blockchains can improve the security of
COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

healthcare data systems. Healthcare systems developer Bowhead Health has issued AHT coin

with the goal of improving security of medical data systems via the blockchain. Of particular
interest is the ‘Smart Contract’ feature of ERC20, which validates limited access of organization
or individual to only the appropriate data.

AHT coin issued by Bowhead Health can only be purchased by Ethereum, but cannot be
traded freely. To improve liquidity LNC can be traded for AHT coins, all the while maintaining
the highest level of security of sensitive medical data.

13

1) IND: Indorse Token
2) SCR: Indorse Score

ICO : WHITE PAPER

3.3.

LINKER TO eSPORTS
In the Republic of Korea (South Korea), eSports have developed as one of the most popular

spectacles. In January 2017, the first augmented reality (AR) game “Pokemon Go” launched in

South Korea. Reality Gaming Group Ltd issues RCCoin Gold and Silver, which can used in the
game to make purchases. RCCoin are also based ERC20 protocol for the security and protection
the player’s digital assets.

RCCoin are only available on Ethereum, and can only be traded on RGG’s exchanged. By linking
these gaming coins to LNC the value and stability of these coins can be secured.

3.4.

LINKER TO ENTERTAINMENT
The global music industry as embraced digitization and is reached the total revenue of

15.7 billion USD in 2017 Up to 50% of that revenue is expected to be from digital sales and
subscriptions.

While digital music services have been a boon for music lovers, it can deprive artist of revenue,
and deprive them of royalties due to copyright infringement.

Blockchain based digital music market Vibrate, based in Slovenia, uses its VIB Coin to protect
the intellectual assets of the musicians and provide them with a revenue stream directly. VIB
Coin can be used in various ways such as purchasing premium contents, buying event tickets
etc.

The Linker project would allow music lovers to easily transfer other coins into VIB to get the
latest song, or purchase tickets for the hottest concerts.

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

3.5.

LINKER TO JOB MARKET
People are increasingly participating in the gig economy, where they take short term
employment for specific tasks, maximizing both their income and their work like balance.

bitJob is ERC20 based job market platform run by smart contract. Employers and applicants

are rated by each other and co-workers on the platform. Tokens are distributed for active
participating in the market.

Payments are processed with the escrow function of the smart contract. Employer set the
settlement amount and conditions using tokens and via a contract with the applicant. ,

bitJob envisions a large business networking platform like LinkedIn, but with added
14

transparency, security, and integrated payments all through its implementation the

ICO : WHITE PAPER

blockchain. The largest risk of this project is that the supply and demand of both employers
and applicants is mismatched. As the supply and demand mismatches, coins issued by bitJob

may be constrained in the bitJob. Linker Project addresses this need by linking the job market

platform like bitJob to the wider market. As a result, Linker Project creates the network which

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

links to Job market network to provide more opportunities to both employers and applicants.

15

ICO : WHITE PAPER

4. LINKE R COIN ARCHITECTURE
4.1.

INTRODUCTION
Current networks for crypto-currency exchange are not flexible. Each coin issued through an
ICO creates its own unique network. Social networks, healthcare service networks, payment

networks, e-sports networks, and gambling all exist solid and isolated around their proprietary

coin. While each of these coins can function well within its limited network, they lack the
flexibility, liquidity, and the breath which comes from being convertible to each other (and to
other coins). It’s like a country whose national currency cannot be exchanged; that nation’s
economy, citizens, and foreign visitors all suffer.

Linker Coin is like an exchange bureau allowing travelers and citizens alike to freely exchange
currencies to suit their needs. Earnings from gambling networks can purchase game items;

job seekers can provide references and referrals through their social networks, and healthcare

networks can be underwritten by the latest hit single to top the charts. Linker Coin is designed

as a medium of exchange connecting all these segregated virtual ecosystems into one true

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

network of networks.

16

ICO : WHITE PAPER

4.2.

NETWORK OF NETWORKS

FIGURE 1) LINKER PROJECT OVERVIEW

Figure 1 shows a schematic of how Linker Coin will integrate these various virtual networks
and the real world. Networks are linked to the Decentralized Exchange (also known as ‘Linker’).

Each ‘Linker’ is then further connected to the real world through a Centralized Exchange. This

means coins from disparate blockchain networks convertible to each other through Linker
Coin and are then further convertible into fiat-currencies the Centralized Exchange.

Linker Coins are also convertible to Coins pegged to fiat-currency such as KRWp, USDp, EURp,
and JPYp. The Linker Coin Foundation endeavors to keep the value of Pegged Coin matched to

their respective fiat currency. Value of Pegged Coin will be promising if Pegged Coin are owned

and managed by the Linker Coin Foundation or partner corporate to maintain the asking
price; KRWp will maintain a similar value with KRW. Pegged Coins can be also be used in the

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

E-commerce platform directly as their value is fixed to fiat-currencies.

17

ICO : WHITE PAPER

4.3.

LINKER TO CRYPTO-CURRENCY NETWORK
Each individual Linker will connect to a specific network and collectively they make up the
Decentralized Exchange (DEX).

We will create 6 individual Linker varieties depending on the network to which they connect.

We will develop these sequentially as funds become available during the ICO: Ethereum Linker
to Ethereum, ERC Linker to ERC20, Peg Linker to Pegged Coins, Semi-Decen Linker to Bitcoin,

Semi-Decen_R Linkerfrom Bitcoin to real world financial institutions, Ethereum_R Linker from
Ethereum to real world institutions, and finally Linker X to other coin projects and to real world

4.3.1. ETHEREUM LINKER

FIGURE 2) ETHEREUM LINKER

Ethereum Linker is an exchange system between Linker Coin and Ethereum. Linker Coin
is designed on a smart contract validating the exchange with Ethereum. Furthermore, this

system is a decentralized exchange built on ERC20 unlike current crypto-currency exchanges

which are centralized exchange. A Decentralized Exchange rectifies many of the failings of
existing centralized coin exchanges such as security breach, hacking, server manipulation, and

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

even compensation of questionable legality.

18

ICO : WHITE PAPER

(Data feed reference : https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/Standardized_Contract_
APIs#data-feeds)

uint256 public sellPrice;

uint256 public buyPrice;
function setPrices(uint256 newSellPrice, uint256 newBuyPrice) onlyOwner {
sellPrice = newSellPrice;

buyPrice = newBuyPrice;
}

function buy() payable returns (uint amount){
amount = msg.value / buyPrice;

require(balanceOf[this] >= amount);
balanceOf[msg.sender] += amount;
balanceOf[this] -= amount;

Transfer(this, msg.sender, amount);
return amount;

// calculates the amount

// checks if it has enough to sell

// adds the amount to buyer's balance

// subtracts amount from seller's balance

// execute an event reflecting the change

// ends function and returns

}

function sell(uint amount) returns (uint revenue){
require(balanceOf[msg.sender] >= amount);
balanceOf[this] += amount;

balanceOf[msg.sender] -= amount;
revenue = amount * sellPrice;

require(msg.sender.send(revenue));

this last to prevent recursion attacks
Transfer(msg.sender, this, amount);
return revenue;

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

}

19

// checks if the sender has enough to sell

// adds the amount to owner's balance

// subtracts the amount from seller's balance
// sends ether to the seller: it's important to do

// executes an event reflecting on the change

// ends function and returns

ICO : WHITE PAPER

4.3.2. DECENTRALIZED LINKER

FIGURE 3) DECENTRALIZED LINKER 1

Decentralized Linker is the system which exchanges most ERC20 based tokens to Linker

Coin. While many ERC20 based tokens have been issued through various ICO, most of these
tokens are not listed on the broader crypto-currency exchange, which means investor’s funds
are fixed. The investors should wait until their tokens to be listed, though this is rarely the
case. Even very successful tokens may not be listed, due to national regulations, technical

difficulties, or management concerns. With the Decentralized Linker these coins can be
converted into Linker Coin, and then further exchanged into other coin or fiat-currency.

The Linker system, which is built on ERC20, includes an ‘Escrow’ feature; it is this feature that
enables ERC Linker to exchange tokens issued with the ERC20 protocol into Linker Coin.

For example, an investor participates in an ICO project issuing an ERC20 token, we’ll call Token

A. Now, the investor can neither exit the project nor withdraw Token A. That investor would
COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

have to wait until the platform decides to list Token A on an exchange. This is entirely left to

the whims of the project manager subject to restrictions of the national government where the
project is based. With the implementation of Linker Coin that investor can choose an amount

of Token A, and send a request via the Linker system using Escrow feature. If another investor
wants to purchase Token A, and their price and conditions match the Decentralized Linker will
execute the exchange converting Linker Coin to Token A, within its matching engine

Unlike Centralized Exchange system which required lodging all the coins in the exchange
to participate in a trade, the Escrow feature only requires lodging the amount that the user

wants to exchange, and after a certain time (e.g. 50 blocks = 10minutes with Ethereum), the
deposit is refunded back to the users if a match is not found; minimizing risk. In fact, every
20

step is automatically processed by the smart contract; therefore, the additional risks in existing
Centralized Exchanges such as credibility, bankruptcy, and external interference are minimized.
1) PoW: Proof of Work
2) PoS: Proof of Stake

ICO : WHITE PAPER

FIGURE 4) DECENTRALIZED LINKER 2

The matching engine running the linker system removes the time-delay problem of PoW1

and PoS2 methods. Since the exchange does not interface with the buyer and seller during a
matching transaction the anonymity of the users can be guaranteed, and the trading is not
restricted by any certain country’s crypto-currency regulation

The system charges a processing fee to ‘Taker’ and rewards a Linker Coin to the ‘Seller’ or
‘Maker’. In this way the Linker system motivates users to participate in Linker Coin Network
creating liquidity. Linker Coin Network participants are categorized into three types:
Speculator, Arbitrager, and Liquidity Provider.

Speculator is the investor holding coins from the other networks; Speculators are exchanging
COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

coins to Linker Coin to exit those networks. Arbitragers are those who are trading between
coins on the Linker system, endeavoring to make a profit. Arbitrager compares the conversion

price indices and their appetite for risk. The Liquidity Provider takes the role of Maker during
the process of exchanging other coins into Linker Coin to take advantage of the reward system.

These three types of users participate in the Linker system to achieve their purpose; through
the course of a day a single user can act as all three according to their needs. The multiple

roles a user can inhabit further strength the Linker Coin Network. A certain percentage of
transaction fees will be reverted to the Linker Coin Foundation. Currently, more than one

thousand coins are issued in the blockchain network. Linker Coin will satisfy the needs of the
investors who are willing to ‘Exit’ the network even before the supply and demand meet the
21

equilibrium. During this process, demand of Linker Coin, a medium of trading, will rise.

ICO : WHITE PAPER

4.3.3. SEMI-DECENTRALIZED LINKER

FIGURE 5) SEMI-DECENTRALIZED LINKER

Semi-Decentralized Linker connects to coins, like Bitcoin and Litecoin, which do not allow
smart contracts. The Linker Matching Machine built on smart contract with an escrow feature
and will still connect Bitcoin and Litecoin through a Semi-Decentralized system which is a joint

exchange composed of centralized crypto-currency exchange and the escrow is built into the
Linker project.

An investor who wants to exchange Bitcoin into Linker Coin lodges a Bitcoin to the centralized

crypto-currency exchange. On the other side, an investor who wants to exchange Linker Coin
into Bitcoin, lodges those Linker Coins Escrow. The Matching Engine finds the Linker Coin in

the Escrow and if the price and conditions match the engine will deliver the Escrowed Linker
Coins to the initial Bitcoin owner, and return the lodge Bitcoin the original Linker Coin owner.
For the safely lodged Bitcoins need to be withdrawn from the Centralized Exchange upon
completion of the transaction.

Compared to the Decentralized Linker explained in 4.3.2, the investor is still exposed to the
Exchange Risk since one side of the transaction is still in the Centralized System. Also, the

investors are exposed to operation risk due to human error as the semi Semi-Decentralized

Linker is not fully executed by the smart contract. The system may be restricted by the
regulations of the government overseeing the intermediary Centralized Exchange; similarly the
trading participants’ transaction history could be exposed.

The Semi-Decentralized Linker system is the most efficient method to validate the exchange
COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

of Linker coin and coins, which do not embed smart contract. The Linker Coin Foundation will

continue to work on developing a fully decentralized system which can be embraced by all
coins.

22

ICO : WHITE PAPER

4.3.4. PEG LINKER

FIGURE 6) PEG LINKER

Pegged Crypto-currency are fixed to the value of their respective fiat-currency. For example,

crypto-currency development company, Tether designed USD Tether (USDT) which is
synchronized with the value of USD. Tether actively manages their exchange such that one
USDT always equals USD.

Pegged crypto-currencies are especially useful to e-commerce retailers, as they do not want

to be exposed to the high fluctuations of currently listed crypto-currencies. For example the
Bitcoins used to buy a sweater online may increase or decrease far beyond the value of the

sweater by the time the reltailer can convert them. USDT crypto-currency pegged to USD can
be used just like a fiat currency in a store.

Linker Coin is exchageable to Pegged Crypto-currency through Linker. Linker Coin Foundation

takes the role of maintating the value of the Pegged Crypto-currency and provides the
necessary liquidity.

Since a Pegged Crypto-currency’s value is stable, it could be practically used to buy or sell
COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

products. However, the existing system is not usable because of the low transaction speed due
to indefinite finality of PoW and PoS.

The existing system are built on PoW and PoS consensus systems; requiring enough time to
prove the transaction. On average this process takes six blocks, which means that a Bitcoin

purchase takes an hour to prove and an Ethereum purchase takes a full minute. Furthermore,

there is uncertainty if the block were the transaction is recorded will be included larger,
complete, blockchain. To alleviate this problem, PBFT (Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance)
consensus algorithm solves the indefinite finality problem, and validates the transaction
almost instantly.

23

ICO : WHITE PAPER

4.3.5. LINKER X
If a yet ot be issued coin is created on a new network, that network can be linked to the Linker

Network in two ways; if the network embeds the smart contract, the network links to the
Linker Coin through the Decentralized Linker system, otherwise the network links through the
Semi-Decentralized Linker system.

4.4.

LINKER TO REAL NETWORK
4.4.1. SEMI-DECEN_R LINKER
In each country, financial institution and the governmental organizations have started to
accpet Bitcoin, but Bitcoin is built on PoW, which delays the confirmation time. Furthermore,

if the blockchain separates due to repeated proofs of work, the transaction may be reversed;
Therefore, while the time for creating a block is ten minutes, but the whole process to

validate a transaction takes an hour. This is too slow for financial institutions and government
organization and a new substitute technology is required.

Lightning Network is an example of one of these new substitute technologies. It processes

the transaction data in an external network and calls the final results of the transaction when
ready; this drastically enhances transaction speeds. It also uses HTCLs(Hashed Time-Lock
Contracts) to prevent the abuse of the system.

Linker Coin Foundation will provide the system embeds the Lightning Network or other

enhanced networks to validate the transaction between users and financial institution or
governmental organization. We propose to call the system ‘Semi-Decen_R Linker’ which

means the Linker connecting the Linker Coin and the Real World (e.g. fianacial institution)
through a Semi-Decentralized Linker.

4.4.2. ETHEREUM_R LINKER

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

As Semi-Decen_R Linker is the transaction network connecting Bitcoin to financial institutions

for Linker Coin users; Ethereum_R Linker is the transaction network connecting Ethereum and
financial institutions. Just as Bitcoin transaction speed is enhanced by the Lightning Network,
Ethereum transaction speed is enhanced by the network such as Raven Network. The Linker

Coin Foundation will provide a system applying the newest technology to connect the Linker
Coin users with their financial institutions. Proposed system will be called ‘Ethereum_R Linker’.

24

ICO : WHITE PAPER

4.5.

CENTRALIZED EXCHANGES FOR LINKER COIN
Currently, Linker Coin Foundation confirmed the establishment of the crypto-currency
exchange with BTC trader in the Republic of Korea, and Linker Coin Foundation manages
the exchange through joint operation protocol with BTC Trader. Furthermore, Linker Coin
Foundation will launch the crypto-currency exchanges in major markets around the world

including Europe, Southeast Asia, Africa, South America, etc. Linker Coin Foundation provides
the liquidity and also maintains the value of the Pegged Crypto-currency.

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

FIGURE 7) CENTRALIZED EXCHANGES FOR LINKER COIN

25

ICO : WHITE PAPER

4.6.

ESTABLISHING AN EXCHANGE
FOR CRYPTOCURRENCY-BASED DERIVATIVES
4.6.1. Background: Importance of Liquidity and Market Completeness
A cryptocurrency exchange is a venue where a cryptocurrency can be exchanged for other

cryptocurrencies or fiat currencies. A major issue with cryptocurrencies is their lack of liquidity;

numerous examples exist where their lack of liquidity has harmed investors. A security (or
other financial instrument) is characterized as liquid when a significant change in the volume

of its transactions does not alter its price significantly. The example of bitcoin is illustrative; it
has exhibited dramatic drawdowns in its price, which are unacceptable for liquid instruments.

One of the main purposes of incorporating derivatives in a cryptocurrency exchange is to

better inform the participants about expected trends of the underlying cryptocurrencies. Let us
assume the example of an arbitrary cryptocurrency XYZ. XYZ upon its inception has exhibited a

certain price pattern. The only information that the investor has is that historical price pattern,
not the opinion of the most informed people in the cryptocurrency space of how XYZ is going
to perform in the future. With the incorporation of derivatives in the exchange this information
is going to be provided. For instance the price of options reflects the opinion of the most

informed members of the community, the market makers, about the direction of volatility.
There are many examples where the pattern of the volatility abruptly changes causing huge
downturns in the price of the underlying assets. Most of the times this change in the volatility
came as a surprise because of the lack information beyond historical prices. The inclusion of
derivatives provides more information to the investors, allowing for greater stability.

Beyond information derivatives provide for a more complete market. A market for an asset
class is not complete and does not have the tools to flourish in the long term if it does not
allow its players to effectively manage their risk exposure. Every portfolio of securities, in order
to be considered safe, has to be able to be replicated by a portfolio of different securities. This

procedure is called hedging and its use is imperative in order to prevent the effect of adverse
market trends. As an example we are going to exhibit the “Hedging procedure of a plain vanilla

European Call Option” which can be hedged with a long position in the underlying asset and
a short position in the risk free instrument. This means that if an investor takes one direction
COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

in one portfolio, they have to take the opposite direction in the hedging portfolio so to avoid

the idiosyncrasy as well as the systematic risk of the former portfolio. E.g., if an investor takes
a long position on the underlying asset, in order to hedge themselves against a drawdown,

they will take the opposite position of the hedging portfolio, i.e. they will take a short position

on the Vanilla European Call Option on that Portfolio and along position on the Risk free Rate
Instrument.

In addition to the Plain Vanilla European Call Option there are many more simple yet powerful

derivatives such as: futures, swaps, and options. A very interesting case is the futures contract

which permit the investor to lock their ingoing or outgoing cash flows in the future with certain
price, thus by eliminating the effect of erratic price behavior of the underlying asset. Assume
26

the case of a firm that operates in a USD prevailing environment. This firm has the need to

ICO : WHITE PAPER

periodically purchase goods from companies that accept Bitcoins. The former needs to find
a way to hedge itself against fluctuations of the exchange rate between USD and Bitcoin.

Therefore, they can enter into futures contracts wherein the purchase price of Bitcoin in USD
will be predetermined. Hence we see the importance of the existence of Futures contracts in
the Cryptocurrency exchanges as well.

The two examples above show that derivatives can help investors. Derivatives can help

inform investors about the opinions of market makers; and they can prove a hedge against
fluctuations in exchange rates with the use of Futures contracts. These are just two examples
of how derivatives help stabilize and complete a market.

4.6.2. Market Players: Hedgers, Speculators, and Arbitrageurs
Generally, there are three groups of players with distinct incentives that are active in the
financial derivatives markets:

• Hedgers : an investor who is looking to reduce his risk exposure to an asset class by taking

an opposite position to the risk he is otherwise exposed to. See the example mentioned with

a call option and its replication with a position in the underlying asset and a position in the
risk free instrument. Another example would be an investor holding a long stock position and

buying a put option for protection against downward price movements. The goal is to reduce
risk.

• Speculators : a speculator is someone who hypothesize about future movements of an asset
and takes a derivative position accordingly, without most likely owning the underlying asset.
The goal is to maximize profit by taking a position.

• Arbitrageurs : in order for a market to be efficient, players should trust the pricing is an

accurate reflection of the equilibrium between supply and demand for that instrument.
Arbitrageurs exploit market imperfections and inefficiencies to their advantage, which in turn
increases the trust and efficiency of the market for that asset class, as well as increasing its

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

liquidity. The goal is to maximize profit without taking a position.

4.6.3. Pricing of cryptocurrency-based derivatives
Our goal as Linker Coin is to provide liquidity in all the instruments trading in the market.
A necessary condition to provide liquidity is to supply the investors with as much accurate
information as possible to make correct market decisions. Though the introduction of
derivatives the pricing will be more transparent as the markets will:
i) Reflect the opinion of the experts

ii) Give to the investors the opportunity to replicate one portfolio with another portfolio thus
giving the investor the opportunity to compare.

27

iii) Give to the investors the opportunity protect themselves from adverse price movement

ICO : WHITE PAPER

through put options or through futures contracts.

It is imperative to have all of the three groups (Hedgers, Speculators, and Arbitrageurs) present

in the Cryptocurrency Exchange in order for the Cryptocurrency market to thrive. Without a
functioning derivatives market, it is virtually impossible to hedge a position, let alone arbitrage

away price inefficiencies. In fact, and probably rightly so, the cryptocurrency asset is currently
perceived as a vehicle to “make a quick buck” and run away with the profits. Furthermore, a
functioning derivatives market is the bedrock on which healthy exchanges of any asset class
are built upon. Specifically for the cryptocurrency space, this would allow the investors to:
• Hedge the significant volatility that has been typical so far for this asset class.
• Pursue the additional profit through the speculation.
From a market dynamics perspective, it would be naïve to expect the pricing of cryptocurrency-

based derivative instruments to behave in the same way that their counterparts based on
stocks, interest rates, or currencies do. As an example, based on some initial research and

on the recent market exuberance with regard to cryptocurrencies, it seemed appropriate to
include a confidence gage in the beta pricing model for European option – like derivatives. The
Linker Coin vision is to provide a venue to foster transparency, price discovery, and risk transfer
capabilities for crypto-based derivatives.

4.6.4. Our Vision for a healthy cryptocurrency market ecosystem
In the aftermath of the global financial crisis of 2008, the expression “financial derivative” has

acquired a negative connotation, mostly for the wrong reasons. It is overly complex derivatives,
which did not serve an economic purpose and had rich fees embedded in their valuation that

caused the collapse of the financial system. It is now helpful to take a step back in order to
fully understand the rationale of the vision of Linker Coin.

The cryptocurrency space is still at a very early stage and a tremendous amount of research,

experience, and trial and error is needed to reach a steady state where confidence is high
and liquidity is guaranteed. Linker Coin proposes to be the pioneer and hence initial liquidity
and price provider for Linker Coin and other crypto-currencies. We are currently conducting
COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

research for the benefit of the crypto-assets ecosystem, to allow it to flourish and develop.

28

ICO : WHITE PAPER

4.7.

CRYPTOCURRENCY LEVERAGED INDEX SERIES
4.7.1. Launch Crytocurrency Leveraged Index Series
Linker Coin Foundation plans to launch the Bitcoin & Ethereum Leveraged Index Series in view

of the growing demand for indexes with customized cryptocurrency investment strategies.

Cryptocurrency Leveraged Index Series comprise two indexes which are the leveraged versions
of the Bitcoin Index & Ethereum Index with different levels of leverage. The Indexes are
designed to replicate the payoff of a leveraged portfolio, and they can be used as the basis of
exchange-traded funds and derivatives.
Leve ra ge Rat i o
2X

Leve rage d Ind ex
Bi tcoi n Leve rage d Ind ex ( "BTC2 X " )
Et h e re um Leve rage d Ind ex ( " ETH 2 X " )

4.7.2. Background: Cryptocurrency Leveraged Index Series
The Bitcoin & Ethereum Leveraged Index is an index that is linked to the movements of the

Bitcoin & Ethereum with a leverage factor of two. In addition to the amplified return of the
Bitcoin & Ethereum, the borrowing cost for leveraging investment in stocks and the stamp duty
entailed in portfolio rebalancing is also reflected in the index.

4.7.3. Calculation for Today’s Closing Index
= Yesterday's Closing Index × {1 + [K × (Index Return) - Interest Cost - Stamp duty in
Rebalancing}

= Yesterday's Closing Index×{1 + [K (( It ) / ( It-1 ) - 1 )) - (K - 1)(LIBOR / 365) Dt,t-1 - K (K - 1)|( It)/( It-1 )

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

- 1| × Fee]}

K
D T ,T -1
LI B O R
It
I t-1
fe e

A m u l t i p l e refl e ct i ng t h e l eve rage rat i o, wh i ch i s 2
Nu m b e r of cal e nd ar d ays b et we e n D ay t and D ay t -1
Ove r ni g h t L IBOR or e q ui val e nt
Cur re nt U nd e r l yi ng Ind ex
Ye ste rd ay's U nd e r l yi ng Ind ex
R a t e o f t ra d e f e e a s a p e r ce n ta g e o f t h e a m o u n t o f
stock t rad e d

**Note: If the leveraged index drops by 50 percent at the time of calculation t compared to

the closing price on the last trading day t-1, the stop loss mechanism will be triggered and the
index calculation will be suspended.

29

ICO : WHITE PAPER

5. R OA DMA P
2017 10/19
2017 10/29
2017 11/05
2017 11/19
2017 11/19

Open Source and Key Features of Ethereum Linker:

Decentralized Exchange built on ERC20 protocol

Present Detailed Information of the Crypto-currency Exchange

Launching on December in the Republic of Korea

Open Source and Key Features of Decentralized Linker:

Decentralized Exchange between Linked Coin and ERC20 Tokens.
Present Foreign Crypto-currency Exchange Establishment Plan

Launch Ethereum Wallet Service
Launch ERC223 Linker Coin

*If ERC223 tokens are not viable on an exchange, the Linker Coin protocol will remain in ERC20
for that exchange.
2017 12/01

Launch Crypto-currency Exchange CoinX in the Republic of Korea

(Coinx.co.kr)

* The schedule can be delayed.
2017 12/31

List Linker Coin in CoinX: Cryptocurrency Exchange

2018 3/31

Execute Decentralized Exchange with Existing ERC20 Tokens

2018 6/30

Develop Crypto-currency Index and Exchange Rate Index

2018 9/30

List Pegged Coin in CoinX and Develop Trading Platform Connecting

* The schedule can be delayed.

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

2018 12/31
2019 3/1
2019 6/1
2019 9/1

30

Linker Coin to Pegged Coin

Develop the E-commerce Crypto-currency Exchange Platform

Validating E-commerce Use of Pegged Coin

Launch Additional Foreign Cryptocurrency Exchange

and Establish the International E-commerce Network
Develop Semi-Decentralized Linker: Decentralized Exchange between

Bitcoin/Litecoin and Linker Coin

Develop Ethereum_R Linker - High Speed Transaction Platform:

Transaction between Ethereum and Financial Institution

ICO : WHITE PAPER

2019 12/1

Develop Semi-Decentralized_R Linker – High Speed Transaction Platform:

Transaction between Bitcoin/Litecoin and Financial Institution

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

**The Road Map of the foundation can be changed by the votes of the token holders.

31

ICO : WHITE PAPER

6.

LNC TOKE N INFO RM ATIO N

6.1.

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION

Total Token supply: 500,000,000 (100%)

ICO Token Supply (Including Pre-Sales): 200,000,000 (40%)
Team: 50,000,000 (10%)

-Annual maximum number of distribution per person or entity : 1,000,000 LNC
Founder: 25,000,000 (5%)

-Annual maximum number of distribution per person or entity : 2,000,000 LNC
Advisor & Partner: 25,000,000 (5%)

-Annual maximum number of distribution per person or entity : 1,000,000 LNC
OPERATION: 10,000,000 LNC (2%)
RESERVE: 190,000,000 LNC (38%)

-Limit of Reserve's Amount Selling : 30,000,000 LNC per Year

6.2.

SAFE DEPOSIT OF COIN

Subject: Token distributed to Founder & Advisor & Partner & Team
Date of Clearance: One year after the distribution

Advisor could sell Linker Coin up to 10% of token received, and rest of tokens will be held at
the safe deposit for one year.

6.3.

EXPENSE DISTRIBUTION

Tech Development: 20-25%
Marketing: 15-20%

Operation: 10-15%

Partnership/Consulting: 10-15%
Administration: 10-15%
Legal Expenses: 5%

Market Making Expenses: 5%

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

**The Board of Directors (Co-founders) of the Linker Coin Foundation might resort to modify
the distribution of expenses of the foundation if this is necessary for the well-being of the
foundation and the project attached to it.

32

ICO : WHITE PAPER

6.4.

ICO SCHEDULE

Funding Coin: ETH

Minimum Amount of Funding: 1 ETH

Starting Time of Pre-Sales and Crowd-Sales: 12 p.m. (UTC)

6.4.1. 1st PRE-SALE
Token Supply: 2,000,000 LNC (1% of ICO Token Supply)

Date: 2017/10/21 12 p.m. (UTC) ~ 2017/10/28 12 p.m. (UTC)
Method: Dutch Auction

Starting Dutch Auction Price: 0.0003 ETH

Maximum amount transferred per transaction: 50 ETH

* If the amount transferred per transaction exceeds 50 ETH and is less or equal to 200 ETH
then the transaction is going to be placed to 2nd Pre-sale.

* As soon as number of order exceeds the token supplied in 1st Pre-Sale,
next order transfers to 2nd Pre-Sale order.

* Among the 1st Pre-Sale participants, 3 lottery winners will be rewarded with 10,000 LNC

(Winning rate is proportional to the amount of token purchased, and the winners will be
announced in 10 days after the 1st Pre-Sale)

* Unsold tokens will be sold at price with depreciation rate of 10 percent per day.
* Below the tenth decimal place will be dropped after calculating the price.

6.4.2. 2nd PRE-SALE
Token Supply: 8,000,000 LNC (4% of ICO Token Supply)

Date: 2017/10/29 12 p.m. (UTC) ~ 2017/11/17 12 p.m. (UTC)

Starting Price: 5% raised price from final price of previous auction
Maximum amount transferred per transaction: 200 ETH

* If the amount transferred per transaction exceeds 200 ETH and is less or equal to 300 ETH
then the transaction is going to be placed to 3rd Pre-sale.

* As soon as number of order exceeds the token supplied in 2nd Pre-Sale,
next order transfers to 3rd Pre-Sale order.

* Among the 2nd Pre-Sale participants, 3 lottery winners will be rewarded with 20,000 LNC
COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

(Winning rate is proportional to the amount of token purchased, and the winners will be
announced in 10 days after the 2nd Pre-Sale)

* Below the tenth decimal place will be dropped after calculating the price.

33

ICO : WHITE PAPER

6.4.3. 3rd PRE-SALE
Token Supply: 10,000,000 LNC (5% of ICO Token Supply)

Date: 2017/11/18 12 p.m. (UTC) ~ 2017/11/24 12 p.m. (UTC)
Starting Price: 5% raised price from the 2nd Pre-Sale

Maximum amount transferred per transaction: 300 ETH

* If the amount transferred per transaction exceeds 300 ETH and is less or equal to 1000 ETH
then the transaction is going to be placed to Crowd Sale.

* As soon as number of order exceeds the token supplied in 3nd Pre-Sale,
next order transfers to Crowd-Sales order.

* Among the 3rd Pre-Sale participants, 3 lottery winners will be rewarded with 30,000 LNC

(Winning rate is proportional to the amount of token purchased, and the winners will be
announced in 10 days after the 3nd Pre-Sale)

* Below the tenth decimal place will be dropped after calculating the price.

6.4.4. Crowd-Sales
Token Supply: 180,000,000 LNC (90% of ICO Token Supply)

Date: 2017/11/25 12 p.m. (UTC) ~ 2017/12/31 12 p.m. (UTC)

Tier 1 Price (Before Sales of 50,000,000 LNC): 5% raised price from the 3rd Pre-Sale
Tier 2 Price (After Sales of 50,000,000 LNC): 10% raised price from the 3rd Pre-Sale

Tier 3 Price (After Sales of 100,000,000 LNC): 15% raised price from the 3rd Pre-Sale
Tier 4 Price (After Sales of 150,000,000 LNC): 20% raised price from the 3rd Pre-Sale
Maximum amount transferred per transaction: 1000 ETH

* As soon as number of order exceeds the token supplied in Crowd-Sale,
exceeded order will be refunded.

* Below the tenth decimal place will be dropped after calculating the price.

6.4.5. Bounty System
A person who reports Linker Coin seller unannouced by Linker Coin Foundation will be
rewarded with bounty.

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

Bounty: 100,000 LNC

34

ICO : WHITE PAPER

6.5.

IMPORTANT NOTIFICATION ABOUT ICO PARTICIPATION

* Ethereum transaction records will be publicized after ICO.

6.5.1. KYC / AML / Collection and Use of Personal Information
* KYC / AML will be conducted after crowd-sales.
* Linker Coin will be distributed after KYC / AML.

* If for a case of a participant it is impossible or conduct KYC / AML or a participant rejects the
KYC /AML procedure then the transferred amount will be returned less an 8% charge fee.

* Name of ICO participants will be publicized.

* If a country requests KYC and AML, the personal information will be provided to the country.
* European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is applied.

* KYC, AML, and GDPR information will be provided through the attachment.

* Policy of collection and use of personal information will be provided through the attachment.
* ICO participant can request the review / the modification / the elimination of their personal
information.

6.5.1. Restriction in Linker Coin ICO Participation
* Linker Coin ICO will not accept any transaction from any participant who has U.S. citizenship,
Singapore citizenship, and China citizenship.

* Linker Coin ICO cannot take place in prohibited country.
* Minimum age of participant: 21 or above

* Regarding the law of each country, legal age of participating in the investment has to submit
a relevant document as a proof of legitimacy.

* Received fund from the restricted participants will be returned after KYC and AML procedure
(KYC and AML procedure of restricted participants would take approximately 180days.)

** ICO pariticipant has to be well-aquainted with "Important Notification about ICO
Participation" and must be aware of the risk of particiapting in an ICO.

** All the transferred Ethereum will be transferred to Linker Coin Foundation 180 days from the

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

date of Linker Coin ICO ends.

35

ICO : WHITE PAPER

REFERENCES
1

HTTPS://GITHUB.COM/ETHEREUM/WIKI/WIKI/WHITE-PAPER

3

HTTPS://GITHUB.COM/ETHEREUM/EIPS/ISSUES/223

5

HTTPS://BITJOB.IO/

2
4
6
7
8

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

9

36

HTTPS://BOWHEADHEALTH.COM/

HTTPS://THEETHEREUM.WIKI/W/INDEX.PHP/ERC20_TOKEN_STANDARD

HTTPS://UNIKRN.COM/

HTTPS://GITHUB.COM/ETHEREUM/WIKI/WIKI/STANDARDIZED_CONTRACT_

APIS#DATA-FEEDS

PRACTICAL BYZANTINE FAULT TOLERANCE, MIGUEL CASTRO AND BARBARA LISKOV

LABORATORY FOR COMPUTER SCIENCE, MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF
TECHNOLOGY, 545 TECHNOLOGY SQUARE, CAMBRIDGE, MA 02139

THE BITCOIN LIGHTNING NETWORK: SCALABLE OFF-CHAIN INSTANT PAYMENTS,

JOSEPH POON & THADDEUS DRYJA, JANUA

COPYRIGHT BY LINKER COIN | INFO@BLOCKBANK.CO.KR

ICO : WHITE PAPER

37

