W

H

I

T

E

P

A

P

E

R

NEW GENERATION WEBCAM PLATFORM

November 2017

Version 2.0

WWW.LIVESTARS.IO

Annotation
Live Stars is creating the new generation webcam platform that implements blockchain
technology. The platform has a transparent structure and it offers a multitude of advantages
against the projects currently existing on the market. The main goals of our project are to create a
platform with an automated system, eliminate the existing webcam industry problems, and
organize the work of the Live Stars´ project.
We set ourselves a number of objectives: optimizing the internal business model, eliminating high
commissions, eliminating the delays in payments, improving the security, providing the users with
complete anonymity, releasing the models’ relationship with the client from any intermediaries
and human errors, and making the platform more convenient for all participants.
Our experience in the software development and blockchain technology, as well as our experience
and internal knowledge of the webcam industry, allows us to create a modern platform, which will
stand above all existing analogues.

2
20
www.livestars.io
www.livestars.io

Table of contents
Introduction . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

4

What is Live Stars . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

5

Structure of webcam industry, Problems and solutions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

7

Webcam industry: The main features of the system . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

7

Problems of the modern webcam industry and their efficient solutions from Live Stars . . . . .

8

Problem 1: Lack of user anonymity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

8

Problem 2: Payment errors of users . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

10

Problem 3: Low revenue share for models . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

10

Problem 4: Minimal amount, delays and errors of payouts for models. . . . . . . . . . .

11

Problem 5: Lack of access to payout settings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

11

Problem 6: Not transparent rating levels of models . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

12

Problem 7: Insecurity of personal data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

12

Problem 8: Chargebacks (cancellation of model’s earnings) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

12

Problem 9: Problems of affiliates similar to the problems of models . . . . . . . . . . . .

13

LIVE STARS’ additional advantages . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

14

Competitor Comparison . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

15

Industry facts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

16

Conclusion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

17

Live Stars team . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

18

Advisors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

18

Roadmap . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

19

Marketing plan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

20

Crowdsale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

21

Distribution of tokens . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

22

Distribution of funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

23

Terms and conditions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

24

www.livestars.io

Introduction
As of today, the webcam industry has evolved from a small adult entertainment niche into a
multi-million business with boundless prospects.
However, currently all existing webcam platforms present a number of fundamental problems that
dampen progress in this industry, and this substantively diminishes the incomes of those
individuals involved, as well as reduces the interest of any potential clients or investors. Because
of the no-opacity process, this segment is often under negative criticism from the users and
models.
Innovations in the webcam industry today have become a necessity. The overall level of the
technological solutions is growing rapidly, which increases the requirement level of the online
entertainment form.

4

25

www.livestars.io

What is Live Stars
Live Stars is the world's first webcam platform in the online adult entertainment industry that is
using blockchain technology to fundamentally upgrade the system and to solve its main
problems.
Live Stars is a fundamentally new platform with a different business model based on the exclusion
of intermediaries and automating all the processes. Implementation of the smart contracts in the
business logic and financial platform segment provides for a more effective, safe, and convenient
interaction between users, models, affiliates, and the platform itself. In the following chapters, we
will take a closer look at the existing problems and solutions of Live Stars.
Live Stars´ platform uses its own token “LIVE” as a form of the payment for services rendered.
LIVE is the only form of payment.

Key features of the platform are:
full anonymity and safety of its users
the storage security and data encryption
the absence of the intermediaries and financial segment´s limitations
absence of the minimum payments, limits and charge backs
instant cash payouts without the third party involvement
the highest revenue percentage for the models
encryption of the personal correspondence, including from the administration
the streaming connection technology without using the servers
earnings possibility for the users
easier and more convenient to work for the beginner models and affiliates
transparency and the open source code

5

25

www.livestars.io

6

25

www.livestars.io

Structure of webcam industry, Problems and solutions
Webcam industry: The main features of the system
When speaking about problems in the system, its structure should first be discussed.
Several famous projects such as: LiveJasmin, Chaturbate, Bongacams, MyFreeCams, and others, hold
the leading positions in the market today.
We have carefully checked the activities of these projects and can see a number of problems in this
obsolete business-scheme.
Participants of the webcam system:
The website–webcam platform, which provides access to models' broadcasts.
Users who are interested in models' services.
Models who are working within certain platforms according to contracts.
Affiliates–partners who attract new users to the website.
Webcam platforms, as a legal entity, can sign contracts with models as an employer, provide them
with creditworthy web traffic and keep the license requirements' in their control.
Activity of the platform is supported by numerous staff, divided into different subdivisions:
department of payment acceptance, responsible for checking of transactions, department of
verification for models, where models are being checked for compliance with the internal rules of the
site, as well as department of payment for models, technical support, moderation department,
marketing department etc.
Currently, the work of the departments is not automated – the staff in the leading webcam sites have
to process huge volumes of information and requests manually and around the clock. To cover the
related costs, the platform has to require substantial commissions from payments – about 60%. Thus,
if user has bought internal value tokens in the amount 100USD and has sent this amount to the
model, she will only get 40USD. The commission level varies from 50% to 80% depending on the
platform.
To get services of the site-platform, user buys tokens. The purchase passes through different
payments processors, after that transaction is checked by the payment department. In case of
credit card fraud or in the case of verified mistake, there is a possibility the department can require
ID documentation in order to identify the person. Documents are stored in a database for the future
identification. If the user has successfully passed the test, he gets tokens in his account and can
transfer it to the models or spend it on extra services of the site.
To receive their earnings, the model has to earn an obligatorily minimal amount according to

7

25

www.livestars.io

contract with the platform. As a rule, websites stipulate a minimal amount of 50USD. Moreover,
payments are transferred within a strict fixed period of time (mostly once a week, on a certain
day). During this hold, the model's account is being checked for possible fraudulent activity. As a
result, earnings of models can be blocked by the administration until all circumstances will be
clear or payment can be completely denied.
For example, on Saturday, a model has earned 100USD for the first time and wants to withdraw
money onto her card. However, the site is making payments only on Thursdays. From the date of
the request, there are 7 days of a hold and on Thursday, the other instance called payout
department is making the money withdrawal manually. In this real-life example, the model was
waiting for money from the website for 12 days. The LiveJasmin project pays the models 20-25
days after the end of the two-week period. Money crediting can also take some time, depending
on the chosen method of payout. Bank transfers, for instance, takes 3 - 5 business days.
The same scheme is working when payout is to be transferred to the studio where models have
been hired. The studio or agency are mediators between the platform and the models. The
mediator takes commission from the model's earnings. If the model works not individually, but for
the studio, she gets on average 20-30% of the amount that the user spends on her.
The principle of minimal payments and expectation times are also valid for partners of webcam
sites so-called affiliates or webmasters, who earn money by attracting creditworthy web traffic.

Problems of the modern webcam industry and their
efficient solutions from Live Stars

Now, as we acknowledged the structure of the webcam industry, we can go into deeper detail
about the actual problems in the system and their solutions, all offered by our team.

Problem 1: Lack of user anonymity
Each webcam site has its own database, where information about all registered users is stored.

8

25

www.livestars.io

This includes the following:
Successful and declined purchases (transactions).
Names and surnames, mentioned during transactions.
IP-addresses, geo-location.
Time of login/logout and other system parameters.
Credit cards details or other methods of payments.
ID numbers in case they were requested and user has submitted them.
All user activity is also recorded, for example, payments to certain models, times of private chats.
Note, that all chats on the sites are stored as logs, including all private chats with models, and
they can be available for administrators at any time to check if there has been any violation of the
stipulated rules.
In case the customer uses his own webcam on the platform (“cam-to-cam” option), broadcast
from user to model is going from the server of the platform. It means that private broadcast can
be watched by the system administrator or any other personnel.
The system can easily track the repeated registrations and it binds the real account owner in
accordance with available information.
All this information is controlled by different employees of the platform and since the system is
not open source, no one can completely guarantee that the gathered data is stored safely,
encoded, and will be deleted within a certain time or upon the user's request.
Live Stars’ solution:
Our team believes that users must be in complete anonymity and security. Only such
conditions can allow for the enjoyment of the wide range of services of webcam for adults.
Services of the Live Stars platform can only be paid for using cryptocurrency tokens. Lack of
payments from fiat currencies makes us free from gathering and requesting the personal details
from users.
Cryptocurrencies will be bought by users from outside services so that way the Live Stars team
won't have the access to information about transactions.
To get services from models on the Live Stars platform, a user who tours the site has to buy
“LIVE” tokens using another cryptocurrency. For our customers’ convenience, there will be a
conversion option in accordance with current the exchange rates. In case the customer prefers to
pay in other currency, there will be the possibility to pass to the independent outside service to
purchase cryptocurrency, including fiat currencies.

9

25

www.livestars.io

Private video-chats, as well as private messages, will be encrypted one-to-one without any
mediators.
Currently, it can be accomplished when using such open-source projects like
WebRTC.
All the above mentioned solutions will be confirmed by an independent audit of the source code
which will be in the public domain.

Problem 2: Payment errors of users
Within usual webcam platforms, all payments from users usually pass through many outside
services of payment acceptance. Usage of such a huge system often leads to failures and errors.
As a result, money crediting to the internal account of user can be postponed for an indefinite
period or even cancelled.
Live Stars’ solution:
As mentioned above, all money transfers within the Live Stars are made exclusively in
cryptocurrencies. Such a format of payment for the service is a much faster and safer method for
any user. The transactions do not require the involvement of third-party intermediaries or
verification by the platform staff.

Problem 3: Low revenue share for models
At the present moment, webcam platforms can seldom offer their models more than 30% from
the amount transferred by the customer. Moreover, payments do not always correspond to the
promised rate – different hidden fees and conversion rates sometimes lead to partial deductions
of the total amount and this causes distrust amongst models. It should also be noted that there is
a commission fee charged by some e-wallets and internet banking solutions.
Live Stars’ solution:
Lack of a payment department, due to its uselessness, as well as the automated work of some
other departments, allow our platform to obtain economic efficiency. Thereby guaranteeing the
payment to the models 70%, with the ability to raise revenues up to 80% from the total amount
transferred by the customer. Thanks to the open source code and lack of mediators for payment
acceptance, the financial area of the platform is absolutely clear for models.

10

25

www.livestars.io

Problem 4: Minimal amount, delays and errors of payouts for models.
The minimum amount for possible withdrawal of the model´s finances today is often $50, if not
higher. Even when the minimum amount is reached, the model has to wait for a specific day of the
week, and even the end of the payout’s period, in order to receive their earnings. In practice, a lot
of beginner models, who tried themselves in this role for the first time, are facing stiff competition
from the top models and cannot collect the minimum amount. The prolonged payouts waiting
time also undermines their trust and leads to models terminating their work.
Live Stars’ solution:
Our platform ensures that the models have absolutely no minimum amount for withdrawal. All
payments on the Live Stars platform are automated using the open smart contracts function,
which completely eliminates the human factor, and significantly minimizes the risk of losing
money. Thus, the model is able to withdraw any amount of money in the wallet at any time.
The beginner model, one that is online for the first time, will be able to immediately withdraw the
resulting earnings. Live Stars provides the lowest learning curve within the webcam industry. The
probability that the model, one that started working for the first time, will continue to earn
through Live Stars is multiplying.
For convenience, the model´s cabinet will offer the possibility to convert the LIVE token into any
other popular cryptocurrency.

Problem 5: Lack of access to payout settings
At the present moment, payment settings are available for the administration of the webcam
platform only.
To change the method of payment or other settings, the model has to contact the correspondent
department, where it will be required to confirm the identity by documentation. It is obvious that
such a system requires extra time and effort, both for the website staff, and the models.
Live Stars’ solution:
On our platform, there are no limiting settings for payment transfer. This helps diminish the
staff and some departments to make the company economy more efficient.
Models will have full control over their finances.

11

25

www.livestars.io

Problem 6: Not transparent rating levels of models
It is obvious that popularity and earnings of the model directly depends on her position in the
site's top lists. Currently, none of the webcam platforms shows the processing algorithm for the
rating levels to the public. This inevitably causes conflicts and suspicions.
Live Stars’ solution:
The processing algorithm of rating levels on our platform will be intuitive for everyone.
Moreover, our open source system allows everyone to make sure that the models' positions are
made automatically, correctly, and impartially.

Problem 7: Insecurity of personal data
In order to prove the age of the model, the model has to submit a copy of her ID when registering
on any webcam sites. This information is stored in a database for further verification even in case
of an account removal by the model. If, in the future, the model will register on the website again,
her new account will be connected with the existing database record. Blocked models won't be
able to pass registration again and it can be checked with the saved data. Currently, there is no
possibility to check and make sure that files with the documents are encoded and safe enough.
There is no guarantee that data cannot be caught by intruders. There is also no confidence in the
fact that files could be deleted after a certain amount of time.
Live Stars’ solution:
Our platform is organized in a way that allows the model to upload or delete all the necessary
information themselves, which is guaranteed by the open source code. After any document is
uploaded and verified to the administration, it will be encrypted. If the model deletes the
document, she will not be able to start a stream and will only be allowed to continue after the
document is uploaded and verified again.

Problem 8: Chargebacks (cancellation of model’s earnings)
Nowadays, stolen credit cards are often used to pay for the model’s services. In this case, it’s fairly
easy for the actual owner of the card to prove that they haven’t made any payments to the
platform. If that happens, the website is obligated to return the charged amount back to the
owner’s account. Sometimes, the funds are withdrawn from the model’s account, which violates
the values of fair labor compensation.

12

25

www.livestars.io

Live Stars’ solution:
Since all financial activities on the Live Stars platform are made using cryptocurrency, credit card
fraud becomes impossible. This gives the models full confidence in the security of their earnings.

Problem 9: Problems of affiliates similar to the problems of models
One of the most important aspects of any webcam system is its affiliates – the website’s
partners whose responsibilities include attracting financially reliable web traffic to the platform.
They encounter some of the aforementioned problems: the minimum withdrawal amount, waiting
for the payment period, possibility of payments being declined etc.
Live Stars’ solution:
As mentioned before, there are no minimum withdrawal amounts on the Live Stars platform,
which provides immediate payments, it guaranties no delays, and eliminates the human factor
from the equation. The system functions automatically, which is a firm guarantee of both the
integrity and transparency of payments for the models and any associated affiliates. This provides
a simple learning curve and rapid earnings.

13

25

www.livestars.io

LIVE STARS’ additional advantages
There will be no purchase limits on the platform.
We plan to cut server maintenance expenses significantly by utilizing peer-to-peer content distribution network for public streaming.
Additional work will be done in order to make our platform compatible with the modern Lovense
and Ohmibod toys. These are simple adult toys which react to the amount of the tip given by the
user and are very popular with the models.
Private video chats and messages will be carried out through webRTC on ‘one-to-one’ principle
without a server. No mediators (including administrators) will have access to private information.
The LIVE token acquisition interface will be simple and intuitive, and easy to understand
step-by-step video instructions will also be available. Users who are not familiar with cryptocurrencies will be given the option of exchanging to fiat money with just a few clicks.
Withdrawals for the models, affiliates, and users will be possible in several popular cryptocurrencies.
On the platform, the prices will be displayed in both LIVE and in USD, for the convenience of users.
The platform will have an improved system of referrals, providing an opportunity to earn not only for
the models, but also for the users. Current websites include a single-tier referral program. Thanks to
the blockchain’s reliability and our automated system, we created a multi-tiered referral program for
all the people involved without any glitches or time limitations.

Payout
department

Billing
department

3

7 - 15 days

Checking transaction

70-80%
6

5

30-50%

Model

1

User

Smart-contract

2

4

Webcam site

Model

2

Buying tokens

Payment
processors

Live Stars
Buying tokens

1

User

14

25

www.livestars.io

Competitor Comparison

Live Stars

Streamate

Chaturbate

BongaCams

LiveJasmin

70%-80%

35%

50%

40-50%

30-40%

Payout delay

No

10 + 10 days

22 days
(15 days period
7 days hold)

12 days
(7 days period
5 days hold)

20-25 days

Min. payout amount

No

100$

50$

50$

100$

Decentralization
Open Source

Blockchain usage

User Anonymity

Revenue Share

15

25

www.livestars.io

Industry facts
The following information has been collected based on the work of the technical support of one of
the top webcam sites:
The technical support department receives an average of 750 chats per day and receives an
average of 100 emails with various problems.
20% of the applications are related to changing the payment method for the models/studios.
Another 20% is a problem when the users purchase tokens - the user performed one of the
payment methods available but did not receive the tokens.
10% requests are related to deletion of the accounts and personal information from the
database. All the accounts are possible to recovery.
10% of the applications are related to the uncertainty of the model´s display on the ranking
page.
10% are related to the problem of not getting models paid out from the webcam payout
department.
The remaining 30% are technical problems associated with broadcasting and other issues.
On average, there are 250 new model registrations on a top website per day.
80% of them are the new models who never before worked on this particular platform.
10% of these new models become successful models that work in the future as well.
60-70% of the new models stop working before they can collect the minimal amount for
withdrawal.
99% of the newly registered male models never collect the minimal amount for withdrawal.

16

25

www.livestars.io

Conclusion
While working on the study, we performed an additional survey among models and users.
The models were asked to specify some of the aspects of the current webcam sites they were not
content with. High commissions, long waits for payments, doubts about confidentiality and the
security of their personal data was mentioned.
The users who were presented with similar questions stated their disappointment by the fact that
the majority of their payments goes to the platform’s owners, not the models. They are also
concerned about their anonymity and security. They also experience delays when making purchases
and bad service.
Our project team took the participants’ wishes and growing demand into account, while also
achieving cuts in expenses by automating business processes and getting rid of unnecessary
departments.
The LIVE token will be the only possible form of payment on the Live Stars platform. Token emission
is limited. 70% of the tokens will be in the hands of investors, while the remaining tokens that are
unsold during the crowdsale will be burned.
We are sure that the integration of the latest technological solutions and Live Star’s open-book
policy will soon become a great advantage in marketing campaigns and will allow the project to take
a leading position in webcam industry.

17

25

www.livestars.io

Live Stars team
By now, the project team consists of 5 main specialists. During the development phase, we plan to
expand the team. Later there will be a Live Stars model management department and the marketing
department, both headed by highly qualified specialists in their respective fields.
Alexander Kansky — Aleksander is the lead programmer of the Live Stars project who has broad
skills and a considerable experience in IT field. He started his software developer career in 1987 and
in 1999 he started to work as a senior software developer. He has worked in various international
large-scale projects and also took part in creating the architecture of one of the leading webcam
platforms. He has Master's degree in applied mathematics.
Martins Heidenbergs — Martins is an organizational lead of Live Stars project and he is also in charge
of token sale marketing. He has degree in Information Technology - Project Management. He has
participated in different projects on a global scale and has work experience in large international
company. His main goal is to do everything possible to create an excellent product and ensure Live
Stars success!
Oleg Kurov — Oleg is a programmer of Live Stars project. He has wide experience in programming
high-load administration systems at an international company, and is always keeping up with the
latest software design patterns and standards. His creative thinking is essential to solving non-trivial
problems.
Linda Gabrane — Linda is the head of Live Stars finances and community management. She is in
charge of budgeting and business analytics as well as community management. Her main task is to
provide creative alternatives and recommendations to reduce costs and improve financial performance taking into account company's goals and financial standing. She has work experience in the
banking sector.
Aleksander Rivkin — Aleksander is a designer of Live Stars platform and is responsible for the interactive aspects of Live Stars platform and ensuring the service is convenient for both models and
members. Has over 6 years of experience in design of feature rich apps & websites with deep
engagement and large user base.

Advisors

Anton Shayakhov — B2B and B2C marketing experience. Eight years of experience in start-ups
and large corporations. Marketing agency founder.

18

25

www.livestars.io

Roadmap
September 2017
LIVE token presale

October 2017 - January 2018
Marketing and preparation of Live Stars token sale
Team expansion
Pre-alpha development

15 January 2018 - February 2018
Live Stars token sale

February 2018 - March 2018
Alpha version development
Wallet development
Partnership with other blockchain projects for the platform’s functionality improvement.

April 2018
Acquisition of the necessary licenses
Beta-version development
Security audit

Q3-Q4 2018
Final release
Start of marketing campaign
Bringing in models, affiliates, users
Conference and meeting participation (LalExpo, AWSummit, ThePhoenixForum etc.)

19

25

www.livestars.io

Marketing plan
To promote Live Stars, a 12 month marketing plan was created with the description of the tasks for
each month. This includes:
Unique selling offer
Audience
Research
Brand
Analytics and KPI
PPC
SEO
Activation and retention
Co-marketing
Working with users
Community management
Gantt Chart
Resource spending and more

This document goes beyond describing the Live Stars platform, for simplicity’s sake it was compiled
in a separate file. You may introduce yourself with the marketing plan by following this link:
https://livestars.io/marketing_en/

20

25

www.livestars.io

Crowdsale
The crowdsale launch date is set for 15.01.2018. Collection of the funds and emission of the Live
Stars tokens are intended to finance the Live Stars marketing and advertising platform, as well as
the software development for the Live Stars platform. The LIVE tokens will be used to pay for the
services within the Live Stars platform.
Sending the funds during the token sale can be performed using the ETH and BTC currencies. The
contract address will be available on the website https://livestars.io after the crowdsale begins. The
tokens will be immediately transferred after receiving the funds on the contract address.
There will be 79 928 407 tokens-"LIVE" emitted.
The token sale (January 2017 - February 2017).
Soft Cap - $ 500,000
Hard Cap - $ 5,000,000
Cost of 1 LIVE = $0.20
Unsold tokens will be burned.
If the soft cap is not reached, the funds will be automatically refunded to the participants by smart
contract.

The tokens allocated as the team reward will be frozen for 1 year after the crowdsale.

21

25

www.livestars.io

Distribution of tokens

Crowdsale
60.0%
Team

Live Stars fund

14.0%

14.0%
Presale
10%

Bounty
compaigns
2.0%

10% will be available for participants during the presale stage
60% will be available for participants during the second round of the crowdsale
14% will be allocated to the Live Stars fund
14% the team will receive as a bonus
2% will be allocated to bounty campaigns

22

25

www.livestars.io

Distribution of funds

Marketing
60.0%
Software development
30.0%
Legal
10.0%

Software development
30% of the funds will be allocated to the main group of Live Stars developers for financing
the creation of the initial prototype and after that creation of all the necessary improvements
in order to obtain a fully working version. It includes the costs of independent safety audits.

Marketing
60% of the funds will be allocated to marketing, attraction and engagements of the models
and users to the existing Live Stars platform.

Legal
10% of the funds will be allocated to the development of solid legal basis for the Live Stars
platform.

23

25

www.livestars.io

Terms and conditions
The provided materials are strictly of an informational nature and are by no means an offer to sell
stocks of other securities on the Live Stars platform nor is it an appeal for such activities.
Absence of the controlling right
The conditions of owning LIVE tokens exclude any proprietary rights or title of ownership at Live
Stars for the user. Also, the purchase of the token does not give the owner the right to take part in
the decision making process in matters of business development connected to the Live Star
platform, however, personal opinions and reviews of the community might be taken into account
during discussion of such matters. LIVE tokens are used only for purchasing services at Live Stars
platform.
On absence of guarantees of income and profit provision
All the provided calculations of income and profit are of illustrative nature, they demonstrate the
goals and the average results for the field. The given calculations do not guarantee the achievement of the given results according to the marketing plan.
Standard ambiguity
The technologies, which are related to the blockchain, are subject to monitoring and control of
various regulatory authorities all over the world. LIVE tokens might be subject to one or more
inquiries and actions from their side including but not limited to posting restrictions on use or
ownership of digital tokens, such as LIVE tokens. These restrictions might slow down or limit the
functionality or reacquisition of LIVE tokens in the future.
LIVE tokens are not an investment
Live Stars tokens are not regarded as official investments or investments effectual in law. In case
of unforeseen circumstances, the goals provided in this document can be changed. The parties
partaking in the purchase of Live Stars’ tokens bear all the risks of the given transaction.
The danger of quantum computers
Contemporary informational technologies, such as the development of quantum computers, may
create danger for the cryptocurrency, including LIVE tokens.
Insufficient implementation
Despite the fact that LIVE tokens should not be regarded as an investment, they may, in time,
acquire value. Their value might also fall if the Live Stars platform experiences shortages in their
purchase and usage.
Risk of money loss
The funds obtained during the ICO process are not ensured. In case of loss of value, there is no
private or public insurance representative to whom the buyer may refer.

24

25

www.livestars.io

Risk of failure
It is not impossible that the Live Stars platform and all the following marketing actions connected
to it, due to various reasons including inadequacy of business agreements or marketing strategies,
will not be able to achieve success using the funds from current ICO.
Risk of new technologies
Cryptocurrencies, including LIVE tokens, are a new and not fully proven technology. There are
additional risks, which might not be foreseeable at this point in time and which can be presented
in different types of risks from the ones stated above.
Consent to the terms and conditions of warranty
You agree that the usage or inability to use Live tokens by you is carried out at your own risk,
therefore you will not hold the Live Stars platform accountable.
LIVE tokens will be sent to you without warranty, explicit or implied. By agreeing to the aforementioned terms and conditions you renounce any guarantees of commercial value for
accomplishment of a certain goal and accept the name with no intellectual rights infringement.
Due to the fact that some jurisdictions do not allow far exclusion of implied guarantees, the
mentioned above exclusions of the implied guarantees may not be applied to you.

25

25

www.livestars.io

