Lobstex (LOBS)
Zerocoin: Masternodes: Anonymous
Trust Thy Trustless

Whitepaper v1.0

LOBSTEX - WHITEPAPER

1

Introduction
Cryptocurrency is a digital asset that inherently act as an exchange medium

using the technology of cryptography to safely secure it’s concerned transactions resulting in control of the newly generated additional currency units
and subsequently verifying the asset transfer.
If we look back at the history of cryptocurrencies, Satoshi Nakamoto, the
pseudonymous inventor of Bitcoin, never had the intention of inventing a
cryptocurrency viz. Bitcoin. Nakamoto, made an announcement in late 2008
about Bitcoin, he mentioned about the development of an electronic cash
system based on peer to peer.

“Announcing the first release of Bitcoin, a new electronic cash system
that uses a peer-to-peer network to prevent double-spending. It’s completely decentralized with no server or central authority”.
– Satoshi Nakamoto, 09 January 2009, announcing Bitcoin on SourceForge.

Nakamoto, took along the concept of digital cash and added a dimension of
decentralization, after the concept of digital money failed in 90’s decade :

“ … after more than a decade of failed Trusted Third Party based systems (Digicash, etc), they see it as a lost cause. I hope they can make the
distinction, that this is the first time I know of that we’re trying a nontrust based system”.
– Satoshi Nakamoto in an E-Mail to Dustin Trammell

LOBSTEX - WHITEPAPER

2

The problems faced in this system were double spending and consensus
system to verify without having a central authority in control. In a network
having decentralized perspective, there is no particular server. Thus, every
single unit of node or network fulfil this promise of completing the job. The
network works on the basis of every single peer having a list of all transactions to verify and check regarding the validity and of forthcoming transactions and minimise the risk of double spending. The proposed consensus
included a set of rules, most of which regard transaction’s validation and
transaction’s block. The latter are transaction groups close in time, cryptographically concatenated to compose the blockchain, that led to birth of
cryptocurrency.

LOBSTEX - WHITEPAPER

3

Source: Blockgeeks

The main properties of cryptocurrency includes: Irreversible (once a transaction is made it is not possible to retrieve it back), Pseudonymous (neither
the transaction nor accounts are connected to there real identities of users),
Permission-less (no central authority to monitor and gatekeeping to your
transactions on blockchain), Boundary-less (no geographical boundaries for
any transaction), Secure (cryptographically only public key is visible, private
key is always protected), Fast (transaction takes place near instantaneous in
real time).

Evolution of Privacy
The first cryptocurrency i.e. Bitcoin works on the principle of transparency
at an unprecedented level which the people find difficult to comprehend.
Every transaction made on Bitcoin blockchain is traceable, in public scrutiny and are stored on blockchain network permanently. The addresses used
in Bitcoin blockchain provides the visibility and information regarding the
origin and destination of bitcoin transactions. Although, the addresses are
private in nature but overtime they can be easily traced with the help of
tracking back transactions on blockchain and can be pinpointed to the origin providing a complete history of all the nature, time and place (ip) to locate the same. As the bitcoin blockchain is transparent anyone can track the
final and used balance of a wallet or address. As the users provide the identity of wallet address to offer and receive services/goods, the anonymity of a
transaction gets hampered. Given the nature of permanency of blockchain
what might not be traceable or trackable presently could be traced easily in
future. An advice to users can be provided to users to generate new addresses for every transaction on internet. The bitcoin was perceived to be

LOBSTEX - WHITEPAPER

4

anonymous network for payment flow, however, it is the pinnacle of transparency on a decentralized network.
The basic ideology behind the first cryptocurrency Bitcoin and for that matter every other crypto in world was created with an intention of removing
the centralized governance of prevailing monetary system and providing the
power and governance to people by snatching from the governance of governments and centralised banking system. The technology of cryptography
was used to make the monetary system transparent and free from the
clutches of centralization. The transparent technology behind Bitcoin provided it as an alternative to controlled monetary assets having the various
layers of security and anonymity to an extent.
1. Fungible: Every unit of the crypto currency base has the same value and
can be interchanged on mutual basis. There is no inherent risk of
blacklisting and debasement because of depreciated transactional history
2. Private: Upto a certain extent the transactions, the wallet, history and nature are not traceable easily
3. Decentralized: Every node on the network has equal controlling power
over blockchain minimizing the centralized nature of prevailing monetary currencies. The crypto does not represent any central authority
to adhere to.

The revolution in financial sector sermonize the needed freedom in managing and maintaining one’s financial aspect of transferring value from one
end to another without having any pre required permission from centralised agencies whether government or banks or any third party, giving the

LOBSTEX - WHITEPAPER

5

transparency to all transactions provided it is used for only legal means, for
this purpose it was created.

Masternode

“If you don't find a way to make money while you sleep, you will work
until you die.” - Warren Buffett
Masternode can be best described as a network of decentralized nodes to
utilize some peculiar functionality which a normal node doesn’t entails. The
basic features includes instant transactions with the privacy status in addition to bring stability to blockchain. The masternodes perform some other
functions too in comparison to normal nodes. The masternode function was
first conceptualized by the cryptocurrency Dash.
The special functions which master nodes perform in comparison to normal
nodes are:
✓ Heightening the private nature of transactions
✓ Making transactions instantaneous
✓ Providing base for healthy governance and equality in voting system
✓ Additionality to Budget provisioning and Treasury functions

LOBSTEX - WHITEPAPER

6

The Masternodes (MN) does not work on a standalone point, however, are
always interacting and communicating with other basic nodes to make the
network more decentralized and performing the required functionality.

However, as it is a special category which comes with some pre qualification
to enjoy the higher benefits compared to basic nodes to keep the systematic
malignancy in abyss. There are some entry point barriers to operate masternodes as one need to keep a collateral of the basic currency units under
lock, and it varies from one currency to other.

The basic requirements to setup Lobstex Masternode:

•

A minimum amount of coins : 10000 LOBS

•

A separate VPS (virtual private server) Ubuntu 16.04 x 64 operating
24 x 7 for hosting wallet

•

A dedicated IP address to do the same

•

Additional storage space for saving the blockchain

The masternode owners gets incentivized more by providing a collateral to
the blockchain system compared to Pow or Pos miners. As a result of this,
masternodes give genuine services to the whole blockchain in a validation
system of bondage. The concerned bondage is not permanent as the owners
are responsible for providing stability as collateral or liquidating by shutting
the node off. The benefits of having a masternode weighs more to not having one, as it provides more consistency and locking the coins means less
circulating supply resulting in appreciation of concerned cryptocurrency.

LOBSTEX - WHITEPAPER

7

Proof of Stake (PoS)

Proof of Stake is a system of validating the transactions on blockchain to
achieve a consensus in a distributed manner. The algorithm is different
from Proof of Work, however the purpose and outcome remains same keeping the process unlike.
The first time Proof of Stake was idealized in a cryptocurrency forum bitcointalk dated back at initial stage of Bitcoin in 2011, however, the idea was
first conceptualized in a cryptocurrency name Peercoin back in 2012, later
on followed by other coins like Blackcoin, Navcoin, Nxt, etc
In a system of proof of work the miners are rewarded to solve complex
mathematical problems governed by an algorithm with an aim to validate
the given transactions on blockchain and generating new blocks, however,
in case of proof of stake the algorithm determines and chooses the new
block in a simplistic and deterministic manner which depends on the
wealth of wallet holder, called as staking.
There is no block reward in Proof of Stake like PoW, as the crypto currency
or coins generated from the start remains unchanged and as there is no reward per block, the transactional fee is taken by miners, thus, in the system
of PoS, miners might also be called as forgers.
The validators in proof of stake does not use the computational power of
their machines, as the only requirement is having the number of coins in

LOBSTEX - WHITEPAPER

8

your wallet and staking them receives new coins depending on the complexity and difficulty of concerned blockchain. The number of coins in your
wallet or wealth determines the stake or coins one will generate over the
course of time.
The new scenario of such staking has opened up the options to discourage
PoW coins in future because of the benefits it entails:
1. The PoW requires a high computational power from machines, however
PoS is simplistic and resulting in huge savings in energy, which is unfortunately a limited resource.
2. In comparison to PoW, the chain on PoS is safer, as network attacks on
blockchain become highly expensive, take a case of hacking where a 51% attack happens and the reaction will be of high appreciation in coin value on
market, thus making it more unlikely.

In the Proof of Stake system of algorithm, the efficiency in generating new
coins increases manyfold as it is environmental friendly and having substantially low costs compared to PoW gauging more participation from the
coin holders or masses which finally result in the main aim of creating
blockchain’s decentralization freeing from the clutches of autocratic monetary system.

LOBSTEX - WHITEPAPER

9

Zerocoin Protocol
Zerocoin aims to be the protocol which is decentralized in nature using the
e-cash schematics providing quite a proven user anonymity and security of
coin based on simplistic assumption of a distributed consensus in an online
and append-only transactions over the blockchain. zLOBS works on zerocoin protocol by enforcing zero-knowledge proofs. The zLOBS (zerocoin)
feature will be activated at 43201 block when the PoW will end.
How to mint process: Firstly you need to select the number of coins when
you want to send a private transaction with zLOBS. After determining the
numbers, the balance of your normal coin will reduce by crediting the new
zLOBS having no history of transaction. The concept of burning comes in
picture, the old coins gets burned using cryptography making it inaccessible
and creating a preventive shield to use old coins by anyone on chain and
tracking the same to one’s transactional history. The total supply remain
unchanged with new coins on system and old coins being burnt, one is
ready to do the most private transaction in world without having any traceability.

The denomination of minting zLOBS are in 1,5,10,50,100,500,1000 and
5000 currently on Lobstex chain. Take an example of ‘100’ new zLOBS to be
minted, after burning the old coin instantly the new coins ‘100’ zLOBS will
be credited in your wallet having no history of whatsoever.

LOBSTEX - WHITEPAPER

10

How to Spend: If you want to make a private and anonymous transaction,
the new ‘100’ zLOBS will be used in the process. The amount will be sent to
a wallet with no history attached to it, in any denomination of choice from
the pool.

Repeating the process : In the same manner, whenever a private transaction
is the need, the wallet owner will mint the new coins and send it to new
wallet ’n’ number of times, keeping the privacy as focus.

The anonymity feature of Lobstex (LOBS) offers the par level of best practices in crypto world when one mints and spend the zLOBS (zerocoins)

There are two layers or systems of Lobstex (LOBS)
LOBS (as the base coin)
zLOBS (zerocoin)
LOBS is the base coin of chain, which acts as normal coin in compared to
any other blockchain coin like Bitcoin. Every transaction of LOBS is visible
on the chain using explorer and transparent in nature, keeping the address
on same level as Bitcoin blockchain having public history and accessible to
all.
The zLOBS (zerocoin) layer is however will provide the full privacy and
anonymity to the transaction and it works by using the method of minting
new coins and spending the same. The zerocoin protocol is the mechanism
where the old coins are burnt to provide new coins with no history and
then converting the new coins to old coins, and the process goes on and on
to remove the traces of any public visibility. In contrast to other methods of

LOBSTEX - WHITEPAPER

11

coins having mixing algorithm, zLOBS does not interact or rely upon any
other wallets or entity for mixing coins, thus it works on the fundamental of
creation of new coins in Lobstex’s own zerocoin protocol instead of relying
on unhealthy mixing of old coins which might prove to be vulnerable in regard to full privacy.
Budget System and Governance
Lobstex Budget System allows for community based governance. The fundamental challenge to a blockchain comes when the work gets halted after
the deployment of it due to lack of funds. Thus, there has always been a
pressing need for additional funding in order to carry on the process and
development. Lobstex Budget system allows for the necessary funding for
developers fee, marketing and miscellaneous tasks to be performed.
How Budget system works
Lobstex budget system relies on the fair and transparent governance of
community. It is the Masternode holders who can vote for a particular budgetary task. The ‘Yes’ has to be more than ‘No’, for a task to be accepted. The
budget proposals can be seen from Tools, debug console of wallet using
“mnbudget show” command and voted by using “mnbudget vote” in the
console.
To keep the community driven projects focus will be more on development
of project and it’s marketing strategies. Lobstex derives the value from the
consensus system of governance to give equal opportunity to take part in
the process of decision making for the future needs. The master nodes apart
from providing the stability to blockchain keep the decentralized governance in control.

LOBSTEX - WHITEPAPER

12

Lobstex (LOBS) Specifications
Website: www.lobstex.com
Official launch date : 02 MAY, 2018
Coin Basic Specs
Name: Lobstex
Ticker: LOBS
Algorithm: Quark
Type: PoS and PoW (Initially)
RPC Port: 15156
P2P Port: 14146

Blocks
Block Time: 60 sec
Structure:
~ 0 TO 43200 : PoW
~ 43201 to INF: Pos
Total Supply: Infinite (78.6 million in 10 years)
Circulating Supply: 7.8 mil

LOBSTEX - WHITEPAPER

13

Masternodes
Collateral: 10000 LOBS
Mature Time : 4 Hours
Reward Structure:
~ 0 to 5000 : No Reward, 100% Miners
~ 5001 to 43200 : 50% Masternodes, 50% Miners
~ 43201 TO INF : 60% Masternodes, 40% Stakers
Staking Block Rewards
0 to 500: 5 Per Block (Anti Instamine)
501 to 100000: 40 Per Block
100001 to 300000: 30 Per Block
300001 to Inf: 15 Per Block
Zerocoin Protocol
zLOBS - activated at 43201 Block
Wallets
www.lobstex.com
https://github.com/avymantech/lobstex/releases/tag/v2.0

Block Explorer
http://explorer.lobstex.com/
https://lobstex.chainmapper.com/

Github
https://github.com/avymantech/lobstex

LOBSTEX - WHITEPAPER

14

Roadmap
Q2, 2018 : New Exchanges , Whitepaper, Zerocoin Protocol, Publicity
Q3, 2018 : Mobile Wallets, Partnerships, New Exchanges
Q4, 2018 : LOBS Exchange, Dealership Program, Bigger Exchanges
Q1, 2019 : Colossal Protocol,QR Integration, Marketplace

Exchanges
FatBTC https://www.fatbtc.com/
CryptoBridge https://crypto-bridge.org/
Graviex https://graviex.net/markets/lobsbtc

Contact
support@lobstex.com
vacancy@lobstex.com
market@lobstex.com

Social
ANN https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=3483089.0
Twitter https://twitter.com/LOBSTEXofficial
Discord https://discord.gg/pdUX3Uh
Telegram https://t.me/lobstexofficial
Reddit https://www.reddit.com/user/lobstex
Medium https://medium.com/lobstex

LOBSTEX - WHITEPAPER

15

