9 月 4 日 20:00 来 ico.info 参与麦奇 ico 之旅

想·
1

We are all born to be lonely
We all live in a lone islet
Symbols are the only means to exchange idea
If the only thing ensured are
Flags and obstacles
While our symbols are
Neither our originals nor valuables
Then, we are never free
Because for us
There’s no ship to take the wealth of mind to other’s hand

So, we arouse the free will
Lower the flag and break the barriers
Our common symbol carries private values
We give our bodies a clear meaning
When lonely
To each other we are dependent and open
Know others and be known by others!

2

Maggie and SNS

I. About MAGGIE
II. About Social Network Service (SNS)

Why is Maggie Devoted to
SNS?

III. Pain Spots of the SNS Sector and Maggie’s
Solutions
3-1 Security & Privacy
3-2 Transaction Experience
3-3 Credit System

How does Maggie Engage Itself
in SNS?

IV. Product Technical Structure
4-1 Protection Mechanism for User’s Core Privacy
4-2 Encrypted Communication
4-3 Construction of Maggie’s Whole-Network Analysis
Platform
4-4 Intelligent Matching Model
4-5 Transaction Secured with Smart Contract
4-6 Real and Pamper-Proof Evaluation System
4-7 MAG and Return Mechanism

How to Work with Maggie?

V. Construction of SNS Ecosystem
VI. Value of MAG
VII. Maggie’s Development Schedule

3

MAGGIE AND SOCIAL NETWORK SERVICE
I.

ABOUT MAGGIE

Maggie has created a brand new social blockchain ecosystem, aiming to transform the
traditional model of centralized SNS with blockchain technology. Maggie positions itself as an
SNS platform featuring strict certification, high privacy, weak tie and strong personality, and
will facilitate efficient transfer of values among users through whole-network analysis &
matching and smart contract. Also, the unique tamper-resistance of blockchain automatically
establishes a credit system at Maggie’s platform.
Maggie is committed and devoted to attracting and gathering those in pursuit of joy and liberty
globally to give a full play to all their value and demands. Benifiting from a special circulation
channel for social relationship, Maggie will guide users to co-build a spontaneous and beneficial
decentralized social network. In the process of realizing user value, Maggie will offer guidance
to the network community, actively assist users with the formulation of a community
“Constitution” --- smart contract, and construct a whole-network data analysis system. Unlike
other SNS platforms, Maggie will not seek participation or interference in the transactions in
any capacity.
Maggie offers effective solutions to pain spots of current social apps --- lack of distinctive
features, difficulty in identifying ideal partners, high cost of offline meeting, and poor credit
security. Social functions enabled by Maggie cover not only dating, but also other multiple
social activities such as reward mission, business cooperation and interest groups. For these
DAPPs, Maggie will provide the blockchain-based infrastructure to create a more extensive
value ecosystem.

4

II.

ABOUT SOCIAL NETWORK SERVICE

According to mUserTracker, a data monitoring service of iResearch, there were nearly 590
million independent devices operating mobile social apps in China as of May, 2017. The number
of mobile app users has been rising continuously, experiencing a slowed growth after the rapid
increase in 2016 and witnessing a steady increase in 2017.
iResearch found that nearly half of those surveyed used mobile social apps over three times a
day. This frequency is made possible by lower traffic cost as well as more convenient and
powerful app functions. Intensively used mobile social apps are evolving into platform-level
entrance apps. Over 80 percent of the users spent more than one hour on mobile social apps.
For most users, mobile social apps have become indispensible to their cell phones.
iResearch also highlights two habits among mobile app users:
1. 53.9 percent of the users update their status on 2-3 different apps, indicating their objective
need for multiple identities, multiple personalities and multiple social functions.
2. Over 80 percent of the users successfully make friends through mobile social apps and 60
percent of the users go offline for meeting or party, indicating that users have a persistently
strong need for “making friends” at any time. Further study also shows that the “feeling of
loneliness” tends to intensify in the modern age.
Inspired by these stunning figures, many SNS giants have taken the opportunities to emerge
home and abroad. They have been either expanding market share based on the existing user
base, or transplanting international models into China: SNS for acquaintances, professionals,
matchmaking, campus, homosexual, etc. However, within such prosperity, risks loom large.

5

WHY IS MAGGIE DEVOTED TO SNS
III. PAIN SPOTS OF THE SNS SECTOR AND MAGGIE’S SOLUTIONS
As a seasoned professional team with 7 years of experience in SNS, Maggie has tried 206
mainstream Chinese and foreign social apps and found that for existing centralized social
products, there are still many pain spots that can’t be systematically avoided or solved. These
pain spots cover three aspects: security & privacy, transaction experience, and credit system.
Based on these three aspects, our analysis revealed 6 core pain spots: lack of protection for
core privacy; failure to raise real demand; arbitrary interception, storage & analysis of user’s
communications; difficulty in properly matching real demand; high time cost & lack of
protection for transaction process; ineffective reviewing/rating/endorsing system.
After making in-depth analysis and dissection of the above pain spots and considering technical
features of blockchain, Maggie offers its unique solutions. We believe these solutions constitute
not only technical innovations for SNS products, but also an overhaul to the business model of
the SNS ecosystem.

SECURITY & PRIVACY
1. LACK OF PROTECTION FOR CORE PRIVACY
As user’s personal information becomes increasingly valuable in the Internet era, the wish for
privacy protection has also grown stronger. However, in order to verify the authentic identity of
users, traditional centralized platforms and various O2O intermediaries require their core
private information to be collected and recorded for identification: cell phone number, ID
information, home address, bank card information, etc.
Regarding privacy protection, the only measure available for users is to enhance online security
awareness. They have no other option but to accept the systematic collection of their private
information by centralized platforms. Once their core privacy and transaction information are
sold or stolen, they will be troubled by endless spams on house purchasing, interior finish and
usurious loan as well as numerous swindles involving shopping refund and air ticket change, etc.
The negative impact on users will be even worse if their private information at dating platforms
is accessed without authorization.

6

As online activities increase, users inevitably leave more and more traces of social behaviors.
It’s very easy for strangers to get user’s core private information from these traces. In case of
any online or offline dispute, “Internet mass hunting” may occur and escalate into “cyber
violence”. ASHLEY MADISON, a well-known extramarital dating website of Canada, promised its
users to remove all their credit card accounts and transaction information upon payment from
them. However, following a successful hacking of this website, it turned out that their
information had not been deleted and the hackers threatened to gradually leak such
information in an attempt to force its closure. The havoc on the users and their families had
been irreparable.
【Maggie’s Solution】
Maggie offers a full set of protection mechanism for user’s core privacy. The whole process
is similar to a masked ball. Maggie will meticulously verify the identity of participants to
ensure only those qualified can enter the room. Inside the room, everyone wears a mask,
irreversibly isolated from their original identity. Maggie will adopt a multi-level effective
KYC and user address (similar to that of BitCoin) as the sole ID.

2. FAILURE TO RAISE REAL DEMAND
Without effective protection of their core privacy, users won’t have the confidence to raise real
and personalized social demand. However, even with their privacy protected, if they are
operating on a social network with strong ties (acquaintance social platform based on user’s
real identity), they still won’t have the motivation to freely and comfortably raise their
personalized demand.
This is especially true with existing mainstream SNS platforms, as can be shown in a comparison
between Weibo and Wechat. At Weibo with a much weaker link with acquaintances, users are
more active and bold in expressing more personal views. In other countries, when Facebook
became the mainstream, young people gradually turned to Instagram and Snapchat, which
offered more privacy.
Anyway, at SNS platforms based on authentic identity, we have found no full and free
expression of user’s personalized demand. This is not only due to the self-positioning of the SNS
software, but also due to the insufficient infrastructure of the traditional centralized system.

7

【Maggie’s Solution】
Naturally, an isolation and protection mechanism for user’s core privacy is the basis for
addressing this pain spot. With no intention to create a close-tie social network, Maggie
designs its product to avoid the traditional “friends” and “following” functions and to
weaken interpersonal connection. Even when an old user invites an acquaintance to
Maggie as a new user, neither of them will know each other’s ID at Maggie.

3. ARBITRARY INTERCEPTION, STORAGE & ANALYSIS OF USER’S
COMMUNICATIONS
User’s communications, if transferred via a centralized server, can be easily stored and
processed by this centralized server. Point-to- point communications that mostly use plain text
can be easily intercepted online. Except for certain communication software such as Apple
iMessage, at present there are rarely other social products capable of encrypting user’s
communications.
From another perspective, SNS software may use big data platform to segment, process and
analyze communications, so as to optimize user labeling and make recommendations more
accurately.
Some companies with access to bottom facilities may abuse their advantages in operating
system to analyze and process information from social software. For example, the operating
system of a famous mobile phone company enables it to attach relevant advertisements to
user’s SMS messages. Another company has a mobile phone operating system capable of
illegally intercepting user’s Wetchat communications to push advertisements accordingly,
viewing this as the so-called application of artificial intelligence.
【Maggie’s Solution】
Maggie adopts an encryption method that combines public key & private key system with
symmetric key, so as to provide users with the most secure and most efficient
point-to-point communication.

8

TRANSACTION EXPERIENCE
4. DIFFICULTY IN PROPERLY MATCHING REAL DEMAND
Accurate matching is difficult between quality service and urgent demand. There are many
reasons for this. First, traditional SNS evaluation system is vulnerable to exaggeration and
distortion, making it increasingly difficult to find relatively valuable transactions and nodes
from social network. Second, the current user recommendation and matching system are all
based on single user profile (tens of millions of vector input, big data analysis platform,
machine learning algorithm). For the multi-dimensional social network, current analysis
platform lacks the effective whole-network analysis method, failing to fully utilize the relevance
between network nodes. Third, spam information and spam push are unavoidable. Users will
naturally leave the platform when signal-to-noise ratio is down to a certain point.
Weak-tie SNS, to which Maggie attaches high priority, almost all products have an online
matching function. The advertised intelligent functions and behavior recording are actually
nothing but label matching based on a list of numerous labels, without any advanced
technology used. Users of such SNS are subject to a simple “matching by face”, while the
multiple social demands of them are not fully satisfied.
In the traditional centralized stranger social apps, there’s a persistent consumption trap. Such
traps are especially evident for matchmaking apps: the operator lures users with various good
recommendations, to which they have no access unless they pay for premium service. For most
free users, only “plain matches” are available. Also in other extended areas of SNS, centralized
ranking and recommendation mechanism are obstructing quick discovery of best matches.
【Maggie’s Solution】
The authentic, credible and tamper-proof evaluation system built by Maggie on the basis of
blockchain will be an important input for matching. The intelligent whole-network analysis
platform not only contributes to weighted calculation of the evaluation system, but also
quickly selects qualified good users at the platform. Maggie also offers a MAG-pledge
policy similar to PoS, so that good users with more MAGs will be prioritized in matching.

9

5. HIGHLY TIME-CONSUMING & LACK OF PROTECTION FOR TRANSACTION
PROCESS
Taking matchmaking as an example, even both sides are satisfied online(with great effort),the
bigger challenge follows: how to make a breakthrough. Users of stranger SNS generally have a
basic knowledge that the concept of time cost does not exist in face of infinite availability of
users. Even a seasoned master of love may need quite some time to arrange a real offline
dating. The gap between online match making and offline activities has been ruing the joys and
significance of SNS.
For traditional social apps, user’s privacy is a kind of core data asset. To arrange an offline
meeting, users must make several payments to the platform to start a conversation, develop
relationship and finally meet in real life step by step. A social app may be good enough to
protect some of the rights and interests of its users online, but cannot ensure the outcome of
offline meeting or the real intention of other users. Even if a user buys premium service that
promises offline meeting, he/she will have no other option but to accept the uncertain
outcome or even suffer losses.
For some demand on the part of users, online costs are not high or may even be very low, but
the hidden offline costs and losses may go far beyond estimate. Users have no control over the
overall cost of their activities, while sweet traps are lurking to take advantage of them.
【Maggie’s Solution】
Making use of an intelligent matching system, Maggie strives to speed up online
communication process, shorten the time needed, and match quality services with real
demands. Privacy and personality are like the two ends of a seesaw. To protect privacy,
user’s personalized demand cannot be publicized. On the other hand, to make accurate
recommendations, the existing matching and recommendation systems have been
arbitrarily harming user’s privacy. While securing user’s core privacy, Maggie can find
accurate matches for the real and personalized demands of users to achieve smooth and
efficient online communication. By constructing blockchain-based DAPP and smart contract
as well as sectioned trading terms that don’t need user’s evaluation and confirmation,
Maggie ensures the controllability of risks at each section of the whole process.
10

CREDIT SYSTEM
6. INEFFECTIVE REVIEWING/RATING/ENDORSING SYSTEM
On Wechat, we used to freely give “likes” to ideas we support or appreciate, but today such
behaviors have become mechanical movements of fingers meant to maintain relationship.
When it comes to trading platforms, which are examples of extended SNS, we may see 99
percent favorable ratings all over one C2C online shopping site and cannot tell which product is
really good; another B2C site suffers a loss of credibility due to its arbitrary censoring of
unfavorable reviews. At LinkedIn, a professional SNS platform, the endorsement function for
labels has been turned into the “like” style support for each other. This human intervention
aimed at enhancing matching logic fails to produce satisfactory results.
One of the causes for poor credibility of such evaluation system is pampering, a vulnerability of
the centralized structure. The evaluation system is not based on real transactions and fails to
fully consider the weighting of transactions. Real reviews based on real transactions are not
constantly encouraged while irresponsible reviews are subject to very low punishment,
resulting in disruptions to the evaluation system, such as uncontrolled zombie fans and
rampant fake reviews.
【Maggie’s Solution】
Maggie bases the core of its credit system on the blockchain-based pamper-proof
transaction record, without making any attempt to join or influence any transactions.
Maggie will take into full account the cost and weighting of reviews, and the weighting is
calculated on the basis of weighted value from the whole-network analysis platform.

HOW DOES MAGGIE ENGAGE ITSELF IN SNS
IV. PRODUCT TECHNICAL STRUCTURE
After revealing industrial pain spots and offering Maggie’s solutions, we will systematically
describe the technical structure of Maggie’s products.
Maggie is devoted to the creation of a brand new blockchain-based social value ecosystem.
Maggie focuses itself on “strict certification”: we will make different levels of mandatory
certification on user’s real identity to ensure their identity is authentic and valid; “high privacy”:
11

we will adopt the quasi-BitCoin design mechanism for privacy protection to secure data on
user’s core privacy; “weak tie”: our SNS platform is meant for strangers; “strong personality”:
users can give full play to their personalities, preferences, and demands.
Through these focuses, Maggie hopes to build a brand new social value ecosystem which is
distinct from the traditional model of SNS. In contrast to social network for acquaintances and
offline relationship, Maggie put more attention to stranger SNS created through value transfers
and real transactions. Different from all other existing rating and recommendation system
running on the computers and mobile phones, Maggie’s evaluation and matching system is
founded on its own whole-network analysis platform. Data in the system, with the transparent
data of blockchain as the core, are based on graph data modeling and subject to whole-network
analysis.
Maggie will fully respect user’s legitimate privacy. Instead of being processed by centralized
nodes, all transactions will fully benefit from the features of blockchain smart contract. Maggie
will devote itself to working with community users to formulate fair and reasonable smart
contract.
Maggie will seek breakthrough out of stranger dating to solidify the platform’s core
competitiveness and nurture a loyal customer base. It will expand to meet any need for
interpersonal value transfer on the Internet. Its social functions encompass not only dating, but
also other multiple social activities, including reward mission, business cooperation and interest
group, etc. Maggie will provide blockchain-based infrastructure for these DAPP demands to
build a more extensive value ecosystem.
Upholding the libertarian values, we hope to attract and gather all followers of liberty and
openness across the world to co-found a Maggie SNS ecosystem. Maggie has now named its
virtual currency as MAG, which will serve to drive economic activities on the platform and be
used by all Maggie’s users in borderless information exchange and social interaction.
MAG, an abbreviation for Maggie’s virtual currency.
Now we will step by step describe Maggie’s SNS infrastructure and the SNS plan built on it.

1. PROTECTION MECHANISM FOR USER’S CORE PRIVACY
 Multi-level effective KYC identification mechanism is used: hardware device ID, cellphone
number, financial certification, personal ID information, video verification.

12

 Quasi-BitCoin encryption mechanism, which involves digital secret key, user ID (address)
and digital signature, provides complete insulation for user’s real identity to secure their
core privacy. The only ID for identifying a user is the address, the calculation of which
involves hash algorithm, user’s secret key, public key, and certified signature.
 In a word, we ensure that user’s identity has been strictly verified and then certified with a
corresponding ranking. Under normal conditions, neither the platform nor any individual or
organization can match a user’s real identity with his/her ID.

13

 Maggie will neither record nor be able to track user communications. However, it has
designed a set of smart contracts to prevent the spread of illegal information (e.g. child
pornography) on the platform. In case of any infringement, users can report the illegal
information as abusive. The relevant smart contract, upon execution, can record various
information of the participant’s network identity (e.g. IP, MAG address, etc.). After agreed
review and confirmation, the infringer’s ID and platform assets will be frozen, and he/she
will have to go through another KYC to log in again. Maggie will also encrypt and store all
the relevant information for further monitoring operations.
 Maggie will provide its users with a SNS environment that offers security, credibility and
protection of core privacy, so that they can fully express their personalities, preferences
and demands.
 Maggie promises that, at a proper time, it will provide the open source of the bottom layer
KYC protocols & encryption process as well as the communications interface & protocols in
the form of platform infrastructure.

2. ENCRYPTED COMMUNICATION
 Maggie spares no effort on bottom layer security facilities. It provides users with encrypted
point-to-point communication mechanism. User communications will never be uplinked or
analyzed.
 Maggie’s encryption method combines public key & private key system with symmetric
session key, so as to realize secure and efficient point-to-point communication.

14

At Maggie, dating takes place on a shielded point-to-point platform, where no user picture
or public locale is provided. In comparison to other social platforms, Maggie’s target
customers attach great importance to security and privacy protection. With decent social
status and stable online & offline social circle, they are unwilling to waste much time on
ineffective online talks. They all hope to have access to a safe and reliable partner to
realize a desirable offline dating. The protection of core privacy and encrypted
communication as mentioned above offer solid technical support for Maggie’s dating.

3. CONSTRUCTION OF MAGGIE’S WHOLE-NETWORK ANALYSIS PLATFORM
 User’s personalized demands and transactions will be stored on blockchain. Maggie’s
whole-network analysis platform will be connected to Blockchain, not to terminal client.
Modeling and analysis will be made mainly on the basis of public data on blockchain. Our
analysis is primarily based on real transactions, valid reviews, and personalized labels &
demands.
 Distinct from machine learning and regression algorithm as recommended by online
advertisements that monitor user behaviors, Maggie adopts graph database in its modeling,
which can import data of the whole-network in real time and identify key users (node) and
critical transactions (edge). We call this as Client Ranking.
15

4. INTELLIGENT MATCHING MODEL
 Regular data such as time and geological position are used as basic matching information.
 User’s personalized labels, preferences and demands are important input.
 Through whole-network data analysis, the ID of truly valuable users will be identified and
labeled, and transaction threshold will be raised. This way spam information will be
reduced to improve signal-to-noise ratio, so that direct and efficient user matching is made
possible to facilitate smooth transactions.
 Users can improve success rate of matching by raising the price of a single transaction or by
means of MAG-pledge (quasi-PoS mechanism).

16

At social platforms for stranger matchmaking and dating, most users are male, constituting
as much as 95 percent of all users (ASHLEY MADISON). Though men are more proactive on
the platform, it is the ladies that set the pace, who prefer experienced and successful men.
During intelligent matching, priority will be given to male users with a higher offer and
higher total asset (MAG amount).
Unlike other social platforms that value daily active users, Maggie put more emphasis on
introducing core users at the initial stage, whose initiative will drive the overall traffic
growth of the platform.
5. TRANSACTION SECURED WITH SMART CONTRACT
 At Maggie’s DAPP, smart contract serves as a transaction guarantee just like “Alipay”. It is
in charge of making payment with virtual currency.
 Smart contract is smart because it does not need human assessment or confirmation.
Thanks to blockchain consensus mechanism, checks will be made to see if preset conditions
are met for a successful transaction, confirmation will be made by all accounting nodes,
and values will be automatically transferred. Through the sectioned smart contracts guided
by multiple preconditions, the trading parties are capable of controlling risks at different
sections to fully protect their rights and interests.
 With the exception of a few centralized verification tasks, in principle transactions and data
transfers among users and between users and platform are all conducted using services
provided by smart contracts.
17

 Maggie is devoted to assisting its users with the management of the platform’s
“Constitution” --- smart contract.

Dating at Maggie will adopt smart contract to protect user’s rights and interests at all
sections of the whole process. Throughout the process, transactions between the two
parties will proceed through nodes with help from the blockchain consensus mechanism.

6. AUTHENTIC AND PAMPER-PROOF EVALUATION SYSTEM
 All reviews at Maggie will be uplinked and be free from pampering by any person or any
platform.
 Long-term incentive mechanism for reviews is established to encourage authentic, valid
and detailed two-way reviews on transaction. The reviews will be incorporated into the
whole-network analysis platform to influence matching success rate in the long run.
 All reviews are based on authentic transactions. Threshold for reviews are raised and
quasi-PoW mechanism are adopted. Different transaction values and transaction partners
produce different review weightings.
 Whole-network data analysis will identify and mark invalid reviews with low weighting, so
as to effectively handle fake reviews.
 Anonymity, real-time up-link and privacy protection mechanism allow the transaction
parties to make real reviews freely.
18

7. MAG AND RETURN MECHANISM
 MAG, a blockchain-based medium of exchange on Maggie’s platform, has dual attributes. It
can either be a long-term equity or a consumption tool. Users can hold it for a long time, or
spend it at any time in social activities of Maggie’s platform. All MAGs can be spent and
circulated conveniently and freely on Maggie’s platform, enabling users to communicate
and interact in an absolutely free and equal manner.
 All transactions and services of the platform will be priced with MAG. The platform will
recommend a reasonable pricing strategy based on market value.
 Maggie will charge transaction fee at a certain proportion, which will be used to cover
operation expenses of the platform.
 As an incentive for its users, Maggie will continually release certain amount of MAGs on its
platform, so as to reward active users and attract new good users.
 User ID is the wallet address, in which MAGs will be stored.
 During intelligent matching, MAG-pledging based on quasi-PoS mechanism will effectively
raise the threshold and success rate of matching.

V. CONSTRUCTION OF SNS ECOSYSTEM
 Any individual or organization, if they are interested in a social network consisting of
members with strict certification, high privacy, weak tie and strong personality, may
consider entering Maggie’s ecosystem and contributing to its construction.
 Maggie promises that at a proper time, it will provide open source of bottom layer
protocols, codes and modules used for certification, privacy encryption and Maggie wallet,
etc. As long as third-party Apps and system developers comply with relevant protocols, and
as long as App developers use built-in Maggie modules, they can connect to Maggie’s
blockchain network.
 Maggie will also assist other organizations of the ecosystem with the formulation of
on-chain smart contract, so as to accelerate DAPP development.
 Maggie will open its whole-network analysis platform to third-party organizations
(advertisement entities), which can directly use Maggie’s data and valuable analysis results
to locate the most valuable users. Third-party organizations are also welcome to provide
services (live streaming, game, e-commerce, etc.) to create value.
19

 Third-party individuals and organizations must use MAG. On the basis of on-chain
resources actually provided or consumed, transactions will be made in accordance with the
fine granularity pricing method, which is similar to the charging and payment method of
cloud-computing.
 All organizations and individuals are connected to blockchain via blockchain node without
enjoying any privilege.

20

HOW TO WORK WITH MAGGIE
VI. VALUE OF MAG
MAG is the basic unit for an account at Maggie.
1. MAG is the medium of exchange for the value of Maggie’s products. Users can transfer
values among themselves by exchanging MAGs.
2. MAG is the basic currency for user activities on Maggie’s SNS platform: for example, MAG
must be used when an invitation is initiated or accepted for offline meeting at Maggie’s
platform, or when reward is to be given for successful invitation.
3. Incentive is available to encourage user activity at Maggie’s SNS platform. Highly active users
and users with good credit will be rewarded with certain number of MAGs by the system in
accordance with public incentive rules, which may stimulate long-term activity and attract new
users.

21

VII. MAGGIE’S DEVELOPMENT SCHEDULE

2016-11

Maggie team founded

2017-01

Maggie presented prototype of the first product

2017-05

Maggie began exploration on Blockchain solution

2017-08

Maggie received exclusive angel investment from INB

2017-10

Maggie started product development

2017-11

Maggie will start MAG exchange plan

2018-01

Maggie will start online internal test

2018-05

Maggie will launch its international version

(Note: The development plan will be followed according to practical situations. This timeline as
presented above is for reference only.)

22

