NEXT GENERATION INTERNET
An open source platform for the creation of 3D- and VR- compatible
online spaces (sites) and objects, powered by Blockchain.

mark.space
V 2.0.8

1

2

INTRODUCTION

2

1.1 Blockchain -Powered VR - A Milestone In The
Development Of The Internet

2

1.2 The core idea

3

1.3 Development Plans

4

MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

5

2.1 THE MARK.SPACE Ecosystem

5

Content Creation

5

Goods and Services Distribution, and Consumption

5

Distribution Of Wealth

6

Distributed Rendering

6

Synergy of Real and Virtual Economies

6

2.2 MARK.SPACE Dimensions

7

2.3 MARK.SPACE Districts

9

2.4 MARK.SPACE Community District

9

2.5 MARK.SPACE Residential District

10

2.6 MARK.SPACE Shopping District

11

2.7 MARK.SPACE Business District

13

2.8 Other Districts

15

2.9 Creation of Custom 3D Objects and Applications

15

2.10 Unit Description

16

2.11 Current State Of The Prototype

16

3

4

TECHNOLOGY

17

3.1 Current Prototype Architecture and Capabilities

17

3.2 Current User Profile Features

17

3.3 Current Social Interactions Capabilities

18

3.4 Future Architecture

18

3.4.1 Overview

18

3.4.2 Languages, Protocols, Frameworks

22

3.4.3 Other Platform Technical Details

23

VR Real Estate Exchange

23

Rental Contracts

23

Advertising Engine

24

Distributed Rendering

24

Distributed rendering technology
challenges

24

3.4.4 MARK.SPACE Object Scripting Language MOSL

26

ECONOMY

28

4.1 MRK Token

28

4.2 Monetization For Community Members

28

4.3 Monetization For Residents

29

4.4 Monetization Of The Shops

29

4.5 Monetization For Businesses

30

5

EXECUTIVE TEAM

31

6

TOKEN SALE

33

6.1 Schedule

33

6.2 Recommended Allocation

35

6.2.1 Token Allocation

35

6.2.2 Token sale Funds Allocation

36

7

DEVELOPMENT ROADMAP

37

Abstract
MARK.SPACE is an open-source platform for the creation of
3D/VR spaces and objects of any purpose, as well as their quick
launch and integration into a unique ecosystem. The platform is
maintained by a crypto economy and is powered by Blockchain.
MARK.SPACE supports all Internet browsers (preferably
Chrome) and, at the same time, is compatible with CardBoard,
Oculus and HTC Vive. A desktop PC or notebook is all that is
needed to create a state-of-the-art VR store, office, community
or other space for business or entertainment.
The MARK.SPACE universe consists of multiple VR spaces
(units), in which each unit can be linked directly to its own
top-level domain. The property right to the units is guaranteed
by recording all transactions involving units (creation, sale,
purchase or rental) on the Blockchain. All unit owners may buy,
sell or rent their units to others using smart contracts.
MARK.SPACE has an internal currency - the MARK token (MRK),
which is a utility token (not a paper bond) allowing all users to
sell and buy VR spaces and objects, consume various goods and
use services, pay salaries to their employees and to buy ads to
promote their businesses through the MARK.SPACE platform.
GPU-miners who will be rendering VR spaces and objects for
the platform’s users will also receive rewards in MRK tokens
(Proof of Work (PoW) Concept).

MARK.SPACE IS THE NEXT STAGE
IN THE INTERNET’S DEVELOPMENT

1

1

Introduction

1.1

BLOCKCHAIN-POWERED VR - A MILESTONE IN THE
DEVELOPMENT OF THE INTERNET

INTRODUCTION

In the 1960s the Italian sci-fi writer Lino Aldani described a
world in which onirofilm provided a multi-sensory medium that
stimulated the minds of those seeking an escape from reality.
Onirofilm was an early precursor of Virtual Reality. Then, some
twenty-five years ago, Neal Stephenson’s science fiction novel
“Snow Crash” was published. In the novel, Stephenson presented
the concept of a “metaverse” - a collective, virtual shared space
which is commonly referred to as the future iteration of the
Internet. In 1998, project “There” was launched, in which users,
appearing as avatars, in addition to socializing, could purchase
objects and services using a virtual currency called “therebucks”
- purchasable for real money.
With the initial creation of the Internet, nobody imagined that
it would achieve its current scale. And when the first onlinestore was launched, the owners of most businesses believed
that e-commerce had no future. Yet online shopping has already
become a rapidly growing market, expected to reach $2.7 tn by
the end of 2018. Likewise, when cryptocurrencies first burst
onto the scene, very few took them seriously. Nowadays,
global society is getting used to the idea that Bitcoin and other
cryptocurrencies are becoming a significant part of the world
economy.
VR follows a similar path, in that it took a long time to bring
the technology to its present level. Today, most people grasp
that VR is an incredible technology that opens up unlimited
possibilities. It has truly become the future, and one in which
we already live. Mega-brands, such as Google, Facebook, Sony
and many others are collectively spending billions of dollars
developing VR technology.
The Internet has already been developing for a fairly long time,
but we know that the most important change is yet to come. It is
the advent of the 3D Internet. We have arrived at a point where
2

1

INTRODUCTION

the technologies for virtual reality (VR), augmented reality
(AR), mixed reality (MR), and cryptocurrencies could merge
into a fully functional ecosystem in order to create an economy
that would enhance, complement and, someday, completely
replace the entire online economy we know today. The goal of
the MARK.SPACE platform is to fully develop and implement
this idea.

1.2

THE CORE IDEA
When we started developing MARK.SPACE in 2015, we came
across serious challenges that had to be solved to realize our ideas,
because VR was a rather complicated technology (and still is), in
terms of content production and usability. To create and launch
any type of VR project, such as a game, online store or social
network - to name a few examples - it was necessary to engage a
team of professional developers, consuming large amounts of time
and money. At the same time, VR audiences grew slowly, due to
users wishing to consume VR content having to buy specialized,
expensive equipment, such as VR-glasses and headsets, controllers,
etc. Another limitation was the need to be in a comfortable and
safe location to use these gadgets. We are proud to say that we
have found a way to bypass all these difficulties!
The main idea of MARK.SPACE is to give the world an easy tool to
create and launch any VR/3D project, and to do it quickly, without
significant costs. Secondly, all projects created on our platform will
be accessible from most ordinary devices, such as a PCs, laptops,
tablets or smartphones - through any web-browser and without
the need to use a VR-headset. The project was conceived with
the idea of leveraging the VR technologies that had just appeared,
to create a world where everything would resemble real life as
closely as possible.
We have invested 2.5 years and more than $5m of personal funds
into VR technology research, the making of prototypes and getting
feedback from businesses. All this resulted in the creation of the
M1 platform and we are ready to demonstrate the capabilities it has
today (check out the demo at http://demo.mark.space/). There is
no need to download any client or program; no need for expensive

3

1

INTRODUCTION

VR-gadgets and powerful computers - just your ordinary device
and a browser of your choice! Instead of surfing the net, you can
now travel through and around the world, and it’s going to appear
just the way we are used to in real life, all thanks to the birth of 3D
technology.
While there are many existing VR projects, none of them is
currently comparable to the M1 technology. M1 is a logic and
driving force based on advanced mathematical algorithms that
we have developed, aiming to provide maximum precision in 3D
visualization. As of today, our company has digitized entire shopping
malls with branded stores, including all the details of interiors and
complete product lines. Additionally, we have created a working
prototype of a social platform, where each user can design their
own virtual space and fill it with furniture, paintings and other
details of interior decoration. Users can also add different types
of content, such as YouTube videos, Instagram photos, as well as
audio and text files. The templates of various spaces are available,
including personal apartments, exhibition halls, gaming clubs,
restaurants, movie theatres, and offices that could be used as the
VR headquarters of companies.

1.3

DEVELOPMENT PLANS
After the Token sale, our prototype will be further enhanced to
include the functionality described in the next section. The goal
is to achieve full decentralization for the benefit of both users and
those providing computational capacity and storage resources.
This will enable rich functionality from the platform.

4

2

MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

2

MARK.SPACE Districts

2.1

THE MARK.SPACE ECOSYSTEM
The MARK.SPACE ecosystem is modelled on the real-world
economy and has similar features. The real-world economy
consists of the production, distribution, and consumption of goods
and services. In well-functioning economies, wealth is created
and further redistributed. Let’s see how a typical economic cycle
is implemented in the MARK.SPACE ecosystem.
Content Creation
The MARK.SPACE platform is designed to give users all the
necessary tools for VR content creation. The current prototype
allows for the creation of residential, shared and business VR
spaces (offices and malls), filled with preselected or custom
elements of furniture, interior design, appliances and multimedia
content. In the future, there will be an option to add any usercreated digital content like articles, books, paintings and music.
At present, we are developing our own scripting language that is
going to make it possible for users to create their own 3D objects
and applications. Alternatively, you can already easily virtualize
the interior of any existing premises by using a 360° camera and
importing it to MARK.SPACE.
Goods and Services Distribution, and Consumption
The MARK.SPACE Shopping area will allow both the distribution
of goods produced in the real world and any content created
within the platform. This will include the ability to sell custom
elements of furniture and decor created by users (our platform
already facilitates this) as well as carry out operations with
entire personal or business spaces acquired by users previously.
Freelancers will be able to create their own virtual offices for
advertising and selling their services. The ability for all users to
advertise in common areas (like sidewalks or roads) between
buildings and mall interiors will also be implemented. It will
be possible to use Tokens earned by users further in the value
creation cycle.

5

2

MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

Distribution of Wealth
Just like with regular real estate, virtual locations will have a longterm tendency to increase in value, due to added 3D details and
scarcity of the virtual spaces. Once created, well-designed and
unique, and filled with quality content, personal spaces will attract
many visitors, thus making them valuable economic assets. A VR
store in the MARK.SPACE Shopping District will be transparent,
showing its income statement, balance sheet and cash flows,
and thereby becoming a real asset, which can be evaluated using
conventional methods. If there are assets to be sold, businesses
like VR real estate agencies could appear, offering their services
to the public.
Distributed Rendering
The enormous computational capacities amassed by
cryptocurrency miners are going to serve as the backbone for
the new emerging crypto economy. The huge amounts of VR
content to be generated in various MARK.SPACE districts will
have to be rendered. This provides a great opportunity for miners
to generate revenue by providing their computational resources
for the distributed rendering of MARK.SPACE spaces. This is just
one of the ways in which an internal VR economy extends to the
real world.
Synergy of Real and Virtual Economies
Products made in the real world will be sold in different stores within
the MARK.SPACE Shopping District. Various existing businesses
will broaden their presence in the MARK.SPACE Business District.
Platform users who have their apartments in the MARK.SPACE
Residential District will share them via social networks, driving more
traffic into all existing MARK.SPACE districts. New and curious
visitors will be able to explore the districts and enter shopping malls.
Artists, for example, will create their picture gallery (or fully virtualize
the existing gallery) in the MARK.SPACE Business District, also
attracting a flow of users. The virtual and real economies will merge
together using the power of synergy to its fullest.

6

2

2.2

MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

MARK.SPACE DIMENSIONS
The MARK.SPACE Platform consists of cities that, according to
certain rules, a community, company or person can create on their
own. The first city on the platform will be launched according to
the Roadmap. The number of cities in the system is unlimited.
A city is a virtual space with a maximum estimated area of
713,440,000 m2, which is divided into districts, blocks and units.
The owner of a city establishes the rules for registration, the
sale and rental cost of units, as well as transaction commissions
and conditions for advertising; the owner retains the right to the
domain name.
Minimum city values:
In one city - 1 district
In one district - 1 block
In one block - 260 units
In one unit - 1 box
Maximum city values:
In one city - 35 districts
In one district - 35 blocks
In one block -260 units
In one unit - 35 boxes
Total in one city:
35 districts
1,225 blocks
318,500 units
11,147,500 boxes
A District is a space with a maximum estimated area of
20,384,000m2, divided into blocks and units. A district can have
an exclusive owner, who: establishes their own rules for the sale
and lease of units; determines what types of units may enter the
area; creates or digitizes the basic design of the district (blocks
can have one basic or different designs); can connect the district
to its own domain name.

7

2

MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

A Block is a space with a maximum estimated area of 582,400
m2, divided into 260 units, 10 streets, and 25 intersections. The
neighbourhoods can connect to each other and operate according
to the rules of the District. A block may have an exclusive own
owner, who: may establish their own rules for the sale and lease
of units, as well as the block’s appearance; and can connect a
block to its own domain name.

Pic 1. Typical district layout

A Unit is a space with a maximum estimated area of 2,240m2,
which can consist of boxes. The minimum required number is
one box, the maximum being 35 boxes. A unit has a street exit
and entrance, leading to the location of other units (websites).
The owner of a unit determines its appearance, places objects
inside the virtual space, and fills them with content. There are
several types of units that differ in functionality:
8

Residential
Shopping
Business
Communities
Education
Entertainment

2

MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

A unit has its own web-address and may also be connected to its
own domain name. Thus, the unit is a three-dimensional website
that works on most devices and supports 3D, VR, AR, and HTML5
technologies. Managing a unit is made as simple as possible and
can be done with an in-house visual designer.
A Box is a space with an estimated area of 64 m2, which acts
according to the same rules as the unit it is in, but without street
access. One can rent one or more boxes. Each box can have any
appearance. All boxes are of the same type of unit to which they
are attached. Boxes do not have their own domain name and
cannot be sold.
2.3

MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS
Initially, there will be just four districts: Residential, Business,
Community and Shopping, but in the future new types of districts
will be added, such as Education and Entertainment districts.

2.4

MARK.SPACE COMMUNITY DISTRICT
A MARK.SPACE Community District, as the name already
suggests, will be dedicated entirely to various communities
formed and united by a common interest. A community could
organize itself and claim a certain number of units. Large
communities could claim entire buildings, if they so wish and
have sufficient funds to support it. For example, imagine a music
lovers’ community which occupies a whole building named after
the famous track by Leonard Cohen - “Tower of Song”. Each unit
could be decorated by fans or the artists themselves, displaying
various artefacts, including musical instruments, disks, vinyl’s
and so on. Artists’ portraits could grace the walls. The TV or radio
could be playing the artist’s music. Most of this functionality is
already available in the current prototype. Communities may
even form a Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO). A
DAO is an organization that is run by smart contracts stored on
the blockchain. We are monitoring the project development of
Aragon and in the future, may consider integrating with it to avoid
duplicating similar functionality.

9

2

2.5

MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

MARK.SPACE RESIDENTIAL DISTRICT
The Residential District allows any user to do one of two things:
digitize their real apartment/condo/house using a 360° camera (in
the not so distant future it will be possible to do so with a regular
smartphone) or create a dream residence using various designs
and furniture items currently available in the system. It will also
be possible to upload your own designs and objects. Once it’s
done, you could post the link with its unique address to any of the
existing social networks.
For the first time, your friends from the other side of the world will
have the chance to visit your home. You may choose to virtualize
only particular rooms or areas of the house. For example, your
home-based music recording studio or a garage where you work
on rebuilding your 1965 Mercedes SL.
In the current prototype, this is a virtualization of Evgeni Malkin’s
apartment (a famous hockey player) that you could visit. Evgeni is
also one of the main investors in our project.

Pic 2. Evgeni Malkin’s apartment within MARK.SPACE Residential District

10

2

MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

Entire buildings could be bought by anybody with the aim of
reselling or renting the units to the public. For example, a movie
star decides to purchase a building and name it after themselves.
They spend money to decorate the units how they wish and then
offer each unit for sale on the platform.
2.6

MARK.SPACE SHOPPING DISTRICT
Four shopping malls have already been virtualized by our team to
demonstrate the capabilities of our platform. Special attention
has been placed on enhancing the technology required to sell
clothes in VR. At present, you could select a particular item of
clothing and put it on a model in our VR fitting room and see how
it would look on a real person. The accuracy is so precise that
most people don’t even realize they’re looking at a photograph.
Fashion stores occupy at least 50% of any major mall and we have
already perfected this technology.

Pic 3. SONY & NIKE windows in MARK.SPACE Shopping District

11

2

MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

Pic 4. Loro Piana store in MARK.SPACE Shopping District

Pic 5. LORIBLU store in MARK.SPACE Shopping District

12

2

MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

Pic 6. Fitting service in MARK.SPACE Shopping District

Brands that are not ready to launch a fully functional VR store
could still create a VR showroom that would promote their
merchandise and drive traffic to their physical stores. For
example, furniture or various home decor stores. Toy stores are
great candidates as well. Electronics stores or Tesla dealerships
could also choose to create a virtual showroom that would attract
significant visitor traffic.
We are currently negotiating with various partners interested in
having a store in our first shopping mall that will be launched in
December 2018.
2.7

MARK.SPACE BUSINESS DISTRICT
Today, many companies market their services online.
Sometimes these companies do not even have physical
offices. VR technology allows any reputable company to

13

2

MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

virtualize their office and allow it to be visited by potential
customers. Whether you are looking for a lawyer or trying to
choose a movie production studio, thinking about hiring an IT
outsourcing firm or considering visiting a plastic surgery clinic,
having the ability to first visit their virtual premises will help
you to make the right decisions.
Imagine a company that has recently managed a successful
Token sale having its own virtual office that any investor
could visit. As you walk down the hall you see offices of Lisk,
AEthernity, Tezos, Civic, Waves, EOS, and the like. Token
sale promotion agencies could purchase an office right next
to the Ethereum foundation. Copywriters could purchase an
office right next door. With the MARK.SPACE platform it will
take just a 360° camera and a few hours of work to make this
possible.
Any freelancer or artist could create their own office. For
reference, please see the picture below which was created
with our system.

Pic 7. ETHEREUM Foundation in MARK.SPACE business district

14

2

MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

Pic 7.1 Office in MARK .SPACE business district

2.8

OTHER DISTRICTS
We are not limiting the project capabilities to only the four
districts mentioned above. In the future we may add more. An
Educational district could be a possible candidate. VR solutions
for education are some of the most tangible applications of VR
from the monetization perspective.

2.9

CREATION OF CUSTOM 3D OBJECTS AND APPLICATIONS
We are developing MARK.SPACE scripting language for a virtual
machine of 3D interface that will make it possible for the users
to create their own 3D objects and applications. This is going
to open up unlimited possibilities for both making the interior
of any space more diverse and offering more opportunities for
monetization.

15

2

2.10

MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

UNIT DESCRIPTION
The MARK.SPACE universe consists of a large number of VR
spaces (units). Each unit can be linked directly to its own toplevel domain. The private property of units is guaranteed by
recording all transactions with units (creation, sale or rental) on
the blockchain.
min Unit size (1 box) is 8 x 8 = 64 m2
max Unit size is 64 x 35 = 2240 m2

2.10.1

UNIT PRICES
UNIT TYPE

MAIN PRICE

ADDITIONAL BOX

MAINTENANCE
COST
PER YEAR

Residential

1 for free, 250 MRK per
each extra

100 MRK per each

1.2%

Commercial
(shopping, office)

1000 MRK

500 MRK

1.2%

Community

10 MRK

10 MRK

1.2%

Street

10000 MRK

--------

1.2%

After registration each user will receive one Residential unit for
free . However, we reserve the right to opt for other monetization
options like in-world advertising.

2.11

CURRENT STATE OF THE PROTOTYPE
The current prototype already allows for creating personal spaces
as described above. There is a great selection of decors, furniture,
appliances etc. Social functions like chat between users are also
implemented. Launching stores in the MARK.SPACE Shopping
District is also possible but it’s a more complex procedure that
requires joint effort with a brand or company wishing to open a
store. You are welcome to play around with our current prototype
at www.demo.mark.space or try to create your own space using
our constructor www.sandbox.mark.space

16

3

3

Technology

3.1

CURRENT PROTOTYPE ARCHITECTURE
AND CAPABILITIES

TECHNOLOGY

The current platform is based on a centralized architecture;
however, a roadmap has been prepared to fully decentralize it.
Our existing platform can automatically detect VR glasses
or headsets using Web Bluetooth and WebVR technologies.
Alternatively, VR content is displayed on a regular PC monitor
and/or smartphone. Using built-in accelerometers, the system
can process information from sensors in the headset or glasses,
to improve navigation of the user in the space. Voice recognition
technology allows the user to issue voice commands that are
detected and executed by the platform.
The existing platform front-end is implemented using:
HTML5/CSS3/Javascript/JSON + SMX.
Back-end is written in: Perl, Python, Java, Node.js, PHP
The protocols used are: VRML/X3D, WebGL, Web3D, WebVR
3.2

CURRENT USER PROFILE FEATURES
At present, each user has access to the following personal information:
Profile
Settings
Friends list
Messages log
Personal photo gallery
Personal content (files, documents and links
to the content sent from other systems)
Personal blog
Personal apartment with assigned address that allows
visits even from the unregistered users
Personal belongings, furniture and the elements of decor
located in the apartment

17

3

TECHNOLOGY

Personal fitting room for storing clothes and trying them on
Gifts from other users
Personal wallets with MRK tokens balance
History of purchases
Purchases planner
News feed based on subscriptions to the other blogs of internal users.
3.3

CURRENT SOCIAL INTERACTIONS CAPABILITIES
The platform allows for:
Message exchanges between users (real time chat)
Private chat
Personal blog

3.4

FUTURE ARCHITECTURE

3.4.1

Overview
Following the Token Sale, the current system will be fully
decentralized and will assume the following architecture.
As opposed to other projects, the future MARK.SPACE
architecture is not just a solution relying on Ethereum Virtual
Machine for smart contracts and implementing core functionality;
it’s a powerful development platform with its own virtual
machine and its own internal blockchain, allowing development
of complex applications in its own scripting language (which is
similar to Java).
The use of Ethereum smart contracts is limited only to critical
functionality and utilizes the Ethereum blockchain.

18

3

TECHNOLOGY

Additionally, the platform has a fully decentralized architecture
in contrast to other projects that just call it decentralized.
Decentralization is achieved using three types of servers. These
servers will be picked from the available machines of network
participants providing their computational and storage resources
and one of three roles will be assigned:
1 DATA SERVER - storage of data blocks; receiving, storing and
retrieving data.
2 SERVICE - accepting and executing tasks and returning results.
3 HUB - storing references to data blocks; addresses of DATA
SERVERs and SERVICEs; accepting requests from servers and
clients (UI); locating servers for executing tasks and returning
data about these servers and access keys.
19

3

TECHNOLOGY

Servers shown in grey are inactive most of the time, but are
activated when one of the active servers fails.
Servers shown in green are fully active and support the functioning
of the platform.
The owners of Servers will be compensated in MRK tokens, based
on the amount of work carried out.
Each DATA SERVER that is receiving data blocks through HUBs
registers and stores them; it also notifies other servers about
changes in the blocks registry database. The data is stored on
DATA SERVERs in a fully decentralized way and is replicated on
at least three other servers. The new data block must be replicated
on at least three servers before it can be used.
Each HUB constantly checks the status of other HUBs to notify
them about their recent activity. This is to ensure ultimate
consistency of data.
The Client UI sends requests to the closest HUB (by address); if
this HUB can’t respond the client will issue a request to the next
closest HUB. If a particular HUB doesn’t have the requested data,
it will locate another HUB containing it and return its address to
the client. The HUB will respond to the client with the address of
the DATA SERVER and access keys that allow the retrieval of the
data and present it to the user.
PORTAL - open code that is deployed on each server, which
allows the server to be replaced by another one without any
interruption to functionality for the users. This code is deployed
on all servers and can’t be altered without losing the license
allowing its functionality.
SYSTEM - each SERVICE could have its own code WORK
compliant with common service protocol SYSTEM. SYSTEM is
an alternative name for MOSL (MARK.SPACE Object Scripting
Language). SYSTEM is a programming language developed by us
for the virtual machine run by the PORTAL code.

20

3

TECHNOLOGY

The activity of servers is constantly verified by queries from other
servers as a result of which PORTAL code is self-validated. If a
modification of the PORTAL code is attempted or data on DATA
SERVERs is altered by a hacker, the server instantly becomes
inactive and a group of HUBs initiates a full scan of the server. If a
full scan does not detect any issues the server is then reactivated. If
any issues are detected and the server is deactivated, it can only be
reactivated again after completion of a full registration procedure,
which includes the complete removal of all data from the server.
The storage of 3D scenes and rendering allows miners to earn by
providing their computational resources. Rendering is not done in
real time, but in advance by rendering every possible perspective
of the user.

21

3

TECHNOLOGY

Ethereum Smart Contracts will be used to ensure ownership
rights of virtual real estate assets and custom 3D items created
by users. Various transactions between users or businesses will
be conducted, like purchasing goods or services, and regulations
for various entities will be enforced and implemented (like
communities DAO).
Ethereum EVM is the most widely adopted blockchain-based
computing platform with smart contract functionality. However,
the platform is designed in such a way that its dependency on
Ethereum is minimal to enable fast migration (if necessary) to NEM
or other Ethereum alternatives.
MARK.SPACE is going to use its own protocol for distribution of
storage and rendering among participating nodes, while achieving
full BFT tolerance and protection from Sybil attacks. Reputation
and incentivization approaches to stimulate fair behavior will be
implemented.
3.4.2

LANGUAGES, PROTOCOLS, FRAMEWORKS
MARK.SPACE is going to utilize the following:
HTML5/Javascript SS3
Solidity
Ethereum JS
Web3.js
Mark.js (internal MARK framework)
IPFS
		
The web client is written in pure HTML5/JavaScript SS3 to
achieve maximum runtime speed. The client will be using
JavaScript libraries to enable smart contract functionality and for
communication with peer nodes.
All Ethereum smart contracts will be written in Solidity.
Depending on how Ethereum solves the challenges of scalability
(sharding is still not implemented) we may migrate our code to
other platforms.

22

3

3.4.3

TECHNOLOGY

OTHER PLATFORM TECHNICAL DETAILS
Our current identification system is implemented using 3 keys:
User open key - users to get open information about the user;
User private key - private for each user, stored in browser local
storage and used for runtime user identification by the front-end;
User fingertip - hidden system key used by the back-end and
internode communication.
Users may choose to provide full identification or remain
anonymous. Those willing to make sure that their ownership of a
particular virtual real estate is tied to their ID should be providing
full identification. In addition to the existing ID system, we are
planning to use Keybase and other identity systems later, once
they become available.
VR Real Estate Exchange
Any VR real estate created by the user, from shops and even entire
blocks could be offered for sale on MARK.SPACE VR Real Estate
Exchange. A user could create, for example, a smart contract
for a real estate sale, to be processed by Ethereum EVM. Such a
contract will be signed by the user, then processed and deployed.
Transactions will be broadcast and, subsequently, confirmed.
Clients will then pass it to one of the Data Servers. Another user,
willing to buy this particular piece of real estate could review the
contract and decide to make a purchase transaction by paying the
price set in MRK tokens to the seller. A typical Ethereum smart
contract execution would follow.
Rental Contracts
P2P rentals are also governed by smart contracts written
in Solidity. These contracts are self-enforcing agreements
between two parties similar to a regular rental transaction in the
real world. Such contract creation, deployment and execution
are similar to the sale contract described above. The platform
will have a more complex contract creation functionality, in
which a virtual real estate agency could get involved as one of
the parties to the contact.

23

3

TECHNOLOGY

Advertising Engine
As the number of users grows, we consider in-world advertising
as one of the forms of monetization. Due to the complexity of
such engines we are considering using third-party solutions
developed specifically for VR ads. Right now we are in the
process of selecting providers. An official announcement will
be made once we have made our decision.
Distributed Rendering
Distributed rendering technology challenges
For smooth VR experiences there must be a delay of less than
12ms between head movement and the image appearing before
the eyes. While this is challenging even on a device, to make this
happen in a distributed environment is even harder. Most images
on MARK.SPACE are already rendered and can be quickly opened
on users’ devices. However, the speed of adding new partners
to the platform is of great importance, as these partners may, in
turn, need unique designs that also require rendering. Rendering
all possible perspectives of a user is required in advance, but
this comes with serious challenges, in terms of both required
bandwidth and the volume of data. Both Internet bandwidth and
the computational resources of modern GPUs are constantly
growing and what seems to be impossible today could be possible
just by the time the technology itself is ready. Even in distributed
environments, data storage will tend to become cheaper over time.
We have seen many similar challenges being resolved, so we don’t
consider this an obstacle that should stop us from implementing
our own rendering solution while others are also working on it.
If someone solves the problem before us, we would be happy to
use a third-party solution. Today, multiple companies, like Golem
and others, are creating solutions for distributed rendering.
Solution
To address the issues of rendering speed in a distributed
environment, we will be using the following approach: all
available miners’ machines/farms will be given certain short
computational test tasks to determine both their computational
capacity and speed round trips. Only those satisfying the
requirements will be able to join the network and make money
by providing resources. A decentralized approach has its pluses
24

3

TECHNOLOGY

and minuses compared to its centralized counterpart. Miner
networks today are becoming very impressive in size and scale;
therefore, it would be quite possible that a miner farm located
within a 5km proximity will be rendering your experience
within MARK.SPACE, in which case it will become very similar
to centralized solutions in terms of performance. One of the
significant advantages of MARK.SPACE technology is superb
compression, which makes running everything smoothly even
on very weak devices possible. This will be of great assistance
to us when developing our own distributed and decentralized
rendering solutions.
Among all the uses of distributed computing, rendering is one of
the easiest to implement. The output of a 360° camera is easy to
decompose to a 3D scheme which, in turn, is further decomposed
into single frames. Every frame is then again decomposed into
pixels. Each pixel could be rendered separately, independent of
other pixels. The simplistic description of rendering is casting
a ray from a particular position to determine intersections of a
ray with the objects’ surface. Each GPU today used in mining
rigs has 3,000+ parallel stream processors. Thousands of such
GPUs working in parallel could render any 3D scene in less than
a second.

25

3

TECHNOLOGY

Miner rigs would be used in two roles: “Scheduler” and “Worker”. A
Scheduler would assign the rendering of a pixel or group of pixels
to Workers, collect the results and pass it back to the client. Since
the environment is trustless, the Schedulers would have to make
a deposit as a security to guarantee honest behavior. There will
be redundancy (x3) by repeating the same rendering tasks by the
Worker machines to make the system Byzantine Fault Tolerant.
Rendering results will be checked against each other to make sure
that rendering is successfully completed. Scheduler and Worker
machines will be put in place by checking their performance for
both functions. Nodes with good ratings would have a higher
chance of getting more rendering jobs.

3.4.4

MARK.SPACE OBJECT SCRIPTING LANGUAGE - MOSL
One of the most powerful features of the MARK.SPACE platform
is the ability to create any custom objects, interactive software
components or even entire spaces like a store within the MARK.
SPACE Shopping District, complete with desired functionality. This
is achieved by using the language we have developed specifically for

26

3

TECHNOLOGY

this purpose. MOSL is a language similar to JavaScript for creating
objects within MARK.SPACE, allowing the implementation of:
Visual presentation of an object in 3D;
Movement of an object in 3D;
Visual effects of an object;
Showing content when interacting with an object;
Content control function when interacting with an object;
Custom functionality of an object.
		
MOSL allows not only the display of objects in 3D spaces, but
also the implementation of particular use cases with an object
as desired by the object creator. It allows APIs to be called from
a personal objects directory, the MARK.SPACE API, or the API
of financial transactions using MRK tokens, rendering API, other
APIs as well as third parties’ APIs.
The following is a short description of MOSL internals:
The reflection of 3D space is formed in the interface of a canvas
container in the format of a WebGL library. This reflection is
similar to a sphere with a 6-sided cubic scan. Also, separate
containers of objects are formed (furniture, decor, items, avatars
etc) and positioned in the space. Those containers are interactive
and can respond to user requests.
Visualization code of these objects is generated in VRML/
X3D virtual reality modelling language (for non-interactive
objects without additional functionality or with some built-in
functionality) or in MOSL (for interactive objects with their own
unique functionality).
Then, objects’ code is interpreted in Mark Virtual Machine
(MVM) and the sphere space containers and object containers
are modified as a result.

27

4

4

Economy

4.1

MRK TOKEN

ECONOMY

MRK is an ERC20 standard token that will be issued on the
Ethereum blockchain. The MRK token will be used for all
transactions across the MARK.SPACE platform.
You could earn MRK tokens by:
Selling or renting your units or even blocks
and entire districts;
Selling your products or services;
Selling your custom 3D objects;
Selling ads;
Selling digital content.
Our goal is to enable as many economic interactions as possible.
MARK.SPACE is modelled on the real world; in the same way its
economy is modelled on the real-world economy.

4.2

MONETIZATION FOR COMMUNITY MEMBERS
Communities will have public wallets governed by DAO.
Advertising is going to be one of the most significant sources of
income for communities.
Various communities created on the MARK.SPACE platform will
have the opportunity to organize events. Community members
will be able to participate in person through their avatars. By
selling tickets to these events those elected by the community
could cover the costs related to keeping the community alive and
functioning.
The community may choose to open a store within the MARK.
SPACE Shopping District and sell various merchandise. For
example, an Indie Rock community could sell CDs and MP3

28

4

ECONOMY

recordings of community members which include various bands.
Another example would be an open-source project that is
willing to create VR presence to engage in discussions and live
communication with its member community. Such communities
could advertise its MRK wallet address to accept donations to
support further development of the product.
4.3

MONETIZATION FOR RESIDENTS
While the main purpose of the MARK.SPACE Residential District
is to allow everybody to create their own virtual residence, there
are possible monetization options. For example, a person using
Airbnb to rent out their apartment could virtualize it using a 360°
camera (and a smartphone in the future) and place a link with the
address on the Airbnb website.
The ability to virtualize your existing residence, coupled with
real estate marketplace/rental functionality within the platform,
opens up an exciting opportunity to implement both P2P rental
functionality and to tokenize properties. Competition with
companies like Airbnb becomes possible. Airbnb today is a $29bn
company.
As real-life freelancers work from home, you could do the same
in MARK.SPACE. If you are a freelance artist you could set up
your personal exhibition and sell art-works. If you are a blogger,
VR takes blogging to a whole new level adding many capabilities
to add all types of visual content to your blog and, once you’ve
built sizeable audiences, to sell ads on the platform.

4.4

MONETIZATION OF SHOPS
Selling digital content like music, videos, books, images as well
as real merchandise in MARK.SPACE Shopping District shops
offers exciting opportunities for entrepreneurs around the world
to be the first to monetize technology mature enough to finally
allow fully operational VR stores.

29

4

ECONOMY

Owners of brick-and-mortar stores could virtualize their stores in
VR as a first step towards allowing potential customers to see the
quality of merchandise and services ahead of visiting the real-life
stores. This will boost customer traffic to the existing physical
stores. The next state will be the creation of fully functional VR
stores.
We’ve perfected the technology for selling clothes in VR.
Potential buyers just need to provide few measurements of their
body to guarantee a perfect fit.
Early Token Sale participants have a unique opportunity to buy
many units or even buildings for eventual resale, or to setup their
own shops or entire shopping malls.
4.5

MONETIZATION FOR BUSINESSES
Having your existing office fully virtualized helps you to gain the
trust of your customers. Your office is the face of your company
and most people prefer to deal with well-established businesses
that have been around for a long time. Your virtual office could be
enhanced with banners promoting your services or products. It
could also include talking bots. All these elements will boost the
number of potential customers.
Any projects planning a Token sale can buy their units next to
existing successful projects which have already set up an office in
the MARK.SPACE Business District.

30

5

5

Executive Team

YANA KONTOROVICH
CEO & Founder
PhD in Economics
Entrepreneur, Investor
10-years experience in e-commerce,
7 years of investing experience, 4 years in
fashion industry

31

EXECUTIVE TEAM

EVGENI MALKIN
Co-Founder and owner of 2 virtual
spaces within the platform
Professional Hockey Player
3-times Stanley Cup Winner
2-times World Champion

OLEG ERSHOV
Co-Founder

DENIS POLULYAKHOV,
Co-Founder

Marketing professional, Entrepreneur.
4 years experience in event marketing,
8 years in Internet marketing.
Launched projects: Monster Mania, Moda Mark.

IT-entrepreneur with 9 years experience.
Founder of CARBYN Blockchain Group,
CCO Moda Mark (fashion e-commerce),

5

32

EXECUTIVE TEAM

VLADISLAV UTUSHKIN
Marketer, Entrepreneur

VLADIMIR SHLIAPIN
CTO

10+ years of experience in active sales in TOP3 bank group. 5 years of experience in internetmarketing. CEO & co-founder “RVR Project”

Entrepreneur, IT professional with 25 years
of experience Master’s Degree in Mathematics

ALEXANDER SHTANKOVSKY
Head of Developers, IT-developer

SIRUZ FARAMARZ
Head of VR & 3D Department

MSc in Mathematics. 27 years of experience
in IT. Launched Project: Site Makers.

12 years of experience in 3D visualization
production, 5 years in product design.
Launched Projects: Mall Mark, MARK.SPACE.

6

6
6.1

TOKEN SALE

TOKEN SALE
SCHEDULE
Participants understand and accept that the they can send an
amount of ETH or BTC to the date of the beginning of the MRK
Token Sale into a smart contract system on Ethereum and receive
an amount of MRK Tokens in exchange.
The minimum contribution amount is 0.1 ETH or 0.01 BTC
The maximum contribution amount is 500 (five hundred) ETH or
50 (fifty) BTC .
Please remember that all transaction amounts at all times fluctuate
based on the applicable exchange rate of either ETH or BTC.
The HARD-CAP of stage 1 is 35 000 000 USD
The price of one MRK Token is set forth in USD and increases with
time, depending on the stage of the Token Crowdsale Campaign.

33

Stage

Dates

Token price

ROUND 1
2017
Pre-sale

31.10. - 31.12.17

$0.0714

ROUND 2
2018
Token sale

23.01. - 07.02.18

$0.0833

ROUND 3
2018
Token sale

08.02. - 14.02.18

$0.08696

ROUND 4
2018
Token sale

15.02. - 21.02.18

$0,0909

ROUND 5
2018
Token sale

22.02. - 28.02.18

$0,1

ROUND 6
Token sale

2019

Market Price

6

TOKEN SALE

SOFT-CAP
MARK.SPACE has already invested more than $5 million of
personal funds in the development of the platform and currently
has a working prototype (https://demo.mark.space). On December
13, 2017, a designer kit was launched and made available to
all users. In addition, the platform already has agreements on
cooperation with such partners as Jaguar Land Rover, GAS Jeans,
Desigual, Trussardi, Baldinini, Patricia Pepe, Liu-Jo, Dstrezzed,
Satorisan and others. Therefore, there is no need for a SOFT-CAP
installation.
However, thanks to the token sale and the influx of additional
funding, the team will be able to develop, scale and promote the
platform much faster and more efficiently.

34

6

6.2

TOKEN SALE

RECOMMENDED ALLOCATION
Tokens on SALE - 32,84%
Tokens, mln

Tokens Freezing time

ANGEL FUND TOKEN SALE

100

3.34%

4 months

TOKEN SALE FUND

885

29.50%

-

RENDERING FUND

860

28.66%

6 months

LIQUIDITY FUND

570

19.00%

3 months

CORE TEAM

300

10.00%

12 months

CONSULTANTS

90

3.00%

12 months

ANGELS

180

6.00%

12 months

15

0.50%

1,5 months

3000

100.00%

BOUNTY FUND
TOTAL, mln:

Products Cross Sale Liquidity Fund
MARK.SPACE will have system members selling products and
services. Payment for goods and services will be carried out using
online payments of various types, with both conventional and
cryptocurrencies accepted. To support the stability of our market,
we are creating a Liquidity Fund with a volume of 570 million
MRK. It will work as follows: if users prefer to pay for purchases
in a regular currency, it automatically converts to MRK according
to the current exchange rate and is sent to the seller.
A seller can save their MRKs or automatically convert them to
a fiat or cryptocurrency of their choice. This means that both
sides can fully work with conventional money without the use
of cryptocurrency, if they so wish, which is very important for
large multinational companies. MARK.SPACE is open to all
types of companies and consumers. Alternatively, users can
make transactions in other popular cryptocurrencies, such as
35

6

TOKEN SALE

BTC or ETH, without MRK. They can also use only MRK or any
combination of currencies BTC, ETH as well as conventional
currencies. Inside the platform itself, MARK.SPACE only works
with MRK, each transaction being saved on the blockchain, which
ensures transparency and traceability of transactions. To support
such a wide range of payment options, we need a stable Liquidity
Fund, which will support automatic conversion from external
means of payment to MRK and vice versa.
Rendering fund
For decentralized rendering, computational resources
accumulated by cryptocurrency miners can be used. Until the
system enters a stable financial regime, a certain period will
be required during which the owners of computing resources
(miners) will be paid for services from the fund. Immediately
after the creation and sale of new units / buildings / spaces, the
Rendering Fund will be replenished.
Let’s take a closer look at the distribution of the released tokens.
It is widely known that if less than 80% of tokens are sold, large
funds will be reluctant to participate. Therefore, it is our wellinformed decision to put up less of them for sale. To breathe
life into the project, it is necessary to create a large and lively
community, and so we prefer to attract as many medium and
small contributors as possible. It is these contributors who will
bring our Districts to life.
6.2.2

36

TOKEN SALE FUNDS ALLOCATION
Core team

4%

Angels

6%

R&D

7%

Development

33%

Marketing

36%

Indirect (office, salary, legal, etc)

10%

Technology Infrastructure

4%

7

7

ROAD MAP

Development Roadmap
2015
May - June
Idea formation, MARK.SPACE concept development
July - September
Marketing research, hypotheses confirmation
October - December
Functional requirements definition, team formation
2016
January - May
Development of Alpha-version engine
June - August
Launch and test of Alpha-version (Shopping district only)
September - November
Launch and test of Beta-version (Shopping district only)
December
Launch Road Show platform for fashion brands
2017
January - May
Launch E-commerce platform launch with fashion E-commerce
proof of concept
June
Launch Alpha-versions for Residential, Business and Community
districts
June - July
Development of concept and roadmap for decentralization of
MARK.SPACE platform
August - September
Selection of blockchain technologies for MARK.SPACE platform
October
Whitepaper announcement
November - December
Pre-sale and Constructor launch

37

7

2018
January - February
Token sale (Stage 1)
April
Start virtual estate / UNIT sale
July
Blockchain implementation
October
Launch Residential district
November - December
Launch Shopping district
2019
January
Token sale (Stage 2)
March
Launch Business district
September
Distributed rendering
December
MOSL language available to developer
2020
February
Launch Community district
April
Internal advertising network launch

38

ROAD MAP

Milestones
STEP 2

STEP 1
$5 mln.
DISTRICTS
Residential
Shopping
Business
Community
Education
Entertainment
BLOCKCHAIN IMPLEMENTATION
Unit registration
Unit purchase
Unit sale
Unit rent
Registration of all transactions
in MRK tokens
Copyright verification
Connecting of user servers
PLATFORM FEATURES
E-shopping platform
Connecting social networks
to objects
Binding domains to units
Changing unit privacy settings
VR Voice control
Text messages
Voice messages

$10 mln.

$20 mln.

$20 mln.

$20 mln.

$5 mln.

$10 mln.

PAYMENT OPTIONS
MRK tokens
Cryptocurrency
Credit card
INTEGRATION OF EXTERNAL VR SERVICES
Gaming
Educational
Entertainment
VISUALIZATION CAPABILITIES OF INTERNAL UNITS
Adding 3D objects
Uploading of interiors for units
(360 or 3D)
Creating 3D objects (MOSL based)
UNIT INFRASTRUCTURE OF VISUAL /AUDIO EFFECTS
Day and night time customization
Uploading custom appearance
of units
Weather customization
Sound effects
Custom playlists
TECHNICAL POSSIBILITIES
MOSL programming language
Distributed rendering
Security breach resistance
Wiretapping protection
(voice messages)
R&D (VR, AR, MR, Blockchain,
MOSL, IPFS etc)
SMARTPHONE APPS
Creation of customized panoramas
(360)
Creation of customized objects

$20 mln.

$20 mln.

$20 mln.

$5 mln.

$10 mln.

$20 mln.

$20 mln.

$20 mln.

2.50%

5%

7.50%

10%

20%

MULTIPLATFORM-USE
Browsers (Chrome, Safari)
Desktop
Tablet
Smartphone
TV
VR
MULTILANGUAGE
English
Japanese
Chinese
Russian
German
French
Portugese
Spanish
MARKETING
Marketing budget
INTERNAL ADVERTISING NETWORK
Unit advertisements
External website advertisements
(objeсts)
Distribution of advertising revenue
of Communities
Traffic attraction through third-party
advertising services
Partnership programs
Marketplace
BUSINESS
Identity and Authentication
Document flow
Smart-Contracts
CRM
Labor exchange

FOLLOW US ON SOCIAL MEDIA:

mark.space

