-

Who is U. K. Financial Ltd.?
U.K Financial Ltd. is a Corporation formed in the United Kingdom,
dedicating itself and its business plan to becoming a creator of
and holdings company for all types of cryptocurrency Investments.
It's managers experience in the financial Arena, particularly with
mergers and acquisitions, as well as ventures into the retail space
and knowledge of the burgeoning cryptocurrency world, combine
to make it an up-and-coming player in the world of digital
currency.

The company's holdings include state-of-the-art cryptocurrencies
built on the ethereum blockchain. It's Investments are all types of
marketable Securities and Assets in addition to cryptocurrencies.
U. K. Financial Ltd. has created the Maya Coin for its business and
mergers and acquisitions activities, and also the Maya Preferred
Coin, which will function as a monetary instrument for worldwide
transfers and payments. Bold coins expect to break new ground in
the industry.

U.K Financial Ltd. has a sound structure for its holdings developed
upon years of experience, and possesses a strong drive to become
a major player in these markets by breaking through where others
have tried and failed.

Blockchain
The blockchain is an incorruptible digital ledger of economic
transactions that can be programmed to record not just financial

transactions but virtually everything of value. Financial and
technology industries alike are combining in a grand way, giving
rise to the birth of blockchain outside of its normal working
conditions. Blockchain is a distributed digital ledger designed to
power and back cryptocurrencies.

Understanding Blockchain
Before we can even fathom what to do, we need to be familiar
with its underlying technology—the blockchain put simply is a
ledger of records organized in „blocks‟ that are linked together by
cryptographic validation. It is a digital storage of consensus truth.
The key is to understand that this ledger is neither stored in a
centralized location nor managed by any single entity, hence its
distributed-ness. The block validation system results in new
transactions being added irreversibly and old transactions
preserved forever for all to see, hence its transparency and

resilience. Open-source software that leverage on the blockchain
technology are called DAPPs.

“As revolutionary as it sounds, Blockchain truly is a mechanism to
bring everyone to the highest degree of accountability. No more

missed transactions, human or machine errors, or even an
exchange that was not done with the consent of the parties
involved. Above anything else, the most critical area where
Blockchain helps is to guarantee the validity of a transaction by
recording it not only on a main register but a connected

distributed system of registers, all of which are connected through
a secure validation mechanism.”

Understanding Blockchain

How Does Blockchain Work?
In the world of cryptocurrencies, a “block” is the name given to a
public transaction. Every time the related currency changes hands,
whether through mining or a direct payout, it‟s recorded in the
ledger and made visible to all.
The ledger has a complete history of any and all transactions
made, forming what is a chain of information. Therefore, a
blockchain is essentially a huge list of transactions, one after the
other.
Here‟s where the security comes into play: even though you can
open that digital ledger and look at any one of those transactions
or blocks, all you can see is the item changing hands and how
much it‟s worth. With currency, for example, you can see that X
amount of Bitcoin was transferred from one account to another.
A block or transaction cannot be altered by any parties, including
those involved, outside of the initial reporting. It remains
transparent, reliable, and accurate for the life of the chain.

Furthermore, the identities of both parties remain anonymous.
Even if your closest neighbor earned millions through a recent

blockchain transaction, you‟d have no idea unless they told you
directly.
That anonymity can seem dangerous at times, especially regarding
currencies

that

change

hands

for

many

reasons—some

unscrupulous. However, it can also protect sources in several fields

when the technology is used. Consider a lawyer sharing a sensitive
case record on a person with another law official through secure
digital means, with no record of who has what.

What is DAPP?
DAPP is an abbreviated form for decentralized application. A
DAPP has its backend code running on a decentralized peer-topeer network. Contrast this with an app where the backend code is
running on centralized servers. These distributed, resilient,

transparent and incentivized applications will prove themselves to
the world by remapping the technological landscape.

DAPP is an acronym for remembering the five qualities for
effective goals of Dated, Achievable, Personal, Positive and

Specific. Dated: Effective goals have specific deadlines. Shortterm goals have deadlines of a few months. Short term goal is less
than a year and long term is between a year and 10.

What Are DAPPs?
The New Decentralized Future

The Birth of Decentralized
Applications
As the concept is still in its infancy, there might not be one
definition of what a DAPP is. However, there are noticeable
common features of DAPPs:

Open Source
Ideally, it should be governed by autonomy and all changes must be
decided by the consensus of its users. Its code base should be
available for scrutiny.

Decentralized
All records of the application‟s operation must be stored on a public
and decentralized blockchain to avoid pitfalls of centralization.

Incentivized
Validators of the blockchain should be incentivized by
rewarding them accordingly with cryptographic tokens.

Protocol
The application community must agree on a cryptographic
algorithm to show proof of value. For example, Bitcoin
uses Proof of Work (PoW) and Ethereum is currently using PoW
with plans for a hybrid PoW/Proof of Stake (PoS)

Benefits of decentralized network
While blockchains are uttered under the same breath with
cryptocurrency, it can be a stand-alone framework itself. In fact,
there are several advantages of blockchains, even if we ignore the
association with cryptocurrency.

Immutability
Perhaps

the

biggest

advantage

of

blockchains

is

their

immutability which simply means, it is nearly impossible to hack
the data on a blockchain. We say nearly to be politically correct as
anything with an input can be hacked but practically, you can
ignore the „nearly‟. The data once uploaded on the blockchain
cannot be changed. Data can be added later but the original data
cannot be edited. Even the uploader cannot delete the data once it
is uploaded on the blockchain. You can even still check the first
ever Bitcoin transaction made.

Security
As blockchain data is impossible to hack for malicious purposes,
the security of the data is increased infinitely. Every security can be
breached, over time hackers get more sophisticated hardware and
software to penetrate the security. Even the so-called military-grade
security is breachable. We have witnessed too many high profile
hacking attacks in last few years to validate this argument. However,
as the blockchain data cannot be hacked, it is a great advantage of
the protocol. The user just needs to retrieve the data from the chain
to access it.

Transparency
Many of us protest against government‟s and secret organization's
secrecy on important issues. The job for Mulder and Scully would
have been easier had there been a blockchain since, on a
blockchain, everything is visible to everyone. The data on the
blockchain can be used or checked by every network user.

Decentralized data storage
Blockchain spreads the data all over the network and no central
server is maintained. This reduces the security risk, compared to the
traditional approach. Like we said, even the strongest server can be
hacked into but when the data is with thousands of network users,
either the hacker needs to hack all of them (which is impossible

because it needs to be done simultaneously) or he needs to
possess a computing power to overcome the whole network .

Reliability
Blockchains are absolutely reliable because, unless the whole
network is failing together, nobody can take down a blockchain.
Technically speaking, even one single user can keep the blockchain
alive. Considering there are thousands of users and there will be
millions and later billions of users, it is a total impossibility that the
complete network goes down. Thus, unless there is a global
disaster, the data is safe, forever.

Benefits of decentralized network

Ethereum ETH
Ethereum is an open-source, public, blockchain-based distributed
computing platform and operating system featuring smart contract
(scripting) functionality. Ether can be transferred between accounts
and used to compensate participant mining nodes for computations
performed. Ethereum is a distributed public blockchain network.
Although there are some significant technical differences between the
two, the most important distinction to note is that Bitcoin and
Ethereum differ substantially in purpose and capability. Bitcoin offers
one particular application of blockchain technology, a peer to peer
electronic cash system that enables online Bitcoin payments. While the
Bitcoin blockchain is used to track ownership of digital currency
(bitcoins),

the

Ethereum

blockchain

focuses

on

running

the

programming code of any decentralized application.
In the Ethereum blockchain, instead of mining for bitcoin, miners work
to earn Ether, a type of crypto token that fuels the network. Beyond a
tradeable cryptocurrency, Ether is also used by application developers
to pay for transaction fees and services on the Ethereum network.

Ethereum allows people to safely interact trustlessly by entering
into neutrally-enforceable agreements in a completely peer-topeer fashion. Now, it must be remembered that Ethereum can
only enforce within its own digital limits; Ethereum does not
remove the need for an external authority for a resolution over
disputes outside its realm---"the other party punched me in the
face after putting in the Ethereum contract that he wouldn't" is

non-sense. Rules exist elsewhere to cover this---but what
Ethereum does do is allow us to push the boundary on what the
digital realm can cover.

Smart Contract
Smart contract is just a phrase used to describe computer code
that can facilitate the exchange of money, content, property,
shares, or anything of value. When running on the blockchain a
smart contract becomes like a self-operating computer program
that automatically executes when specific conditions are met.

Because smart contracts run on the blockchain, they run exactly
as programmed without any possibility of censorship, downtime,
fraud or third party interference. Smart contracts help you
exchange money, property, shares, or anything of value in a
transparent, conflict-free way while avoiding the services of a
middleman.
The best way to describe smart contracts is to compare the
technology to a vending machine. Ordinarily, you would go to a
lawyer or a notary, pay them, and wait while you get the
document. With smart contracts, you simply drop a bitcoin into
the vending machine (i.e. ledger), and your escrow, driver‟s
license, or whatever drops into your account. More so, smart
contracts not only define the rules and penalties around an
agreement in the same way that a traditional contract does, but
also automatically enforce those obligations.

Tokenization
Tokenization is the process of replacing sensitive data with unique
identification symbols that retain all the essential information about
the data without compromising its security. Tokenization, which
seeks to minimize the amount of data a business needs to keep on
hand, has become a popular way for small and mid-sized businesses
to bolster the security of credit card and e-commerce transactions
while minimizing the cost and complexity of compliance with
industry standards and government regulations. Tokenization makes
it more difficult for hackers to gain access to cardholder data, as
compared with older systems in which credit card numbers were
stored

in

databases

and

exchanged

freely

over

networks.

Tokenization technology can, in theory, be used with sensitive data
of all kinds. Tokenizing real-world assets will allow buyers to access
assets never before within their reach, and sellers to move assets
that were previously difficult to unload. The secret lies in the
possibility of fractionalization. Cryptocurrency and tokenization will
play a much larger role in the day to day activities of the masses.

Blockchain Will Grow
From here, the sky‟s the limit. Blockchain will continue to grow and
disrupt many industries. We can expect to see just as many
organizations and teams adopting the technology as we do
methods and strategies for deploying it.
The real question is whether or not an alternative will show up
that‟s just as viable and efficient. For now, the answer is no.

The future is fast
In our blockchain space, the very speed of change appears to be
accelerating. Entrepreneurs and investors, eager to devise
imaginative capital-raising techniques, are exploring mini IPOs and
the intersection of equity crowd funding and token
sales. Chambers and Partners released its first-ever list
of blockchain and cryptocurrency lawyers globally. Legal white
papers are quoted like bestsellers, and just about everyone has
a view about the SAFT. It is an exciting time to be a crypto lawyer.

In my view, 2018 is likely to bring with it types of technological and
economic artistry that we cannot presently envision, and nearly all
of those innovations will need to be understood and analyzed
through a legal lens. The global blockchain and cryptocurrency
community needs a strong, yet quickly adaptive, base of legal
understanding on which to build and blossom. We need an
informed regulatory climate that protects individuals, while

encouraging technological innovation to flourish.
The future is fast, and our legal advice must be sound. In 2018,
cooperative and creative thought leadership by blockchain lawyers
(and non-lawyers) will be key.

The Difference between an ERC
20 Token and an ERC 23 Token

ERC 20 Token
•

ERC 20 are standard set of
rules a smart contract or
token should satisfy. These
set of rules will define how
the token will function in
the blockchain of
ethereum. ERC 20 are
most commonly used by
all the altcoin developers
for developing their new
coin.

An ERC 23Token
•

ERC 23 are new set of
rules or can be said as an
upgrade to ERC 20
standards which was
implemented in early
2017.

What problems does Maya
Preferred ERC223 token solve?
The blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies based on it are
leading the revolution in economy and finance today, becoming
forerunners of global changes in monetary circulation. However,
there remains a huge number of problems creating a gap between
the potential of blockchain technologies and their real application
in the modern economy. The largest problem is at the moment
there is no strong connection between the circulation of
cryptocurrencies and the conventional financial infrastructure.
SOLUTION: Maya Preferred, the World´s first ERC223 token created
a bridge between the conventional finance and the blockchainbased economy, thus becoming a new center of the stable global
cryptocurrency system. Advantages of the Maya Preferred ERC223
token:
1. Circulation of cryptocurrency, backed by gold.

2. Maya Preferred Eco System will include but not limited
to ATMs worldwide (target 10,000), cryptocurrency exchanges,
security companies, bank accounts, payment systems, payment
cards and OTC trading desk.
3. Stable ecosystem in which the market of FIAT currencies,
financial products and other assets together with the new market
of digital currencies are combined. The APIs for the technical
integration of merchants and services are already prepared.
Therefore, shops and online stores, as well as service providers,
can be connected and accept payments from the Maya Preferred
ERC223 network. Our Ecosystem helps convert Maya Preferred
ERC223 into Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Litecoin (LTC), Dash,
XEM, Ox, ERC223 TOKENS or FIAT.
Maya Preferred will be safe and secure and also, one of the
leading payment

provider worldwide. Therefore, holders of

Maya Preferred ERC223 enjoy protection against inflation and
other governments and economies.

Any cryptocurrency, as well as fiat money, is underlain by
trust of those who use it. This trust is based on the ability to
efficiently use the cryptocurrency and understanding that it is
supported by efficient structures. High volatility of the
existing cryptocurrencies and the loan debt burden in fiat
money make the current financial system extremely unstable.
Maya Preferred ERC223

has clear competitive advantages

through its 100% gold coverage ratio compared to the
existing

central

banks.

In

August

2018,

the

overall

capitalization of cryptocurrencies exceeded $230 billion. In
fact, a totally new look was taken at the role of
cryptocurrencies within a year, and it became clear that the
future belongs to payment instruments based on the
blockchain technology. However, now we witness a desperate
competition between the major cryptocurrecies for the right
to become a payment instrument of the world economy.

Advantages of ERC 23
tokens
ERC 23 is a new token standard that's posed to replace ERC 20.
Developers find it easier to use, and investors are protected by
improved security features.
ERC 20 is the most common type of tokens currently available on
the market. It was first proposed in November 2015. Since then
overall level of proficiency has increased in the ethereum
community, and in March this year github user Dexaran
proposed ERC 23 token standard. From the developer point of
view it's easier to program around ERC 23 standard.

But what does it mean for the consumer?
Handle incoming transactions in smart contracts
ERC 23 provides a consistent way to handle incoming token
transactions in smart contracts, empowering developers to
create more innovative protocols

Improved security
Because ERC 23 makes developers handle incoming transactions
explicitly it protects consumers from sending tokens to a smart

contract that doesn't support them. So far, this issue has resulted
in more than $400,000 in various tokens to get irredeemably lost.
With ERC 23 this problem is in the past.

Lower fees
ERC 20

prescribes a pull mechanism for retrieving the funds,

especially when it comes to dealing with smart contracts. This
means you have to pay the gas fee twice: first time to approve the
transaction, and the second time to actually receive the funds. ERC

23 manages to handle transactions without going through this
lovely puzzle, so you only have to pay the fee once.

ERC 20 is actually a standard that tokens on the Ethereal
network can meet, and tokens that check all the necessary
boxes are deemed “ERC 20 Tokens”.
These tokens are blockchain assets that have value, and can
be set and received, like Bitcoin, Litecoin,Ethereum, or any
other cryptocurrency.

ERC223
1.-Eliminates the problem of lost tokens which happens
during the transfer of ERC 20 tokens to a contract (when
people mistakenly use the instructions for sending tokens
to a wallet). ERC 23 allows users to send their tokens to
either wallet or contract with the same function transfer,
thereby eliminating the potential for confusion and lost
tokens.
2.-Allows

developers

to

handle

incoming

token

transactions and reject non-supported tokens (not possible
with ERC 20 )

3.-Energy savings. The transfer of ERC 23 tokens to a
contract is a one step process rather than 2 step process
(for ERC 20 ), and this means 2 times less gas and no extra
blockchain bloating.

What is Maya Preferred 223
(MAPR)?
Maya Preferred 223 (MAPR) is U. K. Financial Ltd.'s state-of-theart ERC 23 token built on the Ethereum Classic blockchain, and
is
positioned to become the first cryptocurrency to be
successfully used as a monetary instrument for individuals to
transfer money worldwide. Not only will Maya Preferred change
the way people transfer money worldwide, but it will also
become the first cryptocurrency to be accepted by many leading
retail stores. Because Maya Preferred is an ERC 23 token built on
the ethereum Classic blockchain, it will be able to execute all of
these money transfers and payments for a fraction of the fees
charged by Visa, MasterCard, Discover, and Western Union.
U. K. Financial Ltd. Has created only 250 million Maya Preferred
coins, and with this structure believes a coin will achieve not just
rapid traded liquidity, but also achieve its goal of becoming a
well-known name brand such as Visa or MasterCard. Maya
Preferred was built with consumer Security in mind. A consumer
either paying Maya Preferred to a merchant for goods and
services o transferring money to a friend or relative worldwide
using just a smartphone or tablet will find the token to be more
secure than carrying cash.

Maya Preferred is not just backed by its built-in state-of-the-art

technology, but will be backed by tangible assets, which will
again make it the first of its kind. Both coins are intertwined and
that Maya Coin owns 125 million Maya Preferred tokens and
that if Maya Preferred trades at $1 it automatically makes Maya
Coin worth $0.50

The token itself will also be a backing asset for U. K. Financial
Ltd.'s Maya Coin, which is its ERC 20 business based token that is
being planned for mergers and acquisitions. Maya coin will own
125 million while you preferred tokens, and the value of the two
coins will be intrinsically tied together; as one goes up, the other
will go too.

Maya Preferred Roadmap
With help from our teams, contributors and investors these
are the milestones we are looking forward to achieving.

Maya Preferred Token Allocation

Maya Preferred Token Allocation

MAPR Business Plan
Maya Preferred (MAPR) is U. K. Financial Ltd.'s state-ofthe-art ERC 23 token built on the highly efficient
ethereum classic blockchain. It is designed to be the
first of its kind in a number of respects, making it a
groundbreaking
product
in
the
world
of
cryptocurrencies. U. K. Financial Ltd.'s plan three distinct
business models for its new, advanced ERC 23 token.
Maya Preferred will first of all, as with other
cryptocurrencies, be used for transferring the money
worldwide at a fraction of the fees charged by Western
Union and other money transferring products.
Second, Maya Preferred will serve as a backing asset for
U.K. Financial Ltd.'s first created token, Maya Coin , an
ERC 20 token planned for business operations such as
mergers and acquisitions, and area of specialty for U.K
Financial Ltd.. Maya Coin will own 125 million of the
Maya Preferred tokens, and the value of the two coins
will be intrinsically linked; as one goes up, the other will
go up too.

The third model and most exciting for the investing world
Maya Preferred prospects and becoming the first
cryptocurrency to be accepted by many leading retailers as
a monetary instrument, thanks to U. K. Financial Ltd.'s
strong connections within the retail space. Operating on
the Ethereum classic blockchain, it will be able to
execute payments for a fraction of the fees charged by
Visa, Mastercard, American Express, and Discover, as
well as payments made on the Bitcoin blockchain.
Breaking into the mainstream economy has been
difficult for other cryptocurrencies, but U. K. Financial
Ltd. is well positioned to disrupt the markets with its
Advanced ERC 23 token, Maya Preferred.

The 7 Gold and Silver
Mines Backing Maya
Preferred 223
1- Mina Del Oro
2- Mina CR Y Mina Amplicacion Del Oro
3- Guadalupe
4- La Guadalupe 2
5- Gramos De Oro
6- La Fortuna
7- Santiago Apostol

Click here to read about the gold and
silver mines backing Maya Preferred
223Maya Preferred 223

Maya Preferred Management

Mr. James Dahlke
Founder & CEO
James Dahlke, a licensed Certified Public Accountant,
has filled the role of President and CEO of the Maya
Coin venture. Mr. Dahlke will use his experiences in the
public financial markets and keen business relationships
to build a powerhouse management team for the Maya
Coin Holders. You can expect to see a vast array of
changes and additions to the management team as
mergers, acquisitions and Maya‟s business plan are
being executed.

Maya Preferred Management

Rodrigo Arvide
Vice President

Rodrigo is an entrepreneur and investor with more than
12 years of successful experience on creating and
managing companies in different countries. A bold
approach to solve worlds challenges has helped him
and their investors to constantly make profits in
sustainable busineses over the years. He currently owns
a private hedge fund and is fully committed to take
Maya prefered 223 to the entire world.

Keith Christiansen
Head of Blockchain Security
Mr. Christiansen is fully licensed to provide a variety of
professional investigative services, process services, and
surveillance for most legal reasons. Mr. Christiansen will
use his 40 years of experience in multiple levels of
security training to ensure all Blockchain transactions
and ERC 20 tokens MAYA creates are fully protected
with the most up-to-date anti-hacking programs. Mr.
Christiansen will play a huge role in protecting MAYA‟s
upcoming
project
of
creating
MAYA‟s
own
cryptocurrency exchange from any unwanted trojan
horses or cybercriminals. Fully insured and bonded, Mr.
Christiansen protects the interest of his clients and now
all Maya Coin Holders to the best of his abilities.

