Light paper v1.0 - Dec 2018

Table of contents:

2

Introduction:

We would like to introduce you to the MCPC Marketplace!
What we offer: Think Amazon, think eBay, think freedom to use your MCPC coin to purchase any
goods or services as you see fit. Essentially, we will create a community where you will be able to buy
and sell anything you would like. Additionally, there will be rewards for early adopters as well as
affiliates of the system.

The Coin: MCPC is a payment platform and marketplace that is utilized on top of blockchain
technology to provide an avenue for anybody to issue or receive cryptocurrency. We will provide a
masternode coin setup that includes a solid ROI with built in inflation control. Thus, providing longevity
and value to you! We believe in the original concepts of cryptocurrency. We are idealists, but also
realists so we are making sure that HODL’rs of all means will be able to use and access the system. If
your just as excited as us then keep reading!

The Website: We will have a safe and secure escrow system for all transactions.
What will you have access to?
●
●
●
●
●
●

Mobile data prepaid cards
Mobile phone prepaid cards
Warranty policies for hardware
Mobile accessories sales
Private transactions between vendors and you!
Debit cards

3

Today's Market P1:

Anyone who has experienced today's market understands that it oftentimes can be a harrowing
experience. We are dealing with the wild west really. Navigation has been difficult for users,
investors as well as legitimate businesses. Unfortunately, many countries banking systems have
come to realize the potential of cryptocurrency and have made efforts to stifle it out of fear that it
will supplant their own fiat currency. Which it has the potential to do. We aim to bridge the
convergence gap from the digital to the physical, but in order for you to understand what that
entails we need to discuss in brief why most cryptocurrencies fail.

The first we think is obvious, and that is greed. There are a lot of altcoins out there that have
started with the knowledge that they would not survive. The pieces of the crypto puzzle are
brought together trying to manipulate public investors, making wild promises that will or cannot
be kept. They would survive just long enough for the developers to raise capital and then move on
to another project with a flashy or catchy name. Abandoning the previous project and leaving
investors in their wake.

In some cases these projects actually have a brilliant use case which could make them a market
disruptor or leader. The development team may in fact have good intentions to execute on their
overall design specification. However, they neglect to plan properly and can actually run out of
funds as well as human capital to complete the project or bring the concept to market.

4

Today's Market P2:

Whatever the reason for their downfall, generally it is planning, marketing, needed skill sets
and/or adoption failures. Even though a lot of development teams are actually trying to create
something real and not vaporware, they make too many promises in too short of a timespan. This
“timespan,” ties in with the developers stated road map. The trouble with a roadmap is that you
have to set dates and in many cases these dates are not met. We prefer a phased approach and to
let the community know where we are at, at scheduled intervals. Updates on progress if you will.

Another reason for failing projects is simply the trouble of convergence with and within the
mainstream markets, due to this problem there is not enough usage for any given project except
for trading which in and of itself cannot be called a decent use case. Because of this the market
slowly gets flooded with more and more coins that will only end up on the trading platforms thus
bringing the price down which in turn kills the project. Again, proper planning and
mis-management are the culprits.

Anyone with a decent understanding of how currency works knows that the only way to make
sure that any given currency can succeed is movement or volume. It has to move all the time
from one end of the spectrum to the other and back again. Essentially, we are talking about
supply and demand. And in order for cryptocurrency to be able to succeed not only does it need a
real use case, it also needs a path to follow from one end of the spectrum to the next and then
back again.

5

Overall difficulty:

Even if the previous stated criteria are met, there still is one more hurdle to overcome. There are
tools and services to get your cryptocurrency transferred to fiat currency and back, the main
problem to this day however, is actually getting it done in a timely fashion.

During this time of exchange, the market rate of either currency could fluctuate dramatically,
thus leaving the end user at a loss. Volatility is a double-edged sword and we aim to create an
environment that will allow the user to work with either side as they see fit with incredible speed.

There are many companies/tools that will allow you to exchange the top 10 coins or so into fiat
currency and back. Using multiple tools and websites is detrimental to your success. Our
solution to this is nothing new. However, integration and convergence within a single platform is
key.

6

Spec and Pos/MN reward system:

7

Webshop:

Our webshop is set up in such a way that it will function on a triaxial principal, set up as a multi stage
infrastructure in which a rotating product line will be created.

What do we mean by this? Glad you asked…

The entire structure will not only be beneficial for those that participate on our end but can also be
deemed beneficial to other outside web sources. This will complete the cycle from one end of the
spectrum to the next and back again which in and of itself will create a symbiotic flow. With this design
there will be a balanced convergence of supply and demand prohibiting inflation of the market.

MCPC Internal Webshop
The products we will initially be offering:
●
●
●
●

Phone cards, codes for data/minutes or top-ups and accessories.
Initial carriers will include but not be limited to Vodafone, Tele2, and T-Mobile.
Accessories suppliers to be announced upon Marketplace release, possibly sooner.
We also aim to embed tools for you to exchange your cryptocurrency to fiat and back
seamlessly.

MCPC Public Marketplace
●

●
●
●
●

First and foremost every seller within the marketplace will be vetted via our internal KYD
process. We want to make sure that all transactions are conducted in a professional manner
and we will not tolerate scammers.
There will be an unbiased escrow component to assist in the control of all transactions.
An outside web source (merchant) will be able to embed their weblink into our website and then
their product will be showcased on our webstore.
Our customers can create their own webstore, then basically sell their own product or re-brand
our product lines as their own.
Additionally, there will be opportunities for all sellers as well as buyers to participate in an
affiliate system and mainly community through our community portal.

8

Affiliate / Partners:

The MCPC community will be able to join our network as an affiliate or as a
partner.
●
●
●
●
●

Partners will create content, manage it and upload product
Affiliates will promote this.
Once a sale is complete, our escrow service will pay both parties their percentage.
Lastly, when either party would like to withdraw their crypto into fiat currency, they can
exchange it in various ways.
Much more to come.

The above is a macro view of what we have planned for you and the MCPC
community. We are hard at work putting together partnerships as well as
additions to the infrastructure.

9

