Medic Coin

Table of Content
Introduction

1

Features

2

Medic EMR

3

Medic Phone Telemedicine App

8

Folding@home Project

10

MedicWalk

13

Conclusion

14

INTRODUCTION:
There are so many coins on the market, why do you need another
coin?
MedicCoin(MEDIC) is unique in that it has an active
team of developers, promoters, philanthropists, strong community
and several products to back it up.
MedicCoin adopts OpenEMR and makes it more useful for doctors and
patients. The developers are going to put a steroid on OpenEMR to
make it ten times better than what it is now. OpenEMR in its form as
MedicEMR allows patients and doctors to accept Medic Coin as a form
of payment for oﬃce visits.
MedicCoin Team is working hard to release MedicPhone, a
TeleMedicine app that allows patients to use MedicCoin to see an
online doctor. MedicPhone will be integrated with MedicEMR to give
you a complete and powerful electronic medical record.
MedicCoin allows you to mine, stake, masternode, and harvest. The
Scrypt algorithm proof of work allows you to earn 77 coins for each block
found. Staking allows you to earn 39.8 coins. MedicCoin’s masternode
owners enjoy 159.2 MEDIC per block found. Lastly, if you share your
computing power towards Stanford University’s Folding@Home project
with their research in protein folding to ﬁnd the cure for diseases and
research drug properties, you get reward with MEDIC coins.
MedicCoin Marketting Team is dedicated to sign up diﬀerent merchants
to accept Medic Coin as a form of payment. The Marketing team hold
experiences in the healthcare and their partners, including but not
limited to canabis shops, beauty salons and various retails. The end
goal is continuously increasing MEDIC utility.
MedicCoin is unique and strive to do good things to make life better.
Please help MedicCoin build a strong community and foundation.

01

FEATURES:
There are 199 coins in each PoS block.

Masternode owners

enjoy 159.2 coins or 80% of PoS block found.

Staking allows you to

enjoy 39.8 MedicCoins or 20% of PoS block.

To be a masternode

owner you need 199999 MedicCoins.

A single wallet can do both

staking and masternode at the same time.

At the same time, you

can have multiple masternodes in a single wallet.
There are 77 coins in each PoW block. The diﬃculty retargeting is every
block. The last PoW block is 99,999. At that time Stanford University’s
Folding@Home kicks in to allow you to earn MedicCoin through using your
CPU/GPU to help scientists accelerate healthcare research multiple drugs/
medication properties and various diseases including Alheizmer’s, diabetes,
congenital diseases, etc.

MEDIC COIN SPECIFICATIONS:
Coin Name : MedicCoin
Coin Ticker : MEDIC
PoW Algorithm: Scrypt
Diﬃcult Retargeting: Every 1 block
Maximum Block Size: 3MB
Max Supply: 500,000,000 MedicCoin
Block Time: 90 seconds
Stake age : 1 Hr
PoW Block Reward : 77 coins per block
Last PoW Block : 99,999 Block
PoS Block Reward: 199 MEDIC (80% to MN Owner; 20% to Stakers)
Masternode Collateral: 199,999 MEDIC

02

MEDIC EMR
Blockchain Quick Review
Blockchain is fundamentally a new type of database technology that is optimized to
tackle a unique set of challenges. Historically, databases have been used as central
data repositories by organizations to support transaction processing and
computation. However, databases are rarely shared between organizations due to a
variety of technology and security concerns. Blockchain is a shared, distributed
database of transactions among parties that is designed to increase transparency,
security, and eﬃciency. Blockchain is a database (with copies of the database
replicated across multiple locations or nodes) of transactions (between two or more
parties) split into blocks (with each block containing details of the transaction such
as the seller, the buyer, the price, the contract terms, and other relevant details)
which are validated by the entire network via encryption by combining the common
transaction is valid if the result of the encoding is the same for all nodes and added
to the chain of prior transactions (as long as the block is validated). If the block is
invalid, a "consensus" of nodes will correct the result in the non-conforming node.
Blockchain Ledger Transactions Blockchain has the following advantages over a
conventional centralized database.
Security: Blockchain relies on encryption to validate transactions by verifying the
identities of parties involved in a transaction. This ensures that a "false" transaction
cannot be added to the blockchain without the consent of the parties involved. A
complex mathematical calculation known as a "hash" is performed each time a
transaction is added to the blockchain, which depends on the transaction data, the
dentities of the parties involved in the transaction, and the result of previous
transactions. The fact that the current state of the blockchain depends on previous
transactions ensures that a malicious actor cannot alter past transactions. This is
because if previous transaction data is changed, it will impact the current value of
the hash and not match other copies of the ledger.

03

Transparency: By its very nature, blockchain is a distributed database that is
maintained and synchronized among multiple nodes – for example, by multiple
counterparties who transact with each other frequently. In addition, transaction data
must be consistent between parties in order to be added to the blockchain in the
ﬁrst place. This means that by design, multiple parties can access the same data (in
some cases locally within their organizations) – thus signiﬁcantly increasing the level
of transparency relative to conventional systems that might depend on multiple
“siloed” databases behind ﬁrewalls that are not visible outside a single organization.
Eﬃciency: Conceptually, maintaining multiple copies of a database with blockchain
would not appear to be more eﬃcient than a single, centralized database. However,
in most real-world examples (including several of the case studies we examined in
capital markets), multiple parties already maintain duplicate databases containing
information about the same transactions. In many cases, the data pertaining to the
same transaction is in conﬂict – resulting in the need for costly, time-consuming
reconciliation procedures between organizations. Employing a distributed database
system such as blockchain across organizations can substantially reduce the need
for manual reconciliation, thus driving considerable savings. In addition, in some
cases blockchain oﬀers the potential for organizations to develop common or
“mutual” capabilities that eliminate the need for duplication of the same eﬀort across
multiple organizations.

HIPAA Regulations and Compliance Guidelines
Before the discussion concerning its implementations, it is imperative to discuss
issues regarding Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996
(HIPAA). There are a couple of primary concern rules that include cloud computing
guidelines, privacy, and security rule. The main aim of this paper is not to conduct a
HIPAA law full investigation. Upon the moment of relevant application, issues that
are pertinent to implementation discussion will be discussed explicitly.

04

Privacy Rule
According to the MedicCoin Team business model and due to Electronic Medical Records
(EMR) sensitive nature, it is imperative for the Privacy Rule requirement to be observed.
This is due to the private health information transmission and storage. The privacy rule, in
this case, refers to the health plans, health care clearinghouses among other healthcare
organizations that transit their work using the electronic form. Another party that is aﬀected
by HIPAA compliance is the service providers that act on their behalf. When it comes to
the second hand agents also known as the Business Associates (BA), adhering to
Business Associate Contract (BAC) is crucial. For many years, HIPAA has placed a strict
requirement to the above agreements.
From an initial investigation, there are points of merit that include the requirements
of them that are authorized to use, the use of the de-identiﬁed information and the
deﬁnition of the private information is deﬁned. De-Identiﬁed health information has
been deﬁned as the health information that provides an identiﬁcation of a person
where no reasonable basis that ensures that the information can be used in
individual identiﬁcation. When it comes to De-identiﬁed data restrictions that use
restrictions, below is the summary of the restrictions. For example, there are no
restrictions when it comes to the use or disclosure of the de-identiﬁed health
information. In this case, this information does not provide an individual identiﬁcation or
even provide a reasonable basis to identify an individual. A boundary that
separates identiﬁable and de-identiﬁable data acts as a source of information that
restricts individuals. This boundary is associated with 0.04% of the US population.

HEALTHCARE INFRASTRUCTURE CONUNDRUM
Nowadays, healthcare prescribers can use a system known as e-prescribing to
transmit prescriptions electronically. According to IOM Report titled Future Directions for
the National Healthcare Quality and Disparities Reports, the quality of care
delivered can be improved and medication cost reduced if prescribers start
adopting health IT as a tool. Medical errors that occur during prescription,
description, administration and patient’s care monitoring stages can be reduced
through e-prescribing adoption.

05

According to various studies, medication errors can also be reduced through the
elimi-nation of the handwriting interpretation. Through this elimination, the
communication time between oﬃce staﬀ and pharmacies is also reduced. The
move can also avoid the high costs of adverse drug events. In a year, adverse
drug events come to approximately 380,000 and 450,000 in the US. This results
in a cost of $3.5 billion in a year.
Among many aspects of e-prescribing, the clinical decision has a large number
of computerized tools that are directed towards improving patient’s care. The clinical
decision support has computerized reminders, oﬀers advice related to
drug selection, dosage, allergies and interactions among many others. Once a
prescription has been placed in the system, it follows the patient that ends up in
handoﬀ errors avoidance.
Open Source to Start the Movement
In the medical world, open source is comparable to a peer review. Through the
software code, users are in a position to test, poke at, test drive and criticize the
software since its public. Unlike other EMR’s, users in this software can improve,
customize it and learn to code. Through this source, physicians can also learn what
many have considered as a black box that only magicians can open. Through
open source, we (patients’ and physicians) get enlightened about
tools we use.
Lastly, open source is aﬀordable with no license fee or entrance fee. In this case,
anyone can join it. Through this community, issues of common interest between
patients and physicians can be discussed. For those that think of starting an
open source from scratch is a major issue, MedicCoin Team have you covered.
Despite many developed EHRs, this section focuses on MedicEMR. This EHR
largely addresses the issue of privacy where patients can control their health
information.

MedicEMR
MedicEMR is a branch of OpenEMR. The team is utilizing OpenEMR experience and
integrate it with MedicCoin to create a MedicCoin ecosystem. MedicEMR, like
OpenEMR, will be Meaningful Use 2 certiﬁed. Users will be able to switch between
MedicEMR and OpenEMR ﬂawlessly. Here are some rich features of the OpenEMR
software that MedicEMR will beneﬁt.

06

A feature-rich solution
Our vibrant community of volunteers and contributors have maintained critical OpenEMR
features for over a decade. With over 30 supported languages, many customizations, and
full data ownership.. On top of this, users in need of support can take advantage of our
volunteer support network as well as over 30 vendors in over 10 countries.
Scheduling
Advanced scheduling allows clinics to create repeating events, automated-workﬂows
triggered by check-in, and patient reminds.
e-Prescribing
Enter a prescription into an encounter and have it electronically sent to the patient's
pharmacy.
Medical Billing
Export billing data in standardized, including X12.
CMS Reporting
Generate CMS Meaningful Use reports with just a few clicks
Lab Integration
Have lab orders automatically sent to a lab and integrate the results into a patient's chart
automatically
Clinical Decision Rules
Navigate complex patient algorithms using the clinical decision rules engine to ensure the
highest quality of care for patients.
Advanced Security
HIPAA-friendly, ﬁne-grained access control objects, and industry-standard password
hashing helps to protect your practice from intrusion
Multilingual Support
Available in over 30 languages, and customizable to add more.
MedicEMR is an open source EMR with blockchain features. With the integration of
MedicCoin payment system, patients can pay doctors for their visits. Doctors can reward
patients with MedicCoin for keeping their blood pressure and diabetes under control.
Pharmaceutical companies can pay doctors in MedicCoin for data mining.

07

MedicPhone TeleMedicine App
According to Grandview Research Inc,. the global telemedicine market is expected to
reach USD 113.1 billion by 2025. Key drivers of the market include increasing
incidences of chronic conditions and rising demand for self-care. Furthermore, enhancing
application of internet, virtual medicine and rising demand for centralization of healthcare
are expected to save on cost incurred, which is one of the critical success factors
attributing for the growth of telemedicine market.
Virtual medicine is beneficial by reducing the emergency room visits and hospitalization
rate, thereby augmenting the market growth. The telemedicine market is segmented on
the basis of products, and region. The service oﬀers prime channel for various providers
to communicate on the same platform and thus, centralize all the available data.
There are five(5) ways telemedicine is helping to solo practices reduce healthcare cost:
1.
Use of remote analysis services. Remote analysis services, like telepathology and
teleradiology, can contribute to lower cost and higher quality care as they enable highly
trained professionals to work as a pooled resource. Use of these remote services
enables low-volume providers to have around the clock coverage at a lower cost. In
smaller facilities, there may not be sufficient volume to keep a pathologist or radiologist
fully occupied. Telemedicine enables fractional employment.
2.
Remote monitoring technologies. Remote monitoring technologies are enabling
patients to be monitored on an ambulatory basis when they previously may have needed
to be monitored as inpatients. Given the high cost of providing inpatient services, though,
moving some forms of observation to an outpatient basis substantially reduces the costs
borne by the healthcare system.
3.
Phone monitoring technologies. The use of Phone monitoring technologies
reduces the cost of complications due to chronic disease. For instance, an increase in
body weight due to fluid retention is often a sign that someone may soon need to be
hospitalized due to heart failure. Disease managers with access to daily weight
information may be able to help a person experiencing fluid retention get the care they
need before a crisis occurs. Averting crises both improves the quality of care and lowers
costs.
4.
At-home Triage Services. At home triage services facilitated by televisits with
nurses and primary care physicians reduces the unnecessary (and expensive) use of
emergency room visits.
5.
Telemedicine Appointments. By offering telemedicine appointments, providers
can reduce the amount of their unused capacity that goes to waste. Many services allow
providers to start or stop accepting patients based upon their current availability. As this
capacity would otherwise not produce any revenue, providers are able to provide remote
patient visits at a rate that is lower than the one they normally offer. This in turn reduces
system costs by enabling patients to receive care at a lower price point.

Hospitals can also reduce cost with Telemedicine:
1. Readmission Reduction
Telemedicine is being used as a key part of hospitals’ readmission reduction programs to
help combat high readmission rates.
By improving the follow-up care and care
management of a range of patients—from the chronically ill to post-surgical patients –
hospitals find they can prevent many readmissions. Each patient’s parameters were
reviewed by telemonitoring nurses, who were able to then intervene for immediate
teachings when the patient was out of their range.
2. Better Staff Utilization
Telemedicine enables health systems to better distribute staff throughout their
healthcare facilities and load-balance resources across entire systems, reaching
more patients with less strain on specialist resources. Telemedicine also improves
provider-to-provider communication, which can also result in improved patient care
and as a result, cost savings.
3. Preventative Outreach
Telemedicine can be a true game-changer when it comes to preventing hospital
admissions by facilitating regular and convenient

09

FOLDING@HOME AND MEDICCOIN
Once the last MEDIC block of PoW is done, Folding@Home kicks in to allow you to
earn MedicCoin through CPU/GPU protein folding. Folding@home (FAH or F@h) is a
distributed computing project for disease research that simulates protein folding,
computational drug design, and other types of molecular dynamics. As of today, the
project is using the idle resources of personal computers owned by volunteers from all
over the world. Thousands of people contribute to the success of this project.[2] F@h
software independently runs to reinforce biomedical researches with virus prevention
while facilitating drug designs utilizing Google Chrome Client from the Pande Lab of
Stanford University. While you are busy with your everyday activities, your computer
is working to assist biomedical researchers accelerate the mutation calculations to
prevent a variety of diseases including Alzheimer's disease, cancer, Creutzfeldt-Jakob
disease, cystic fibrosis, Huntington's disease, sickle-cell anemia, and type II
diabetes[12][13][14].
Folding@home is developed and operated by the Pande Laboratory at Stanford
University, under the direction of Prof. Vijay Pande, and is shared by various scientific
institutions and research laboratories across the world.[1]
The project has pioneered the use of Computer Processing Units (CPUs) and
graphics processing units (GPUs) for distributed computing and scientific research.
The project uses statistical simulation methodology that is a paradigm shift from
traditional computing methods.[5] As part of the client–server model network
architecture, the volunteered machines each receive pieces of a simulation (work
units), complete them, and return them to the project's database servers, where the
units are compiled into an overall simulation. Volunteers can track their contributions
on the F@h website, which makes volunteers' participation competitive and
encourages long-term involvement.
Similarly to other distributed computing projects, Folding@home quantitatively
assesses user computing contributions to the project through a credit system. All units
from a given protein project have uniform base credit, which is determined by
benchmarking one or more work units from that project on an official reference
machine before the project is released.[17]

10

Folding@home can use the parallel computing abilities of modern multi-core
processors. The ability to use several CPU cores simultaneously allows completing
the full simulation far faster. Working together, these CPU cores complete single
work units proportionately faster than the standard uniprocessor client. This method
is scientifically valuable because it enables much longer simulation trajectories to be
performed in the same amount of time, and reduces the traditional difficulties of
scaling a large simulation to many separate processors.[16] Each user receives
these base points for completing every work unit, though through the use of a
passkey they can receive added bonus points for reliably and rapidly completing units
which are more demanding computationally or have a greater scientific priority.[18]
[19] Users may also receive credit for their work by clients on multiple machines.[10]
This point system attempts to align awarded credit with the value of the scientific
results.[17]
Folding@home is one of the world's fastest computing systems, with a speed of
approximately 135 petaFLOPS[6] as of January 2018. This performance from its
large-scale computing network has allowed researchers to run computationally costly
atomic-level simulations of protein folding thousands of times longer than formerly
achieved. Since its launch on October 1, 2000, the Pande Lab has produced 139
scientific research papers as a direct result of Folding@home.[7] Results from the
project's simulations agree well with experiments.[8][9][10]
WHAT IS INSTANTSEND?
InstantSend is an advanced service that allows for near-instant transactions to take
place. With this system, inputs can be locked to speciﬁc transactions and veriﬁed by
consensus of the masternode network. Conﬂicting transactions and blocks are
rejected. If a consensus cannot be reached by the masternode network, validation of
the transaction will occur through standard block conﬁrmation. InstantSend is able to
solve the double-spending problem without the longer conﬁrmation times of other
cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin.

11

DARKSEND BASICS
DarkSend provides true ﬁnancial privacy by obscuring the origins of your funds. All
the MedicCoin in your wallet is made up of diﬀerent “inputs” which you can think of
as separate, discrete coins. DarkSend makes use of an innovative process to mix
your inputs with the inputs of two other people, without your coins ever leaving your
wallet. You keep full control of your money at all times.
The DarkSend process works like this:
DarkSend starts oﬀ by breaking your transaction inputs down into standard
denomina-tions. These denominations are 0.01 MedicCoin, 0.1 MedicCoin, 1
MedicCoin and 10 MedicCoin – kind of like the paper money that you use every day.
Your wallet then makes requests to specially conﬁgured software nodes on the
network, called “masternodes”, These masternodes are then informed that you are
interested in mixing a certain denomination. No identiﬁable information is sent to the
masternodes, so they never know “who” you are.
IMPORTANT: Your wallet only contains 1000 of these “change addresses.” Every
time a mixing event happens, one of your addresses is used up. Once enough of
them are used, your wallet must create more addresses. However, it can only do
this if you have enabled automatic backups. Consequently, users who have
backups disabled will also have DarkSend disabled.
Without DarkSend, tokens with less history would become increasingly valuable as
the network grows, because of their lack of association with prior transactions.
Without fungibility, there is a risk that certain tokens could be “red listed” and lose
some or all of their value if at any point in the past they had been found to be used
in illegal or questionable activities. Nobody wants to hold money that was involved in
illegal activity, yet after the activities take place, tokens re-enter the supply and pass
to new users who had no connection with the prior illegal acts. We remove this issue
with the implementation of DarkSend, which is included as part of the core protocol
of the MedicCoin network.

12

MedicWalk
MedicWalk is developed to motivate user to lead active lifestyle, control health
conditions and improve it while getting crypocurrency MedicCoin(MEDIC) for it.
MedicWalk could be used to purchase sports-related goods from in-app Shop like
sportswear, sport nutrition, online fitness & Yoga courses etc. and could be
transferred into tradeable MedicCoin(MEDIC) in one click.
Users will be given an ability to use their own time and energy to make profit.
MedicWalk would also become a place for a community with common interests in
sports, active & healthy lifestyle and healthy nutrition.
By using blockchain technology, MedicCoin(MEDIC) wish to give every user the
ability to monetize its' physical activity with no obstacles. Users will be given an
ability to start making profit in one click.
Fast Sign up on smartphone is the only thing needed to start earning MedicWalk.
Every registered user will be given a wallet inside MedicWalk. All the data as well as
earned and purchased MedicCoin(MEDIC) will be safely secured in it. User will be
able to operate with the wallet. As user runs, jogs, walks and dances the distance
MedicWalk coins are being added to his account in real-time. The number of coins
rewarded depends on several factors such as total distance, time spent, calories
burnt (if synchronized with apps with such calculating functions).
In the future, MedicWalk will support Smart Watch technology as well as integration
with all most popular smart accessories and apps for sports and health & activity
tracking such as: Fitbit, Google Fit, Apple Watch, Apple Health Kit, etc.

13

CONCLUSION
MedicCoin(MEDIC) is paramount to the success of creating a net-positive society
because it is a research based cryptocurrency with strong community and high
utilization; it is a force with potential to do good things and make life better. Owners
and investors of MedicCoin enjoy the profits of masternode and PoS at the same
time knowing that they are contributing to better society and building better future for
later generations.

WORKS CITED:

1. Pande lab. "About Folding@home". Folding@home. Stanford University. Retrieved 2017-06-30.
2. Pande lab (2012). "Folding@home homepage". Folding@home. Stanford University. Archived from the original on September 21, 2012.
Retrieved July 8, 2013.
3. Vijay Pande (February 18, 2013). "New FAH client, web site, and video". Folding@home. typepad.com. Retrieved February 18, 2013.
4. Pande lab (August 2, 2012). "Folding@home Open Source FAQ". Folding@home. Stanford University. Archived from the original (FAQ)
on September 21, 2012. Retrieved July 8, 2013.
5. Pande; K. Beauchamp; G. R. Bowman (2010). "Everything you wanted to know about Markov State Models but were afraid to ask".
Methods. 52 (1): 99–105. doi:10.1016/j.ymeth.2010.06.002. PMC 2933958 Freely accessible. PMID 20570730.
6. Pande lab. "Client Statistics by OS". Stanford University. Retrieved 2018-01-02.
7. Pande lab (July 27, 2012). "Papers & Results from Folding@home". Folding@home. Stanford University. Archived from the original on
September 21, 2012. Retrieved May 18, 2017.
8. Vincent A. Voelz; Gregory R. Bowman; Kyle Beauchamp; Vijay S. Pande (2010). "Molecular simulation of ab initio protein folding for a
millisecond folder NTL9(1–39)". Journal of the American Chemical Society. 132 (5): 1526–1528. doi:10.1021/ja9090353. PMC
2835335 Freely accessible. PMID 20070076.
9. Gregory R. Bowman; Vijay S. Pande (2010). "Protein folded states are kinetic hubs". Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. 107
(24): 10890. Bibcode:2010PNAS..10710890B. doi:10.1073/pnas.1003962107. PMC 2890711 Freely accessible. PMID 20534497.
10. Christopher D. Snow; Houbi Ngyen; Vijay S. Pande; Martin Gruebele (2002). "Absolute comparison of simulated and experimental proteinfolding dynamics" (PDF). Nature. 420 (6911): 102–106. Bibcode:2002Natur.420..102S. doi:10.1038/nature01160. PMID 12422224.
11. Fabrizio Marinelli, Fabio Pietrucci, Alessandro Laio, Stefano Piana (2009). Pande, Vijay S., ed. "A Kinetic Model of Trp-Cage Folding from
Multiple Biased Molecular Dynamics Simulations". PLoS Computational Biology. 5: e1000452. Bibcode:2009PLSCB...5E0452M.
doi:10.1371/journal.pcbi.1000452. PMC 2711228 Freely accessible. PMID 19662155.
12. "So Much More to Know". Science. 309 (5731): 78–102. 2005. doi:10.1126/science.309.5731.78b. PMID 15994524.
13. Heath Ecroyd; John A. Carver (2008). "Unraveling the mysteries of protein folding and misfolding". IUBMB Life (review). 60 (12): 769–
774. doi:10.1002/iub.117. PMID 18767168.
14. Yiwen Chen; Feng Ding; Huifen Nie; Adrian W. Serohijos; Shantanu Sharma; Kyle C. Wilcox; Shuangye Yin; Nikolay V. Dokholyan
(2008). "Protein folding: Then and now". Archives of Biochemistry and Biophysics. 469 (1): 4–19. doi:10.1016/j.abb.2007.05.014. PMC 2173875
Freely accessible. PMID 17585870.
15. Leila M Luheshi; Damian Crowther; Christopher Dobson (2008). "Protein misfolding and disease: from the test tube to the organism".
Current Opinion in Chemical Biology. 12 (1): 25–31. doi:10.1016/j.cbpa.2008.02.011. PMID 18295611.
16. C. D. Snow; E. J. Sorin; Y. M. Rhee; V. S. Pande. (2005). "How well can simulation predict protein folding kinetics and thermodynamics?".
Annual Review of Biophysics (review). 34: 43–69. doi:10.1146/annurev.biophys.34.040204.144447. PMID 15869383.
17. A. Verma; S.M. Gopal; A. Schug; J.S. Oh; K.V. Klenin; K.H. Lee; W. Wenzel (2008). Massively Parallel All Atom Protein Folding in a
Single Day. Advances in Parallel Computing. 15. pp. 527–534. ISBN 978-1-58603-796-3. ISSN 0927-5452.
18. Vijay S. Pande; Ian Baker; Jarrod Chapman; Sidney P. Elmer; Siraj Khaliq; Stefan M. Larson; Young Min Rhee; Michael R. Shirts;
Christopher D. Snow; Eric J. Sorin; Bojan Zagrovic (2002). "Atomistic protein folding simulations on the submillisecond timescale using
worldwide distributed computing". Biopolymers. 68 (1): 91–109. doi:10.1002/bip.10219. PMID 12579582.
19. Bowman; V. Volez; V. S. Pande (2011). "Taming the complexity of protein folding". Current Opinion in Structural Biology. 21 (1): 4–11.
doi:10.1016/j.sbi.2010.10.006. PMC 3042729 Freely accessible. PMID 21081274.
20. Chodera, John D.; Swope, William C.; Pitera, Jed W.; Dill, Ken A. (1 January 2006). "Long‐Time Protein Folding Dynamics from Short‐
Time Molecular Dynamics Simulations". Multiscale Modeling & Simulation. 5 (4): 1214–1226. doi:10.1137/06065146X.
21. Robert B Best (2012). "Atomistic molecular simulations of protein folding". Current Opinion in Structural Biology (review). 22 (1): 52–
61. doi:10.1016/j.sbi.2011.12.001. PMID 22257762.
22. Lane; Gregory Bowman; Robert McGibbon; Christian Schwantes; Vijay Pande; Bruce Borden (September 10, 2012). "Folding@home
Simulation FAQ". Folding@home. Stanford University. Archived from the original on September 21, 2012. Retrieved July 8, 2013.
23. Jump up ^ Gregory R. Bowman; Daniel L. Ensign; Vijay S. Pande (2010). "Enhanced Modeling via Network Theory: Adaptive Sampling of
Markov State Models". Journal of Chemical Theory and Computation. 6 (3): 787–794. doi:10.1021/ct900620b.
24. Jump up ^ Vijay Pande (June 8, 2012). "FAHcon 2012: Thinking about how far FAH has come". Folding@home. typepad.com. Archived
from the original on September 21, 2012. Retrieved June 12, 2012.
25. Kyle A. Beauchamp; Daniel L. Ensign; Rhiju Das; Vijay S. Pande (2011). "Quantitative comparison of villin headpiece subdomain
simulations and triplet–triplet energy transfer experiments". Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. 108 (31): 12734.
Bibcode:2011PNAS..10812734B. doi:10.1073/pnas.1010880108. PMC 3150881 Freely accessible. PMID 21768345.

14

