1|Page

In the healthcare industry, a large quantity of data is generated and used instantaneously by
not only healthcare providers, but also by healthcare consumers and researchers. Most of the
data is generated by healthcare organizations, but unfortunately, the medical data is
fragmented and dispersed due to the current medical data system and regulations from
various governances.

Unfortunately, current regulatory restrictions obstruct and stand in the way of an efficient
healthcare system. The HIPPA (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act) of the
United States set forth strict guidelines in sharing healthcare information among providers,
insurers, and consumers, which minimize the sharing of healthcare information in the name
of protecting privacy. Other countries have similar regulatory restrictions in sharing healthcare
information, which makes the sharing of sensitive personal healthcare information difficult.

The inability to access a patient’s complete medical history hinders proper medical care,
promotes wasteful medical services, and generates unnecessary administrative overhead.
Medical data generated by current healthcare organizations use individual and incompatible
platforms, making the data less reliable. Also, the costs of setting up and maintaining current
healthcare platforms are very expensive. This results in reduced quality of care for patients
and healthcare consumers.

Since the emergence of blockchain technology, various platforms have attempted to distribute
healthcare information securely and efficiently. However, most of these platforms have existing
limitations due to 1) absence of profit model, 2) lack of benefit between the medical
institutions that use the platform,
2|Page

3) regulatory restrictions, 4) difficulty in sharing healthcare information amongst health
information generators, and 5) patients having difficulty in keeping a proper record of
their personal healthcare information because their medical records are dispersed amongst
different providers, and because healthcare providers use individual and incompatible
platforms.
These issues are especially troublesome for patients who might have a difficult time
expressing themselves clearly. For example,
1) patients with language barriers that are commonly found in multicultural countries
such as United States,
2) patients who aren’t able to effectively communicate their medical conditions due
to cognitive deficits and/or physical disabilities,
3) And elders that may find difficulty in expressing their condition desperately need
guidance.

Having grown up in the United States with a lot of social support and benefit, and currently
working as lawyers, doctors, and IT professionals, MediBit project team members present a
new medical business model built on blockchain technologies in order to reform the US
healthcare system and bring its high-cost structure down by tackling the core issues that
plague the system.

After completing a successful medical platform model in the US, MediBit will actively
collaborate with other healthcare platforms to create a world without medical barriers, and
evolve into global network project by launching MediBit UK, MediBit SG, MediBit CAN, MediBit
JPN, MediBit KOR, and 11 others.

3|Page

MediBit will provide an HIPPA-compliment, open platform based on blockchain technology,
where healthcare consumers can authorize, choose, and control the level of sharing of their
personal health information with healthcare organizations.
MediBit has distinctive differences compared to other proposed healthcare platforms on the
market in the following areas:

1. MediBit will incorporate a microchip installed card system & mobile application
(requires pin and/or biological information such as fingerprint to access the
information). MediBit card users will be able to pull their medical history from our
secured platform in any hospital or healthcare provider. In the case of stolen or lost
cards, the data won’t be accessible unless the correct pin is entered. Healthcare
information which is dispersed throughout various healthcare organizations can be
organized on the MediBit platform with the permission of the patient or healthcare
4|Page

consumer, which will be used whenever the consumer wants to forward his/her
personal healthcare information by submitting the chip installed card to another
healthcare network.

By downloading the healthcare information stored on MediBit, which is supported by
blockchain technology, a healthcare network can easily access the most up-to-date
personal health information without spending extra time and money to collect the
personal health information from the consumer. Although each healthcare organization
uses a different format to store medical data, essential healthcare information
including, but not limited to, past medical history, surgical history, allergy, medication
list and/or family history, is stored in a similar format, which can be easily categorized
by artificial intelligence, which we will develop.

A consumer who has any difficulty reporting his/her own medical history in a traditional
setup can benefit tremendously from MediBit. Anyone who has language barriers,
cognitive deficits and/or physical/mental disabilities can easily, safely and securely
transfer their medical history to healthcare providers using their MediBit cards. Not
only will it save time and costs in the healthcare industry, MediBit will also decrease
medical errors dramatically.
5|Page

2. In MediBit ecosystem, MediBit platform offers an efficient platform for
health/medical data producers and consumers along with wide range of benefits
all while creating realistic revenue for MediBit platform.

Once the MediBit project has built its first MediBit medical database through
partnerships with fitness centers and small to medium sized hospitals, MediBit will be
able to receive platform usage fee from hospitals, pharmacies, pharmaceutical research
institutions, insurance companies, and fitness centers because using MediBit platform
provides a clear economic benefit to these organizations and institutions.

1) Hospitals in the United States spend more than 31% of hospital operating costs to
hire staff to manage patient medical information. By participating in the MediBit
project, these hospitals can significantly increase hospital revenues by significantly
reducing hospital operation costs and can escape the difficulty of hiring and
managing hospital staff.

6|Page

For example, if MediBit platform cuts the hospital operating cost by 65%, and the
number of problems caused by hiring hospital staff is reduced, doctors and hospital
operators will happily pay a fee to employee the MediBit platform. In fact, all
physicians and pharmacists currently involved in the MediBit project and their
associated hospitals already have plans to use the MediBit platform and pay for
platform usage fee. Therefore, hospitals and pharmacies are loyal customers of the
MediBit platform as well as an important provider of health/medical data to build
MediBit platform’s initial database.

2) Currently, insurance companies in the United States do not have an efficient means
to obtain accurate and complete medical history of their customers. Insurance
companies using the MediBit platform can obtain the complete medical information
of the customer all in one place, and in doing so not only can reduce the
administrative cost the companies are able to provide more accurate premiums. In
the future, insurance companies will become important member of MediBit
ecosystem.

3) In United States, there is a tremendous interest in personal health. Reflecting this,
there are 36,000 to 40,000 fitness centers throughout the country, with more than
55 million members and growing. The MediBit is working closely with fitness centers
to launch an ambitious project. The MediBit project will offer advanced massage
chairs and weight scales to fitness centers. The members of these fitness centers
will not be required to pay a fee to use the massage chair and weight scale but
instead share the health data (blood pressure, heart rate, oxygen saturation, weight,
and ankle-brachial index) collected to MediBit platform and fitness centers.

7|Page

(a) Benefit for the Fitness Center Members Fitness center members can use the
massage chairs for free after they receive a MediBit card from their fitness center.
By using the massage chair and MediBit platform, fitness center members can
track various health data such as blood pressure, heart rate, oxygen saturation,
weight, and ankle-brachial index, and receive MediBit coin for sharing their
health data info in which can be used for other services offered by MediBit
platform.

(b) By partnering with MediBit, fitness centers can increase their reputation and
satisfaction of fitness center members by providing advanced massage chair
service that allows the members to relax after a workout all free of charge. In
addition, by receiving the health information of the members provided by the
MediBit platform, fitness centers are able to offer exercise programs and/or diet
programs to the members that have high blood pressure or increase in body
weight. In result, fitness centers are able to increase their level of customer care
and revenue without investing a large sum of money, thanks to their partnership
with MediBit.

8|Page

(c) Benefits for MediBit Through this partnership with fitness centers, MediBit can
have access to the massive market of health information of 55 million people,
build an initial medical database, and complete a part of the MediBit ecosystem.
The MediBit platform’s initial health and medical database is based on small and
medium sized hospitals, pharmacies and 55 million fitness clubs.

(d) Development of the advanced massage chairs for fitness clubs are completed
without investment due to partnership with another blockchain project, SRCOIN.
SRCOIN has already been developing advanced massage chairs with equipped
with sensors that collect health data. The cost of purchasing the massage chairs
from SRCOIN will be paid in MediBit coins.

3. MediBit platform not only helps the healthcare industry save time and money in
collecting accurate and complete medical data, it can drastically reduce medical
service errors caused by incomplete/inaccurate medical data.

9|Page

Studies have shown that the US healthcare system wastes $765 billion a year. MediBit
platform will drastically lower this waste by fixing the main issues that promote
inefficient practices and automating strenuous tasks, and ultimately lowering the cost
of healthcare. The MediBit project's goal is to build a robust and competitive healthcare
platform that enables every users to efficiently and accurately manage and use their
health information in one place.

4. As MediBit becomes a recognized global standard in the United States, we pursue
a Global Medical platform that is not limited to countries or regions.
Some medical platforms have been proposed to the market. However, virtually all of
these medical platforms are designed for their own country or region, thus hindering
themselves from becoming a global platform. This results in lack of attention from
medical data producers and consumers due to their inborn limitations. The MediBit
project is an open platform that allows simple exchange of medical data, and the
MediBit Coin will be used in the process.

MediBit will provide a realistic platform based on blockchain technology, offering
incentives to various health related industries using tools such as chip-installed cards, as
well as massage chairs which are already being used widely in various settings.

10 | P a g e

1. Strained Healthcare System
The demand for healthcare is growing and puts great pressure on government budgets
and creates problems for aging population. The Congressional Budget Office calculates
that major health programs will account for one-third of the growth in total federal
outlays over the next 10 years and being the largest of any major category. Yet, the
U.S. healthcare system is severely inefficient. According to ProPublica, U.S. healthcare
system wastes about $765 billion a year. U.S. government’s answer to this problem is
to reduce the federal match for new enrollees and tightening eligibility standards
related to the federal poverty level. This plan may reduce the spending temporarily,
but it does not solve the core underlying issue of wastes and inefficiencies. MediBit
platform tackles the core problems that healthcare system faces and in process
save billions of dollars for both patients and healthcare industry.

11 | P a g e

2. Administrative Overhead
The Census Bureau reports that 31 percent or more employees in physician’s office
are devoted to administrative and office functions, such as insurance billing and health
records management. By comparison, only 22 percent of employees at law firms are
devoted to administrative work and across all industries just 13 percent employees
perform administrative functions. Using blockchain technology, MediBit can automate
and validate claims/ paperwork that normally require a professional or notary in a
wholly transparent and secure way. Not only that the medical data will be easily
accessible to those who have permission to view it, it will dramatically cut down on
paperwork and make the process more efficient, which will decrease cost as well.

12 | P a g e

3. Unnecessary Medical Services
Overtreatment is a cause of preventable harm and waste in healthcare. Little is known
about clinician perspectives on the problem. Physicians reported that a median of 21
percent of overall medical care was unnecessary, including 22 percent of prescription
medications, 25 percent of tests, and 11 percent of procedures. The most commonly
cited reasons for overtreatment were difficulty accessing medical records, fear of
malpractice, and pressure /request from patient. MediBit will effectively cut down

unnecessary medical services by training residents on appropriate criteria,
providing easy access to health records, and more practice guidelines.

4. Scattered Medical History
Healthcare physician providers and insurance payers are all over the place in terms of
how different entities handle health records, and MediBit understands that
transitioning to another platform is a long and difficult process. Using A.I. (Artificial

intelligence) technology, MediBit can receive and read medical data email/ fax/
letters from hospitals/ clinics and record the data in encrypted storage server.
Until medical institutions are able to make the necessary transition to MediBit
platform, this method will ease the process of sharing medical data to MediBit.

13 | P a g e

Healthcare industry needs major changes, but it is tied down by institutions and doctors
refusing to change, and there are many hospitals and doctors that refuse to share data
because it is a competitive advantage to keep data to themselves. Blockchain healthcare
platforms have not yet solved this issue. MediBit will solve this issue by generating constant
flow of new data to its platform by partnering with fitness center industry leaders (such
as Lifetime Fitness, LA Fitness, Equinox, Fitness First, Will’s Fitness and Anytime Fitness).

MediBit will set up massage chairs equipped with multi-function health tracker in the fitness
centers and collect various personal health information including, but not limited to, blood
pressure, heart rate, oxygen saturation and ankle-brachial index. Through partnership with
fitness industry which already has a large population who has more interest in personal
healthcare than a general population, this platform will be used widely with less difficulties
imposed by regulatory restriction. Collected healthcare information using a massage chair can
be mutually exchanged with healthcare organizations for their own data and in return reward
users with MediBit Coin.
14 | P a g e

Here is a list of potential Fitness Centers in our partnership program:

LA Fitness(https://www.lafitness.com/) is an American gym
chain with over 700 clubs across the United States and
Canada. LA Fitness was formed in 1984 and is based in
Irvine, California. LA Fitness has more than 1 million members and generated revenue of $2
billion USD.

Life Time(ihttp://www.lifetime.life/), Inc. is a chain of
health clubs in the United States and Canada. Many of its
facilities operate 24/7 and feature personal trainers,
salons, food courts, child care centers, and indoor/outdoor pools. Life Time has more than
800,000 members and generated revenue of $1.3 billion USD.

Fitness First(http://www.fitnessfirst.com/) is the largest
privately-owned health club group in the world. It
consists of more than 360 Fitness First clubs worldwide
reaching just over 927,000 members in 16 countries. In the UK alone, there are 78 Fitness First
clubs with over 171,000 members.

15 | P a g e

Anytime Fitness(http://www.anytimefitness.com/) is a
24-hour health and fitness club. MediBit operates over
3,000 franchised locations in 20 countries and has over 3 million members. According to
International Health, Racquest and Sportsclub Association, Anytime Fitness is the world’s
fastest-growing fitness club for the sixth consecutive year.

Goodlife Fitness Center (http://www.goodlifefitness.com/)
is the largest health club company in Canada with over
300 locations across the country and 77 locations in Australia.

Equinox

(http://www.equinox.com/) is

an

American luxury fitness company which operates several
separate fitness brands: Equinox, PURE Yoga, Blink Fitness, and SoulCycle. Within Equinox's
portfolio of brands, there are more than 135 locations within every major city across the
United States in addition to London, Toronto, and Vancouver and has over 500,000 members.

PureGym (http://www.puregym.com/) is a chain of no
frills fitness clubs in the United Kingdom. The chain is based
in Leeds and has gyms across the UK. It is Britain's largest
gym chain by membership with about 900,000 members
currently signed up and has plans to open 300 gyms by 2020.

16 | P a g e

1. MediBit Information Exchange (MIX)
Enhancing healthcare experience in the US is only the first step of the MediBit journey;
MediBit aims to build a health information platform globally. One way to achieve our
global vision is to target international travels. According to World Travel & Tourism
Council's Travel & Tourism Economic Impact 2018 publication, the number of
international travels around the world has been growing over last decade –
international travels are expected to reach 1.4 billion in 2018 and 2.1 billion by
2028. With the upward trend in international travels, naturally, there are more medical
emergencies, and a greater need for medical care abroad. However, when medical
incidents occur outside one’s home country, it is extremely difficult and timeconsuming to retrieve medical history, not to mention ways to pass that information
to a local doctor. To aggravate the problem, travelers are often faced with significant
language barriers between themselves and local healthcare providers. Hence, MediBit
sees the strong need in the world that we live in today for a global medical information
exchange platform. So, MediBit is introducing MediBit Information Exchange (MIX).

MIX will be a global medical information exchange where each traveler's medical
history is reformatted and reorganized to match the language and standards that are
compatible for healthcare providers in a particular country. Through MIX, MediBit will
revolutionize how travelers share and access their health records while abroad with
ease.

Here is how it works. Let's say you are living in South Korea and using MediBloc as a
primary channel to access your medical history. Now you are about to travel to San
Francisco for a week. As you prepare for your trip, you decide to carry your medical
history in case of any emergencies in the US. To do so, you simply go on MIX and
17 | P a g e

find that primary health information platform in the US is MediBit. Then, with a few
taps on the MIX app, you are able to transfer your medical information to MediBit,
and MediBit will translate and reformat the information that will be presentable in the
US. Now, you have your medical history the entire time you are in San Francisco.

MediBit strives to provide a solution to the growing demand to access medical records
when traveling abroad. Through MIX, MediBit will evolve and globalize health
information platform.

sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss

18 | P a g e

2. MediBit Token Exchange (MTX)
In conjunction with MedIX, MediBit plans to develop MediBit Token Exchange (MTX),
a one-stop medical token exchange marketplace. If an international traveler is looking
to purchase a service on MIX, he or she will need to have medical tokens that would
work for each platform specific to a country of travel destination (in the example above,
you need MediBit tokens to purchase the service). Thus, it adds significant convenience
for the traveler to use MTX, which will be integrated with MIX, as each health
information platform around the world is listed on various exchanges. For a beginner,
it is a long and difficult process that also requires knowledge of buying/ selling tokens
on an exchange. MediBit solves this problem by hosting a simple, integrated medical
token exchange marketplace. Moreover, MTX is a convenient way for research
institutions to purchase and access multiple health information platforms around the
world all at one place. dfdfsfsfsfsfsfsdfsfsfsfsfsffsssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss

MediBit is working to partner and coordinate closely with a variety of cryptocurrency
exchanges to build MIX and MTX.

19 | P a g e

1. MediBit Health Card / Mobile App
Every clinic, hospital, and medical center all have unique and complex forms you must
fill out. Imagine walking up to a hospital or clinic and they can pull your complete
health history with a single scan of your MediBit card/ app. Hospitals and patients can
save great amount of time and money spent on paperwork while preventing
misinformation that can occur on paper information. One of our objectives of the
MediBit is to harmonize the health systems while achieving more cooperation and
more convergence among the health systems, and finding answers to the questions
concerning to increasing patients’ mobility in the world.

20 | P a g e

2. Security
In 2015, more than 700 hacking breaches have occurred in health data industry, and
the top five breaches opened millions of personal records to criminal activities such as
fraud and identity theft. The largest healthcare breach ever recorded was that of the
health insurance company, Anthem. The breach exposed 78.8 million current and
former members’ names, birth dates, social security numbers, and other personal
information. Other major healthcare provider such as Blue Cross, Blue Shield, and
Premera were experienced data breaches that resulted in exposure of more than 21
million identities. The attacks didn’t stop there. In 2016, 11 million health care records
were exposed from data breaches. According to a survey conducted by Ponemon, the
average cost to healthcare organizations per record lost is $355, compared to $158
per lost or stolen record in other industries. With millions of identities lost each year,
it is obvious that cyber and data security is a major concern to healthcare industry.

MediBit will solve this problem by using decentralized data storage that is encrypted
with Blockchain keys. Our solution secures the data beyond any centralized system
currently in use.

Without the private key that is only given to the rightful owner, the data is inaccessible
and only the patients will have access to their private information. This system greatly
reduces the number of healthcare providers that will keep a patients’ records; thus,
reducing the possibility of data breach.

3. Reliability and Cost
Medical data providers often use cloud storage providers (CSPs) to store health data,
due to its cost-effective nature and there are lower IT management costs. However,
this poses a problem when consumers are oblivious as to who has access to the data,
and where the data is geographically located. Even if an agreement is developed
between the medical data provider and the cloud storage provider, it would only
21 | P a g e

provide the terms of who takes responsibility of the privacy and security of the data
in the event a breach occurs. In the end, the consumer would potentially have control
over access to these data streams but must rely on the cloud storage provider to
enforce these privileges.

In cloud-based storage, data is replicated and moved frequently, and in result, increase
the risks of unauthorized data breach. As a consequence, many individuals such as
administrators, network engineers, etc. may have access to data. Even if the data is
secured through strict protocol, it is reported that half of the data breaches are internal,
and come from inside the industry, and not outside.

By implementing blockchain technology to ease and secure security for all medical
data, we can greatly reduce data breaches and decentralize health data records. All
data will be encrypted using NIST compliant algorithms in addition to region or country
specific mandates. Health data is growing at an alarming rate and blockchain powered

MediBit will make simple and easy health data security (HIPPA) achievable for both
patients and healthcare providers.

4. Smart Medical Data (SMD) Language Translation
To truly provide a worldwide service, MediBit platform features a translation service
for medical data. Medical data is not always written in English. It’s an inconvenience to
visit a doctor with medical history written in English when a patient travels to a foreign
country that does not use English as a primary language. By using AI-powered software,

MediBit will scan the medical data and patients can pick translation language of their
choice. MediBit will feature major languages spoken (such as English, Chinese, and
Spanish) in our early platform stage and will work toward expanding the language
selection.

22 | P a g e

5. User Control
In current healthcare system, patients have their health information spread over
countless hospitals, clinics and networks. The fragmented health data needs a parent
system that keeps track of all the patient’s history to provide better service. MediBit
arranges all the records and categorizes them to make the records more accessible
and understandable for patients and institutions. The MediBit platform will allow
patients, caregivers, and institutions around the world to communicate with each other
and exchange data with easy to use interface. Healthcare service becomes borderless
as MediBit brings the health industry around the globe under one roof. Patients can
carry their entire record on their phone with MediBit app while travelling. By having
complete medical history at their fingertips, patients can avoid the troubles of
transferring their health data from home country to a new provider overseas.

6. Transparency
Verizon reports that 58 percent of the data breach in health data industry comes from
insiders. Currently, the health data industry has no efficient method to keep track of
who accesses the data. By using blockchain technology, MediBit can easily record all
the activities of those requests to write /access/ read health data information and
effectively halve the health data breach problem.

7. Benefits for Users
Health data industry grows every year, and MediBit platform will connect patients and
research institutions directly. Patients can opt in on researches of their own choice and
will be rewarded MediBit Coin . Patients will be given the details of the research and
how their data will be used. Many cases, the data will be anonymized to ensure the
privacy of parties involved.

23 | P a g e

Data leasing agreements
1) One time. Institutions will use APIs provided by MediBit to pull relevant data from
participants from our servers
2) Longitudinal studies. Institutions that need to see data over a period of time will be
ask our users to stream their data
3) Collated data. MediBit would combine normally disparate data sources and provide
easy access to these sources with users’ consent
4) Ongoing anonymized data offerings. Users could opt in to have their data anonymized
and labelled as accessible to research institutions interested in it. Users would be paid
every time their data is accessed

8. Benefits for Healthcare Providers, Researchers, and Insurers
Most importantly, clients of MediBit can greatly benefit from having patient’s complete
medical history in one place. Complete, verifiable, and immutable data greatly
decreases the man-hours needed to check the data for its authenticity. With MediBit ’s
global platform, researchers gain access to global audience. Increase in sample size
results in improved accuracy of the research and not having to contact countless health
providers for data means less labor cost for the researchers.

9. Compatibility
According to CCS Insight, more than 60 million fitness/health trackers were sold in
2016 and will triple in volume over the next 4 years. CCS forecasts that the wearable
tech industry to be worth $34 billion in 2020 and MediBit wants to be at the forefront
of this tremendous growth. Starting with Apple Watch which has sold over 20 million

24 | P a g e

units in 2016, MediBit platform will integrate with many major fitness /health trackers,
and provide one complete health data platform solution.

25 | P a g e

Hyperledger Fabric + Ethereum Blockchain
To meet modern business demands, IBM joined with other companies to collaboratively
develop an open source, production-ready, business blockchain framework, called
Hyperledger Fabric.

Hyperledger Fabric supports distributed ledger solutions on permissioned networks for a wide
range of industries. Its modular architecture meets our need for safer and better medical data
management by maximizing confidentiality, resilience, and flexibility of blockchain solutions.
Over 159 engineers from 27 organizations contributed to Hyperledger Fabric.

Hyperledger Fabric’s key features include consensus and membership services, channels for
sharing confidential information, to be plug-and-play, and CouchDB capable of rich queries.
Hyperledger Fabric leverages container technology to host smart contracts called “chaincode”

26 | P a g e

that comprise the application logic of the system. The framework enables users to create their
private instance of a permissioned blockchain (In this case our own medical data network). In
permissioned networks, validating and non-validating nodes are run by known, whitelisted
organizations and transactors on the network are granted an identity from an issuing authority
service on the network.

Therefore, unlike in the Ethereum and Bitcoin platform, in a private, permissioned blockchain,
not everyone has access to transaction data validation and verification, but only those nodes
that have been granted special rights by an issuing authority. This method greatly increases
the security of the overall our platform against outsider’s malicious attacks. If transactions can
be monitored and recorded, openly shared ledgers risk of exposing confidential medical info
that must be kept private. MediBit Platform will mask identity and transactions from public’s
view and will only be known to the parties involved. Ultimately, Hyperledger Fabric is a better
solution for managing access to health records when compared to traditional blockchain
method, as it accommodates for multiple layers of permission (meaning the owner of a set of
data can control which parts of their data is accessed) while keeping confidentiality.

Currently, miscommunication and mistrust among all parties in medical industry makes it very
difficult to transition to value-based care. A lot of the time, health payers end up paying
claims, and then retrospectively work on identifying inaccurate payments and reconciling overand under-payments. The shared ledger capability of Hyperledger Fabric tech can provide
complete transparency to all parties. This would allow payers and providers to negotiate
complex bundle claims that are tied to value and move away from the fee-for-service model.
Also, the smart contracts would make the claims adjudication process seamless. For example,
when a patient undergoes a medical procedure that is covered by insurance policy, then the
smart contract, having met necessary criteria, will trigger automatically and correct payment

27 | P a g e

from the insurance company to the hospital will be automatically made. And just like that,
MediBit platform reduces inefficiencies and stresses that come with having to complete
insurance claims forms.

There are three different types of accounts that can be created in the MediBit platform:
Patients, Practitioner, and Research Institutions.

Patient

• Read on permissioned EHR
• Grant permission to practitioner/ Institutions to gain
Read/Write access EHR
• Grant/Revoke permission to personal HER
• Grant/Revoke permission to family to kin in case of
emergency situations
• Write data from health tracking devices

Practitioner

• Read/Write on permissioned EHRs
• Read/Write EHRs in case of emergency situations

Research Institutions

• Read EHRs that have granted access

For emergency situations, MediBit will have a backup system that stores health data. MediBit
complies with international standards set forth by HIPPA, etc. in managing all our data
storages.

28 | P a g e

29 | P a g e

Members
Stephen Wasley – Board Member of MediBit
Stephen Wasley is an English lawyer and has been practicing
law since 2001. He handles litigation of cases in the areas of
business law, contract law, criminal law, family law, personal
injury law, wildlife law. Stephen has handled both jury, and
non-jury trials in all of these different areas of law.

Jeffrey Lee, DO - Board Member of MediBit
Jeffrey is the chief pioneer for driving MediBit’s innovative,
long-term project vision and oversees all medical related
functions of the project.

Dr. JAE M. YOO

Dr. SHAWN KIM

Dr. YD KIM

30 | P a g e

Ethan Pan - Board Member of MediBit

Ethan started his career in finance, where he originated
and structured supply chain finance solutions for
multinational corporate clients. Ethan also had experience
in leading strategic and managerial initiatives such as
corporate client banking. He focused on expanding the
Financial Institutions Group’s client coverage and product
offerings.

Tech Team Members
Patrick McSweeny
Patrick specialize in building web applications for
startups using Ruby on Rails. He has experience
working with all levels of the web stack from the
database to the frontend. Patrick can design and
build a new application from scratch or refactor a
large existing codebase.

31 | P a g e

Logan Seo
Logan is a full stack dev with five years of technical
development experience in the industry. He worked
as the CTO of SRCOIN, which is another blockchain
tech

related

to

healthcare

industry.

He

has

experience in the development of Android apps and
large-scale backend integration. For years he led
development teams across the country and built
software for various corporations.

Austin Tindle
Austin is a full stack developer with years of
experience with frontend development, react / Vue /
node / php / go / c , and Bitcoin core codebase. He
has experience working with other blockchainrelated companies in the past as well.

32 | P a g e

Business Development Team
Manning Wu
Head of Business Development

Manning started her career in finance, where she
raised debt financings for emerging markets projects
guaranteed by export credit agencies. Manning
structured asset backed securities across a wide
range of assets, from aircraft leases to student loans.

Yura Jung
Business Development, Asia
Yura is a famous blogger in Korean cryptocurrency
market and influencer. She achieved big success as a
top

marketing

successfully

manager

listed

in

of

SRCOIN.

Coinbene,

a

SRCOIN
Singapore

cryptocurrency exchange.

33 | P a g e

Strategy & Finance
Ran Zhou
Head of Strategy & Finance
Ran started her career in Option & Future brokerage firm as
quant analyst, and now is a senior consultant at global top
consulting firm focusing on strategy and advanced analytics.
She has deep knowledge in quantitative analytics in financial
market across both banking and trading.

Legal Advisor
Chan H. Pyo
Chanhyeok is well-versed with cryptocurrency and securities
regulations around the world, having previously worked as a
legal adviser for SRCoin, the world's first healthcare subscription
revenue based token.
Education:
• University College London (UCL) LL.B. Law School
Work Experience:
• Azmi & Associates Malaysia
• Litigation and Arbitration practice group
• Hwang & Partners, South Korea, Civil law matters
34 | P a g e

MediBit Coin Terms of Token Sale
Your purchase of MediBit Coins (“MC”) during the MC crowdsale period (“Sale Period”) from
the MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) is subject to these Terms of Sale (“Terms”). If you do not
agree to these terms of sale, do not purchase tokens. Each of you and MEDIBIT PTE. LTD.
(201813715H) is a “Party,” and together the “Parties.”
By purchasing MC from MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) during the Sale Period and/or using
MC in connection with the Platform (as defined below), you will be bound by these Terms
and all terms incorporated by reference. If you have any questions regarding these Terms,
please contact MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) at info@MediBit.com.
You and MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) agree as follows:
1. Purpose and Use of MC in Connection with the Platform
MC are intended to be used for access to and secure storage of health data and related
transactions and services (the “Services”), as facilitated through a decentralized platform that
MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) and its affiliates are developing (the “Platform”). Important
additional details regarding the Services and Platform are provided in Exhibit A.
Ownership of MC carries no rights, express or implied, other than the right to use MC as a
means to obtain Services, and to enable usage of and interaction with the Platform, if
successfully completed and deployed. In particular, you understand and accept that MC do
not represent or confer any ownership right, stake, share, security, or equivalent rights, or any
right to receive future revenue shares, intellectual property rights, or any other form of
participation in or relating to the Platform, and/or MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) and its
corporate affiliates, other than rights relating to the receipt of Services and use of the Platform,
subject to limitations and conditions in these Terms and applicable Platform Terms and
Policies (as defined below). MC are not intended to be a digital currency, security, commodity,
or any other kind of financial instrument.
2. Scope of Terms
Unless otherwise stated herein, these Terms govern only your purchase of MC from MEDIBIT
PTE. LTD. (201813715H) during the Sale Period.
The use of MC in connection with the Services or Platform may be governed by other
applicable terms and policies (collectively, the “Platform Terms and Policies”). Any Platform
Terms and Policies MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) promulgate will be available at
35 | P a g e

www.MediBit.com. MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) may add terms or policies to the Platform
Terms and Policies in our sole discretion, and may update each of the Platform Terms and
Policies from time to time according to modification procedures set forth therein. To the
extent of any conflict with these Terms, the Platform Terms and Policies shall control with
respect to any issues relating to the use of MC in connection with the Services or Platform.
3. Cancellation; Refusal of Purchase Requests
Your purchase of MC from MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) during the Sale Period is final,
and there are no refunds or cancellations except (a) if the Activation Threshold is not reached,
pursuant to applicable procedures set forth in Exhibit B, or (b) as may be required by
applicable law or regulation. MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) reserve the right to refuse or
cancel MC purchase requests at any time in our sole discretion.
4. MC Sale Procedures and Specifications
Important information about the procedures and material specifications of our MC sale is
provided in Exhibit B, including, but not limited to, details regarding the timing and pricing
of the MC sale, the amount of MC MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) will sell, and our
anticipated use of the MC sale proceeds. By purchasing MC, you acknowledge that you
understand and have no objection to these procedures and material specifications.
5. Acknowledgment and Assumption of Risks
You acknowledge and agree that there are risks associated with purchasing MC, holding MC,
and using MC in connection with the Services and Platform, as disclosed and explained in
Exhibit C. If you have any questions regarding these risks, please contact MEDIBIT PTE. LTD.
(201813715H) at info@MediBit.com.
By purchasing MC, you expressly acknowledge and assume these risks.

6. Security
You are responsible for implementing reasonable measures for securing the wallet, vault, or
other storage mechanism you use to receive and hold MC you purchase from MEDIBIT PTE.
LTD. (201813715H), including any requisite private key(s) or other credentials necessary to
access such storage mechanism(s). If your private key(s) or other access credentials are lost,

36 | P a g e

you may lose access to your MC. MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) are not responsible for any
such losses.
7. Personal Information
MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) may determine, in our sole discretion, that it is necessary to
obtain certain information about you, including but not limited to instances where MEDIBIT
PTE. LTD. (201813715H) must obtain certain information in order to comply with applicable
law or regulation in connection with selling MC to you. You agree to provide MEDIBIT PTE.
LTD. (201813715H) such information promptly upon request, and you acknowledge that
MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) may refuse to sell MC to you unless or until you provide
such requested information, and MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) have determined that it is
permissible to sell you MC under applicable law or regulation.
8. Taxes
The purchase price that you pay for MC is exclusive of all applicable taxes. You are responsible
for determining what, if any, taxes apply to your purchase of MC, including, for example, sales,
use, value added, and similar taxes. It is also your responsibility to withhold, collect, report,
and remit the correct taxes to the appropriate tax authorities. MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H)
are not responsible for withholding, collecting, reporting, or remitting any sales, use, value
added, or similar tax arising from your purchase of MC.
9. Representations and Warranties
By transferring Ether to the smart contract system (“Smart Contract System,” as explained in
Exhibit B) to purchase MC from MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H), you represent and warrant
that:
(a) You have read and understand these Terms (including all Exhibits);
(b) You have a sufficient understanding of the functionality, usage, storage, transmission
mechanisms, and other material characteristics of cryptographic tokens like Bitcoin and Ether,
token storage mechanisms (such as token wallets), blockchain technology, and blockchainbased software systems to understand these Terms and to appreciate the risks and
implications of purchasing MC;
(c) You have carefully reviewed the code of the Smart Contract System located on the
Ethereum blockchain at the addresses set forth in Exhibit B and fully understand and accept
the functions implemented therein;
37 | P a g e

(d) You have obtained sufficient information about MC to make an informed decision to
purchase MC;
(e) You understand the restrictions and risks associated with the creation of MC by the Smart
Contract System as set forth herein, and acknowledge and assume all such risks;
(f) You understand, acknowledge, and assume the risks associated with the purchase, holding,
and use of MC in connection with the Services and Platform, as explained and disclosed in
Section 5 and Exhibit C;
(g) You understand that MC confer only the right to receive Services and to access the
Platform, and confer no other rights of any form with respect to the Platform or MEDIBIT PTE.
LTD. (201813715H) or its corporate affiliates, including, but not limited to, any voting,
distribution, redemption, liquidation, proprietary (including all forms of intellectual property),
or other financial or legal rights;
(h) You are purchasing MC solely for the purpose of receiving Services, accessing the Platform,
and supporting the development, testing, deployment, and operation of the Platform, being
aware of the commercial risks associated with the MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) and the
Platform. You are not purchasing MC for any other purposes, including, but not limited to,
any investment, speculative, or other financial purposes; (i) Your purchase of MC complies
with applicable law and regulation in your jurisdiction, including, but not limited to,
(i) legal capacity and any other applicable legal requirements in your jurisdiction for purchasing
MC, using MC, and entering into contracts with MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H), (ii) any
foreign exchange or regulatory restrictions applicable to such purchase, and (iii) any
governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained;
(j) You will comply with any applicable tax obligations in your jurisdiction arising from your
purchase of MC;
(k) If you are purchasing MC on behalf of any entity, you are authorized to accept these Terms
on such entity’s behalf, and such entity will be responsible for breach of these Terms by you
or any other employee or agent of such entity (references to “you” in these Terms refer to
you and such entity, jointly). If you are registering to use the Services on behalf of a legal
entity, you further represent and warrant that (i) such legal entity is duly organized and validly
existing under the applicable laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, and (ii) you are duly
authorized by such legal entity to act on its behalf;
(l) You are not resident or domiciled in New York State or purchasing MC from a location
in New York State;

38 | P a g e

(m) You are not (i) a citizen or resident of a geographic area in which access to or use of
the Services is prohibited by applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, or administrative
act, (ii) a citizen or resident of, or located in, a geographic area that is subject to U.S. or
other sovereign country sanctions or embargoes, or (iii) an individual, or an individual
employed by or associated with an entity, identified on the U.S. Department of
Commerce’s Denied Persons or Entity List, the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Specially
Designated Nationals or Blocked Persons Lists, or the U.S. Department of State’s Debarred
Parties List. You agree that if your country of residence or other circumstances change
such that the above representations are no longer accurate, that you will immediately
cease using the Services; and
(n) You understand and acknowledge that title to, and risk of loss of, MC you purchase
from MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) and receive from the Smart Contract System
passes from MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) to you in Singapore.
10. Indemnification
(a) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you will indemnify, defend, and hold
harmless MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) and our respective past, present, and future
employees, officers, directors, contractors, consultants, equity holders, suppliers, vendors,
service

providers,

parent

companies,

subsidiaries,

affiliates,

agents,

representatives,

predecessors, successors, and assigns (the “MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) Parties”) from
and against all claims, demands, actions, damages, losses, costs, and expenses (including
attorneys’ fees) that arise from or relate to: (i) your purchase or use of MC, (ii) your
responsibilities or obligations under these Terms, (iii) your violation of these Terms, or (iv)
your violation of any rights of any other person or entity.
(b) MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) reserves the right to exercise sole control over the
defense, at your expense, of any claim subject to indemnification under Section 10(a). This
indemnity is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other indemnities set forth in a written
agreement between you and MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H).
11. Disclaimers
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and except as otherwise specified in a writing
by MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H), (a) MC are sold on an “as is” and “as available” basis
without warranties of any kind, and MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) expressly disclaim all
implied warranties as to MC, including, without limitation, implied warranties of
39 | P a g e

merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement; (b) MEDIBIT PTE.
LTD. (201813715H) do not represent or warrant that MC are reliable, current, or error-free,
meet your requirements, or that defects in MC will be corrected; and (c) MEDIBIT PTE. LTD.
(201813715H) cannot and do not represent or warrant that MC or the delivery mechanism for
MC are free of viruses or other harmful components.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or disclaimer of implied
terms in contracts with consumers, so some or all of the exclusions of warranties and
disclaimers in this section may not apply to you.
12. Limitation of Liability
(A) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) in no event will MEDIBIT PTE. LTD.
(201813715H) or any of the MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) parties be liable for any indirect,
special, incidental, consequential, or exemplary damages of any kind (including, but not limited
to, where related to loss of revenue, income, or profits, loss of use or data, or damages for
business interruption) arising out of or in any way related to the sale or use of MC or otherwise
related to these terms, regardless of the form of action, whether based in contract, tort
(including, but not limited to, simple negligence, whether active, passive, or imputed), or any
other legal or equitable theory (even if the party has been advised of the possibility of such
damages and regardless of whether such damages were foreseeable); and (ii) in no event will
the aggregate liability of MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) and the MEDIBIT PTE. LTD.
(201813715H) parties (jointly), whether in contract, warranty, tort (including negligence,
whether active, passive, or imputed), or other theory, arising out of or relating to these terms
or the use of or inability to use MC, exceed the amount you pay to MEDIBIT PTE. LTD.
(201813715H) for MC.
(B) the limitations set forth in Section 12(A) will not limit or exclude liability for the gross
negligence, fraud, or intentional, willful, or reckless misconduct of MEDIBIT PTE. LTD.
(201813715H).
(C) Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or
consequential damages. Accordingly, some of the limitations of this section may not apply to
you.
13. Release
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you release MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H)
and the other MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) Parties from responsibility, liability, claims,
40 | P a g e

demands, and/or damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and
unknown (including, but not limited to, claims of negligence), arising out of or related to
disputes between users and the acts or omissions of third parties. You expressly waive any
rights you may have under any statute or common law principles that would otherwise limit
the coverage of this release to include only those claims which you may know or suspect to
exist in your favor at the time of agreeing to this release.

14. Dispute Resolution
The parties hereto will use their reasonable best efforts to resolve any dispute hereunder
through good faith negotiations. A party hereto must submit a written notice to any other
party to whom such dispute pertains, and any such dispute that cannot be resolved within
thirty (30) calendar days of receipt of such notice (or such other period to which the parties
may agree) will be submitted to an arbitrator selected by mutual agreement of the parties. In
the event that, within fifty (50) days of the written notice referred to in the preceding sentence,
a single arbitrator has not been selected by mutual agreement of the parties, a panel of
arbitrators (with each party to the dispute being entitled to select one arbitrator and, if
necessary to prevent the possibility of deadlock, one additional arbitrator being selected by
such arbitrators selected by the parties to the dispute) shall be selected by the parties. The
decision of the arbitrator or arbitrators, or of a majority thereof, as the case may be, made in
writing will be final and binding upon the parties hereto as to the questions submitted, and
the parties will abide by and comply with such decision; provided, however, the arbitrator or
arbitrators, as the case may be, shall not be empowered to award punitive damages. Unless
the decision of the arbitrator or arbitrators, as the case may be, provides for a different
allocation of costs and expenses determined by the arbitrators to be equitable under the
circumstances, the prevailing party or parties in any arbitration will be entitled to recover all
reasonable fees (including but not limited to attorneys' fees) and expenses incurred by it or
them in connection with such arbitration from the non-prevailing party or parties.
15. Governing Law and Venue
These Terms will be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the law of
England and Wales, without regard to conflict of law rules that would cause the application
of the laws of any other jurisdiction. Any dispute between the Parties arising out or relating
to these Terms or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or
41 | P a g e

claims) that is not subject to arbitration will be resolved exclusively by the English Courts. By
purchasing MC, you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts, and waive any
right to challenge jurisdiction or venue in such courts with regard to any suit, action, or
proceeding under or in connection with the Agreement.
16. Rights of third parties
For the purposes of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 (England and Wales and
Northern Ireland), nothing herein expressed is intended to or shall be construed to confer
upon or give to any person, firm or other entity, other than the Parties hereto and their
permitted assigns, any rights or remedies under or by reason of this agreement.
17. Force majeure
The Parties shall not be liable for any failure of or delay in the performance of this agreement
for the period that such failure or delay: i) is beyond the reasonable control of the party;
ii) materially affects the performance of any of the party's obligations under this agreement;
and
iii) could not reasonably have been foreseen or provided against.
18. Severability
If any term, clause, or provision of these Terms is held unlawful, void, or unenforceable, then
that term, clause, or provision will be severable from these Terms and will not affect the
validity or enforceability of any remaining part of that term, clause, or provision, or any other
term, clause, or provision of these Terms.
19. Confidentiality
Neither party may without the prior written consent of the other, such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld, assign or in any way dispose of its rights under this agreement to any
third party.
'Confidential Information' includes all written, pictorial, machine readable or oral information
which relates to trade secrets, customers, suppliers, or business associations or information
that is financial, technical or commercial in nature.

42 | P a g e

20. Miscellaneous
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and MEDIBIT PTE. LTD.
(201813715H) relating to your purchase of MC from MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H). MEDIBIT
PTE. LTD. (201813715H) may make changes to these Terms from time to time as reasonably
required to comply with applicable law or regulation. If MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) make
changes, MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) will post the amended Terms at www.MediBit.com
and update the “Last Updated” date above. MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) may also attempt
to notify you through the MC website at www.MediBit.com. The amended Terms will be
effective immediately upon posting. MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) may assign our rights
and obligations under these Terms. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision
of these Terms will not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. MEDIBIT PTE. LTD.
(201813715H) will not be liable for any delay or failure to perform any obligation under these
Terms where the delay or failure results from any cause beyond our reasonable control.
Purchasing MC from MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) does not create any form of partnership,
joint venture, or any other similar relationship between you and MEDIBIT PTE. LTD.
(201813715H). Except as otherwise provided in herein, these Terms are intended solely for the
benefit of you and MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) and are not intended to confer thirdparty beneficiary rights upon any other person or entity. You agree and acknowledge that all
agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that MEDIBIT PTE. LTD.
(201813715H) provide to you, including these Terms, will be provided in electronic form.
*****

43 | P a g e

EXHIBIT A
Description of MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H), Platform, and MediBit Coin
1. Overview of MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H)
MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) is an entity registered in the Singapore. MEDIBIT PTE. LTD.
(201813715H) will have primary responsibility for the provision of Services and for
administering the development of certain aspects of the Platform. The Platform, including the
MediBit network and settlement system described below, was developed and is operated
entirely by the MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H). It is anticipated that in the future, MEDIBIT
PTE. LTD. (201813715H) may form other corporate affiliates to which MEDIBIT PTE. LTD.
(201813715H) may provide, or from which MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) may receive,
certain administrative, technical, and development services in connection with the Services
and Platform.
2. Overview of Current Platform
The Platform will consist of a network where participants in the network, such as individuals
and health care providers, may securely store, access, and share electronic private health
information (“ePHI”), and where individuals, health care providers, and insurers may settle
transactions among each other.
3. Development of Platform with MC Functionality and Services
MC is based on the Ethereum protocol and conforms to the ERC20 standard. As a result of
directly integrating MC and its functionality into the Platform, the Platform will consist of (i)
the MediBit network, which provides for secure storage, access, and use of ePHI by network
participants, and (ii) settlement of transactions among participants in the MediBit network,
each as facilitated by MC.
Further details regarding the Platform are described in “MediBit: A Healthcare Peerto-Peer
EMR Storage Network,” also known as the MediBit Whitepaper (“Whitepaper”), available at:
https://MediBit.com/MediBitMEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H)whitepaper.pdf. The information
contained in the Whitepaper and MediBit’s website are of descriptive nature only, and do not,
unless explicitly incorporated, form part of these Terms.
Although MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) intends to develop the Platform in the manner
generally described above, it reserves the right to modify features, functionalities, or
development plans in its sole and absolute discretion.
44 | P a g e

EXHIBIT B
Token Sale Procedures and Specifications
1. Total Number of MediBit Coin to be Created and Sold
MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) will create up to 100 million MC through the Smart Contract
System. Before the Sale Period Begins, the Smart Contract System will create a pool of 30
million pre-allocated MC to the MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) (“MEDIBIT PTE. LTD.
(201813715H) MC”) for certain uses as described in Section 5 below. A separate pool of up
to 70 million MC will be created by the Smart Contract System for sale by the MEDIBIT PTE.
LTD. (201813715H) to purchasers during the Sale Period. All MC will be of equal value and
functionality.
2. Token Pre-Sale, Commencement, and Duration of Token Sale
The MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) will complete a MC pre-sale, and will commence a public
sale of MC during a sale period (“Sale Period”). The public sale of MC will begin at
approximately 9:00 am PST on May 31, 2017 (“Launch Date”) and continue until either (a)
46,666.6667 ETH has been received by MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) or (b) 11:59 pm, PST
on June 28, 2017, whichever is earlier.
If less than 1,530 ETH has been received by MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) during the Sale
Period (the “Activation Threshold”), each purchaser will have the possibility to initiate the
transfer of the respective amount of Ether submitted to the Smart Contract System from the
Smart Contract System’s address back to the address used by that purchaser to transfer Ether
to the Smart Contract System. If, during the Sale Period, the Activation Threshold is reached,
but less than 46,666.6667 ETH has been received by MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H), no
additional MC will be sold.
3. MediBit Coin Price
For the first ten days following the Launch Date, 1 ETH will purchase 1,800 MC, making the
sale price of MC approximately 0.000555 ETH/MC during this time period; for the next ten
days following the Launch Date, 1 ETH will purchase 1,650 MC, making the sale price of MC
approximately 0.000606 ETH/MC during this time period; thereafter, 1 ETH will purchase 1,500
MC, making the sale price of MC approximately 0.000667 ETH/MC for the remainder of the
Token sale. There is no sale price for MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) MC, which is created

45 | P a g e

by the Smart Contract System and pre-allocated to the MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H)
before the Sale Period.
4. Procedures for Buying and Receiving MediBit Coin
In order to purchase MC during the Sale Period, and to receive the MC you purchase, you
must have an Ethereum wallet that supports the ERC20 token standard. MEDIBIT PTE. LTD.
(201813715H) reserves the right to prescribe additional wallet requirements.
Prior to the Launch Date, MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) will publish an address for the MC
sale via www.MediBit.com. To initiate a purchase of MC, you must send an amount of Ether
to the Smart Contract System located on the Ethereum blockchain pursuant to the instructions
at www.MediBit.com. This action triggers a smart contract operation, pursuant to which the
Smart Contract System will automatically create and promptly deliver the corresponding MC
to the ERC20 wallet address from which the Ether were sent.
The Smart Contract System is deployed by MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) from Delaware,
and is programmed so that all transactions it executes will be executed in Delaware. As such,
title to, and risk of loss of, MC created and delivered by the Smart Contract System passes
from MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) to purchasers in Delaware.
5. MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) MediBit Coin
Of the MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) MC, 20 million MC will be used for compensating
employees and contractors, and for other internal purposes in connection with the deployment
and the development of the Platform.
The remaining 10 million MC of the MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) MC will be allocated to
the MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H)’s founding team, subject to a twelve-month holding
period, for the purpose of incentivizing the founding team to continue to develop the
Platform.
6. Use of Proceeds from MediBit Coin Token Sale
The Ether that MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) receives for MC sold to purchasers during the
Sale Period, up to 46,666.6667 ETH, will be used to compensate engineers, staff, and
contractors, cover operating costs and marketing expenses, and to address other
administrative and unforeseen costs.

46 | P a g e

EXHIBIT C
Certain Risks Relating to Purchase, Sale, and Use of MediBit Cpin
Important Note: As noted elsewhere in these Terms, the MC are not being structured or sold
as securities or any other form of investment product. Accordingly, none of the information
presented in this Exhibit C is intended to form the basis for any investment decision, and no
specific recommendations are intended. MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) expressly disclaims
any and all responsibility for any direct or consequential loss or damage of any kind
whatsoever arising directly or indirectly from: (i) reliance on any information contained in this
Exhibit C, (ii) any error, omission, or inaccuracy in any such information, or (iii) any action
resulting from such information.
By purchasing, holding, and using MC, you expressly acknowledge and assume the following
risks:
1. Risk of Losing Access to MediBit Coin Due to Loss of Private Key(s), Custodial Error, or
Purchaser Error
A private key, or a combination of private keys, is necessary to control and dispose of MC
stored in your digital wallet or vault. Accordingly, loss of requisite private key(s) associated
with your digital wallet or vault storing MC will result in loss of such MC. Moreover, any third
party that gains access to such private key(s), including by gaining access to login credentials
of a digital wallet or vault service you use, may be able to misappropriate your MC. Any errors
or malfunctions caused by or otherwise related to the digital wallet or vault you choose to
receive and store MC, including your own failure to properly maintain or use such digital
wallet or vault, may also result in the loss of your MC. Additionally, your failure to follow
precisely the procedures set forth in Section 4 of Exhibit B for buying and receiving MC,
including, for instance, if you provide the wrong address for receiving MC, may result in the
loss of your MC.
2. Risks Associated with the Ethereum Protocol
Because MC and the Platform are based on the Ethereum protocol, any malfunction,
breakdown or abandonment of the Ethereum protocol may have a material adverse effect on
the Platform or MC. Moreover, advances in cryptography, or technical advances such as the
development of quantum computing, could present risks to MC and the Platform, including
47 | P a g e

the utility of MC for obtaining Services, by rendering ineffective the cryptographic consensus
mechanism that underpins the Ethereum protocol.
3. Risk of Mining Attacks
As with other decentralized cryptographic tokens based on the Ethereum protocol, MC are
susceptible to attacks by miners in the course of validating MC transactions on the Ethereum
blockchain, including, but not limited, to double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks,
and selfish-mining attacks. Any successful attacks present a risk to the Platform and MC,
including, but not limited to, accurate execution and recording of transactions involving MC.
4. Risk of Hacking and Security Weaknesses
Hackers or other malicious groups or organizations may attempt to interfere with the Platform
or MC in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial of service
attacks, consensus-based attacks, Sybil attacks, smurfing, and spoofing. Furthermore, because
the Platform is based on open-source software, there is a risk that a third party or a member
of the MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) team may intentionally or unintentionally introduce
weaknesses into the core infrastructure of the Platform, which could negatively affect the
Platform and MC, including MC’s utility for obtaining Services.
5. Risks Associated with Markets for MediBit Coin
MC are intended to be used solely on the Platform, and MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) will
not support or otherwise facilitate any secondary trading or external valuation of MC. This
restricts the contemplated avenues for using MC to obtain Services or access the Platform,
and could therefore create illiquidity risk with respect to MC you hold. Even if secondary
trading of MC is facilitated by third party exchanges, such exchanges may be relatively new
and subject to little or no regulatory oversight, making them more susceptible to marketrelated risks. Furthermore, to the extent that third-parties do ascribe an external exchange
value to MC (e.g., as denominated in a digital or fiat currency), such value may be extremely
volatile and diminish to zero.
6. Risk of Uninsured Losses
Unlike bank accounts or accounts at some other financial institutions, MC are uninsured unless
you specifically obtain private insurance to insure them. Thus, in the event of loss or loss of
utility value, there is no public insurer, such as the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or
private insurance arranged by MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H), to offer recourse to you.
48 | P a g e

7. Risks Associated with Uncertain Regulations and Enforcement Actions
The regulatory status of MC and distributed ledger technology is unclear or unsettled in many
jurisdictions. It is difficult to predict how or whether regulatory agencies may apply existing
regulation with respect to such technology and its applications. It is likewise difficult to predict
how or whether legislatures or regulatory agencies may implement changes to law and
regulation affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications, including the Platform
and MC. Regulatory actions could negatively impact the Platform and MC in various ways,
including, for purposes of illustration only, through a determination that MC are a regulated
financial instrument that require registration or licensing. MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H)
may cease operations in a jurisdiction in the event that regulatory actions, or changes to law
or regulation, make it illegal to operate in such jurisdiction, or commercially undesirable to
obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) to operate in such jurisdiction.
8. Risks Arising from Taxation
The tax characterization of MC is uncertain. You must seek your own tax advice in connection
with purchasing MC, which may result in adverse tax consequences to you, including
withholding taxes, income taxes, and tax reporting requirements.
9. Risk of Alternative Platforms
It is possible that alternative platforms could be established that utilize the same open source
code and protocol underlying the Platform and attempt to facilitate services that are materially
similar to the Services. The Platform may compete with these alternative platforms, which
could negatively impact the Platform and MC, including MC’s utility for obtaining Services.
10. Risk of Insufficient Interest in the Platform or Distributed Applications
It is possible that the Platform will not be used by a large number of individuals, companies,
and other entities or that there will be limited public interest in the creation and development
of distributed platforms (such as the Platform) more generally. Such a lack of use or interest
could negatively impact the development of the Platform and the potential utility of MC,
including its utility for obtaining Services.

49 | P a g e

11. Risks Associated with the Development and Maintenance of the Platform
The Platform is still under development and may undergo significant changes over time.
Although MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) intend for MC and the Platform to follow the
specifications set forth in Exhibit A, and will take commercially reasonable steps toward those
ends, MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) may have to make changes to the specifications of MC
or the Platform for any number of legitimate reasons. This could create the risk that MC or
the Platform, as further developed and maintained, may not meet your expectations at the
time of purchasing MC. Furthermore, despite our good faith efforts to develop and maintain
the Platform, it is still possible that the Platform will experience malfunctions or otherwise fail
to be adequately developed or maintained, which may negatively impact the Platform and
the potential utility of MC, including its utility for obtaining Services.
12. Risk of an Unfavorable Fluctuation of Ether and Other Currency Value
The MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) team intends to use the proceeds from selling MC to
fund the maintenance and development of the Platform, as described further in Exhibit B. The
proceeds of the sale of MC will be denominated in Ether, and may, at our discretion, be
converted into other cryptographic and fiat currencies. If the value of Ether or other currencies
fluctuates unfavorably during or after the Sale Period, the MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H)
team may not be able to fund development, or may not be able to develop or maintain the
Platform in the manner that it intended.
13. Risk of Dissolution of the MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H)
It is possible that, due to any number of reasons, including, but not limited to, an unfavorable
fluctuation in the value of Ether (or other cryptographic and fiat currencies), decrease in MC’s
utility (including its utility for obtaining Services), the failure of commercial relationships, or
intellectual property ownership challenges, the Platform may no longer be viable to operate
and the MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) may dissolve.
14. Risks Arising from Lack of Governance Rights
Because MC confer no governance rights of any kind with respect to the Platform or MEDIBIT
PTE. LTD. (201813715H), all decisions involving the Platform or MEDIBIT PTE. LTD.
(201813715H) will be made by MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) at its sole discretion,
50 | P a g e

including, but not limited to, decisions to discontinue the Platform, to sell more MC for use
in the Platform, or to sell or liquidate the MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H). These decisions
could adversely affect the Platform and the utility of MC that you hold, including MC’s utility
for obtaining Services.
15. Risks Associated with HIPAA Regulation
The MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H)’s growth and adoption of the Platform may depend on
our ability, and/or the ability of our network participants, to maintain and implement HIPPAcompliant practices, procedures, and other infrastructure. Moreover, the regulatory framework
surrounding personal health information may change over time, and continuing to develop
and improve the Platform to keep up with these changes may require significant time and
additional investment. If MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) cannot continue to develop and
improve the Platform to maintain compliance and/or competitiveness in light of such changes,
the Platform may not remain viable, which could negatively impact the utility of MC, including
MC’s utility for obtaining Services.
16. Unanticipated Risks
Cryptographic tokens such as MC are a new and untested technology. In addition to the risks
included in this Exhibit C, there are other risks associated with your purchase, holding, and
use of MC, including those that the MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) cannot anticipate. Such
risks may further materialize as unanticipated variations or combinations of the risks discussed
in this Exhibit C.

51 | P a g e

Legal Disclaimer

1) It is the responsibility of any persons wishing to acquire MediBit Coin to inform themselves
of and to observe all applicable laws and regulations of relevant jurisdictions. Prospective
crowdsale participants should inform themselves as to the legal requirements and tax
consequences within the countries of their citizenship, residence, domicile and place of
business with respect to the acquisition, holding or disposal of MediBit Coin, and any
restrictions that may be relevant thereto. The distribution of this White Paper and the offer
and sale of MediBit Coin in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.
2) MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) is not providing you legal, business, financial, or tax advice
about any matter. You may not legally be able to participate in this private, unregistered
offering. You should consult with your own attorney, accountant and other advisors about
these matters (including determining whether you may legally participate in this crowdsale).
You can contact MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) with any questions about this crowdsale or
about MediBit Coin.
3) This White Paper constitutes an offer of MediBit Coin only in those jurisdictions and to
those persons where and to whom they lawfully may be offered for sale. This White Paper
does not constitute an offer to subscribe for securities except to the extent permitted by the
laws of each applicable jurisdiction.
4) Nothing in this White Paper is intended to create a contract for investment on MediBit
Coin and each potential crowdsale participant acknowledges that MediBit Coin will rely on
this asserted statement of yours with respect to compliance with the laws of the jurisdiction
in which the crowdsale you are legally domiciled.
AN IMPORTANT NOTE FROM OUR LAWYERS:
This document should not be construed as an offer or solicitation of an offer for the sale of
MediBit Coin.
The individuals listed in this document are not and will not be selling MediBit Coin and have
drafted this document on behalf of MEDIBIT PTE. LTD. (201813715H) which will be conducting
the sale of MediBit Coin.
52 | P a g e

Consider the English language version of all MediBit Coin communications, media and
documentation to be the only official version.

53 | P a g e

