The Portal to EOS

WhitePaper
beta 0.99

1

ABSTRACT
With the advent of block-chain 3.0, the underlying consensus of cryptocurrency
has been switched from PoW (Proof of Work) to DPoS (Delegated Proof of Stake)
for boosting performance and scalability purposes. As the representative of the
DPoS cryptocurrency era, EOS will be able to develop numerous million user
Dapps and public block-chains with its high-performance Transactions Per
Second and a more scalable contract.
The more valuable Dapps are on EOS, the more users will use the public chain,
and it will grow faster, which is a healthy cycle of an ecosystem. Therefore, the
ecosystem is a collection of applications. Compared to EOS, iOS concentrates
and reflects the variety of app products. However, as a decentralized block-chain
development platform, the cost of resource utilization will increase under a free
market regulation. In the meanwhile, a lack of effective auditing mechanisms for
Dapps, may lead to too many low value apps on the market, which will affect the
user’s experience and consequently influence the future development of the
EOS ecosystem.
MEET.ONE will launch a side chain which provides a cost-effective developing
platform for the developer to make a test and beta version of their Dapps, at the
same time, filter and incubate high-quality projects into the parent block-chain,
guiding the EOS app ecosystem, while developing it in a healthy way.
With the popularization of block-chain technology, besides the technical
problems, simplification of the platform to normal users is also a matter that
needs to be dealt with. Currently, most of the block-chain apps are technicaloriented products, while there is a lack of consideration for the user’s thinking
which results in a relatively high user threshold. For normal users, they perceive
the top-layer product experience instead of the underlying technology.
MEET.ONE aims to meet user’s demands for decentralized application based
on EOS.IO. With applications on users’ end, we integrate the functions of asset
management, on-chain resource exchange, projects incubation, apps distribution,
2

information platform and etc. This enable users to gain the most elegant
experience in the block-chain world based on EOS.IO, which maximizes and
enlarges the value of block-chain technology.
The MEET.ONE team possesses abundant experience in product design and
operation with an over 100-million user community. The team has advanced
experience of domestic Internet in product experience, business logic, traffic
operation and technical development. With an involved EOS community, we will
build a healthy and friendly closed loop for EOS ecosystem.

3

1. PROJECT BACKGROUND
As the representative of the DPoS cryptocurrency era, EOS will be able to
develop numerous million-user Dapps and public block-chains with its highperformance TPS and scalable smart contracts. POS is different from POW; the
user’s cryptocurrency not only represents digital assets, but also indicates the
rights to participate on-chain governance and allows participants to be engaged
in the entire community governance.
EOS re-defines the industry standard of block-chain, which leads to a lot of
applications based on different industries becoming standardized. In fact, it is not
necessary to have numerous independent public chains in the real world, an
easy-to-use and reliable block-chain standard is enough.
MEET.ONE shares Daniel Larimier’s values about EOS technical expectations,
that block-chain will revolutionize the real world, and we will fully dedicate
ourselves to participate in the EOS ecosystem build-up.

eosio

4

2. PROJECT OVERVIEW
2.1. MEET.ONE VISION
MEET.ONE is a BP (Block Producer) candidate for EOS.IO, and elected as Genesis
Block Producer on June 15, 2018. MEET.ONE is dedicating to the establishment
of EOS ecosystem, and will launch a side-chain based on EOS native blockchain,
in order to providing safe, steady and cost-effective development environment
for EOS developers. MEET.ONE is also an incubator that help outstanding EOS
Dapps in terms of its promotion, community outreach, product development and
funding. MEET.ONE will become a flow portal to EOS, and offer various functions
for the EOS ecosystem.
With abundant experience in product design and operation of a community with
over one million users, MEET.ONE developer team has launched several
applications of EOS ecosystem, including:
MEET.ONE

EOS Wallet ,the portal to EOS ecology

MORE.ONE

Bounty distribution application for tokens on EOS.IO

EOS Tool

Toolbox for EOS.IO

EOS Kit

EOS news and information sharing platform
EOS Dapps distribution platform

POMELO

an open source cryptocurrency wallet for tokens on EOS.IO

MEET.ONE is able to provide elegant user experience for participants of the EOS
ecosystem. There are more than 150,000 members in the MEET.ONE community.
It also has significant influence in the global mandarin speaking community.
We are participants in voting to be a block producer. We have a clear plan that
all rewards from the block producer will be spent on EOS ecosystem construction.
Our vision is to become the creator and the witness of technological history.
5

2.2. MEET.ONE ADVANTAGES
2.2.1 TECHNOLOGY
MEET.ONE is an early participant of building the EOS ecosystem. We focus on
developing related products of the EOS ecosystem portal after October 2017.
Since its foundation in October 2017 until now, MEET.ONE has launched a variety
of software products.
DATE

RATE OF PROGRESS
MEET.ONE finished developing China’s first WeChat mini application
named “EOS tools” to help users to learn EOS wallet mapping and

2018/02

check the status of their wallet, to secure the users’ assets. Several
new features have been launched since this iteration, including global
BP introduction, rules of candy airdrops for the EOS ecological project,
etc., which covers hundreds of thousands of users.

2018/03

MEET.ONE was announced as an EOS Block Producer candidate.
MEET.ONE united with EOS Cannon, EOS Nation and EOSoCal to

2018/03

organize Scholar Testnet. There were 19 BP candidates who joined the
Testnet in March.

2018/04

A team of developers initiated the earliest and the largest BIOS BOOT
test towards the EOS developer community.`
MEET.ONE launched the first extension based on Google Chrome

2018/04

browser named “EOS KIT", which integrated the EOS global news,
Twitter, price ticker, Dapp list, BPC list and other features, it is the flow
portal to EOS.
MEET.ONE together with Eosio.sg launched the feature of BP voting,

2018/05

this is the first known Dawn4.0-based testing network that determines
Block Producers by voting.
MEET.ONE released the world’s first EOS ecosystem application, it

2018/05

includes the functions of EOS asset management, BP voting, etc. In
addition, as the information integration platform, the app will provide
the most comprehensive EOS ecological services to users.
6

2018/05
2018/06
2018/07
2018/10

Complete preliminary development on EOS ecosystem portal
products and side chain launch plan startup.
MEET.ONE is elected as Genesis Block Producer of EOS.
MEET.ONE joined the Kylin testing network group and led the
research of EOS side chain development project.

Launch the EOS side-chain.

2.2.2 COMMUNITY
Special working approaches, attracts numerous supporters with its unique
community mechanism, which brings MEET.ONE to the first high quality user
group.
MEET.ONE develops products for global mobile Internet users, which attracts
more than 100,000 users to experience it. We are expanding the community of
EOS value identity and attracting massive users by ecosystem portal products.
2.2.3 NEWS MEDIA
As

one

of

the

biggest

EOS

news

media

in

Maindrain

region

(Chinese) ,MEET.ONE team has been tracking and reporting on EOS related news
before the main network starts, timely interpretation of EOS related technical
articles，and we are also the first team to translate EOS 2.0 white paper into
Chinese ，Our colleagues also held many large-scale EOS offline meetings,
including EOS family day, which gathered over 60 global nodes to participate.
And the EOS global 24-hour webcast conference ( EOS Ignite ),etc..
2.2.4 TEAM
The MEET.ONE Team is highly experienced in developing and operating
community products with millions of users. We have abundant experience in
technology product development, business logic design, traffic operation and
interactive experience improvement, etc. The MEET.ONE team has committed to
developing valuable EOS ecosystem products since the beginning of its
foundation. We pursue user experience with an ongoing working passion. The
MEET.ONE team puts the priorities of day by day work ahead of others and
believes in the project’s success.
7

3. BUSINESS MODEL
MEET.ONE will open an experimental field for EOS, and set up the portal to the
EOS ecosystem, make it easy for users to use new technology and will bring new
hands into it. Our fundamental goal is to make the EOS ecosystem serve and
improve the world industries.

MEET.ONE Business philosophy

8

3.1 MEET.ONE INCUBATOR
The DPoS consensus mechanism decides that all developers must hold EOS
tokens to use the bandwidth of the EOS native blockchain, storage and other
resources. However, the cost of EOS use will inevitably increase, due to the
decentralized free market, which is not easy to get for young developers and
students.
Furthermore, the EOS parent chain is an open environment, while the lack of an
authority organization to filter malicious or low performance applications which
lead to low value applications on the parent chain. Normal users have limited
abilities to identify the value of applications, which may cause ecosystem user
losses.
In order to solve these problems, MEET.ONE provides a stable and cost-effective
side-chain network and rich SDK resources for Dapp developers through the
construction of the side chain. As an incubator platform, MEET.ONE aims to
encourage developers to verify their ideas, consequently improving the
application experience in the ecosystem.
Developers need to continually develop more and better Dapps, keeping it
innovative to attract traffic and revitalize the token circulation in the ecosystem,
thereby developing the entire block-chain ecosystem in a healthy way.
u MEET.ONE Side-Chain
To achieve a commercial level of application performance, it is necessary to
reach the high level of throughput capability. From the point of design index,
EOS may ultimately scale to millions of TPS through a parallel block-chain,
resulting in confirmation speed of milliseconds. EOS demonstrates its
unparalleled throughput capability.
The MEET.ONE Side chain has the same excellent performance, and will provide
a safe, stable, high-speed and low-cost environment to developers.
u MEET.ONE SDK
MEET.ONE will provide bilingual development documentations, development
tools, JavaScript SDK, sample code for the Dapp developers on the side chain.
Developers can concentrate on functional creation and efficiently complete the
application deployment on the MEET.ONE side chain.
9

3.2 PORTAL TO EOS ECOSYSTEM
The products that MEET.ONE developed for the EOS ecosystem portal, will build
a traffic portal for hundreds of millions of users to access the EOS ecosystem.
MEET.ONE will integrate the functions of asset management, financial tools, onchain resource exchange, project incubator, Dapps distribution and information
platform, etc. In addition, different scenarios can be consolidated and switched in
a more natural way by optimizing the architecture of mature products. Our focus
is to let users have the most elegant block-chain experience in the EOS world,
maximize and realize the value of block-chain technology.
The MEET.ONE team commits to bring the best block-chain technology to users,
implement various scenarios that are based on the different attributes of EOS,
bring the best product experience to users. We address the lack of experience
and practical problems of current block-chain technology.
u ASSET MANAGEMENT
MEET.ONE application is also a digital wallet for users.
In EOS ecosystem, almost all Dapps will issue their own tokens, and every
individual user may have dozens, even hundreds of cryptocurrencies. In the
aspect of digital asset management, MEET.ONE can help users to manage their
digital assets in the Dapp, furthermore, using the tool to invest in EOS ecosystem
projects and token circulation. The MEET.ONE wallet has many convenient
management functions. It is capable of providing built-in wallet support for
start-up projects, which allows the project team to concentrate on their key
function development.
The users have full control of their wallet’s private keys, MEET.ONE also
developed the function of multi-signature guarantees and 2 step authorization
verification towards different scales of digital assets. Various verification options
are available for users to choose from during transfers and transactions, such as
sending a verification code to user’s mobile phone, fingerprint or live
identification, ensuring the safety of cryptocurrency assets.
u FINANCIAL TOOLS
EOS applications will consider EOS tokens as a credential to allocate on-chain
resources like bandwidth usage. Those users who are holding large sums of EOS
10

tokens, but don’t use their entitled respective on-chain resource can make
profits by delegating user rights. Developers will need on-chain resource for the
scaling of their applications. The financial architecture that BM has implemented
on BTS will certainly lead to diversified financial means and prosperous financial
markets; same situation shall be generated in the EOS ecosystem.
In the MEET.ONE app, users may select rebate programs provided by
independent developers, and automatically execute the decentralized solution
through smart contracts on the chain. MEET.ONE creates a transparent window
by providing digital asset management channels and platforms.
u ON-CHAIN RESOURCE EXCHANGE
EOS holders may not need to utilize all of their entitled bandwidth all the time.
The unconsumed bandwidth can be delegated or leased to others. Block
producers who run EOS.IO will recognize the capacity license and assign the
bandwidth. One of the major advantages of EOS.IO is that the bandwidth
available for Dapps is completely independent from token prices. Therefore, onchain resource leasing is a particular scenario for DPoS, which is similar to the
traditional bandwidth leasing market. MEET.ONE will create a user-friendly
platform for such on-chain resource exchange.
If Dapps are temporarily occupying the bandwidth and other resources on
EOS.IO, developers may seek EOS holders who have vacant resource and willing
to lease out for cheaper rate (may by only 1/10 cost of EOS token). The
bandwidth and other resources will be automatically returned to the user after
peak access. The developer obtains the bandwidth using rights at a lower cost
and avoiding EOS price fluctuation, while EOS holders who lease out the right
are also rewarded.
u DAPP INCUBATION PLATFORM
The Dapp incubation platform provides support particularly in promotion and
advertising, to qualified application projects filtered by the MEET.ONE side chain.
Investors can obtain comprehensive information of the projects, including project
funding progress, related token data, project introduction, etc. This helps blockchain investors to find the best investment opportunities and trace project
progress, which reduces the communication costs between investors and
developers, and effectively facilitate project co-operations.
11

The MEET.ONE asset management tool makes project investment more
accessible and reduces trust costs for both investors and developers through the
creation of smart contracts.
u DAPP DISTRIBUTION PLATFORM
After the launch of the EOS native blockchain, dozens of projects including Wiki,
announced they will use EOS, due to its underlying power, high performance and
scalability.
In such an enormous application ecosystem, each application serves different
users and usage scenarios, however, the user cannot pay much attention to each
application. What they need most is knowledge on how to obtain the service info
of the entire ecosystem, through the portal.
The Dapp distribution platform of MEET.ONE is a Dapp Store completely sorted
by users. Recommendations of different application lists are given through
analyzing user’s choices and preferences, which is customized service of the
Dapp Store. MEET.ONE’s decentralized algorithm ensures that the Dapp portal
is not being manipulated by decentralized institutions and guarantees the
freedom and loyalty of the block-chain application ecosystem.
u INFORMATION PLATFORM
Information is a window to attract more people, as the portal to EOS value, the
MEET.ONE wallet consolidates the primary industry’s information from various
channels from around the world, stored on the servers, so that users from
different countries can easily access this information. Real-time translation will be
available so there will not be any language barriers.
Users can optimize their investment portfolio in the first place, based on their
opinion of news and trends, they can get access to educational courses of EOS
blockchain technology.
Meanwhile, the MEET.ONE information platform will process its decentralized
isomorphism algorithm, pushing notifications for interesting content, filter the
information that users are not interested in and improve the attention value of
users.

12

3.3 UTILITY OF MEET.ONE TOKEN
MEET.ONE Token is an EOS mainnet token which utilized on MEET.ONE platform.
Various functions of MEET.ONE may require MEET.ONE tokens. MEET.ONE
tokens is the fundamental element to sustain the MEET.ONE platform.
u Developers who hold MEET.ONE Tokens are entitled to utilize the side chain
resource and developer SDK.
u EOS Native blockchain developers may seek appropriate on-chain resource
lease through MEET.ONE platform, and make the payment to the providers
in the form of MEET.ONE tokens.
u Developers may have access to the advertising display function of MEET.ONE
Incubator by paying MEET.ONE Tokens to the MEET.ONE platform.
u Developers may have access to the advertising display function of MEET.ONE
Dapp Store by paying MEET.ONE Tokens to the MEET.ONE platform.
u Users who hold a certain number of MEET.ONE tokens may be entitled to
some special functions, such as projects rating qualification, whitelist
qualification for subscription, and candidacy for community leaders.

13

4. TOKEN DISTRIBUTION
4.1 MEET.ONE TOKEN DISTRIBUTION
Distribution Plan

Quantity

% of total token supply

Retained for the team

2.5 billion

25%

MEET.ONE Foundation

2.5 billion

25%

Early supporters

1 billion

10%

Reserved for airdrop and
other ways of distribution

4 billion

40%

* Total supply: 10 billion MEET.ONE tokens, 50% in circulation, the issuance of
additional tokens is prohibited.
4.2 LIFTING PLAN LOCKING SCHEDULE
4 years locking period for the team holders, 25% of the locked tokens will be
released each year.
Locking time

%

1st year

25%

2nd year

25%

3rd year

25%

4th year

25%

4.3 FUNDS ALLOCATION
60% for Team Scaling, Rewards, Research & Development
30% for Community Construction and Operation
10% for Force Majeure and Contingency Reserve

14

5. TEAM
u Goh
Goh has 8 years of product design experience, successively worked in Alibaba,
Mozat and other companies. He joined Aliyun and participated in the early
incubation of Cloud OS in 2011 and set up the experienced team for Mozat
when he lived in Singapore. After he returned home, he led the team in taking
part with 100 million users’ product development as the user experience leader
of Meiyou.
u Chow
Chow has years of entrepreneurial experience, and working experience in the
block-chain industry. He is a fan of Bitcoin and other crypto currencies，also
invests in different block-chain projects. He is also a private fund manager and
foreign exchange trader.
u Ian
Ian has 8 years R&D experience in internet companies, has worked for Qunar,
Snowball companies, and has extensive product development experience. He
also is an in-depth participant in the EOS developer community and core
developer of Scholar Testnet.
u Rick
Rick graduated from Xiamen University, and is an MBA student. He used to be
the leader of “Meet you” Clients and dealt with the business development of
the billion-dollar business project. He led the incubator project to complete
rapid iterative product development, and has extensive experience in client
product development, optimization, and project management.
u Sev
Sev has worked at NetDragon as a strategic project manager. He was a core
member of the team and in charge of establishing and promoting the strategic
cooperation between NetDragon and other well-known global companies such
as Softbank, Sony, and Unity. He organized and participated in many high-level
government visits and the reception of foreign politicians at large-scale summits.
He has extensive experience and resources in business cooperation.

15

u Susan
Susan graduated from Zhejiang University. She is a foreign exchange trader, won
the Big Shots Bonus of Exness platform in 2017, and was the only winner of
China. She has a deep understanding of traditional finance, currency systems,
and economic cycles. Susan has managed a community which was composed of
tens of thousands members that work in investment banking and Private Equity
funding. Now she is in charge of the MEET.ONE communities.
u Dmitri
Dmitri is a Ukrainian investor in China, and is familiar with the Asian and
European cultures. He used to be the CEO of Xiamen New Energy Company and
founded several language schools in China. He is a cryptocurrency analyst and
investor, and has supported many block-chain projects such as Tenx, ARN,
Steem, etc.
u Chao Xie
Chao Xie has more than ten years’experience in Internet development, has
hosted and developed the Ctrip ticket platform, Rings.tv, Fulda Pay; he is an
expert in the field of payment, has extensive experience in online payments, and
is now acting as the CTO of Fulda Pay Pte Ltd. He joined MEET.ONE for helping
to bring out better implementation of EOS payment functionalities.

16

6.

DISCLAIMER AND RISK FACTORS

6.1. DISCLAIMER
Participants who are interested in Meet.One carefully read this chapter.
Participants who directly or indirectly use resources of MEET.ONE shall be
deemed to have accepted the rules set forth in these disclaimers.
6.1.1.

MEET.ONE adopts the principles of voluntary participation, participate

at your own risk, responsibility and costs. Participants shall be individuals over 18
years old with full legal capacity, and voluntarily accept and are willing to be
abided by the rules and regulations.
6.1.2.

Participants shall take all risks and legal responsibilities arising directly

or indirectly from these activities. The organizers, sponsors or institutions shall
have no liability to physical injuries, property loss and spiritual damage that may
arise due to such investment of Meet.One
6.1.3.

MEET.ONE shall not be responsible for the situation in case of a

temporary shut-down, which may be the result from hacker attacks, computer
virus infection or government restrictions, etc. MEET.ONE company also does not
undertake obligations to personal information being leaked, lost, stolen or
tampered with.
6.1.4.

MEET.ONE will give prior notice to temporary system shutdowns for

maintenance or upgrade purposes. In case of circuit faults, outside hardware
failure or other force majeure event causing a system temporary shutdown,
MEET.ONE does not undertake obligations to the inconvenience and losses.
6.1.5.

This whitepaper does not constitute any investment advice, investment

intention or abet investments concerning the form of securities.
This whitepaper does not constitute nor should it be considered as an offering of
securities in any jurisdiction, or an invitation to buy or sell the securities, and is
not intended to be any form of contract or promise.
17

6.1.6.

Subscribing MEET.ONE token is not an investment. There is no promise

of future value, and no guarantee that there is no possibility of value drop.
Meet.One token cannot be used to buy goods or services, and has no particular
value.
6.1.7.

MEET.ONE expressly disclaims that it undertakes no obligation to any

indirect or directs loss arising out of participation in MEET.ONE project, including
the reliability of all information provided in this document, errors, omissions or
inaccurate information, or any actions resulting therefrom.
6.1.8.

MEET.ONE token is not a sort of ownership or controlling power.

Holding MEET.ONE tokens does not represent holding control over MEET.ONE
applications, no authorization of anyone’s participations in decision-making
regarding to MEET.ONE applications.
6.1.9.

MEET.ONE reserves the rights to modify and update the interpretation

of this disclaimer from time to time.
6.2. RISK FACTORS
Investing in MEET.ONE is highly risky. Token holders may encounter different
risks including market risk, operational risk, credit risk, administrative risk, political
risk, etc.The return on venture investment comes from project development and
operation, there is no promise of fixed return ， no guaranteed capital
preservation and minimum income.
6.2.1.

Risks Relating to Smart Contracts of EOS.

MEET.ONE Token is an EOS-based token, therefore, any failure on EOS-based
contracts, or unpredictable functionality issues, or attacks may result in a
MEET.ONE platform shutdown or function loss. In addition, the value of accounts
in the EOS contracts may fluctuate with MEET.ONE tokens in the same way or
other ways. For more information about EOS contracts, see: http://eos.io，
6.2.2.

Risk of Losing MEET.ONE Tokens Due to Credentials Loss

MEET.ONE tokens most likely link to an existing MEET.ONE account prior to
token distribution, the relevant credentials are the only key to access the token
18

account. Losing the confidential information will result in the loss of tokens. The
best and safest way to store credentials is to keep them in a single or multiple
places, do not store or expose them at the work place.
6.2.3.

Risks Related to Purchase Certificates

A private key, or a combination of private keys, is necessary to control and
dispose of Meet.One Tokens stored in your digital wallet, vault or other storage
mechanism. Accordingly, loss of re quisite private key(s) associated with your
digital wallet, vault or other storage mechanism storing Meet.One Tokens may
result in loss of such Meet.One Tokens. Moreover, any third party that gains
access to such private key(s), including by gaining access to login credentials of a
hosted wallet service you use, may be able to misappropriate your Meet.One
Tokens. We cannot be responsible for any such losses.
6.2.4.

Risk of Judicial Supervision

The block-chain industry became a major supervision target of main countries in
the world. In case of regulating agencies stepping in or influencing this industry,
such as restrictions on token utilization and sales of MEET.ONE tokens, and
might even be stopped the development of MEET.ONE applications.
6.2.5.

Risk of Insufficient Interest in the Ecosystem or Distributed Applications

It is possible that the Ecosystem will not be used by a large number of individuals,
companies and other entities or that there will be limited public interest in the
creation and development of distributed ecosystems (such as the Ecosystem)
more generally. Such lack of use or interest could negatively impact the
development of the Ecosystem and therefore the potential utility of Meet.One
Tokens.
6.2.6.

Risk of Hacking and Security Weaknesses

Hackers or other malicious groups or organisations may attempt to interfere with
the Ecosystem or Meet.One Token in a variety of ways, including, but not limited
to, malware attacks, denial of service attacks, consensus-based attacks, Sybil
attacks, smurfing and spoofing. Furthermore, because the Ecosystem is based on
19

open-source software, there is a risk that a third party or a member of any
Group Entity may intentionally or unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the
core infrastructure of the Ecosystem, which could negatively affect the Ecosystem
and Token Units.
6.2.7.

Risks of Mining Attacks

Same as other crypto currencies, the MEET.ONE platform blockchain is also
susceptible to mining attacks, for instance, double spending attacks, 51% attacks,
Sybil attacks and race condition attacks. Each successful attack poses a certain
risk for MEET.ONE Token. Any successful attacks present a risk to the Ecosystem
and Meet.One tokens, including, but not limited to, accurate execution and
recording of transactions involving Token Units.
6.2.8.

Risks Related to Maintenance or Utilization

MEET.ONE tokens should not be considered as an investment. Although it may
have certain value in a certain period of time, the value could be very little due to
lack of maintenance or utilization, which obviously effects MEET.ONE Token.
6.2.9.

MEET.ONE Dissolution

It is possible that, due to any number of reasons, including, but not limited to, an
unfavourable fluctuation in the value of cryptographic and fiat currencies,
decrease in the utility of MEET.ONE due to negative adoption of the Ecosystem,
the failure of commercial relationships, or intellectual property ownership
challenges, the Ecosystem may no longer be viable to operate and t MEET.ONE
may be dissolved.
6.2.10.

System Failure

Meet.One network or services, which would include the Ecosystem, could be
disrupted by numerous events,

including natural

disasters,

equipment

breakdown, network connectivity downtime, power losses, or even intentional
disruptions of its services, such as disruptions caused by software viruses or
attacks by unauthorized users, some of which are beyond control. Although the
Meet.One team will be taking steps against malicious attacks on its appliances or
20

its infrastructure, which are critical for the maintenance of the Ecosystem and its
other services, there can be no assurance that cyber-attacks, such as distributed
denials of service, will not be attempted in the future, and that any of
Meet.One’s intended enhanced security measures will be effective.
6.2.11.

Unpredictable Risks

Cryptographic token are a new and untested technology. In addition to the
aforementioned risks, there may be other risks associated with your purchase,
holding and use of Token Units, including those that the Seller cannot anticipate.
Such risks may further materialise as unanticipated variations or combinations of
the risks.

21

