2

Contents
1. Project Introduction..................................................................................................... 4
2. Market Background..................................................................................................... 7
3. Market Sore Spot.......................................................................................................... 8
3.1 Highly Centralized Exhibition Industry..................................................................... 8
3.2

Lack of Development Plan of Digital-currency-lead Global Exhibitions.............9

3.3 Lack of Synergy Between Blockchain and Internet of Things.................................. 9
4. MESSE introduction.................................................................................................10
4.1 Vision of MESSE......................................................................................................10
4.2 MESSE platform.......................................................................................................10
4.3 MESSE and Internet of Things.................................................................................11
5. MESSE Platform........................................................................................................ 13
5.1 Participants in A Distributed Exhibition Environment.............................................13
5.2 MESSE Application Scenario................................................................................14
6.Advantages................................................................................................................... 16
6.1 Platform Advantages................................................................................................ 16
6.2

Advantages of Distributed Business Model.......................................................... 17

7.Development and Planning Graph.............................................................................16
8. MESSE Token.............................................................................................................21
8.1 MESSE Token Distribution....................................................................................21
8.2 The Allocation of Fundraised Token......................................................................22
9. Team Management & Structure............................................................................... 23
9.1 Core team............................................................................................................... 23
9.2 Management Mode.................................................................................................25
10. Risk Warnings and Disclaimer............................................................................... 28
10.1 Risk Disclosure and Recognition......................................................................... 28
10.2 Disclaimer............................................................................................................ 29

Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

3

Preface
Throughout the history of the exhibition industry, the establishment and change of the
participation system of the exhibition industry is accelerating. In the current era, building a
trusted distributed global blockchain decentralized exhibition platform is the future development
trend of the industry. The upgrading of AI big data, intelligent service system and blockchain
finance will better realize the new mode of global online exhibition service in the future.
We believe that with the rapid development of the blockchain industry, encrypted digital
currency based on fairness, trustworthiness and security will surely become the mainstream of
global business development. Based on the background of such global blockchain application,
MEESE has created the world's leading decentralized platform for the exhibition blockchain.
Through the accumulation of a large number of industry cases, and by means of constantly
adjusting its posture, MEESE has provided the blockchain decentralized exhibition services in
more than 200 regions of 40 countries around the world, dedicated to building blockchain
solutions within the industry's ecological environment.
The vision of MESSE is to apply blockchain technology to constructing a trusted
distributed exhibition environment that can both self-circulate and expand outward

Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

1. Project Introduction
MESSE is the world's leading decentralized platform for exhibition blockchain. Through
nine years of accumulating a large number of industry application cases in various industries,
MESSE is committed to building blockchain solutions within the industry's ecological
environment.
The vision of MESSE is to apply blockchain technology to constructing a trustworthy
distributed exhibition environment that can both self-circulate and expand outward.

1.1 MESSE Project Summary
With the development of information technology and the Internet to this day, the
application of various systems makes collaboration more convenient and efficient. Due to the
existing trust issues, most of such efficient collaborations take place within an enterprise or an
organization. When it comes to different components of the upstream and downstream of the
exhibition industry, such collaborative docking involves data security, trade secrets,
cooperative trust and other aspects. On the other hand, the matching and supporting services
will become obstacles, in aspects of cost and efficiency, to the rapid development resulting
from the same concerns.
MESSE is a global decentralized eco-platform for exhibitions and is dedicated to the
cryptocurrency sector, creating simple and powerful on-line services for convention industry
practitioners. Based on blockchain technology, MESSE has established a new, trustworthy,
shared, decentralized exhibition and business collaboration model, which ensures the more
convenient and smooth operation of data security for all participants in the exhibition industry.
Furthermore, MESSE provides the information flow in a more timely and accurate fashion,
which enables the concurrent operation of value transmission accompanying the
implementation of the activities in the ecological environment. In addition to improving the
capital utilization rate of the entire exhibition industry supply chain, it can also strengthen the
environmentally sustainable development of the industry, thereby achieving more business
development and value enhancement.

1.2 MESSE

Project Connotation

“MESSE” refers to the industry of exhibitions. MESSE hopes to subvert the previous
centralized exhibitions, from offline to online, and use MESSE coins as universal virtual
currency for global exhibitions, conferences, events, etc., with a view to injecting new vitality
Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

4

for growth of exhibition industry into creating a more convenient, effective and trustworthy
global exhibition eco-chain.

1.3 Success of MESSE
Since the launch of the MESSE project, it has successfully attracted wide attention from:
Reed Exhibitions, NürnbergMesse, Messe Frankfurt, Hannover Messe, Nippon Dentsu,
Cologne, Freeman, Fengyuzhu, Huakai Creative, Shanghai Fine Arts, Shuimu Tsinghua,
Demaggi International and other world-renowned convention organizers and exhibition service
companies. Agreements have been reached between MESSE blockchain and more than 20
investment institutions like Japan Softbank Group, Tiger Fund, US KBCP, Blackstone Group,
Qianfang Fund, Preangel Capital, KTB Investment Group, FBG Fund, DFUND Fund,
Distributed Capital, Creation Capital, LINKVC Connected Capital, INB Capital, Millennium
Capital, Block VC, and TURNING CAPITAL.

Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

5

6

Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

7

2. Market Background
Blockchain technology contributes to the transformation and rapid development
of the global exhibition industry
In fact, with the development and application of blockchain, the convention and
exhibition industry has gradually recognized the important role of decentralization. It is an
inevitable trend to realize AI intelligent and convenient transactions for the purpose of
promoting the integration of online and offline exhibitions and decentralized platforms by
means of big data analysis. In the past few years, the proportion of intelligent and digital
transactions in the trading chain of the exhibition industry has increased from 3% in 2012 to
10% in 2017 and is expected to rise to 80% in 2023.

Global exhibition blockchain digital currency presents positive development trend
Blockchain technology creates a more valuable commercial distribution network that
supports the flow of multiple digital assets, including cryptocurrencies. From the perspective
of development, the currency is constantly changing its form. As to the virtualization and
digitization of currency, the nation is showing growing affirmation. There is increasingly
positive trend of the digitization of money and finance. The core value of the global
exhibition blockchain digital currency, MESSE currency, is to realize a non-temperable,
safe and reliable transaction model, ensuring that each participant using the exhibition
blockchain decentralized platform constitutes a trusted multilateral relationship chain to bring
about efficient communication and return of digital value.

Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

3. Market Sore Spot

8

3.1 Highly Centralized Exhibition Industry
3.1.1 Lack of Information Transparency Among Parties
At this stage of the exhibition industry, the information obtained by various practitioners
is very limited. Due to the inequality of information and the lack of standardization mode, it is
difficult for the participants in the exhibition industry eco-chain to make accurate judgments.
Secondly, teamwork among different participants entails more diverse information in the
exhibition industry. Under the circumstances of opaque information transmission, the interests
of all parties are unevenly distributed. It is difficult for the exhibition industry to achieve
transformation and upgrading.
3.1.2 information asymmetry resulting in fund mismatch
In the context of a highly centralized exhibition industry, it is generally believed that the
information held by different participants in the eco-chain of the exhibition industry is
incomplete and can easily lead to asymmetric risks of information. Such multi-party
information asymmetry will cause distrust of both parties, resulting in mismatching of funds in
the exhibition industry and increasing transaction costs, resulting in insufficient or low capital
utilization.
3.1.3 fixed space between the upstream and downstream value of the supply chain
In the traditional exhibition industry, the industry boundaries are relatively fixed, and the
value space of the exhibition industry is in relatively fixed condition as well. In such conditions,
the relationship between the upstream and downstream of the industry is often opposite.
Because the total amount is constant, the value can only be transferred between the upstream
and downstream of the industry. The inevitable result is not a win-win solution and the
distribution of upstream and downstream wealth is moving towards a polarized direction. The
different parts of the exhibition industry in the upstream and downstream would become
competitors instead, hoping to occupy a larger share of the industry's wealth.

3.1.4 short-lived exhibitions leading to high cost and huge waste
In the traditional offline exhibition mode, each stage is subject to tense timeline, and the
exhibition has not been able to achieve the desired effect. Such a fast-paced exhibition mode
has caused huge amounts of waste and has become a critical factor hindering the green
Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

sustainable development of the industry.

3.2

Lack of Development Plan of Digital-currency-lead Global Exhibitions
So far, there is no one organization in the world that focuses on the integration of

blockchain decentralization technology and exhibition industry, enabling management and
investment through digital currency. With the rapid growth of blockchain and digital
cryptocurrency, we believe that the market will embrace opportunities of more than one trillion
US dollars in the blockchain sector of the exhibition industry.

3.3 Lack of Synergy Between Blockchain and Internet of Things
After solving the previous issues of the traditional Internet of Things, the new Internet of
Things has successfully obtained four major features: strong connectivity, wide coverage, low
power consumption, and low cost. However, there are still three main problems in the
development of the Internet of Things: the fragmentation of communication protocol standards,
the high cost of construction and maintenance, and the inability to ensure security and privacy.
These problems can be solved theoretically through blockchain technology; But in fact, the
synergy between the two is far from satisfaction.
From the perspective of blockchain application, although the blockchain can guarantee the
real limitation and privacy of data on the blockchain network, it is necessary to rely on the
Internet of Things technology to ensure the real and effective performance of the data source
input. In the future, the two will work together and integrate with each other, which will have
an immeasurable economic bene.

Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

9

4. MESSE introduction

10

The decoupling technology of blockchain can break the existing information asymmetry
situation in the exhibition industry, establish a new, trustworthy and shared exhibition
coordination mode, with the aim of realizing timely and accurate information flow support, and
enhancing the value transmission in the industry.
Through the application of blockchain technology, the MESSE platform will create a
credible distributed exhibition eco-environment that can realize self-circulation and expand
outwards with decentralized and symmetric information. It can help realize the transformation
of value from transfer to transition and promote the sustainable self-development of global
exhibition eco-environment. MESSE follows the development trend of the future exhibition
industry and subverts the traditional centralized state of the exhibition. Each platform
participant can use MESSE coins to gain access to the whole ecological chain of conferences,
exhibitions and activities in 200+ cities in 40 countries.

4.1 Vision of MESSE
The vision of MESSE is to apply blockchain technology to constructing a trusted distributed
exhibition environment that can both self-circulate and expand outward.

4.2 MESSE platform
Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

The MESSE platform is a blockchain decentralized platform open to the participants of

11

the eco-chain of the exhibition industry. The upstream and downstream terminals of the supply
chain provide diversified global exhibition services. Based on the decentralized service of
blockchain, MESSE will build a new era featuring open, transparent, intelligent and diversified
exhibitions, committed to creating a distributed exhibition ecosystem able to self-improve and
develop.

4.3 MESSE and Internet of Things
MESSE has developed IoT technology for targeted blockchain applications, including the
following：



Development of encryption chip label technology



IoT sensor identification and data security



Asymmetric key and algorithm
MESSE is upgraded on the chip layer of traditional IoT devices, adding identity IDs and

asymmetric keys and algorithms.


Identity ID: Each IoT device requires a unique identity in the network and this identity
code can be recognized by other participants in the network. We encode the identity codes
for a variety of different devices or objects to ensure they are unique and identifiable.



Asymmetric key and algorithm: Asymmetric key algorithm is the cornerstone of the
Internet and an important feature of the blockchain. It can realize device authentication and
authorization on the basis of device identification. Through the public-private key algorithm,
we can verify whether the device can access the network, whether the digital information
source is reliable, and whether smart contract operations can be performed. In order to
ensure the security and reliability of the asymmetric key and algorithm, we store the private
key of the asymmetric key in the security zone of the device and make sure it cannot be
read. The asymmetric encryption algorithm runs in the safe mode of the processor, ensuring
that the algorithm is security during execution.

Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

12

Technology Structure of MESSE

Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

5. MESSE Platform

13

5.1 Participants in A Distributed Exhibition Environment
In the ecological environment envisioned by MESSE, the platform mainly has the
following types of participants.
5.1.1 Enterprises or Individuals
Refers to various enterprises or individuals that provide products and services to end users
on the MESSE platform;
5.1.2 Application Services Providers
Refers to the terminal that provides various application development and services for
enterprises and users based on the MESSE blockchain. It can provide users with various
distributed exhibition applications and services in direct fashion or provide technical products
and related services for various enterprises. As a supply chain terminal, it helps organizations
provide products and services to end users;
5.1.3 MESSE Network Node Providers
It refers to institutions and organizations directly involved in the MESSE blockchain
network who keep and maintain a certain number of nodes to ensure the overall network
security of MESSE. The participants maintain specific functional nodes to provide relevant
exhibition eco-chain services;
5.1.4 MESSE Foundation
It is responsible for the basic technical services such as MESSE blockchain network
construction, technology research and development, upgrade and maintenance; at the same
time, it is also responsible for business development at the initial stage, providing and
supporting more exhibition industry participants to provide necessary blockchain services
according to the stage requirements of ecological development, such as private key
management, etc.
5.1.5 End Users
This refers to those who enjoy all applications and services on the MESSE blockchain
decentralized exhibition platform.
These participants built the MESSE distributed exhibition ecosystem, which can form an
Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

effective closed loop, and, on the other hand, dock and assimilate the ecological outer-

14

environment to further self-growth.

5.2 MESSE Application Scenario
If the entire distributed exhibition ecology is compared to a whole life, the blockchain
infrastructure is the skeleton, and the application services of the various parties that grow on it
are muscles and organs. Such beings must require the circulation of blood. Blood, in this case,
is the token of MESSE (MESSE coin), which carries the value transfer function of various
activities on the entire exhibition block network machine. The MESSE coin will be available
for sale in a variety of ways later.
As the value carrier of the entire exhibition ecology, MESSE coins flow through the
exhibition contracts that describe and implement synergies among parties, forming a closed
loop with a special open interface. On one hand, they accelerate the value flow in the
exhibition ecology. On the other hand, as a medium, it will openly communicate with the
exhibition and ecology, and further expand the ecological scope.


This cycle begins with each blockchain decentralized exhibition platform participants
paying MESSE coins on the platform to meet their needs and services. The MESSE
platform will allocate some MESSE coins to the Foundation for platform development and
commercial application promotion, support for services in the blockchain, etc.;



In addition to the operation of the platform, a portion of the collected MESSE coins will be
paid as a reward to the network node supplier;

Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.



15

The application service provider further develops and processes the demand on the platform
according to the needs of the end users and other participants. They provide applications
and services and collect a portion of MESSE coins as revenue.



End users can pay MESSE coins for products and services from participating parties in the
industry environment.



Of course, such an ecological environment must go through different development stages
and continue to maintain an open state. Better integration with the traditional exhibition
mode allows further transformation of the traditional exhibition industry participants,
thereby expanding the distributed exhibition ecosystem.
Amid this development process, there is a need for a variety of emerging technology

service companies to serve as a bridge of communication and value conversion between and
from the traditional exhibition mode to the MESSE distributed exhibition ecology. MESSE
will certainly do its best to develop various practical needs. On the other hand, MESSE will
encourage more excellent teams, increase understanding and concentration of the exhibition
industry and financial industry, and continuously explore the application and services of
MESSE platform.

Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

6.Advantages

16

6.1 Platform Advantages
6.1.1


It is precisely because we recognize the potentially diversified opportunities in the
decentralization of the exhibition blockchain that we have been able to combine the
advanced financial technology with technologies of artificial intelligence, blockchain, big
data, to develop the MESSE platform.

6.1.2




Scattered Expert Community

On MESSE, the proven supply chain forecasting model and application of the exhibition
industry are provided by its own team. Furthermore, reviewed inventions can be published
and traded by their researchers as well. We will offer corresponding rewards to the
inventors.
At the same time, MESSE encourages industry participants in the community to conduct
valuable evaluation and sharing of participating terminals in the upstream and
downstream of the exhibition industry.

6.1.3


Advanced Financial Technology

An Open Platform

MESSE will develop a comprehensive blockchain decentralized distributed exhibition
platform that will include relevant standards and incentives in terms of information
exchanges of upstream and downstream terminals.

6.1.4 Based on Blockchain Technology


MESSE is a decentralized exhibition supply chain application scenario. Users can use
their expertise in various terminal nodes of the exhibition area to participate in the
ecological chain construction and apply it to the community. Their innovations will be
shared and maintained across the blockchain, enabling them to benefit from the
decentralized MESSE supply chain.



The blockchain will ensure the privacy and information security of the participants and
investors, realize the open information flow in the supply chain of the exhibition industry.
Decentralization will eliminate the boundary effects of each terminal and maintain
fairness and justice.

6.1.5 Based on Ethereum Development


The Messe source code base is derived from Ethereum, but during the process of
development and application, a number of modifications and improvements have been
made to facilitate commercial applications, including Dynamic Block Generation Protocol
(DBGP) and Dynamic Block Security Protocol (DMBSP) and Data Group Embedding
Protocol (DGIP) and so on.



Moreover, Messe provides an abstraction service for smart contracts, and atomized,
standardized, and modular smart contract libraries (VSCL). The blockchain common data
interface protocol has been improved for commercial applications.

Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

17

6.2

Advantages of Distributed Business Model



Relatively transparent information



Minimize trust friction between different participants



Different participants contribute strong points and self-worth to the exhibition ecological
environment, thus obtaining relatively fair compensation.



Realize the high-speed circulation of value and continue to expand the MESSE business
closed loop in the future.

Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

18

Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

7. Development and Planning Graph

19

Messe has undergone three major upgrades from the design of prototypes in July 2012 to the
launch of Messe Plan in June 2018.


2012 Q3

The preliminary formation of exhibition eco-chain platform presents solution to the
upstream and downstream of the industry.
The team ran TPOC.


2014 Q1
Ethereum TPOC passed.
MESSE platform beta version lunched and the plan officially started.



2014 Q4
MESSE beta version was launched.
The first generation of MESSE and the first business application case were launched.

This version achieved basic intelligent contract template and block chain browser,
standardized block chain API.


2015 Q2
MESSEM 1.0 official version was launched.
This version provided functional intelligent contract and service architecture was adjusted.



2016 Q3
More intelligent contracts, various application modules went online.
The fulfillment of online trading of exhibition originality

Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.



2018 Q2

20

MESSE M2.0 plan was initiated.
Solutions to upstream and downstream supply chain including exhibition, activities and
meetings. Multiple industries cases, like concerts are offered.


2018 Q3

MESSE Pass issued, raising ETH of no more than $2,520, intensive R&D and market
operations
Future development plan of MESSE.


2019
BLACK、PBCP、DCCP、CHAOS going online.
The third generation smart chips and MESSE cloud platform going online.



2020
Q2 MESSE M3.0 going online. Users of MESSE can do program trading in some bourse.
Q3 the first cloud platform of blockchain in exhibition industry being realized.

Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

21

8. MESSE Token
MESSE token is MESSE coin; Initial contract of MESSE is going to issue 28,000,000,000
MESSE coins, in total 28 billion.
Instruction: Every coin is the value that we think, in the future, MESSE platform and
developers generate. ( 1 ETH=65,000Messe )

8.1 MESSE Token Distribution
proportion

Distribution plan

15%

MESSE Crowd-funding

15%

MESSE Team

15%

25%

MESSE participants

Continuing Operations And Technological
Development

15%

Commercial Promotion

15%

R&D

Detail
The income of MESSE Crowdfunding will contribute to the
operation of the foundation,
including development,
marketing, finance and legal
advice, etc.
The MESSE team made human,
resource, material and technical
contributions during the
development of the MESSE
block chain platform, therefore
issuing MESSE coins in return.
Participants refer to participants
in the distributed exhibition
ecosystem built by MESSE;
these participants will focus
on the use of MESSE coins in
their participating business
activities in the future.
Maintaining continuing
operations and development
done by MESSE team
Strategic deployment, project
support and token replacement
in the exhibition industry in
order to be used for industrial
applications of MESSE
technology to truly achieve
commercial implementation.
Blockchain technology used by
technical teams to develop
MESSE (main chain technology,
payment and liquidation of
MESSE application scenarios,
blockchain application of
distributed supply chain
management, etc.) and academic
research related to MESSE

Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

8.2The Allocation of Fundraised Token

22

The Allocation of Fundraised Token


5% Legislation



25% Operation



35% Marketing expenses and developer support



35% R&D

Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

9. Team Management & Structure

23

The core team of MESSE was formed in late 2012, members of which are industry experts
from different countries with many years of working experience on blockchain, cryptography,
exhibition and digital currency industries. The combination of the MESSE team emphasizes
balance, business, technology, operation, and supports multi-directional unity, and the team
works together to further develop the distributed exhibition eco platform of MESSE.

9.1 Core team

Zhenhua earned EMBA from Shanghai Jiaotong University School of
Advanced Finance, more than 15 years of experience in project
development and management of financial services industry,
specializing in resource integration of various financial institutions and
listed companies. He has solid knowledge on operation mode of
different market,and has unique insights on medium and long term
development plan of enterprises. He started MESSE project on 2012,
dedicating to the promotion of blockchain technologies as a vanguard in
the application of blockchain in exhibition industries.

Lucky was an investor of Qiqile portal website of mobile phone game.
He earnde his PhD from ASU with master’s degrees of many top
business schools. He is an investor of many network companies.
Focusing on exhibition market for 14 years, he has pragmatic solutions
for the brand building and operation of media projects with rich
experience in building, maintaining, developing and propagating of
brands, committed to guidance of blockchain operation for MESSE.

Micheal earned EMBA from Shanghai University of Finance and
Economics and Shanghai Jiaotong University. He was former vice
president of Chinese branch of American GE company, boasting of 13
years management experience in enterprise running and solid
knowledge on operation mode of different market, having unique
insights on medium and long term development plan of enterprises.

Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

24

Daria graduated from Shanghai University of International Business
and Economics , who has rich channel in sale , project management and
Customer negotiation . Daria is a specialist in marketing strategy of
blockchain with rich working experience in the industry of blockchain
and internet, in charge of the building of channel in exhibition industry
of MESSE, providing business situations and partners for MESSE.

Saya is a master of finance from Shanghai University of International
Business and Economics with a good entrepreneurial spirit and
responsibility. Responsible for the company's online and offline
marketing campaign planning, organizational execution and
performance evaluation, as well as daily operational guidance and other
work of the operations department.

Ewa was graduated from UCL and majored in financial engineering.
She has more than 7 years experience in the management of credit
exposure and asset investment. She used to work for city bank and bank
of communications international trust co.. She is responsible for digital
asset analysis, management and risk control in MESSE.

Richard used to be IT senior executive in TCL with 12 years experience
in embedded system development and management.. He joined MESSE
to take charge of the development and research on technology. He gives
suggestions on the R&D on the infrastructure of blockchain.

Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

9.2 Management Mode

25

The corporate governance structure is derived from the corporate system by using
constrain corporate strategy, risk management, operational principles, human resources, and
legal compliance.
Although the block chain technology is based on decentralization and establishes an
efficient and synergistic community platform, the experience of the corporate governance
structure is still worthy of frugality to improve the synergy efficiency of the MESSE block
chain community and also regulate the community's operational activities; MESSE has
always wanted to structure a “non-traditional” community. In addition to individual
participants, there are other non-scale exhibition participants, and a reasonable corporate
governance structure can resonate with corporate participation.
Of course, all of these above cannot be applied mechanically, we need to find a dynamic
balance between community culture and traditional culture exhibition management. MESSE
hopes to continuously optimize and adjust the block chain industry experience and the
traditional industry development model of the exhibition in the past few years.
9.2.1 Establishment of the MESSE Foundation
The MESSE Foundation is a non-profit legal entity that was approved to be established
and was located at the Virgin Islands. The MESSE Foundation will serve as an advocacy
entity for the MESSE block chain and dedicate to the development and construction of
MESSE transparency and advocacy and promote the safe and harmonious development of
open-source Eco-communities.
9.2.2 Principles of MESSE Foundation's operation
The designed objectives of the MESSE Foundation's operational structure are mainly to
consider the sustainability of the MESSE block chain opening platform, the effectiveness of
strategy formulation, effectiveness of management, risk management and efficient operation of
the platform. The MESSE Foundation develops the following principles in terms of structural
operations:


Relative decentralized governance and organizational integration of distributed
architecture
The block chain has always advocated the autonomous community system that centered

on “decentralization” or “distribution”, but MESSE believes that the complete
decentralization may bring absolute fairness but may also cause losing value. Therefore,
MESSE Foundation people will implement the core idea of relative decentralized governance
on the management structure, including the highest decision-making power of the Strategy
Decision Committee to improve the efficiency of the operation of entire community.
Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.



Functional committee coexists with smart unit

26

During the daily affairs, the MESSE Foundation will have resident functional units, such
as the department of marketing and development, finance and human resources departments,
in order to facilitate the handling affairs.
At the same time, MESSE will set up a special functional committee to make decisions
on important functional affairs in the foundation. Unlike the functional units, the functional
committees exist in a virtual architecture, and the committee are globalized formed and do
not need to work full-time in office. It is necessary to meet the qualification requirements of
the experts of each committee and promise to be able to attend and state opinions when the
committee needs to conduct the proceedings. The functional committee also sets up a regular
meeting system to ensure the effective advancement of major decisions.


Risk-oriented governance principles
Risk management will be the most important element in the process of determining the

strategic development and decision-making of the MESSE block chain and foundation.
As a computer technology with great revolutionary significance, the development of
block chain is still in its infancy, so it is especially important to grasp its development trend.
The risk management principle ensures that when the foundation makes important decisions,
it fully considers the risk factors, risk issues, and the possibility and impact of its occurrence,
and also formulates strategies of corresponding response through decision-making.
As a result, the development and iteration of the MESSE block chain and the
development of the MESSE Foundation are on a correct and stable path.


Transparency and supervision

Referring to the traditional concept of governance, the MESSE Foundation initially
conceives a special supervisory channel, and welcomes community members and all other
parties to join in management, join in supervision of operations, and be able to report
“discovered matters” quickly and confidentially. MESSE will provide a window of message
collection and privacy protection for the reporter.
At the same time, MESSE will take the form of regular reports and irregular press
releases, timely release the operation status of the foundation and the progress of MESSE
development, and openly accept the supervision of the participants.
9.2.3 Organizational Structure of MESSE Foundation
MESSE learns from the experience of the corporate governance structure to design
strategic decision-making committees, the Secretary, the Technical Review Committee, the
Remuneration and Nominating Committee, the Public Relations Committee, and the
Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

Supervisory Management Committee.

27

The organizational structure of the MESSE Foundation includes (as shown below):

9.2.4 Legal compliance affairs and other matters
The MESSE Foundation will hire a well-known domestic law firm as a legal adviser for
the MESSE project and provides comprehensive legal services for MESSE projects in digital
asset transaction structure, operational compliance, legal risk control system design, and
overseas legal information.

Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

10. Risk Warnings and Disclaimer

28

10.1 Risk Disclosure and Recognition
10.1.1 Systemic risk
Systemic risk refers to the possible change in income due to the common factors of the
global domain, which affects the returns of all securities in the same way. For example,
policy risk ---- the current regulation policy for block chain projects and IPO financing is still
unclear, there is a certain possibility of causing participants’ loss due to policy reasons; In the
market of risk, if the overall value of the digital asset market is overvalued, the investment
risk will increase, and participants may expect the growth of IPO projects to be very high, but
these high expectations may not be realized.
At the same time, systemic risks also include a series of irresistible factors, including but
not limited to natural disasters, large-scale failure of networks on a global scale, and political
turmoil etc.
10.1.2 Inter-team risk
The current block chain technology field has many teams and projects, and the
competition is fierce. There is strong pressure among market competition and project
operation. Whether the MESSE project can break through in many excellent projects is
widely recognized, and it is not only related to its own team capabilities, planning of vision,
but also to many competitors and even oligarchs in the market, and there is the possibility of
vicious competition.
10.1.3 Project coordination, marketing risk
The MESSE founding team will spare no effort to achieve the proposed development
goals and extend the project's room for growth. At present, MESSE has a relatively mature
business model analysis. However, the overall development trend of the industry has
unforeseen factors. The existed business models and overall coordination ideas may not
perfectly match the market demand, which leads to unpredictable earnings. At the same time,
as this white paper may be adjusted as long as the details of the project are updated. if the
details of the updated project are not obtained by the participants in time, or if the public is
not aware of the latest developments of the project, the participants or the public will not
have enough cognition of project because the information is not match, which affects the
further development of the project.
10.1.4 Other currently unknown risks
With the continuous development of block chain technology and the exhibition finance
Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

industry, MESSE may face some unforeseen risks. Participants are required to fully

29

understand the team’s background and understand the overall framework and ideas of the
project, rationally adjust their vision, and participate rationally before they makes decisions
about if they will participate or not.

10.2 Disclaimer
MESSE is a non-profit system. In the future, internal reward mechanism and operation
and maintenance mechanism will use virtual digital assets (i.e., virtual goods) rather than real
reward mechanisms. According to this, the assets acquired by MESSE are only similar to
virtual digital assets, such as Bitcoin and Ethereum.
The MESSE coin is a digital currency in which MESSE is one of the usage scenarios. It
is a virtualized reward mechanism for system operation, not a monetary return. Therefore,
MESS coin is not an investment. Holding MESSE coins does not represent ownership of
MESSE or MESSE applications, and MESSE does not grant any individual any right to
participate, control, or make decisions regarding MESSE and MESSE applications. The
holder of the MESSE coins can participate in the scenarios of the MESSE platform but
cannot directly cash out the MESSE coins.
The value goal of creation of MESSE coin is to create the application value of the
MESSE application platform and usage scenarios and the scarcity experience of virtual goods
for participants and holders, rather than monetary value or transaction value. We cannot
guarantee that the value of MESSE coins will increase, and it may also have a decline in
psychological cognitive value under certain circumstances. The goals listed in this white
paper may change due to unpredictable circumstances. While the team will do their best to
achieve all of the objectives of this white paper, all individuals and groups that purchase
MESSE coins will have to take their own risk.
This project introduction is for informational purposes only and cannot be used as any
investment advice, investment intention or instructed investment. This introduction does not
constitute or be construed as any purchase or sale, or any invitation to buy or sell, any form
of securities, nor a contract of any kind. Members of the MESSE community, please be sure
to read the introduction of MESSE carefully, fully understand the technical characteristics of
MESSE and the risk-return characteristics, and fully consider their risk tolerance, rational
judgment, and prudent decision-making. Once you participate in the project, you will
understand and accept the risk of the project and are willing to bear all the corresponding
results or consequences for this.

Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

30

Thank you!

MESSE Team
PS: Due to the cognitive differences between regions, languages and time zones, the final
interpretation of the relevant content description belongs to the MESSE team.

Disclaimer: This document is an internal document. Please do not forward this document to a non-specific group.
Those who fail to abide by shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. Provided any damages and losses are
incurred including but not limited to reputation and economy, MESSE has the right to pursue relevant legal liabilities
and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.

