Updated 19th of May, 2018

3

Introduction

4

MetaMorph.pro embraces decentralized technology

4

Vision

5

Meet the team behind MetaMorph.pro

6

Our strategy

6

Our goals

7

What is MetaMorph.pro capable of?

7

Short-term targets

7

Long-term goals

8

What are MetaMorph.pro innovations?

9

Our Unique features

10

Permits & regulations

11

Services to be offered

12

Point of Difference

13

MetaMorph.pro token sale dates

14

Distribution details

14

Roadmap & Conculsion

INTRODUCTION

MetaMorph.pro is an easy exchangeable platform that can switch
digital currencies between each other. The coin switching as we
call “Morph” combines the most popular cryptocurrencies on the
market.
MetaMorph.pro is designed for newbie or seasoned traders, it’s a
unique coin swapping, peer-to-peer exchange to give the user the
best exchange rates with low spreads, be able to secure and backup
coins aswell as quickly and easily move cryptocurrency around without
the hassle of getting into the traditional exchanges that are over
complicated and extremely difficult to manage digital assets in todays
market.
MetaMorph.pro is a first of it’s kind enabling anyone to be able to easily
exchange and store coins in a secure wallet, check portfolio with easy to
understand charts and backup in realtime.
The way exchange works is we use hash-time logged contracts which
essentially means when you send over a transaction and its received
by the other individual it will either complete or refund both of the
individuals in an entirely trustless manner, this allows traders that you
may or may not know to buy or sell anonymously while having your
account stay safe and secure.
Why is this important?
In todays cryptocurrency world there are two types of exchanges,
Centralized exchanges or Decentralized exchanges. With Centralized
exchanges they have full control over your funds, they are not
anonymous and they can be hacked and they can also have server
downtime.

3

METAMORPH.PRO
EMBRACES
DECENTRALIZED
TECHNOLOGY

With Decentralized exchanges you have full control over your funds,
you can trade anonymously, there is no opportunity for hacks or server
downtime.
(Pros and Cons)
With Centralized exchanges they are typically easier to use (usually
by advanced traders) however complicated for crypto traders getting
started, the upside is they have more advanced tools and liquidity.
With Decentralized today they are not easy to use, they have basic
features and the user experience is pretty poor leading to less people
using them and resulting in lower liquidity.
At MetaMorph.pro we are on a mission to build the best peer-topeer decentralized exchange on the planet which will be easy to use,
provides advanced tools, it will have very low fees, you will have full
control over your funds, have the ability to trade anonymously and have
no opportunity for hacks or server downtime.

VISION

With MetaMorph.pro you’re able to conduct transactions in an
extremely trustless manner without ever fearing when your tokens are
leaving your possession or when you are making a transaction leaving
an opportunity for your coins to be hacked because you are in full
control.
The vision we see at Metamorph.pro is we believe the Centralized
model is coming to an end. We say that because as these hacks keep
happening every single month it’s very obvious this cannot last like
this. When Japan was hacked most of the trading community lost
their confidence and it took months to recover from such a loss. For
cryptocurrency trading to continue moving forward we believe a more
resilient trading environment is needed.
With MetaMorph.pro we really saw the need in the marketplace through
our own frustrations, this led us on this path of building the worlds most
user friendly exchange.
We believe it’s time to bring out to the market a decentralized easy to
use all-in-one tool with advanced reporting solutions but without the
complications and compliance issues that a traditional crypto exchange
has.

AT METAMORPH.PRO WE ARE DEVELOPING

4

Meet the Team

A NEW KIND OF COIN TRADING PLATFORM.

IN 2018, WE OFFICIALLY LAUNCH OUR WORLDWIDE
COIN EXCHANGE PLATFORM WITH UNIQUE FEATURES
FOR CRYPTOCURRENCIES AND DIGITAL ASSETS.

Daniel Lew

Co Founder - CEO
Daniel is passionate about Blockchain technology and IT, communications,
marketing, software and business with 18 years combined experience.
Daniel has been involved as a Crypto advisor and has seen the way the
market has evolved over the years leading him to building MetaMorph.pro
which he believes will be the next biggest thing in the crypto world.

Tom Miller

Co Founder - Blockchain Architect
Tom is a Native digital technologist, biomedical engineer, social
entrepreneur, passionate programmer, looking to solve society’s social
issues through the application of technology.

Angelo Lauro

Financial Manager
Angelo has had more than 2 decades working in the corporate sector
including, technology, franchising and finance. Angelo currently holds
several directorships in various successful businesses in the finance &
insurance sector with experience over the years that includes Recruitment,
Management Consultancy, Business Performance Growth Specialist.

Hamish Miller

Marketing Manager
Hamish is an expert in branding, marketing and advertising with search
placements and retargeting. His expertise will ensure MetaMorph.pro gets
the recognition it deserves.

Marwan Fikrat

Programmer / Developer
Marwan lives and breathes programming, his passion and love for being
involved with software projects such as MetaMorph.pro is all driven by his
willing to push through and adapt to technologies he is interested about.
His speciality is Javascript and React.
5

OUR STRATEGY
Our goal is to become the next generation coin trading platform utilizing
atomic swap technology, deliver unparalleled value for new users, and
strong returns for investors. Ultimately, we wish to drive the creation of
a new financial ecosystem grounded in the interactions between digital
assets and Blockchain technology.
Our mission is to foster and enhance the adoption of cryptocurrencies
as a medium of exchange for global cryptocurrency trading. We will
achieve this by increasing the awareness and educating the general
population on the safety and advantages of utilizing digital currencies
and Blockchain technology.
We at MetaMorph.pro believe that the time has come for traders
around the world to trust cryptocurrencies while allowing systems like
ours to facilitate, fast, easy and secure transactions.
Due to all of the regulations and boundaries currently enveloping
financial markets, it has become increasingly more difficult to start
trading. With MetaMorph.pro we take that barrier and frustration away
by allowing you to simply move your coins around from one exchange
to the next in a coin swapping scenario, we do not store your coins on
our server, your coins are stored on the blockchain where they reside
allowing the Metamorph.pro platform to be 100% safe, secure and
protected.
MetaMorph.pro has the required tools and expertise to provide
individuals, companies and startups with the opportunity to experience
positive growth and development.

OUR GOALS

Our aim is to minimize the hassles and unnecessary limitations of
bureaucracy and build an easy-to-use, full-proof platform for the
masses. We want to provide a solution for newbie or seasoned traders
to check profits and losses quickly and to have the information they
need to quickly move coins around or backup and store in a wallet.
To provide an exchange platform between cryptocurrencies and digital
assets with a large, active and friendly community.
Offer new ways for clients to turn a profit by purchasing
cryptocurrencies at a low price and either sitting on those assets to later
sell or swap out into other coins of higher value.
To provide an exchange platform for members who can feel safe and
secure with up to date technology and leading practices.

METAMORPH.PRO IS CONSTANTLY IN
PURSUIT OF NEW TECHNOLOGIES
TO ADVANCE THE FINANCIAL EXPERIENCE FOR OUR CLIENTS.

6

WHAT IS
METAMORPH.PRO
CAPABLE OF

Our platform enables users to sell and purchase cryptocurrencies and
keep it safe and secure in a wallet for holding. During the first year of our
launch, we plan to make our services available Globally.
MetaMorph.pro ensures the safety and security of client funds by
integrating with Shapeshift which utilizes cold storage methodologies,
backed by trust and smart contracts, in which we have very strict rules
and guidelines pertaining to seller selection, thus, providing buyers with
confidence, and trust in our services.
During the first phase of our rollout, MetaMorph.pro will be integrated
to MetaMorph 1.0 and we will build and roll out our exchange from
there. We then plan to have our codebase a lightweight platform built on
the Blockchain platform and integrated into partners such as Shapeshift
and others to handle large transaction volumes.
We believe that our organization can draw large benefits from the many
features that Blockchain technology can offer.

SHORT TERM
TARGETS

ACQUIRING all of the necessary permits and licenses to operate as a
a decentralized exchange within countries in which this sector is heavily
regulated by governmental law.
FOCUS on driving strong and stable user growth, targeting those
users who are already familiar with the functionality of exchanges and
digital wallets as well as those who are just beginning to develop an
interest. We plan on achieving our user growth targets via social media
campaigns.

LONG TERM
GOALS

ACQUIRING a substantial market share in the coin exchange sector;
growing into a fully-fledged platform for exchanging.
INVEST heavily in production and service to ensure that MetaMorph.
pro can provide the best technological platform solutions in today’s
highly competitive industry.
EXPAND business operations globally, solidify our presence and
strong brand awareness in key regions of the world.

7

WHAT ARE
METAMORPH.PRO

INNOVATIONS?
Combining finance with the cryptocurrency
world is a unique and rewarding process.
At MetaMorph.pro we are targeting experienced
professionals as well as newcomers into this field.
To us, security is the most important aspect of
business practices. This is why we integrate
secure platforms into our exchange as well as
smart technologies to provide our clients with
the highest guarantee for secure trading available.
on the market.

8

OUR
UNIQUE
FEATURES
INCLUDE

COIN SWAPPING
We understand purchasing coins traditionally from one exchange to
another exchange takes time and is really only understandable for
experienced traders. We want to have coin swapping our main priortity
to easily allow traders to be able to swap Bitcoin to Ethereum for
example without having to login to two exchanges or move from one
exchange to the other as we have often seen happen in the space.
WALLET
The wallet can send and receive and is able to get funds in from other
account holders on the platform or outside the platform. In addition the
wallet can be used to hold and buy back in when they time is right or
have a way to spend using our debit card integration.
EXCHANGE
Once you purchase a coin or receive a coin, you can then exchange.
This is where we have many coins that you can easily exchange and find
great deals on and you can have a very simple view on what sort of rate
you will get for exchanging your coins.
PORTFOLIO
Our Portfolio graphs allows you to quickly analyse where your digital
assets or investments are mostly tied up and gives you a better
indication on how you would want to spread out to other investments.
BACKUPS
We have nullified the threat of cyber-attacks and hacking threats
thanks to the utilization of cold storage methods. Clients will be able
to use a backup seed set of words and password to be hacker safe.
PERSONALISED FOR YOU
Like darker themes? How about a subtle space background?
MetaMorph.pro.Exchange gives you a personal look with everything
from traditional gray to patterns or customized themes.
REFERRAL PROGRAM
Our referral program is designed to benefit both, invitation senders,
and recipients this will allow users to receive rewards once they recruit
new users to the platform.

9

PERMITS AND
REGULATIONS

Conducting operations of an exchange is vastly different from any
other business practice due to the fact that capital is not only required
to fund growth and trade cycles, but also for regulatory aspects and
requirements.
Because we will be working under Shapeshift skeleton and API program
we will be more or less protected and governed by their platform.
However we are very well aware that whatever regulations are in place
on their end will pretty much dictate how we operate, we will constantly
keep up to date with changes or requirements that come into play on
their end as well as be up to date with local law and global trading
updates to accomodate any possible issues.
Proper licensing is one of the key tasks MetaMorph.pro will be working
towards accomplishing. The team behind MetaMorph.pro perfectly
understands that exchanges are one of the most vulnerable parts of
the cryptocurrency environment. However, MetaMorph.pro expects to
acquire its investor license after the Token sale period.
Although the current crypto coin market is decentralized and does
not yet fall under full governmental regulations. The United States
SEC has expressed plans to regulate ICO’s and cryptocurrencies in
the foreseeable future, while other countries are banning them or
carry a strict disposition.

SERVICES
TO BE
OFFERED

MetaMorph.Pro
Providing a full history of trading, so decisions can be easily made, even
for the most inexperienced traders. With just a few clicks, users will be
able to easy to understand trade options.
Although we greatly value our METM token holders, we want everyone
to have the opportunity to become involved in the early stages of our
exciting, groundbreaking project, and have the opportunity to generate
profits while taking the first steps in the direction towards revolutionizing
the decentralized cryptocurrency exchange market and wallet.

10

SERVICES
TO BE
OFFERED

Exchanges work because people use them to buy and sell their (digital)
assets, and the more traders our exchange has, the more profits will be
made, which means more income goes back to our token holders.
We will provide traders the ability to check portfolio, access wallet,
backup coins and trade.
We will include depicting profits and losses throughout different time
periods, historical graphs analyzing performances and trades.
Coin holders will also have the benefit of being notified each time a
successful trade is placed and can monitor the overall profit ratios
covering various periods.

11

MetaMorph’s
Point of Difference?

12

TOKENSALE
DETAILS

The METM token is a type of digital currency which can and will be
used on other exchange platforms that we get approved on. (and can be
exchanged between Bitcoins, Ethereum, and other digital currencies).
A total of 120 million tokens will be sold, only 200 million tokens will
ever be created.

20 100		 80
MILLION		

MILLION		

MILLION		

tokens will		
during the		
Partners and Advisors		
be sold			
Main Sale		
Project Team
during the					Bounties
Pre-sale					Bonus fund
						

METAMORPH.PRO
TOKEN SALE
DATES & DETAILS

Pre Sale: Up until 27 June
$0.08
Main Sale: 28 June - 14 August
$0.20
Minimum investment 0.1 ETH, 0.01 BTC, 10 WAVES
https://metamorph.pro
Note: No additional METM tokens will ever be minted and the supply
will never increase.
Restrictions:
USA and Chinese Citizens are refrained from participating in the
purchase of METM tokens during the pre-sale and main sale due to
legal restrictions.

13

DISTRIBUTION
DETAILS

OFFERING SIZE
- 20,000,000 METM tokens up for pre-sale.
- 8,000 (Aprox) METM tokens for 1 ETH for the
entire pre-sale.
- 18% of pre-sale funds will go into marketing the main sale including
ongoing branding, banner ads, press releases, social media etc.
- 4% of pre-sale funds will go into the ongoing legal protection,
compliance and any licensing needed to be up to date with Australian law.
- 47% of funds will go into IT infrustructure including any integration costs,
anti-hacking solutions, software, hosting, servers, app costs etc.
- 29% of funds will go into employing blockchain programmers to
ensure we have a state of the art platform.
- 2% remaining will go into unexpected overheads that may arise.
- The number of METM tokens is limited to 120,000,000, only 20,000,000
will be available for this initial pre-sale.
- The other 100,000,000 METM tokens will be sold via main sale

14

ROADMAP

CONCLUSION

The next two years will be rather busy for MetaMorph.pro.
The token sale launch is set for April, followed by expansion
into other areas. Gradually, we will drastically improve the
functionality of the platform to its perfect form by 2019 when we
expect to have a full entrance into the global cryptocurrency
exchange market.
Q2 2018

METM Coin & MetaMorph 1.0

Q3 2018

MetaMorph Demo

Q4 2018

MetaMorph Alpha Stages

Q1 2019

MetaMorph Exchange Beta & Desktop App

Q2 2019

MetaMorph Exchange Mobile & Debit card

Q3 2019

MetaMorph Libraries released

Q4 2019

Mass Adoption

Cryptocurrencies will definitely change the world and MetaMorph.
pro wants to be there when that happens by offering an innovative and
secure platform, where users around the world can securely and easily
exchange assets.
Every day, cryptocurrencies are gaining more and more legitimacy and
the number of countries and companies that are starting to accept them
are also increasing on a daily basis. Services like pizza chains, grocery
stores, gyms, entertainment centers, and even vending machines are
opening up to crypto.
We are living in a period of a financial revolution! Bitcoin and Ethereum
are pioneering the new cryptocurrency era. MetaMorph.pro has the
ability and capability to guide the cryptocurrency market into a new age.
An age which gives both novices and experienced traders a peek into
the future of corporate finance practices. With this token sale and our
passion, we offer you a new business model, that in our vision drastically
changes the world of financial markets so that innovative organizations
can create more value and profits for our token holders.

15

So...

WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR,
LET’S EXCHANGE!
JOIN US ON OUR PATH TOWARDS

A FINANCIAL REVOLUTION

STAY TUNED WITH DEVELOPMENTS OR
TOKEN SALE UPDATES BY VISITING US AT
www.METAMORPH.PRO

