What is MINEX?
MINEX is an investment project, where we are inviting you to participate. Many owners
of mining hardware do not have in-depth understanding of how a particular coin is mined and
rent out their storage. Our team is monitoring a wide range of coins, choosing those which
are the most profitable for mining. We rent and redirect storage considering all aspects and
technical nuances and minimize potential risks, which can arise in the mining. Now we want
to increase our working capital by conducting the ICO campaign. Our project priority is to
assure profesional work for meeting the interests of our investors.

About MINEX team
Our team consists of 2 people, who have worked in crypto industry for a long time. It
was a hobby for us at first, but now it turned into major activity. One of our activity areas is
mining with the use of rented storage. Our expertise and perservance allow us to achieve
successful results in the work we do.

ICO campaign
The ICO will take place at the BitcoinTalk forum from 07.07.17 to 14.07.17. The ICO
will be considered as successful when the amount of 20BTC is reached, otherwise all raised
funds will be sent back. When the funds in the amount of 30BTC* are raised, the ICO will be
considered as finished. All funds raised above this sum will be sent back.
To participate in the ICO, you need to fill out a Google form (address) and transfer
funds to the Bitcoin address that we'll send you. Tokens will be created using Waves platform.
The day after the ICO, we will transfer the tokens to the specified Waves address. There will
be 30 million tokens issued, which then will be distributed among investors (100%).
* The ICO will be ended when the target of 30 BTC is reached, therefore it may end earlier
14.07.17.

Return and return distribution
Two days after the ICO, the MINEX team will start distribute with the investor's funds.
The planned return is at least 10% per month in the light of all the circumstances. The
monthly return distribution will be as follows: 50% will be used to redeem the tokens on the
stock exchange, which will be burnt, 20% will cover the replenishment of the working capital
and the remaining 30% is the remuneration of the MINEX team.
Tokens will be redeemed at the current price on the stock exchange within 3 days
after the announcement of data on return for the previous month. Data on return will be
published on our website.

Roadmap
ICO campaign
Token Distribution
Working with the raised funds
Selling on stock exchanges
Launching the website

FAQ
1. How long will your project last?
We are aiming at the long term.
2. Why are you raising only 30 BTC?
This amount is optimal for working on the rental market.
3. You said the return was10% per month, don't you think it is not enough?
Perhaps you're right, Given the minimum risks, this return is quite good, but we are going to
work to achieve better results.
4. Are you planning to promote your project prior to conducting ICO, for example, by
launching a bounty campaign?
No.
5. Why is your team anonymous?
We are going to conduct our activities anonymously at first. We understand that this may
scare away potential investors, but after much reflection, we have not found the way to
conduct our activities in an open manner. The main reason is that our country has not
determined the legal status of mining and crypto-currencies, which puts our activity at risk.
We also live a calm and relaxed life and do not want to become public figures at this stage.
6. What if you decide to end the project?
If we nd the project, the total amount of working capital will be invoiced for redemption of the
remaining tokens at a price calculated by the formula: the amount of working capital / the
number of not burnt tokens.

7. Why have you opted for Waves platform to create tokens?
- First, we wanted to use etherium platform but recently the etherium network experiences
some problems relating to performance, and we have opted for Waves platform, which is
less popular but it stably works and has future.
8. Are you planning to sell your token on stock exchanges?
- Of course. With this, we'll achieve a twofold result. Firstly, we will provide our investors with
the opportunity to sell their assets if needed. Secondly, we'll implement a mechanism
enabling the redemption of tokens.

