MMOCoin
A cryptocurrency
for gamers, by gamers.
White Paper
v. 1.0

MMOCoin
Introduction
MMOCoin is the newest addition to the growing synergy
between cryptocurrency and online gamers. As technology
continues to innovate and national borders are reduced
to thin lines on a map, online gamers require a fast and
user-friendly way to share their resources. Built on top
of the MMOPro community that boasts a user count of over
250,000, MMOCoin will quickly become the preferred
choice for gamers to trade in an increasingly more globalized and digital world.

1

MMOCoin
History
When video games made their introduction to the world in the 1960s, the
world was captivated by the ability to
interact, to control the lines on a
black and white screen. It was the
first time we could build a narrative,
no matter how derivative, in real
time. Interactive gameplay was born.
The industry exploded with big box arcade games, home gaming consoles, and
handheld gaming devices.

And then, the internet changed everything. Suddenly gamers could interact
with each other. What was once a solo
venture or with a friend in your living
room, quickly became a world-wide sensation. As the speed of the internet increased, innovation took over and
brought us all time greats like StarCraft, RuneScape, World of Warcraft,
League of Legends, just to name a few.

Cryptocurrency was the next phase of
innovation. A currency that no longer
was inhibited by national borders. A
store of value that could be used as a
means of acquiring your every need
without trying to figure out how to
pay someone in Euros when you only
have US Dollars. World-wide gamers
needed a universal way to trade resources to advance their gaming experience. It was a match made in heaven.

2

MMOCoin
Problem Statement
In a world where there are over 2,500 cryptocurrencies in
existence, it’s becoming harder for gamers to exchange
digital currency for the resources they seek. Without a
dedicated currency for gamers, they are left to use investor-centric currencies that are subject to manipulation.
And Currently, there isn’t a cryptocurrency dedicated to
gamers, that is actually used by gamers. Most of these
digital currencies are owned primarily by financial investors who have very little use or care for the purpose of
the product.
Additionally, many of these “gamer coins” are distributed
and managed by non-gamers. It’s like if a professional chef
were to give you medical advise. They may know what they’re
talking about, but wouldn’t you rather hear it from someone
who actually knows? Currently, there is very little personal care and maintenance from those on the front lines on
online gaming.

3

MMOCoin

Solution Statement
MMOPro was founded in 2008, a year before Bitcoin made its
introduction to the world. Founded and maintained by passionate, committed gamers who were looking for a way to
bring other gamers together to share knowledge and resources to improve everyone’s gaming experience.
These same founders have recognized the power of cryptocurrency and decided to create and integrate MMOCoin into
their already 250,000 strong user base. Hiring some of the
smartest minds, MMOPro has built a cryptocurrency by
gamers, for gamers.
With MMOCoin, gamers will be able to buy, sell, and trade
almost anything they need for their gaming experience. With
a single currency, dedicated to gamers, users will be able
to quickly and securely acquire exactly what they need for
their next mission or quest.

4

MMOCoin
MMOPro Marketplace
For years, MMOPro has operated off of a rudimentary
forum structure that allows
users to search out each
other and trade. This
process has served the community well for almost 10
years. However, with the advancement of web development
and cryptocurrency, MMOPro
knew they needed to remodel
their process to keep their
users coming back. Enter the
MMOPro Marketplace. A fully
developed user experience
that could rival the likes
of Ebay.
The easy to use interface will
make finding exactly what
gamers need easier than ever
before. Broken down by game,
there are categories and subcategories to locate exactly
what each user is in need of.
With the creation of MMOCoin,
the MMOPro Marketplace will
have a dedicated payment option that users can use. With
a built-in Escrow Service, the
chances a user is scammed out
of their purchase is virtually
zero. This is the next step in
customer experience gamers
have been looking for.

5

MMOCoin
Features
MMOCoin was written in the
Script Algorithm. Created as
a Proof-of-Work (Pow) and
Proof-of-Stake (PoS) hybrid.
The release of MMOCoins into
circulation are first mined
during the initial 2,000
blocks (see right).
After Block 2,000, MMOCoins
unique Tiered Staking takes
over. This structure ensures
a slow, steady release of
coins into circulation. It is
set up to reward those who have chosen to take on the
highest ownership commitment (or risk) with the highest
rewards.
Masternodes were an option that was considered by the
team. However, staying true to the vision of MMOCoin,
maintaining maximum liquidity was important to foster a
industry-specific utility coin.

6

MMOCoin
Contact Information
MMOCoin Email: mmoprodotorg@gmail.com
Website: https://mmocoin.pro
Community: https://www.mmopro.org/mmocoin/
GitHub: https://github.com/MMO-Coin/mmocoin

Social Media
Twitter: https://twitter.com/MMOProOfficial
Discord: https://discord.gg/YFeaU9P
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/MMOProDotOrg/
Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCl9Uf3cPvzPZW3BkoRnUloQ/
Telegram: https://t.me/mmoproofficial
Bitcointalk: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=3199047

7

