IDEAS AREN’T ENOUGH:

Does Your Credit Union Practice
Executable Innovation?

SETTING THE STAGE FOR INNOVATION
The landscape for Canadian businesses is evolving rapidly, driven in large part by
technological advances and consumers’ growing demands for new options. From touch ID
and voice commands to blockchain and digital currencies, the pace of change in the financial
services industry has accelerated, introducing both more choice for consumers and more
complexity for all businesses, including financial institutions and credit unions.
The speed, scope and power of new technologies are improving how and what financial
services are doing, making transformation a critical component to meet market demand and
stay competitive. The status quo is clearly unsustainable and Canadian credit unions realize
the value of being ahead of change: approximately 92 percent of financial and professional
services organization decision makers say they are either undergoing or anticipate a business
transformation in the next 12 months, according to MNP’s survey: The Transformation
Wave: Change and Technology in Financial and Professional Services.* That’s higher than the
national industry average of 84 percent.
In the survey results, 54 percent of leaders said technology was driving change in their
organizations and 93 percent indicated that technology advancement was underway at their
organization. However, 95 percent said they face barriers to successfully implementing a
transformation initiative.
As the results show, credit unions are far from being immune to the wave of innovation and
transformation. Many are grappling with understanding what they need to change, how
they are going to implement that change and how to make it work for the organization and
its members.

DRIVERS OF TRANSFORMATION IN FINANCIAL SERVICES SECTOR
Q: What are the primary external forces behind the business transformation change? (select all)
Financial and Professional Services

All Industries

54%
45% 43%

41% 40% 39%
24%

26%
21%
14%

Technology

Consumer /
Market Demand

Competitive
Forces

Environmental
or Regulatory
Change

16%

Millennial
(Generational)
Influences

15%

13%

15%

Foreign Markets Natural / Cyclical

18%

13%

Merger or
Acquisition

* The Transformation Wave: Change and Technology in Financial and Professional Services reflects the opinions of 1,200 Canadian business decision makers polled
online by Ipsos, between September 25 and October 4, 2017.

IDEAS AREN’T ENOUGH: DOES YOUR CREDIT UNION PRACTICE EXECUTABLE INNOVATION?

2

BUILDING BLOCKS OF INNOVATION
Technological innovation is about harnessing available technology appropriately for
profitability and meeting consumer needs, in traditional environments and the digital era.
While disruptive technology is the impetus for transformation for many organizations, the
technologies they are using to facilitate and accelerate transformation are mostly tactical,
improving existing products and services; operational, i.e. fundamentally changing the
way things are done; and / or strategic, changing the direction of the business, rather than
disruptive.

CHANGE IN EVERY WAY
Q: Is your business currently experiencing or anticipating business transformations over the next 12 months? YES
Financial and Professional Services

73%

67%

All Industries

75%

67%

80%

65%

Tactical

Operational

Strategic

Doing what you are currently
doing, better, faster or cheaper

Doing what you are currently doing
but in a fundamentally different way

Changing the course or
direction of company

From the MNP survey results, it is clear the majority of Canadian financial and professional
services organizations (92 percent) are undergoing at least one type of transformation,
while half (54 percent) are undergoing all three types; tactical, operational and strategic.
What we can learn is that without effective change, credit unions stand to lose out to the
competition. This competition has intensified to include fintechs and growing online options
– all which benefit from much more efficient and less costly cloud-based technologies.

IDEAS AREN’T ENOUGH: DOES YOUR CREDIT UNION PRACTICE EXECUTABLE INNOVATION?

3

BUILDING AN EXECUTABLE
INNOVATION FRAMEWORK
To remain relevant, competitive and provide the
services members demand, forward-thinking credit
unions are actively working towards change, starting
with assessing their culture and operations.
Once culture and operations are assessed, an
executable innovation framework requires three key
functional capabilities to be in place and working
together to be successful: generating great ideas,
executing the concepts and integrating new ideas with
the overall business.

IDEAS

EXECUTION

GENERATING GREAT IDEAS

INTEGRATION

A mature organization is able to look at the landscape
where they operate, develop a portfolio of new ideas
and approaches and then effectively filter them down
to the best options to remain competitive and relative to their users.

IDEAS

Strategy and goal setting - Many falter in bringing innovation to fruition because they
don’t know what’s important to their credit union and to their members. Before adopting a
solution, know what the problem is and what you want to achieve.
Analytics and research – By compiling and analyzing data, both organizational and of your
members, you can determine what areas of innovation there are, where there are gaps and
what are the key areas to invest in.
Idea generation – Take a look at what’s happening around you, as an organization and as a
member. What are the challenges facing both? What do members want and need? Avoid
the trap of only focusing on competitors - learn from other industries.
Screening and prioritization – Filter out what is applicable to your credit union and rate
them on a scale of importance to your organization and your members.
Critically, remember ideas take time and are best captured with a stress-free and creative
mindset: if the team is occupied with operations during this stage it will be hard to be creative.

STRATEGY AND GOAL SETTING

ANALYTICS AND RESEARCH
IDEA GENERATION
SCREENING AND
PRIORITIZATION

IDEAS AREN’T ENOUGH: DOES YOUR CREDIT UNION PRACTICE EXECUTABLE INNOVATION?

4

EXECUTING THE CONCEPTS
Once you’ve determined priorities for innovation, you need to be able to go out and execute
on them. While there are a number of processes available to enable the delivery of innovation,
we find the following components are essential to execution.

EXECUTION

Program Management – Overseeing the big picture, which includes a strategic, corporate
execution of a number of related projects at the same time (executive driven).
Project Management- Being able to execute against the project with a defined methodology,
directing, monitoring and controlling a project from launch to completion (mid-management
driven).
Vendor and Partner Management - Need to be able to draw in your vendors and strategic
partners to support execution, either by forming joint ventures or service organizations, or
through bringing in external consultants or integrators. In the credit union context, it’s also
about where you use the ‘system’ nationally or provincially to make that happen.
Development Team Capabilities - Project management capabilities, effective partner
relationships and staff on hand to do the programing, development and implementation are
key to success in executing innovation.
It is important to first assess your requirements before committing to a process or solution
that can support execution. While programs are available to support execution of innovation,
technology is the enabler and not the solution to the problem!

IDEAS AREN’T ENOUGH: DOES YOUR CREDIT UNION PRACTICE EXECUTABLE INNOVATION?

5

INTEGRATING NEW IDEAS

INTEGRATION

Even game-changing capability won’t get off the ground if internal and external
stakeholders aren’t engaged and it isn’t integrated into the business in a holistic manner.
For example, a credit union may invest heavily in building a new app only to have it languish
because neither employees nor members understand, need or use it.
A decade ago, IT departments were technology investments, often without addressing
business needs or consumer demands. Such investments tended to be costly and
unsuccessful. Currently, a chief operating officer or marketing officer uses a consumer
focus to direct technology transformation initiatives, with IT being the enabler rather
than the leader. To ensure new technology is integrated and fully adopted throughout the
organization, keep these critical areas in mind:
Management control systems – Make sure your organization has the ability to measure the
tools being used, how and by whom.
Continuous improvement – Ensure there’s a cycle to get feedback and then use the
feedback to make iterative changes.
Staff capabilities – Engage, coach and mentor your staff to ensure strong capabilities to
take on these new applications.
Member / customer acceptance – Monitor and track user acceptance of the innovation.
While the above areas are critical to integrating new ideas, the most important anchor for
success is culture and leadership.

CORNERSTONES OF SUCCESS
Anchoring the functional capabilities of transformative innovation are the functional
attributes of an organization, i.e. culture and leadership. You can have all the above elements
in place but if your culture has no appetite for risk and the leadership isn’t engaged, then no
one will want to participate in this process.

Culture
Ask yourself the following questions about your credit union’s culture:
Empowerment - Does your staff feel comfortable bringing new ideas forward, do they feel
like owners of processes that are being improved or ideas being generated?

CULTURE

Risk Taking – Do you have a culture of encouraging smart risk taking; do people have license
to fail, try new things?
Accountability - Is there accountability? Are staff being held accountable for decisions
being made by them?

Leadership
Sound governance and effective leadership over the change process is essential to deliver
any innovation.
Governance - The board plays a vital role in setting the tone of the credit union and its
desire to innovate.

LEADERSHIP

Management – Accountable for delivery, ensuring risk and resource optimization. Also,
performs the hands-on work required to facilitate transformation, understanding key
objectives and ensuring all the moving parts are meeting expectations, deadlines and budgets.

IDEAS AREN’T ENOUGH: DOES YOUR CREDIT UNION PRACTICE EXECUTABLE INNOVATION?

6

EXECUTABLE INNOVATION: A SUMMARY
Innovative credit unions share several key components. They have an ability to anticipate
or shape where their markets are heading, then act on it. They fill previously unmet or
underserved member needs, boosting their member base and taking market share. However,
this only happens if credit unions can generate and prioritize ideas, execute on concepts and
integrate ideas into the business successfully.

EXECUTABLE
INNOVATION
is your ability to
“get it done”

Successful organizations never stop innovating, implementing continuous improvement
at both the incremental and transformative level, and learning from mistakes to build
something better. For credit unions, core products such as accounts and credit cards are
becoming commodities traded by lower-cost providers and non-bank competitors such as
Google, Facebook and Amazon - which have more information about your members and
what they need than you do.

FOUNDATIONAL ATTRIBUTES

KEY FUNCTIONAL CAPABILITIES

The key to success for a credit union is establishing how to undergo effective transformation
while staying true to your core values as a member-owned cooperative financial institution.
This includes engaging with both internal and external stakeholders and prioritizing
innovations that will most benefit the credit union and your members.

IDEATION

EXECUTION

INTEGRATION

Strategy & Goal Setting

Program Management

Management Control Systems

Analytics & Research

Project Management

Continuous Improvement

Idea Generation

Vendor & Partner Management

Staff Capabilities

Screening & Prioritization

Dev Team Capabilities

Member/Customer Acceptance

Risk-Taking

Accountability

CULTURE
Empowerment

LEADERSHIP
Governance

Management

IDEAS AREN’T ENOUGH: DOES YOUR CREDIT UNION PRACTICE EXECUTABLE INNOVATION?

7

ARE YOU READY TO EXECUTE INNOVATION?
TAKE THE TEST
One way to understand where there are possible barriers to transformation is assessing
gaps in your credit union’s capacities. While not a methodology for execution, the following
scenarios can help you understand your strengths and weaknesses.
 know there are many things changing, but you’re not sure what’s important to
You
your organization and members.
 have trouble getting an idea from management or board approval
You
operationalized into branches.
 come up with what you think is a really good solution, but it’s not embraced by
You
the team so not impactful to members.
If you checked the box on any of the above, you likely have critical gaps in executable
innovation capabilities. And you aren’t the only one: an overwhelming number of business
leaders in Canada – 96 per cent, according to MNP’s Transformation Survey - reported they
contracted external services to anticipate or react to the forces of change.

MNP’s team is here to help you with the missing pieces in executing innovation within your credit union.
To request a full self-assessment of your credit union’s gaps in executing innovation or for more information
on how MNP can help, contact:
Annette Bester
National Leader Credit Unions
T: 306.664.8327
E: annette.bester@mnp.ca

Doug Macdonald
Credit Union Consulting Leader
T: 416.596.1711
E: doug.macdonald@mnp.ca

ABOUT MNP
MNP is a leading national accounting, tax and business consulting firm for Canada’s
Credit Unions. We have invested more time and resources into understanding credit
unions and their dynamic landscape than any other firm. Proudly serving more than
more than 135 credit union across Canada, MNP has developed a diverse suite of
services designed to strengthen credit union leadership, knowledge and financial
position. By delivering personalized solutions from a local perspective, MNP is
committed to helping credit unions succeed across the country.

IDEAS AREN’T ENOUGH: DOES YOUR CREDIT UNION PRACTICE EXECUTABLE INNOVATION?

8

