Foundation

The MOAC Platform:
Advancing Performance with Layered Multi-Blockchain
Architecture For Enhanced Smart Contracting
April 17, 2018

Xinle Yang1, Xiaohu David Chen1, Sha Zhou1 , Ryan Wang1

1.MOAC Foundation

ABSTRACT
The MOAC foundation (MOAC) has released a next generation blockchain platform. With a
pioneering Multi-Blockchain architecture, MOAC not only addresses the performance and cost
issues with existing blockchain systems, including Bitcoin and Ethereum, but also introduces new
features that minimize the barrier to entry for developers, users, businesses, and the entirety of
the blockchain ecosystem. The new platform achieves this by using a layered Multi-Blockchain
architecture, blockchain sharding, MicroChain, Smart Contracts, and Cross-Chain capabilities.
The underlying architecture of the MOAC Platform is a Multi-Blockchain consisting of a global
primary blockchain, MotherChain, and additional MicroChains. Using blockchain sharding technology, a MicroChain functions as a child blockchain within the platform that operates above the
global MotherChain, and is responsible for Smart Contracts management. MicroChains also
enable high volume transactions using a variety of consensus systems. Consensus system is an
agreement system that provides accountability and verification of transactions.
The platform’s advanced layered Multi-blockchain architecture increases overall transaction
processing speeds up to 100x faster (TPS) than existing blockchain platforms. Meanwhile, MicroChains enhance token concurrency rates up to 10,000 times, for a truly scalable solution.
MicroChains significantly reduce the cost of smart contract operations and allow developers to
rapidly test different application and service ideas. MOAC’s MicroChains are able to interconnect
with all other non- MOAC blockchains using Cross-Chain capabilities. This allows both users and
their decentralized applications (DApps) to migrate easily to the MOAC Platform, with no prior
blockchain knowledge. It also provides a decentralized file storage solution which is currently
missing from other major blockchains.
MOAC incentivizes mining as well as rewards for the entire ecosystem. The MotherChain uses a
proven Proof of Work (PoW) model, similar to Ethereum, so that miners and mining pools have
opportunities to participate in mining the MotherChain. The MOAC Platform provides additional
MicroChain mining and validation and provides mechanisms for mining from mobile devices,
including smart phones.
By reducing the barrier to entry for both mobile users and server farms, the MOAC Platform offers
a truly scalable ecosystem for developers and their Smart Contracts, enabling developers to
create innovative DApps with lower operating costs, enhanced capabilities, and improved performance without a reduction in security.

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

1

TABLE OF CONTENTS
ABSTRACT

1

TABLE OF CONTENTS

2

INTRODUCTION
• Problem Statement
• A Multi-Blockchain Solution: The MOAC Platform

3

THE MOAC PLATFORM
• MotherChain : The Proof of Work Blockchain
• Smart Contracts As MicroChains
• MicroChains for Variable Consensus Systems
• MicroChains As A Service
• Asynchronous Smart Contracts
• Blockchain Sharding
• Cross-Chain Ready
• Event Handling
• Mining
• Wallet and Payment System
• API
• Security

5

ECOSYSTEM
• Community
• DApp Developer Beneﬁts
• Exchanges
• Tokens
• MOAC Coin Market Capitalization
• Governance

16

AVAILABILITY
• Product Evolution and Roadmap

23

TEAM AND HISTORY
• Corporate Proﬁle
• Team

24

APPENDICES
• Appendix A: Disclaimer
• Appendix B: List of Terms

26

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

2

INTRODUCTION
Blockchain technology, cryptocurrencies, and Smart Contracts have the
potential to change how developers build decentralized applications (DApps)
and are already changing how the world conducts business.
Since the introduction of Bitcoin in 2008, blockchain technology as a
cryptocurrency has established itself as a decentralized ledger of record for
digital ﬁnancial transactions as a store of value. Bitcoin functions using a single
decentralized consensus model to provide transaction veriﬁcation and security
without a centralized monetary authority.
See https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf to read more.
In 2015, platforms like Ethereum made the concept of Smart Contracts and
DApps popular. A Smart Contract is a computer program that directly controls
the transfer of digital currencies or value based assets between parties under
certain party or developer deﬁned programmatic conditions.
Read more at https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Paper .
A “DApp” is a decentralized application that does not rely on a central server to
function, and instead relies on peer-to-peer (P2P) networks similar to
BitTorrent, Napster, and Kazaa to interconnect. P2P networks preserve optimal
data transfer from multiple sources. Smart Contracts and DApps both use the
blockchain for processing and storing data, as well as providing additional
computing functionality. This is unlike Bitcoin, a ﬁrst generation blockchain,
which is purely transactional.
Since the creation of Bitcoin, blockchain technology (i.e., platforms and
cryptocurrencies) has evolved in the hope of expanding function, performance,
security, and scalability. By solving these system challenges, user adoption will
rise, satisfying innumerable business use cases.

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

3

This paper will outline groundbreaking solutions that combine existing
blockchain best practices with new scalable Multi-Blockchain technologies that
signiﬁcantly advance Smart Contracting. This is not a theoretical paper and all of
the intellectual property in this paper is in development, in testing, and will soon
be in production.

PROBLEM STATEMENT
Existing technologies and blockchain platforms suffer from steep learning
curves, unnecessary complexity, and high usage fees - all of which impact
adoption and scalability. Existing platforms have low performance
transactions-per-second (TPS), ﬁxed consensus models, and are not able
to quickly adapt to the ever growing needs of developers. Currently,
mining in the blockchain community is highly centralized and doesn’t
properly incentivize new users and interested consumers due to
complexity and the cost of required hardware.
These blockchain platforms are also alienated from each other and unable
to communicate effectively with other cryptocurrencies, Smart Contracts,
and blockchain systems. This has created a highly segregated blockchain
marketplace, separating platforms, technology, user-base, and industry.
It is currently extremely challenging
even for experienced technical
developers to build new blockchains.
To make matters even more
complicated, most blockchains are
difﬁcult to upgrade, and split
participation inefﬁciently between
users.

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

4

A MULTI-BLOCKCHAIN SOLUTION:

THE MOAC PLATFORM
The Silicon Valley based MOAC foundation (MOAC), has addressed the
primary inefﬁciencies of existing blockchain platforms by developing a
Multi-Blockchain platform. The MOAC Platform uses an advanced layered
architecture that lowers DApp developer costs, provides for scalability,
and reduces development complexity while increasing transaction speeds
and volume using sharding. MOAC leverages Multi-Blockchain within its
platform, including MotherChain (a Proof of Work based blockchain) and
MicroChains for Smart Contracts supporting multiple consensus models.
The MOAC Platform also has Cross-Chain capabilities to interconnect
MicroChains within the system and to interconnect with 3rd party
non-MOAC blockchain and cryptocurrencies.

THE MOAC PLATFORM
By separating balance transfer and Smart Contracts, the platform’s advanced
layered Multi-blockchain architecture increases overall transaction
processing speeds up to 100x faster (TPS) than Ethereum. The MOAC
architecture is overviewed below, consisting of MotherChain , an event
handling system, Smart Contracts as MicroChains , blockchain sharding,
Cross-Chain capabilities, security, and an API.

MOTHERCHAIN :
THE PROOF OF WORK BLOCKCHAIN
- an intersystem
MotherChain - not to be confused with MOAC - describes
Proof of Work blockchain that handles data storage and compute processing for Smart Contracts and DApps.

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

5

A Proof of Work (PoW) algorithm is an economic measure to deter and
ultimately prohibit third-party interference, including denial of service
attacks and other service and network abuse such as spam. By requiring
some work from the service requester, usually equating to committed
processing time by a computer for completing speciﬁc processing tasks,
erroneous system threats are eliminated.
On the MOAC Platform, MotherChain is the public blockchain layer that
processes balance transfers, blockchain operation, consensus, and data
access. The platform also supports other consensus models using MicroChains.
.

SMART CONTRACTS AS MICROCHAINS
MOAC is one of the ﬁrst blockchain solutions to implement a unique
MicroChain per Smart Contract, providing for efﬁciency and scalability
beyond existing solutions.
The MOAC Platform uses MicroChains to separate processing tasks and
isolate blockchain functions from business logic for each individual smart
contract. By providing each Smart Contract with its own unique MicroChain, it enables Smart Contracts to use a variety of consensus protocols
and results in a wider range of potential business logic use cases. Developers have the freedom to select the consensus protocol that best ﬁts
their use case and determine the number of nodes allocated to a speciﬁc
Smart Contract. All the states of the Smart Contract are saved inside the
local MicroChain and can write data to the MotherChain as needed for
ﬁnality.

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

6

MICROCHAINS FOR VARIABLE
CONSENSUS SYSTEMS
With the ability to have MicroChains in a layer above the MotherChain,
each MicroChain can have its own unique consensus system and algorithm.
For example, you could create a MicroChain which uses a Proof of Stake
consensus model speciﬁcally for scalable rapid high volume transactions.
A Proof of Stake (POS) is a type of algorithm by which a cryptocurrency
blockchain network aims to achieve distributed consensus.
Instead of processing large amounts of data like a strictly Proof of Work
blockchain, a Proof of Stake blockchain relies on validator nodes within a
network to verify transactions. In Proof of Stake blockchains, the creator

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

7

of the next sequential block is chosen by randomized algorithms based on
a combination of factors such as wealth or age (I.e., the stake).
The advantage of a Proof of Stake system is that it is fully scalable for
enterprise-level volume, is energy efﬁcient, and supports variable transactions. It also increases veriﬁcation capacity proportional to the number
of nodes on the network, and enables microtransactions within DApp
MicroChains without having to constantly access the MotherChain.
In addition to Proof of Stake and Proof of Work blockchains, the MOAC
Platform can also support additional plug-and-play consensus systems
such as Proof of Activity, Proof of Burn, Proof of Elapsed Time, etc.

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

8

MICROCHAINS AS A SERVICE
Since MicroChains are isolated, they can run a variety of virtual machines
for Smart Contracting on a per instance basis. This enables MicroChains
to initiate a wide range of business logic and DApp use cases. In addition,
it enables the use of different ﬁle systems such as IPFS, sensor networks
for data storage, and MicroChains can even be implemented by artiﬁcial
intelligence.

Since DApps are deployed in a developer-selected virtual machine, they
do not require additional programming. MOAC can run existing Ethereum Smart Contracts with lower fees, and developers can leverage the
platform’s API to expand existing Smart Contract functionality without
having to learn how to program the blockchain.
By isolating each Smart Contract with its own unique virtual machine and
MicroChain, the MOAC Platform boosts Smart Contracting efﬁciency,
allowing for more cost effective processing fees. This signiﬁcantly lowers

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

9

the cost of deployment for developers, and enables them to build high
transaction volume based DApps.

ASYNCHRONOUS SMART CONTRACTS
Using Multi-Blockchain architecture, the platform leverages Asynchronous Smart Contracts with MicroChains to accelerate DApp development and deployment. This advanced architecture design also extends
the functionality of Solidity and Ethereum Smart Contracts.
The MOAC Platform supports two types of Smart Contracts:
1. An Upper Layer Smart Contract is a protocol based contract for deﬁning consensus systems within a MicroChain. MicroChain Smart Contracts also enable nodes to register into mining pools.
2. A Lower Layer MotherChain Global Smart Contract deﬁnes the behavior of the control ﬂows of multiple MicroChains including ﬂushing,
rewarding miners, and how to punish bad actors. It provides a ﬂexible
environment enabling DApps to use different kinds of virtual machines
including Ethereum, Java (JVM), and other developer- selected virtual
machines.

BLOCKCHAIN SHARDING
The MOAC Platform also provides blockchain sharding, a feature to
horizontally partition data across multiple blockchains and nodes. Existing
blockchain solutions are inefﬁcient and process the same task multiple
times which degrades system performance. Sharding helps by using a
node based approach, providing more processing power proportional to
the number of nodes in the network.

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

10

When smart contracts are deployed developers will deﬁne the number of
service nodes, a consensus protocol, block size, block generation time, and
ﬂush frequency. This will then form a shard and provide a byzantine fault
tolerant solution for that smart contract, which then forms a
MicroChain.
Learn more at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Byzantine_fault_tolerance .

This is very similar to database sharding, however blockchain sharding is a
type of blockchain partitioning that separates very large blockchain nodes
into smaller, faster, and more easily managed shards.
By using this solution, the platform is able to scale more effectively,
signiﬁcantly increasing transactions-per-second (TPS) by extending the
network with more nodes. Sharding subdivides the whole network into
multiple shards, and as long as there are sufﬁcient nodes in each shard, the
system is still highly secure. This allows for secure processing of parallel

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

11

transactions, further increasing the number of transactions-per-second
(TPS) over existing blockchain solutions.

CROSS-CHAIN READY
Cross-Chain functionality enables MOAC to interact with a variety of
blockchain systems within the platform as well as externally to 3rd party
blockchains and cryptocurrencies.

The MOAC Platform is able to swap blocks and data between multiple
blockchains and use atomic swap based Cross-Chains. Cross-Chains are a
trust based system for atomically swapping cryptocurrencies in a single
transaction between various blockchains and cryptocurrencies.
The MOAC Platform offers two types of Cross-Chains:

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

12

1. Cross-Chains between MicroChains and blockchains within
the MOAC Platform
2. Atomic swap cross-chain transactions with other non-MOAC
blockchain systems like Bitcoin and Ethereum

EVENT HANDLING
Above the distributed network layer of the MotherChain is an Event
Handling system for network event requests and replies. It also processes
control ﬂow requests and can invoke Smart Contract related operations.
The event handling system relays transaction calls between multiple
layers within the platform multi-directionally, and is primarily used for all
balance transfers, global Smart Contract control, ﬂushing, and other
consensus related messaging.

MINING
Mining is the process by which transactions are veriﬁed. It is the means
through which new MOAC coins are released and rewarded to miners for
the results of their computing processing power and storage.
The MOAC Platform has two types of mining:
1. MicroChain Mining
The upper layer of the MOAC Platform where a node veriﬁes
transactions for smart contracts and other consensus systems.
Each node is rewarded for processing Smart Contracts and
verifying transactions. Mining for MicroChains will be
rewarded with MOAC tokens and tokens associated with that
speciﬁc MicroChain.

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

13

2. MotherChain Mining
The lower layer is the Proof of Work MotherChain, which is the
foundational layer for data processing and storage. Mining on the
MotherChain functions similarly to Ethereum, and existing ETH
miners can easily switch to MOAC. Mining for the MotherChain
is how miners can earn the MOAC cryptocurrency.

WALLET AND PAYMENT SYSTEM
The MOAC Platform features a fully functional wallet protocol. This
enables MOAC to work with a variety of 3rd party wallet solutions. Any
wallet compatible with the MOAC protocol will work smoothly with the
platform.
In addition, MOAC is working with the developer community to develop
multiple open source web and desktop wallets which will work on the web,
Windows, Mac, iOS, and Android.

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

14

API
The platform API provides a quick start for DApp developers by providing
easy access points for DApps to access blockchain speciﬁc functions
without having to know the speciﬁcs of blockchain implementation. This
enables developers to build complex applications by simply calling those
functions from the MOAC Platform.

SECURITY
MOAC prioritizes security ﬁrst. When developing the platform, the
MOAC team reviewed the security settings and measures of all major
blockchain systems in order to utilize the best practices in the market.
During their audit of existing blockchain security, they found several
vulnerabilities in existing blockchain solutions and were able to predict
several exploits which have been patched in The MOAC Platform.
When code is committed to the platform there is a thorough security
review process in place to comply with all OWASP Top 10 security
vulnerability measures. The MOAC team - in partnership with other high
proﬁle security organizations - has also prepared counter measures and
solutions to address common and future attacks. MOAC routinely
employs contracted blackhat and whitehat security ﬁrms to analyze the
platform for vulnerabilities.
MOAC will also be issuing a bounty program for exploits and bugs making
it more proﬁtable for hackers to inform on security issues instead of
attempting to ransom users. Meanwhile, the platform’s intelligently
designed architecture isolates each MicroChain, limiting the potential
attack capabilities on each Smart Contract.

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

15

ECOSYSTEM
COMMUNITY
At the core of the MOAC Platform are the users that power it, the
developers who create DApps, the end-users who use those DApps, and
the miners and node operators who keep the network running gracefully.
MOAC will be providing an extensive wiki, tutorials, a glossary of terms,
white papers, a knowledge base, help desk, and other user resources, and
is committed to staying actively engaged with user communities on
Telegram, Facebook, Twitter, and other social media platforms.

P
The MOAC Platform
can be deployed onto all major operating systems
such as Windows, Mac OS and Linux/UNIX. The ﬁrst ofﬁcial MOAC client
is written in Golang and other languages will be developed in the future.

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

16

The community includes DApp Labs to encourage developer testing and
experimentation, enabling developers to test DApps in isolation before
releasing them to the public network. A testnet is available and the MOAC
explorer can be found on http:/ /explorer.moac.io/home.
Beyond Cross-Chain capabilities that enable interconnectivity with other
blockchains and cryptocurrencies, the platform also runs on a
foundational P2P distributev network. By using a P2P network, the
platform is able to provide a distributed network for DApps to interact
with each other.
The P2P network is the underlying layer of communication between any
singular or grouped nodes running the same protocol. A node in this use
case refers to a client that is sharing blocks and transactions across the
network. Nodes communicate by sending messages using RLPx, an
encrypted and authenticated transport protocol.

DAPP DEVELOPER BENEFITS

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

17

• Quality of Service
DApps will run more efﬁciently on the MOAC Platform when
compared with other platforms. Since Ethereum is limited by its
scalability and transactions-per-second, it inherently cannot handle
large transactions and computation volume. That is why a simple
game like CryptoKitties caused a trafﬁc jam in the entire Ethereum
network. A similar jam caused as a result of 10 apps or 100 apps
running together on Ethereum could be even more catastrophic.
Learn more at http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-42237162

Y

Y
Y
Y

NA

NA

NA

NA

Y
Y
Y
100,000
Y

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

18

• Cost
It is very costly to run a Smart Contract or DApp on Ethereum. Each
transaction initiated or triggered by the Smart Contract requires a
certain amount of gas. The average amount of gas per transaction is
very high, which means the cost per transaction is very high. If some
Smart Contracts trigger many transactions, that means the
developers or users of the Smart Contract must pay a lot of
currency, crypto or otherwise, to maintain the DApp.
The MOAC Platform boasts lower-layer transaction costs at 1/10th
the cost of Ethereum, and the upper layer contract calls are free.
SMART CONTRACT

Default Block Gas Limit

9,000,000

8,000,000

Transaction Fee

1,000

21,000

Global Contract Call

100,000-200,000

100,000-200,000

Direct Contract Call

NO FEE

N/A

BOND

CONFIGURABLE

N/A

DEPLOY

Pay Gas Fee to
VNODE

Pay Gas Fee

MAINTENANCE

MicroChain owner
pay rewards to SCS

NO FEE

USER

NO FEE

Pay Gas Fee

CONSENSUS

Flexible at MicroChain,
POW at MotherChain

POW

• Flexibility and Simplicity
Most DApps only have their transaction logic in Ethereum, while the
rest of the logic and components are “off-the-chain” solutions,relying on traditional server and databases, making them
centralized systems. By contrast, DApps deployed on the MOAC
Platform maintain decentralization. MOAC also provides upper
layer MicroChains for CPU computation, GPU computation, ﬁle
storage, databases, and many other services, while maintaining a
decentralized structure.

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

19

• Cross-Chain
The MOAC Platform is the only blockchain platform available with
Cross-Chain capabilities.
Now developers can switch between tokens within speciﬁc DApps
and are not limited to any speciﬁc platform or technology. Any
Bitcoin, Ethereum, or other cryptocurrency user will be able to
interact with MOAC DApps without going back and forth between
exchanges. Without MOAC, a user cannot easily process a
transaction between Bitcoin and Ethereum. Unfortunately, each
existing blockchain system is like an island, without any bridges
between them.
Imagine a world where every website and mobile app is unable to
communicate via the internet and IoT we know today. MOAC
Cross-Chain technology makes connectivity possible, a potential
yet to be realized in the market with promising high-impact use
cases in the future.

EXCHANGES
The exchange is a decentralized exchange (DEX) for swapping various
cryptocurrencies with no centralized server or 3rd party authority governance. It is instead governed by a decentralized system.
Within the platform, a MicroChain can be deployed to provide the foundation of the DEX. In addition, a MicroChain based DEX could be developed
to gather trade information, match buyers and sellers, and provide the
decentralized atomic swap for users. MicroChain can implement
Cross-Chain consensus protocols and can provide miners access to both.

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

20

The Cross-Chain consensus protocol utilizes unique features of the platform to create hash-and-time-locked transactions. A MicroChain will provide the atomic swap function for exchange between the MOAC Platform
and external blockchain tokens. Similar MicroChains can be deployed to
enable the exchange between MOAC coins, BTC, ETH or LTC.
A user holds all coins in his wallet via DEX until a successful swap happens.
Unlike a centralized exchange, the user beneﬁts with a reduced risk of the
coins being stolen. All DEX exchange information is public and available to
all, thus mitigating fake orders, and providing for a healthier marketplace.

TOKENS
MOAC’s Smart Contract system is fully compatible with Ethereum’s EVM
system, supporting ERC20 and ERC721 token standards.

MOAC COIN MARKET CAPITALIZATION
There are currently 56 million MOAC coins in circulation, with an
additional 94 million in reserve for a total supply of 150 million MOAC
coins. The for-proﬁt entity holds 31 million coins, and the MOAC
foundation holds 63 million. 31 million is funding the ongoing MultiBlockchain development. The value of each MOAC coin ﬂuctuates daily,
and can be found at CoinMarketcap.com.
Learn more at https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/moac/
6 million additional coins per year will be generated during mining, further
increasing the supply in circulation. After 4 years, the production will halve

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

21

to 3 million, then will halve again the following 4 years. The total supply will
be 210 million coins by 2058.

GOVERNANCE
MOAC Blockchain Tech, Inc. (MOAC) will eventually be managed by the
MOAC Foundation, a cooperative not-for-proﬁt organization, founded in
Singapore. The MOAC Foundation is the entity responsible for efﬁcient
use of funds resulting from any token sales from the MOAC Reserve.
Responsibility for all platform development (including development of
applications and associated services), ongoing maintenance, and support
(including public educational content for the community) is provided by
the MOAC Foundation.
The MOAC Foundation’s vision is to interconnect and grow blockchain
markets through harmony, accessibility, and ease of use.
MOAC Blockchain Tech, Inc. is a registered for-proﬁt U.S. entity with
executive ofﬁces in Palo Alto, California and extended development teams
in Beijing, China.
MOAC Platform
Implementation and Deployment

Public Network

Pangu Release - April 1, 2018

Smart P2P Network

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

22

AVAILABILITY
PRODUCT EVOLUTION AND ROADMAP

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

23

TEAM AND HISTORY
MOAC Foundation. (MOAC) is comprised of cross-industry and multicultural
blockchain leaders from ﬁnance, digital, software, and emerging tech markets,
such as VR/AR.
The team’s chairman, Sha Zhou, has been a critical part of transformative economic change in Beijing, China, authoring books on blockchain and big data, and
is highly revered by China’s elite. His partner, blockchain inﬂuencer and designer
of MotherChain, CEO David Chen, is a 20+ year silicon valley veteran and also
the ex-CTO and founder of Jingtum (physical asset tokenization technology
platform). Xinle Yang, MOAC’s CTO, leads the ongoing development of the company’s highly disruptive blockchain platform. He was the scientist and engineer
responsible for Nike’s e-commerce platforms which accounted for
$11B of the company’s yearly revenue.
Together, the team has gained market wide acclaim, brought MOAC product
lines into reality with international tech patents, and successfully raised 7M USD
in ICO.

CORPORATE PROFILE

Year Founded: 2017

Industry: Blockchain, Smart Contract,
Software, Emerging Markets,
FinTech, Technology

Employees: 25
Location: Various executive ofﬁces in
Palo Alto, California with extended
developer teams in Shanghai, China

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

24

TEAM
Sha Zhou
Founder

David Xiaohu Chen
CEO & Co-Founder

Mr. Sha Zhou founded MOAC foundation
in 2017. He has led and backed multiple
high-tech companies, focusing on blockchain, VR/AR, robotic engineer, and autopilot technology. The portfolio companies
that Sha invested and manages include
Jingtum Tech, Outpost, Tersus, Wellwit
Robotics,etc.
Sha has authored several books about
blockchain and big data, such as “Blockchain World” and “Blockchain and Bigdata”.
Sha has extensive technical and managerial
experiences in computer, communication
and data networking industries.

Xinle Yang
CTO & Co-Founder

Xinle has spent the last 5 years in blockchain
development and ﬁrmly believes that
blockchain is still in its infancy, having the
potential - when mature - to change global
economics. In his early career, Xinle was
responsible for Nike’s multibillion dollar
online ordering system, and has had
extensive scientist and engineering roles at
Walmart, Intel, and IMTT.

David Xiaohu Chen is a blockchain theorist
and cross-domain software engineerarchitect with extensive experience. David
has a deep passion emerging technology,
having built his career in Silicon Valley for
decades as an executive technologist. As such,
he was the CTO and one of the original
founders of Jingtum, a leading blockchain
platform and solution provider for physical
asset tokenization.

Ryan Wang
Executive director

Ryan speaks worldwide on technology and
investment topics. He currently oversees
companies in the U.S. and greater China,
looking for unique and connected insights
that could help launch technologies between
both markets. Ryan is the Co-Founder and a
General Partner of Outpost Capital, a leading
cross-border early stage venture fund in San
Francisco and Beijing, focusing on VR/AR,
blockchain, and other technologies.

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

27

APPENDIX A: DISCLAIMER
All of the technology in this paper is currently in early development, and is
subject to future changes, improvements, and innovations. While MOAC
Blockchain Tech, Inc. does take security seriously, platforms may still have bugs,
which is why there is a bug bounty program.
There is no warranty or assurance that the process for creating and processing
cryptocurrency on the platform will be uninterrupted or error free, and there is
an inherent risk that the software could contain defects, weaknesses,
vulnerabilities, viruses, or bugs. Additionally, all cryptocurrency has risks
associated with acquisition, storage, transfer, and use of tokens or coins, and the
MOAC Platform is subject to the same risks.
For more information on risks associated with using the MOAC Platform please
read our terms of service on our website.

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

28

APPENDIX B: LIST OF TERMS
Bitcoin
Bitcoin is a distributed ledger based cryptocurrency that uses a Proof of Work
consensus system requiring miners to process the creation of new coins.
Blockchain
The underlying distributed database technology that powers decentralized
ledger systems and cryptocurrencies.
Consensus System
A system, protocol, or algorithm used to reach a general agreement. In this
context, referring to a blockchain based cryptocurrency agreeing to the
veriﬁcation of a transaction or Smart Contract.
Cross-Chain
The capability to move data from one blockchain to another using an atomic
swap exchange.
Cryptocurrency
A digital currency based on a distributed ledger powered by blockchain
technology.
Decentralization
A system that does not rely on a centralized authority for approving
transactions.
Decentralized Application (DApp)
An application where its backend code is running on a decentralized peer-topeer network with multiple nodes or hosts, vs. a traditional cloud app that runs
on a centralized server.

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

29

Distributed Computing or Network
A model where components of a software system are shared among multiple
computers to improve efﬁciency and performance.
Ethereum
Ethereum is a distributed computing platform for Smart Contracting that uses
a Proof of Work consensus system requiring miners for processing data.
MicroChain
The upper transactional processing blockchain layer for the MOAC Platform
that operates on a per Smart Contract basis.
MOAC
MOAC Blockchain Tech, Inc. and its team, that developed the MOAC Platform.
MotherChain
The bottom data processing and storage blockchain layer within the MOAC
Platform.
The MOAC Platform
A blockchain system created by the MOAC foundation (MOAC). It utilizes
Multi-Blockchain architecture as its underlying technology to achieve high performance Smart Contract execution, increased transactions-per-second (TPS),
and improved scalability.
Multi-Blockchain
The architecture used in The MOAC Platform with MotherChain as its
bottom primary blockchain and upper sharded children MicroChains.
Node
A redistribution point in a network, commonly used for connecting peers
and/or verifying transactions.

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

30

Peer-to-Peer Network (P2P)
A network where each computer can act as a server for others, and allow
shared access to ﬁles, data processing, and storage without the need for a
centralized server.
Proof of Stake
A type of algorithm by which a cryptocurrency blockchain network aims to
achieve distributed consensus. The creator of blocks is chosen via various
combinations of selection such as wealth or age.
Proof of Work
A system, protocol, or algorithm that is an economic measure to deter denial of
services attacks and other service abuses such as spam by requiring
computational work from the service requester, commonly processing time by
a computer.
Sharding
A feature to horizontally partition data and events across multiple blockchains
and nodes.
Smart Contact
A computer protocol intended to digitally facilitate, verify, or enforce the
negotiation or performance of a contract. Smart contracts allow the
transparent performance of credible transactions without third parties.
Smart Contract As A MicroChain
A Smart Contact as a MicroChain is a Smart Contract with its own unique
blockchain, or “MicroChain”, providing for Smart Contract isolation between
other Smart Contracts and a more efﬁcient overall systems.

@MOAC Foundation. All Rights Reserved. All content is conﬁdential and property of MOAC foundation.

31

