MONEY TOKEN

INTRODUCTION:
Money Token is an ERC-20 token on Ethereum Network. Money Token used as a
asset during the arbitrage trading between two exchanges. Arbitrage trading
means buying crypto from one exchange where the price is low and then
immediately selling it on another exchange where the price is high.Money token
will be used as asset during Arbitrage trading as it will cost very less transaction
fee than other tokens as well as high speed transaction.

BLOCKCHAIN Technology
BlockChain is a distributed digital ledger system where transactions of various
types between parties are recorded redundantly in a multiple of databases which
are slow but secure.
Ethereum is an open source, public, blockchain-based distributed computing
platform and operating system featuring smart contract functionality. Money
Token is build on Ethereum Network.

About Money Token:
Only 1 Million Supply which makes MNT unique and best for investment because
of this little supply its price will go very high also supply will not increase in
future.
This token aims be a token that can be traded on exchanges around the world and
plays an important role in Arbitrage trading.
Money token will be used as a stable token during the Arbitrage trading as it will
be accepted in all exchanges of the world.
Users can enjoy various benefits by owing Monet Token.

Money Token Information
Token Name – Money Token
Token Symbol- MNT
Decimal- 18
Standard- ERC20
Total Supply- 1 Million
Contract address- 0x310da5e1e61cd9d6eced092f085941089267e71e
Self drop price: 1,000 MNT = 1 ETH
We believe exchange price will be (INSHALLAH) : 1 MNT= 2$

How Does MNT Work?
MNT is a token created on Ethereum platform, the way it works is the same as the
other token created on ethereum Network.
Arbitage trading is the profitable Business in Cryptocurrency world. The only
problem trader faces in Arbitage trading is converting their crypto coins in USD or
stable coin. But those stable coin are also not available in all exchanges of world.
In this situation , they are forced to use fiat currency or convert the coin into
other stable coin that is accepted by that specific exchange.
But in Arbitrage trading, people don’t has that much time to exchange. It’s a
matter of minute , the price of crypto changes in no time .So to overcome this
problem, we have build Money token with the aim to get accepted in all of the
exchanges .Beside this MNT will have very less transaction fee as well as fast
transaction.

Money Token - RoadMap
March 2020
Development – Website Launch
APRIL 2020
1st round airdrop - Exchange listing
May 2020
Self Drop start - Airdrop End
June 2020
Exchange Listing - 2nd round airdrop
July 2020
Selfdrop end - Exchange Listing
August 2020
IEO - Big exchange Listing
December 2020
Mainnet Launching

