MoneroV (XMV)
www.monerov.org
team@monerov.org

Abstract. MoneroV is a community-led project designed to create a limited supply hard-fork of
the Monero cryptocurrency to a new scalable blockchain algorithm. The idea is to create a
decentralized environment in which professional developers chosen by the community, enhance,
simplify, and develop MoneroV to scale for mass use. The original Monero vision was to create a
private digital currency; however, a conservative, centralized core control of few and slow
development process prevents new users and technologies from being incorporated.
A more rapid development process based on bounty programs that will allow new people around
the world to participate, will potentially make MoneroV the first private digital currency used by
millions of people with open endless development possibilities. In addition, MoneroV will adhere
to core Austrian school of economics principles by capping the total MoneroV coins that can be
created, parting with Monero’s infinite coin supply structure.

1. Introduction
Monero was created for a specific reason: to be an alternative digital currency to Bitcoin that is
private and anonymous. Unlike Bitcoin, Monero is an untraceable cryptocurrency based on the
Cryptonote protocol. Transactions, amounts transferred, and wallet addresses of both senders and
receivers in the Monero network are all obfuscated. Therefore, transactions cannot be linked to a
particular user.

Unfortunately, Monero has suffered from several drawbacks. For example, Monero's infinite
coin supply, the centralization of decision making that prevents the implementation of new
features, the scaling issue of a bloated blockchain, the high transaction fees, and the growing
hash rate that is mainly based on mass usage of botents and unsuspected browser based miners
that prevents genuine miners to compete.
Some critical flaws that cannot be fixed rapidly due to Monero's voluntary donation based
development process has deterred Monero’s widespread adoption. Due to these circumstances, it
is better to create a hard-fork split that will indefinitely fix these problems. Fixing these problems
will require a dedicated team of full-time developers, which is how MoneroV was born.

2. Max Coin Supply
The Monero source code was forked from Bytecoin, an implementation of the Cryptonote
protocol. The Cryptonote white paper suggests that a predefined maximum coin supply such in
the case of Bitcoin, is simply an intuition, and that a natural upper bound of coins to be created
should be the largest number that can be represented, and essentially infinite:
“not on intuition such as N coins ought to be enough for anybody.”
Unfortunately, Monero implemented this suggestion, guaranteeing an infinite amount of XMR
coins created. This is one of Monroe's fundamental flaws that cannot be fixed.
In the same way central banks around the world print money out of thin air, Monero’s infinite
coin supply is a tax in the form of inflation for all XMR holders.
Bitcoin’s 21 million maximum coin supply was introduced specifically to avoid having a body
that controls the money supply, completely restricting future inflation and devaluation of Bitcoin
coins.

Based on this merit alone, Monero would never be able to compete with Bitcoin as the world’s
best digital currency, since the idea of infinite coin supply is the incorrect intuition.
MoneroV adheres to core Austrian school of economics principles and caps the total amount of
XMV coins that can be created to 256 million. The initial coin amount in circulation at the time
of the hard-fork would be 10 times the amount of XMR coins ( ~158 Million). XMR holders
prior to the hard-fork will receive 10-times the amount of XMV coins.

3. Scale & Features Development
Although a conservative approach for feature development in Monero could be seen as a
strength, for example of privacy concerns, such an approach also prevents it from integrating
crucial features that could differentiate it from other cryptocurrencies in terms of mass use.
MoneroV takes the approach of fast development and feature integration.
Monero does not scale. As of the time of this writing, Monero’s median transaction size
excluding coinbase transactions is 51.2 times larger than Bitcoin’s median transaction size (13.21
kb vs 258 bytes). If Monero was to handle the cumulative transactions amounts of Bitcoin, its
blockchain size would be higher than 7.7 Terabytes (in comparison to Bitcoin’s 155 Gigabyte
blockchain). In turn, the fear from an imminent bloated juggernaut blockchain comes with higher
median transaction fees than Bitcoin.
MoneroV plans to tackle the scaling issues, which is the main source of problems in Monero, and
in all cryptocurrency coins for that matter, and integrate the MimbleWimble protocol so that the
blockchain size will be bound to the number of users using MoneroV (not the number of
transactions being made in the network). This will significantly reduce both transaction costs and
blockchain size, permanently solving the scaling problem.
MoneroV will also take a more pragmatic approach when it comes to end-user applications and
usage for example, introducing a light MoneroV wallet by default so that users will not be asked
to download the whole blockchain if they do not want to. Users with high privacy concerns will
still have the standard privacy wallet by default.

These development features cannot be achieved in a timely manner by solely fundraising from
the community. MoneroV will issue bounty programs for top-tier developers and researchers to
rapidly develop all aspects of the MoneroV network.

4. MoneroV & Monero Comparison:

MoneroV

Monero

Max coin supply

256 million XMV

Infinite XMR

Coins in circulation at hard-fork
block

~158 million XMV (10x XMR)
in Airdrop to XMR holders

~15.8 million XMR

Emission per block

Smooth emission decline with a
6 XMV minimum until max
supply reach.

Smooth emission decline with a
0.6 XMR minimum for infinity.

Starting block

1564965 (while a snapshot of all
previous blocks was taken from
Monero’s blockchain)

0 (Genesis)

Block interval

120 seconds

120 seconds

Difficulty adjustment

Every block

Every block

Difficulty algorithm

Improved LWMA

Simple average (N=720)

PoW algorithm

Cryptonight V7

Cryptonight V7

5. Hard-Fork Split
Monero, like many other cryptocurrencies, is based on a decentralized consensus mechanism.
Monero nodes run software that is restricted to certain consensus rules so that nodes not
complying with these rules would not be included in the Monero network.
Other nodes in the Monero network check if a certain block, when it is mined, complies with
these consensus rules. It is either accepted by other nodes in the blockchain if it does, or rejected
in case it does not.
A hard-fork occurs as a result of MoneroV’s deviation from the current Monero consensus rules.
Monero nodes and MoneroV nodes will still comply with the same rules, validating everything
that took place on the blockchain before block 1564965. But from block 1564965, MoneroV’s
new rules come into effect, which will cause nodes of Monero to reject blocks that were formed
with MoneroV rules and MoneroV nodes to reject Monero based blocks . Thus, the network will
split.
The Monero blockchain will continue to add new blocks to its blockchain; however, from block
1564965, MoneroV will begin creating a new branch of blockchain that diverges from Monero.
MoneroV and Monero will share the same history of transactions and balances up until that
point. This new branch will represent a new cryptocurrency: MoneroV.
The new consensus rules imposed by MoneroV will come into effect at block 1564965. From this
point forward, miners on the MoneroV network will begin to add blocks to the new branch:
MoneroV’s blockchain.
Monero (XMR) holders prior to block 1564965 will automatically receive the equivalent of ten
times the amount of their Monero holdings in MoneroV (XMV).

6. MoneroV (XMV) Airdrop
To acquire MoneroV, you simply need to hold Monero prior to the fork, ensuring you will
receive automatically the equivalent of 10 times XMV the amount you hold in XMR. A wallet
with the same address, private keys, and mnemonic phrase you had in Monero will be created for
you and your XMV holdings.
If you own XMR on an exchange or any other third-party service and do not have exclusive
access to your private keys, then it is up to these providers to support MoneroV after the fork. In
this case, you should check if the third party that holds your XMR supports MoneroV and will
issue your XMV holdings to your account. We strongly advise to transfer your XMR either to a
service that will support the split, or to your private wallet prior to the fork, as you will not be
able to receive your XMV holdings after that point.

7. Hard-Fork Release Timeline

7.1 Monero Blockchain Fork
When Monero reaches block number 1564965, a snapshot of the Monero blockchain will be
taken. The MoneroV network will launch a few days later with the first MoneroV block added
on top. Monero will keep adding blocks to its blockchain; but when MoneroV is launched a few
days later, it will begin adding blocks to the snapshot that was taken.
The delay in the fork is needed so that MoneroV’s seed nodes, worldwide full nodes, and the
RPC wallet, CLI wallet and GUI wallet will all be tested and compiled. When everything is
ready after testing, the peer-to-peer network will begin. MoneroV full nodes will only accept the
network signature of MoneroV.

Block 1564965 will be the first MoneroV block mined solely on the MoneroV network. At this
point, the MoneroV cryptocurrency will be created while Monero continues adding blocks to its
blockchain.

7.2 MoneroV Blockchain, Wallet RPC, CLI & GUI release
All coins, transactions, fees, and balances will be represented in MoneroV as 10 times the
amount of their Monero counterpart. Essentially, every value on the Monero blockchain will be
multiplied by 10. For example, block 1 in the Monero blockchain contains a coinbase transaction
with an output of 17.592169267200 XMR. Thus, coinbase transaction in block 1 of the MoneroV
blockchain will go to the same original miner who mined the original block in Monero. He will
receive 175.92169267200 XMV for that transaction.
In the same manner, if you had a balance in your Monero wallet of, say, 3.1415926535897 XMR
prior to the fork, then you will receive 31.415926535897 XMV. This was done to differentiate
the two cryptocurrencies while making the two cryptocurrency wallets – MoneroV’s and
Monero’s – to reject one another’s blockchain.
If you own XMR at the time of the fork and have access to you private keys, you will be able to
spend your XMV at the ratio of 1:10 at any point in the future. If a third-party service is holding
XMR on your behalf, then they will receive the XMV. Exchanges or any other third-party
services are not obligated to credit you with your XMV in the ratio of 1:10. Therefore, you must
make sure beforehand that they will do so, or move your XMR to a private wallet before the
fork.

8. Development Finance
The first block that will be mined on the MoneroV blockchain will have a customized coinbase
transaction amount that will allow the development team to mine it in a controlled manner, using
it for future development of MoneroV. The MoneroV development team will manage

5.859375% of the total supply of MoneroV coins, using it to enhance the development of all
future works.
This will enable MoneroV to rapidly develop many urgent tasks in the form of developer
bounties, adding many paid full-time developers to the team.
● 66.6% of the funds mined by the development team will be proportionally distributed to
all team members and contributors.
● 33.3% of the funds mined by the development team will be transferred to a multisignature wallet, with the private view key being released to the public.
● All future expenses such as storage costs and developer bounties will be detailed and
transparent.

Most of the bounties will go to developers and third-party services, like storage and security
services. The core mission of MoneroV is to rapidly add features and fix the current Monero
drawbacks. Although market forces will eventually price XMV, we have brought many expert
developers onboard, and are welcoming many more to join the team prior to the launch.

Future development:
● Web wallet & Light wallet
● PoW modification
● MimbleWimble integration

Infrastructure:
● Servers:
Website server
Block explorer server
Online wallet server
Pool server
10+ initial full nodes
5+ Checkpoint servers
5+ DNS seeds
● DNS fees
● System administration and DevOps
● Security testing

Conclusion
MoneroV is a global open-source project promising to deliver a true private cryptocurrency
adhering to core Austrian school economics. It is aimed for mass adoption and scale. MoneroV
was not developed to compete with Monero, but rather with Bitcoin. MoneroV facilitates the
desire to have a truly private and decentralized cryptocurrency that is also quick and easy for
everyday use.

