MovieBloc White Paper Ver. 1.14 / APR. 2019 / English

Decentralized Movie & Content Distribution Platform

Cinema is universal, beyond ﬂags and borders and passports.
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu

Table of Contents
1. Abstract

4

3. Solution

9

2. Current Film Industry

6

4. MovieBloc Ecosystem

13

6. Token Economy

30

5. Architecture

7. Token Allocation
8. Roadmap

22
33
35

3

I’m going to make him an oﬀer he can’t refuse.
- The Godfather (1972)

1. Abstract

1. Abstract
According to Motion Pictures Association of America Report, consumer spending for the combined theatrical
and home entertainment markets reached $88.4 billion worldwide, up from $81.9 billion in 2016. There are over

170,000 cinema screens (+8%) around the world, and 777 ﬁlms (+8%) were released in North America in 2017.
The MPAA chairman and CEO Charles Rivkin commented, “With more stories and more storytelling mediums
than ever, our industry continues to adapt to an ever-changing world.”
$90
$80
$70
$60
$50
$40
$30
$20
$10
$0

$35.91
$12.30

$36.43
$15.12

$38.42

$38.82

$40.58

$24.53

$24.53

$32.12
$15.68

$29.76

$25.85

$21.00

$18.55

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

Global Theatrical and Home Entertainment Consumer Spending (US$ Billions)

Theatrical
Digital Home Entertainment
Physical Home Entertainment

Source : IHS Markit. Physical includes rental and retail. Digital
includes Electronic Sell-Through(EST), video-on-demand(VOD), and
subscription streaming(pait subscribers only). Subscription
streaming does not include spending from sports.

While the overall market is growing, the industry is also dominated by conglomerates with a vertical integration

among three phases: production, distribution, and exhibition. This integration causes barriers in the industry,

such as biased screen allocation, as the business is mainly focused on obtaining a wider audiences for stronger
revenues. The ﬁlmmakers and audience are the main victims from this eﬀect. The ﬁlmmakers are asked to

produce ﬁlms only with a high probability of commercial success. The consumers’ right to enjoy various and
free-choice of content is lost.

MovieBloc’s mission is to solve those problems with its blockchain technology. The creators will get transparent
revenue share, audience data, and equal screening opportunity; the viewers will access various ﬁlms & content.
In the long-term, MovieBloc will create the biggest and most participant-centric ﬁlm ecosystem.

By co-working with KMPlayer, a multimedia player with over 300 million users, MovieBloc will not only provide
ﬁlm producers with an equal opportunity to create and show their ﬁlms, but also bring various movies at a
reasonable price to MovieBloc users.

MovieBloc is diﬀerent from previous ﬁlm related ICO projects. These projects have focused on removing
middleman and providing direct distribution channel between the creators and the audiences. However, this

model has gave the creators more roles and responsibility of promoting and exporting their works to the

audiences. MovieBloc seeks to create an ecosystem with all ﬁlm distribution participants (translator, designers,

curators, reviewers, etc.), instead of becoming a simple content platform with content providers and consumers.
5

Houston, we have a problem.
- Apollo 13 (1995)

2. Current Film Industry

2. Current Film Industry
2.1. Industry Oligopoly & Vertical Integration

The movie theater industry is composed of three vertical layers: production, distribution, and exhibition. In
America, the big six conglomerates and a few major studios show strong presence in production (investment)
and distribution; in other countries conglomerates can control exhibition as well, such as South Korea. Netﬂix

and Amazon Prime Video are focusing on vertical integration by owning its original content and using their
distribution system to deliver that content to its subscribers. Accordingly, consumers have no access to content
that these institutions choose not to invest in. A few powerful corporations with strong capital are thus limiting

the consumers’ right to enjoy various content and the ﬁlm producers’ opportunity to release their work to the
wider public.

2.2 Limited Funding Opportunities

Major studios invest in ﬁlms and look into the scenarios, directors, and actors for one goal: box oﬃce hits. The

directors and ﬁlmmakers must implement the commercial-centric ideas into their ﬁlms to reach a wide
audience. This limits ﬁlm producers’ freedom of expression and the ﬁlm market to be supplied with mainly
standardized ﬁlms. In order to fund their work without the investors' interference, ﬁlm producers have to either

make an independent ﬁlm on low-budget or receive help from crowdfunding. Even if the production is ﬁnished,
proﬁtabilty is diﬃcult to achieve due to limited budget, diﬃculty of securing screens, exporting, and marketing
of the ﬁlm.

2.3 Revenue Problem

It is extremely diﬃcult for independent ﬁlms to be regularly shown at movie theatres outside of ﬁlm festivals.
After the theatrical release, VOD is another proﬁtable market. However, blockbusters are once again gain the

vast majority of proﬁts. As for short ﬁlms and independent ﬁlms, revenue share agreements with VOD services
are being handled in adverse conditions due to a weaker bargaining power.

YouTube, another monetizing option, requires the channel to have 4,000 hours of annual viewing time and over

1,000 subscribers in order to receive ad revenue. Thus, independent ﬁlmmakers resort to uploading their

content on YouTube for free, as a way of sharing their portfolios. As you can see, there are no platforms
providing a fair revenue share to the creators.

7

2. Current Film Industry

2.4 Nontransparent Revenue Share and Date

The recipient is unable to verify the accuracy of the data. The sheet does not disclose how revenue was aﬀected

by discounts, promotions, marketing, nor viewers’ data (device, age, gender). Sales reports with no

transparency or veriﬁcation method creates low credibility in the business; creators without audience
information disables any viewership insight from their content production.

2.5 Limitation of Film Distribution

It may seem like the advanced online streaming technology has provided audiences with a wider selection of

ﬁlms, but the centralized distribution infrastructure has yet to change, and is still a strong barrier for indie
ﬁlmmakers to go abroad.

Every year, countless ﬁlms are produced and recognized for their quality at international ﬁlm festivals, but the

diﬃculty of ﬁnding distributors in each country limits the ﬁlm producers’ ability to deliver their work to the
audience.

8

Where we're going, we don't need roads.
- Back to the Future (1985)

3. Solution

3. Solution
3.1 Decentralizing the Film Industry

MovieBloc will decentralize the ﬁlm industry to create an ecosystem with transparent rewards catered to the

participants’ role and contribution. Participants will experience a new ecosystem by taking upon the role of a
creator, curator, translator, reviewer, viewer, etc. Other blockchain-based ﬁlm projects primarily focus on
maximizing the proﬁt of the CP (content provider) and rewarding the audience. MovieBloc diﬀerentiates itself

from other projects as it comprises of production, marketing, and translation activities, all done by MovieBloc
participants.

3.2 Supporting Creators

MovieBloc will run blockchain-based online festivals to discover quality movies and talented new creators. The

festival will be held every quarter and give out rewards worth 10,000 USD to the contest winners. Producers can
attain recognition and monetary reward from the festival, which will motivate them to continually upload high

quality movies on MovieBloc. Also, the creators can raise money to produce ﬁlms from viewer donations. In

return, the creators can provide special content, such as unreleased director’s cut, or pre-release ﬁlms to
donators.

3.3 Creators Proﬁt Guaranteed

The creator is guaranteed up to 90% of the revenue at MovieBloc. The creator can set the price, exhibiting
period, and areas, the conditions will be applied without any approval process. The curators’ advertising,
translators’ foreign subtitle, and designers’ marketing material will enable the ﬁlm to be distributed to diverse
nations and boost creator earnings.

3.4 Transparent Reward and Data

MovieBloc rewards creators transparently according to the blockchain based smart contract once the creator
uploads and users purchase the content. Creators are provided with insights from their followers and viewer

data, such as gender, age, and traﬃc source. The insight will help creators to develop and cater content in order
to satisfy their audience.

10

3. Solution

3.5 Worldwide Screen, MovieBloc

MovieBloc will collaborate with KMPlayer to deliver ﬁlms to audiences around the world. KMPlayer is a video

playback software with the world's longest history and millions of active users. According to US Softonic.com,
KMPlayer is used in more than 150 countries and more than 800 million downloads, since its ﬁrst release in

2006. The collaboration between KMPlayer and MovieBloc will signiﬁcantly reduce the marketing cost of
acquiring new users by introducing the service to existing KMPlayer users. MovieBloc is a worldwide service; its
simple structure will allow creators to deliver its content directly to consumers around the world with a single
upload.

150
Countries

812M 500M
Total Download

Monthly Playback

Fig. 1. KMPlayer Statistical Data

13M

44M

103M
14M

Iran

103,384,376

South Korea

53,817,656

Russia

55M
11M

20M

Monthly Active User

53M
24M

13M

China

Taiwan
India

Indonesia
Ukraine
USA

Thailand
Others

Fig. 2. KMPlayer Monthly Playback by region (April, 2018)

Total

55,614,381
44,690,402
24,658,848
14,371,658
13,698,340
13,066,867
11,154,204
10,321,922

146,589,911

491,368,645

Fig. 3. KMPlayer downloads comparison (source: softonic.com)
1) Softonic Website, https://kmplayer.en.softonic.com/

11

KMPlayer

for Windows 64, 32bit

KMPlayer
for Android, iOS

KMPlayer
for Mac

KMPlayer VR
for Android

Fig. 4. KMPlayer Supporting Devices

Film is incredibly democratic and accessible, it’s probably the best option if you actually
want to change the world, not just re-decorate it.
- Banksy

4. MovieBloc Ecosystem

4. MovieBloc Ecosystem
4.1 Ecosystem Summary

Fig. 5. MovieBloc Ecosystem

MovieBloc consists of three layers: Community, Market, and Fundraising. Community Layer, titled ‘.BLOC,’ is a
decentralized ﬁlm community connecting all MovieBloc participants. Market Layer is where ﬁlms, subtitle, and
marketing materials can be traded among the participants. Fundraising Layer motivates the creators to keep

providing high quality ﬁlms to MovieBloc by hosting a ﬁlm festival and implementing donation channel to the

creators. Three organically connected layers form a cycle in which service users who contribute to ﬁlm
production, promotion, and distribution in various forms.

14

4. MovieBloc Ecosystem

4.2 Role of Participants

4.2.1 Existing Content Provider

Existing content providers can upload their content and earn maximum 90% of revenue. They can
also explore foreign markets and audiences they have not explored yet by using MovieBloc.

4.2.2 Creator

In the MovieBloc ecosystem, creators are an individual or group with content distribution rights such

as content providers and directors. The creators receive their share from the revenue sales
automatically according to the smart contract. The creator can refer to the audience data and

modify the price or method of sales as necessary. The creators will participate in MovieBloc ﬁlm
festival to have their work evaluated and appreciated by the community.

4.2.3 Curator

The curators will advertise and curate selected ﬁlms. Once a ﬁlm is selected, the curator will place
the ﬁlm on his or her individual theater and advertise the ﬁlm to draw viewers. If the creator curates

thier own ﬁlm as a curator, they are able receive a higher share of revenue. Additionally, curators can

hire translators or designers and produce foreign subtitles and marketing materials to target a
speciﬁc markets or countries.

4.2.4 Translator

Translation helps viewers to understand foreign movies and culture to better understand the
creator. Translation is an essential aspect of MovieBloc as a ﬁlm can be exported and understood to

the world audience with subtitles. Translators can be hired by curators or performed voluntarily to
make subtitles and receive a donation from creators or viewers.

4.2.5 User

The users serve as viewers consuming movies on MovieBloc. Users can be rewarded by reporting
illegal content and writing a ﬁlm reviews.

4.2.6 Foundation

The foundation cooperates with advertising platforms and develops a streaming platform
community to provide an optimal environment for users. The foundation will also plan and execute
oﬄine marketing events and recruit the creators to join the MovieBloc ﬁlm festival.

15

4. MovieBloc Ecosystem

4.3 Dotbloc (.BLOC)

Music Composer

Costume Designer

Movie 1
Director

Writer
Actor

Movie 2

Assistant Director
Movie 3

Movie 4

Film crew

Data compiled based on
movie cast & crew credits

Assistant Director

Director

Editor

Actor

Editor

Translator

Fan

Distributor

Fan
Fan

Fandom
(Conumers)

Viral marketing eﬀect
based on curator, fandom
and subtitle translator

Fig. 6. ‘.BLOC’ Network

The Community Layer ‘.BLOC’ binds the three layers of investment, community, and transaction to connect all
participants in the MovieBloc ecosystem.

16

4. MovieBloc Ecosystem

4.3.1 Role of ‘.BLOC’

‘.BLOC’ performs various functions. Creators enter their ﬁlmography and network with other

producers, investors, and curators. The curators discover quality content and hire designers and

translators to distribute the ﬁlms. Individual users can donate to creators, share what movies
they’ve watched and provide reviews. ‘.BLOC’ is a community where every ﬁlm-related participants
can encourage, discuss, hire, trade, and share with other members.

4.3.2 Use Process

User Registration and Certiﬁcation Process

User registration is available from the MovieBloc app or website. All users must go through email or

phone veriﬁcation, in order to prevent illegal activities such as illegal content distribution. Users' ‘
.BLOC’ will be created automatically once the registration is completed.
Creator - Content Registration Process

Click 'Upload' button in the MovieBloc site Dotbloc, enter the basic information (movie title, plot) of

the movie, and start uploading the video ﬁle. While the ﬁle is being uploaded, the creator can
register detailed information such as parental supervision, the cast, and movie credits.
Curators’ Screen Acquisition and Content Exhibition

Curators can start from one screen (inventory) and acquire additional screen one by one. Additional

MBL Staking (deposit) and accumulated views are required for increasing levels. Curators can ﬁnd

new content on the main page, or on their following creators’ ‘.BLOC’, and by just clicking the
'distribute' button, the ﬁlm can be exhibited on the curator’s theatre with commentary.
Marketing

Sharing is available by clicking the ‘share’ button on the head section of every ‘.BLOC’ and on the
bottom of the movie player page. Creators and curators can share their links to the existing social
media and other community pages to promote their ﬁlms to potential MovieBloc users and generate
additional views and proﬁts.

17

4. MovieBloc Ecosystem

Fig. 7. MovieBloc UI

18

4. MovieBloc Ecosystem

4.4 MovieBloc Market

Film Market

CP/Distributor

Viewers

Creator

Content Market

Curator

PR Market

Translation Market

Translator

Designer

Design Market

Fig. 8. MovieBloc Market

4.4.1 Content Market

Users can watch movies in two ways: TVOD and AVOD.
TVOD (Transactional VOD)

With TVOD, consumers purchase content on a pay per view basis for a limited or permanent time. In

consideration of the token price volatility, the price of content will be the median value of the three
exchanges with the largest transaction volume of ﬁat currency and MovieBloc token. The proﬁt will

be shared by the creators and curators after deducting server fee such as CDN and cloud service fee.
AVOD (Advertising VOD)

AVOD is an advertising-based revenue model, allowing users to watch the content for free. Although

advertising based content are widely distributed to the users, only a platform that fully understands
and can coordinate each country’s eCPM2), ﬁll rate, and advertising cost can operate successfully.

2) Eﬀective cost impressions. Total revenue divided by total impressions multiplied by 1,000. This ﬁgure is used to calculate the ad performance.

19

4. MovieBloc Ecosystem

With the Real-Time Bidding Platform Prism Exchange, developed by Pandora TV, MovieBloc will

advertise various global or local advertisers’ marketing campaigns. MovieBloc and KMPlayer are
capable of maximizing ad eﬃciency by content and audience targeting.

4.4.2 Film Market

The ﬁlm market is open to all creators who have diﬃculty distributing their ﬁlms. The creator

registers his or her movie in the ﬁlm market. Once registered the ﬁlm will be sorted by country,
language, length, subtitles availability, or price. The ﬁlm distributor or exhibitor can watch clips of

the movie or a synopsis and purchase the movie individually or in bundles. MovieBloc's ﬁlm market
will connect ﬁlms to the rest of the world. Outdated ﬁlms that are no longer proﬁtable in its origin

country can be proﬁtable in other countries at reasonable prices. The ﬁlm market will bring another
revenue opportunity for creators and share their work.

4.4.3 Translation Market

The translation market is essential for MovieBloc to grow and become global service. Translators,
the movie-enthusiastic users translating other creators' title, will be compensated for their eﬀorts.

With multiple foreign subtitles, a small independent ﬁlm can be delivered worldwide and receive
feedback on the subtitle quality from other users.

4.4.4 Public Relations Market

Active creators can continually promote their ﬁlms on and oﬀ MovieBloc. In the PR market, the
creators can be matched to powerful curators who can promote and deliver the ﬁlm to a wider
audience.

4.4.5 Design Market

The curators can hire and request marketing material (posters and other images) designs to

promote ﬁlms in the Design Market. The Curators can also hire the designers and customize
individual theaters.

20

4. MovieBloc Ecosystem

4.5 Fundraising

The quarterly held ﬁlm festival and donation channel will help MovieBloc to aggregate quality ﬁlms and
creators with motivation to make better ﬁlms.

4.5.1 Donation

Users can donate a desired amount of MBL along with a short message to the creators.

4.5.2 MovieBloc Festival

The MovieBloc festival is held every quarter. Every ﬁlm released to the public within the period for
the ﬁrst time will automatically be enrolled to the festival. Five ﬁnal nominees will be determined

from the total entries by views and user reviews, and the ﬁnal 3 winners will be determined by a
voting system. One vote a day per certiﬁed user is allowed. During the voting period, KMPlayer and
MovieBloc will keep promoting the voting system in order to encourage users to participate.

The top three ﬁnalists will be awarded with a $ 10,000 MovieBloc token. Additionally, the selected

winners will be displayed at the top of the MovieBloc website and KMPlayer for a speciﬁed period of
time, allowing more exposure, views, and recorded in the award history section.

Fig. 9. MovieBloc Film Festival Winner

21

No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
- Dead Poets Society (1989)

5. Architecture

5. Architecture
KMPlayer

Application

.BLOC
Wallet Module

APIs
Blockchain Node

SERVICE

Decentralized
core

Transaction
Monitor

Data Module
Storage

Node

Database

Token Module

Membership

Token
Contract

Reward
Policy

Service

Market
.BLOC

Fundraising

Global CDN
CDN
THETA

Account
Manager

Content

Content
Manager

Data Manager

Data Access
Control

Trade
Contract

Data
Validation

Hash
Manager

Fig. 10. MovieBloc Architecture

5.1 Platform Structure

MovieBloc shares a portion of the platform from existing services, including KMPlayer. MovieBloc will drive its
blockchain service based on the stability and performance from existing services. MovieBloc consists of three

layers in order to have blockchain’s transparency and security features, and existing service’s high performance
and scalability.

23

5. Architecture

5.1.1 Application Layer

The Application Layer is the entry point for MovieBloc users and provides the ability for participants

to intuitively and securely access the service. MovieBloc users can easily participate in the platform

and exchange various information. Each participant can use the Application Layer to access

blockchain, and try various services available at the Service Layer. The Application Layer provides
applications and wallet module for key information management.
5.1.1.1 Wallet

On the Ontology main network, a private key is required to access user accounts. The wallet
module is a system that securely manages key information essential for users to use Ontology

network. Users' private keys provide secure transaction signing without being exposed to the

external environment. This provides participants with secure and stable managment of
contracts that occur within MovieBloc. The wallet module guarantees closed operation and
provides a security function to prevent personal information from being leaked.
5.1.1.2 KMPlayer

KMPlayer plays various formats of media without any conversion process through its built-in

codec. Speciﬁcally, it is optimized for 4K, HDR, high-deﬁnition video playback and VR.
KMPlayer supports the playback of various content and can be used on various devices such
as mobile and PC, and supports download contens and streaming. Users can play diverse
content provided by MovieBloc in various forms through KMPlayer.
5.1.1.3 .BLOC

.BLOC is composed of web and mobile app for service and uses API of an asynchronous
service layer.

24

5. Architecture

5.1.2 Service Layer

The Service Layer is the core aspect of MovieBloc. It connects the Application Layer with the
Decentralized Core. Even if the participants do not run the Ontology Node directly, the transaction
can be propagated to the Ontology main network through the Ontology Node provided by the
Service Layer. Most of the information on the service is stored and processed in the Service Layer,
and blockchain technology is used for transparent secure transactions and data validation.
5.1.2.1 Blockchain Node

The Blockchain Node is a module connecting the Decentralized Core and the Service which
provides all the functions related to the blockchain to participants. It is responsible for

accessing the data accumulated in the Decentralized Core in order to verify the key and
signature information of participants accessing the platform. The contract manager manages

all contracts that occur within the platform and guarantees rewards for the platform
participants. It also monitors all transactions occurring within the platform and manages
access rights when a participant sends a request for a transaction in the Application Layer.
5.1.2.2 Data Module

The Data Module stores and controls a centralized database that stores large amounts of data

and complex analysis results which are diﬃcult to store in a blockchain. The Data module will

collect and indexe information from blockchain eﬃciently and complements the technical
limitation of Ontology main network. Sensitive information unable to be uploaded on

blockchain like personal information is managed by a separate security database with
restricted access.

5.1.2.3 Service Module

The Service Module organically connects the three layers of .BLOC, Market, and Festival
provided by MovieBloc according to the type of participant. The Service Module enables each

layer to smoothly provide services to participants. Transmitting data produced by
participants' in-layer activities to the Token Module leads to the correct formation of token
reward and token economy.
5.1.2.4 Global CDN

CDN is a network that is required for eﬃcient delivery of content to each user. In order to solve

the bottleneck of transmission that can occur when traﬃc is concentrated, contens are

distributed and cached to a plurality of CDN nodes for quick delivery. The existing CDNs will

increase the eﬃciency of content distribution and applied to the decentralized CDN of Theta
Network. In particular, Theta's CDN improves on-demand VOD quality while reducing the
backbone usage of traditional CDNs through a hybrid architecture.

25

5. Architecture

5.1.3 Decentralized Core

The Decentralized Core is a system that transparently manages token ﬂows occuring between
platform participants. Creators record and manage all data related to content in the blockchain,

such as content registered in MovieBloc, content related information, price, etc. Based on the

recorded data, it manages the token ﬂow between participants and creators, allowing for
transparent management of the token economy formed within the platform. This is increases
platform activation and stabilization.
5.1.3.1 Token Module

The Token Module manages the token economy ﬂow generated through the activities of the
users participating in the platform as a whole. It manages the token reimbursement policy
paid according to the user's activity and the token-staking by the curator to secure individual

theaters. The token contract manages the token ﬂow book arising from the platform
participants and provides the transfer function for smooth transactions. The Token Module
enables decentralized token economy operations.
5.1.3.2 Membership

Membership is a system that records and manages the information of the participants within

MovieBloc. Participants' personal information is not recorded in the module, only the
relationship between users is recorded. This restricts access to data and allows only those
with rights to create or manage featured data. Their relationship consists of a mesh.
5.1.3.3 Content

Various content is uploaded to MovieBloc, such as movies and foreign subtitle ﬁles. If the

content is not properly managed, the platform usage frequency will be signiﬁcantly decline.
This part is a system for managing information related to such contens. When creators and

translators enter their content information, they are recorded in MovieBloc through the
system and saved through smart contract when setting prices. Trade contract is a system that

supports smooth transaction according to the price contract registered by the creator when

the participant purchases the content. The system is associated with the Token Module to
record the real-time transaction information of the platform participants.
5.1.3.4 Data Manager

Data administrators review data validation according to service policies to eliminate invalid
data, unify redundant data, and increase storage eﬃciency.

26

5. Architecture

5.2 Content on Blockchain

All content uploaded on the MovieBloc, such as subtitles, advertisements, as well as content uploaded by the

creator, is hashed and registered in the content contract on the blockchain. The hash value is used as the

identiﬁer of each content, and transactions and records on the MovieBloc are represented by corresponding
hash values.

Creator
.BLOC

Content

Hash

Content Storage

CDN

Content Contract

Content

License Contract

Fig. 11. TVOD Request Process

Application

(.BLOC / KMPlayer)

User

The creator’s movie or subtitle content created by the translator are registered in the license contract where the
curators and users can purchase the license to play the content. In order to distribute or use content, a license

key is generated and issued through the license contract. This gives access to the content and concludes a

contract for the use of the content. The license contract records how many users have paid the MBL on the
blockchain to obtain the license. Based on this data, legitimate and transparent rewards are paid to the creator
and subtitle translators.

27

5. Architecture

When a free content is played, pre-roll and mid-roll ads are executed, and information related to the execution
history is recorded on the blockchain. Based on this information, the creator of the content and the curator are

rewarded through settlement. The advertiser can grasp the utility of the advertisement eﬀect by transparently
checking the history of the advertisement cost paid by the advertiser.

Pre-roll Content
Content

User

CDN

+

Content
Storage

Creator

.BLOC

AD

Curator
MBL Token
Database

Membership

Fig. 12. AVOD Content Play & Proﬁt Distribution

28

Token Module

5. Architecture

5.3 Data Validation

The blockchain is not suitable for storing large amounts of data. Ethereum consumes a lot of gas for data

processing and data storage. EOS has the cost issue due to limited RAM resources. Therefore, most projects
implement large-capacity data through a side-chain or cloud server, and the ability to verify the integrity of data
as a contract on the blockchain. MovieBloc is based on Ontology Mainnet. Since Ontology consumes ONG gas
fee fo data stoage, it is diﬃcult to store all MovieBloc data on the blockchain. Even if the result of only hashing

the data is stored, the burden on the RAM increases as the service continues. In MovieBloc, some information

based on life cycle and importance of data uses existing cloud server and database. For example, a token
transmission result of a transaction is stored in a multi-index table of a contract while a transaction is
performed on the blockchain, and the result is stored in the blockchain.

Validator

Data companison

Database
User

User
Review

Data

tx hash

review text

Insert
transaction
hash

SHA

hash

Send transaction

Blockchain

SHA

hash

hash
Get

Get transaction

Transaction Data

Fig. 13. Data Validation

On the other hand, in the case of compensation for ﬁlm review, the contens of the criticism are hashed, and the

content is transmitted in a blockchain transaction, but not separately stored in the table. The DB also stores the

content of the review and the transaction hash value. In this way, the transaction history can be inquired
through the transaction hash value to reward for the user's comment, and the validity of the data can be
veriﬁed by comparing the actual hash value with the hash value in the data ﬁeld.

29

A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
- Wag The Dog (1997)

6. Token Economy

6. Token Economy
6.1 MBL Token

MBL, a MovieBloc token, is used for economic activity in the ecosystem.
1) Users watching premium content (TVOD)
2) Creators paying translators & designers

3) Users donating to other participants (creators, translators, designers, reviewers etc.)
4) Curators depositing for screen expansion

5) Rewarding the users (illegal content report, ﬁlm rating, ﬁlm review)

Creator
Early opening,
Director’s cut sharing

Provide content

Donation

Revenue Share

KMP

Theater 1

Theater 2

Renting Theater

......

Theater N

Content
Token
Reward

Token Staking

Curators
Subtitle

Token Payment

User 1

Content Curation

User 2

Token Payment

User 3

......

Content
Curation

Token
Payment

Report,
Review,
Rating

User N

Fig. 14. Token Economy Structure

6.1.1 Users Watching Premium Content (TVOD)

Premium content payment within the MovieBloc is done through the MBL token. The paid MBL will
be distributed to the contributors such as creators and curators through the smart contract.

6.1.2 Creators Paying Translators & Designers

MBL tokens are used for talent transactions between creators, curators, translators, and designers in
the process of submitting content.

31

6. Token Economy

6.1.3 Users Donating to Other Participants

Creator donation is divided into the donation for the curator and donation for the participant. The

donation for the curator is reviewing scenarios released by the creator before ﬁlm production.

Depending on the donation, the curator will have the authority to release the ﬁlm for a certain
period of time through his individual theater before the oﬃcial opening of the ﬁlm.

Participant donation allows viewers to send the desired amount of tokens and messages to their
favorite creators, actors, and ﬁlm producers.

Participant donation can be sponsored by the audience of the content, including the desired
amount of tokens and messages to their favorite creators and actors, and can be watched before the
oﬃcial release.

6.1.4 Curators Depositing for Screen Expansion

Curators can lease individual theaters that can provide movies to consumers through MBL token

staking and Leveling Models (Number of Content View). The number of tokens needed to expand an
auditorium will increase in the form of an exponential function, and a maximum of 10 individual

theater can be secured by 1 Curator. The limitation of the number of individual theater and the
leveling model is intended to allow the curator to make more eﬀorts in curation so that consumers

can experience new and high-quality content. It is meant to prevent the monopoly of individual
theaters by capital and provide opportunities for activities in accordance with the curator 's curation

ability. To raise the level, the curator will curate the AVOD model and TVOD model to promote the
content, not only the TVOD content for proﬁt.

6.1.5 Rewarding the Users

Viewers will receive ratings and reviews on their viewed content and reward them with MBL tokens.
You can receive MBL tokens by reporting illegal content such as copyrighted content.

32

If a million people see my movie, I hope they see a million diﬀerent movies.
- Quentin Tarantino

7. Token Allocation

7. Token Allocation
7.1 MBL Information
Token Name

MBL

Total Token Supply

30,000,000,000 MBL

Platform

7.2 Token Distribution

Ontology

Private Sale 3%

MBL Airdrop 11%

Initial Exchange Oﬀering 8%

ONT Foundation 10%

Team 15%

MBL Ecosystem 43%

MBL Foundation 10%

7.3 Fund Allocation

Strategy Partners 20%

Biz Development 15%

R&D 40%

34

Marketing 15%
Operation 10%

To see the world, things dangerous to come to, to see behind walls, to draw closer,
to ﬁnd each other and to feel. That this is the purpose of 'life'.
- The secret life of Walter Mitty (2013)

8. 로드맵

8. Roadmap

2019

36

02

Token Contract Develop

03

Token Generation Event & Project Demo

04

Wallet Module & API Develop

05

Payment and Token Allocation Develop

07

Project Beta Launching

11

Project Oﬃcial Launching

This document is intended to convey speciﬁc information about the platform being planned and developed by the

MovieBloc team. This document is for informational purposes only. Nothing herein should be construed as indicating the
accuracy or reliability of the information contained herein.

Although the information contained in this document has been taken from the source materials that the MovieBloc team

believes to be reliable and believable, the MovieBloc team does not endorse the accuracy or suitability of such information.
In other words, the MovieBloc team will not be held liable for any loss or damage caused by information associated with us
or the MovieBloc platform.

The information contained in this document is furnished only at the present time and is subject to change without notice,
and the MovieBloc team is not obligated to revise, modify or update this document.

Each recipient must rely solely on his or her knowledge, research, judgment, and evaluation of the information contained in
this document, and we, our employees, and our shareholders are not liable for any claims, suggestions, We do not bear any
responsibility or obligation to anyone for information.

The MovieBloc team has tried to include the facts in this document, and the estimates of the possibilities contained in the

documentation are based on subjective predictions and should not be construed as representations of actual likelihood.
This document is not intended for citizens or residents of any state, country, or other jurisdiction where distribution,

publication or use is prohibited. This document is available only on the MovieBloc.io and can not be redistributed, copied,

forwarded, or published to any person, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the MovieBloc team for any
purpose.

If you give an answer to your viewer, your ﬁlm will simply ﬁnish in the movie theatre. But when you pose questions,
your ﬁlm actually begins after people watch it.
- Asghar Fahadi

