MOZO

The Token of Discovery
REVISION 2.0
AUTHOR: GIANG PHUNG

APRIL 21, 2018

Table of Contents
Meet Mozo

2

Opportunity

3

Mozo Blueprint

7

How does Mozo work?

8

Team

a)

How to earn/reward Mozo

11

b)

How to use/redeem Mozo

12

c)

How to buy/sell Mozo

12
15

Meet Mozo
Mozo Token: Mozo is a token to discover the future of commerce. A future where Mozo Token becomes a
digital platform for physical retail malls to thrive side by side with online commerce. With due respect
to the real McCoy, Mozo Token is a digital currency for all transactions across all merchants in any
speci!c mall or malls. It is a spendable currency which is convertible into and from loyalty points when
you shop. Due to the well-established acceptance of buying online, physical malls are losing their
historical advantage on price competitiveness and convenience. To bring foot tra"c back into the
physical stores, Mozo Token was borne to pivot the comeback of urban retail giants.
Foot tra"c is critical to many types of businesses, particularly retail stores, as greater foot tra"c should
correlate to higher sales. Driving foot tra"c to retail spaces has always been a challenge, however,
loyalty programs have seemed to be an e#ective way to bring return customers back to the stores. A
recent Nielsen consumer study [1] showed that loyalty programs help drive more frequent visits and a
greater number of purchases. More than seven in ten global respondents (72%) agreed that, all other
factors being equal, they would buy from a retailer with a loyalty program over one without.
While loyalty programs seem to be a promising tool for increasing sales, existing point-based loyalty
programs do not work as well as they should. According to Bond Loyalty’s Report 2017 [2], more than
half of point-based loyalty program participants (57%) don’t know their points balance and more than
one in three of them (38%) are unaware of the value of their points, let alone how to use them. Single
merchant membership reward systems are less e#ective and valued by consumers and hence not as
e#ective a tool for the intended purpose of increasing foot tra"c. Hence, the search for a more powerful
“earn and redeem” loyalty program has been a challenge and the subject of extensive studies in the retail
industry for years.
Now, the search is over. Breakthroughs in Blockchain and IoT technologies o#er new ways to attract
customers and promise to be the front runner in helping retail stores drive foot tra"c and sales. Imagine
you have (1) Mozo, a liquid, tradeable, and exchangeable cryptocurrency, at the heart of this new
universal loyalty program network, a token that adheres to the well-established and popular Ethereum
blockchain network; (2) a digital wallet that can earn and redeem rewards globally and across merchants
wherever the internet connects you; and (3) rewards that are o#ered and collected via a smartphone app
that also allows you to discover products and services. With Mozo, consumers are turned into customers
driven to retailers that o#er and accept Mozo. With that, merchants will have the most e#ective and
e"cient loyalty program available, all under a business model that can be best described as the “Token
of Discovery”.

Not only can the application of Mozo replace existing point-based loyalty systems, and bring foot tra!c
to stores and malls, Mozo can also help reduce customer acquisition costs (CAC), enhance customer
lifetime value (CLTV), reduce churn rates (CR), and increase repeat purchase rates (RPR); these being the
fundamental parameters contributing to a pro"table retail business.

Opportunity
The exciting breakthroughs in technology described above present huge opportunities and expand the
size of the addressable markets for Project Mozo. Some of the key ones are as follows:
Loyalty Market The worldwide loyalty market, estimated to be US$ 300 Billion, makes the opportunity
presented by this technology even more interesting. To address such a large market, the goal for Project
Mozo is to unlock this mammoth loyalty market, support the larger retail industry, and reduce customer
acquisition costs shi#ing them away from advertising and discounting to Mozo. A 20% distribution of
loyalty market to the Asia-Paci"c region translates into US$60 Billion market opportunity addressable
by Project Mozo.
Digital Consumers In Asia alone, McKinsey predicted that by 2020 there will be approximately 1.7
billion consumers using digital banking in some form [4]. Even more so than in Western countries, Asian
consumers are highly motivated by promotions, discounts, vouchers, and the like. In short, monetary
rewards motivate consumers to turn into a walk-in customers opening up possibility that Project Mozo
will have a signi"cant impact "rst on the Asia-Paci"c retail market.

Foot Tra!c The addressable market related to annual foot tra!c encompasses 2.6 trillion walk-in
customers visiting 91 million physical stores globally, making average annual foot-tra!c of 28,000 per
store. A 30% distribution of the above "gures to Asia Paci"c region means 800 billion annual foot tra!c
and 27 million physical stores directly addressable by Project Mozo. Already, 38,000 physical stores
have committed to use Mozo technology, i.e. we have just achieved a fraction of this addressable market.

The majority of foot tra!c is concentrated around shopping malls in the Asia-Paci"c region. According
to our own estimates, there are a total of 6,600 shopping malls in the region, excluding Japan [7-12]. This
equates to a total real estate value of shopping malls of approximately US$6.6 Billion assuming an
average shopping mall real estate value of US$100 million each. A 20% increase in foot tra!c to these
shopping malls (driven by more foot tra!c generated by Mozo or its equivalent), translates into US$132
Billion increase in these malls value. This represents an enormous market opportunity for Project Mozo
and it is perhaps this addressable market where Project Mozo can bring its most signi"cant value
proposition.

Worldwide loyalty market

US$300 Billion
Global number of stores

91 Million Stores

38,000 Stores
COMMITTED to use Mozo

B&M market (90% of retail market)

$21.1 Trillion
Global foot trafﬁc (annually)

2.6 Trillion
walk-in customers

300,000 Stores

Asia-Paciﬁc loyalty market

US$60 Billion
Asia-Paciﬁc (excluding Japan)
number of mall

6,600 Malls

FORECAST in 3 years

Currently, we have signed up 38,000 stores which are committed to using Mozo upon its launch
(set for January 2019). Our target is to sign-up around 300,000 retail stores in 800 malls, or 12%
market share in Asia-Paci!c region in the next three years. This translates to annual foot tra"c
under our control of over 8 billion annually.

Signup 300,000 Stores
in 800 Malls
(Asia-Paciﬁc)

Control 8 Billion
in Foot Trafﬁc annually

Capture 20% Loyalty
Market Share
(Asia-Paciﬁc)

Increases Foot Trafﬁc 20%

US$16 Billion

US$14 Billion

US$12 Billion

Increase in Mall Valuation

Extra Revenue for Stores

Loyalty Market Value

Mozo Blueprint
Online e-commerce has been a successful !rst wave of growth for the retail industry, driven by the
arrival of the Internet over the last twenty years. Going forward, we believe that the blockchain-based
retail sector is on the verge of exponential growth and will form the next wave of growth. Project Mozo
provides critical building blocks needed for this new business segment to thrive:
1.

Discover products or services through IoT based devices

2.

Mozo, cryptocurrency to support loyalty program

3.

Solo, a proprietary blockchain network for microtransactions

4.

System to bridge Online-to-O"ine gap

5.

Data-driven product recommendation and shopper personalization

Secure Socket Layer for retail activities

Asymmetric
Cryptographic Security

Wallets management

Production (New arrival, sale…)

Virtual showroom

Event (Marketing, season…)

Gift

User preferences

Recommendation

Notiﬁcation

Search

Third party integration: SDK, API
Consumer APPs

IoT sensor services

Nearby

Favorite/Wishlist

Video/Image/Content/360* Image

Shared interests

eCoupon & Loyalty redeemption

O2O Smart Switch

Merchant APPs

Wallet

Mozo Marketplace

SOLO proprietary blockchain

Ethereum global blockchain

Private token exchange

Public token exchange

Network Security

Mozo Administrator’s
web services

2-Factor Password
access authentication

Venue Operator/
Merchant’s
web services

Public Wallets

Risks management

Private Key Distribution

Team Mozo has experimented with the O2O business model and these technology building blocks over
the past two years; with extensive !eld tests at both the shopping malls and individual retail stores. We
are now integrating our Mozo so#ware with the Ethereum blockchain network under the above
Blueprint. Below are descriptions of the major components of our Blueprint, beginning with Solo and
Ethereum blockchain integration.

How Does Mozo Work?
Shopping malls, hotels, resorts,
stadium, tourist destinations…

Venue Operators

Rewards for
increase Foot trafﬁc

Gifts

Rebate of rents,
coupons, or ads

Buy/Sell
tokens

Consumer

Friends

Redeem &
Rewards for increase
Foot trafﬁc

Buy/Sell
tokens

ERC
20
Buy/Sell
tokens

Merchant’s physical stores
or Redemption marketplace

Token exchanges

In the above ecosystem, Team Mozo has completed the implementation of Venue operators (such ase.g.,
shopping malls) in Mozo 1.0, and Merchant’s physical stores or redemption market places in Mozo 2.1.
We need to tie these and the other parts of the ecosystem together in our next so!ware release Mozo 3.0
and in subsequent releases. Now, let’s dis discuss how the Mozo concept can be implemented in the real
world.

Merchant Package:
Many merchants (malls and retailers) do not sign up for new programs due to time and cost constraints.
Mozo solves this by giving every merchant a “Mozo-in-a-Box” package. Mozo 3.0 will initially provide a
certain amount of Mozo Tokens free of charge to registered merchants as well as our custom-made
Beacon and Sticker sensors (Mozo can also work with QR Code and Barcode). Mozo-in-a-Box will enable
merchants to test revenue generating opportunities o"ered by Project Mozo before they commit any
budget on regular use basis. The amount of free Mozo Tokens, may be proportional to the merchant
gross #oor area.
Retailers and mall operators can mount Beacons on their ceiling or glue them on their walls, if they want
to reward consumer for entering their stores or malls. Retailers can also associate Stickers with products
and services they want consumers to discover and to calculate how many Mozo tokens they reward
consumers for doing so using the Mozo Retailer APP described in greater detail below. This same APP
allows store sta" to upload product information such as marketing collateral, inventories and prices,
allowing shoppers to discover these products just by bringing their smartphones close to the Beacons or
Stickers mounted on or attached to those displays or products. Of course, these shoppers must have a
previously downloaded Mozo Consumer APP onto their phone. Backed by a robust big data engine, the
data collected from the Consumer APP allows the retailer to gain valuable insights into its customers.

Air-Drop for Consumers:
The majority of consumers do not sign up for loyalty programs due to the inconveniences described
previously, and the time spent to complete registration. Mozo solves this by doing an air drop. For
consumers, Mozo 3.0 will air-drop some Mozo Tokens free of charge, when they download the
Consumer APP from Apple’s App Store or Google’s Play, as they walk into venue operators that are
members of Project Mozo. Venue operators such as shopping malls, may advertise Project Mozo in their
physical space where they want to increase foot-tra$c. This provides an initial incentive for consumers
to test Project Mozo’s exciting o"erings. Our o"erings to consumers will include: Mozo Token earning/
mining tools that are organized in easily navigated maps; product and services categories; a search
engine; and the ranking of highest earnings, among other features and functions. Also, Mozo 3.0 will
include a redemption marketplace where consumer’s desires and merchants’ products meet. A more
detailed description of this can be read in our whitepaper.
Project Mozo brings signi%cant bene%ts which should provide more than su$cient incentives to bring
walk-in customers back again. The table below describes many of the reasons why Project Mozo is
bene%cial to consumers.

For Consumers

Without

With

1.

No su#cient motivation to
go to brick-and-mortar store

Go to brick-and-mortar stores
to earn Mozo tokens

2.

Do not see value in current
rewards systems

Transparent rewards and easy
to use system applied across
merchants

3.

Cannot tough and feel products
online

Incentivize to go to stores and
try

We predict that early adopters of Project Mozo will be professionals, tourists, and tech savvy consumers.
In this way, our go-to-market strategy will be orientated to this group of early adopters !rst.

For Merchants

Without

With

1.

Little foot-tra#c or walk-in
customers

Increase foot-tra#c by 20%

2.

High customer acquisition costs
(CAC)

Pass CAC equivalent to
consumers in terms of Mozo
tokens, and bypass Google or
Facebook advertising fees

3.

Loyal programs don’t engage
new and repeat customers

Universal loyalty system that
rewards

4.

Cannot track shoppers and
their pro!les in real-time

Real time tracking and CRM for
shoppers that are in store

For Merchants, early adopters will be those willing to: o"er tokens to increase foot tra#c; modify their
existing reward programs; embrace cryptocurrencies and tokens as a means of exchange; and seek to be
part of a global, cross-merchant reward system. Early indications are good, as [8] shows a US-based
restaurant chain recently launched a successful new reward system using virtual tokens.

a)

How to earn/reward Mozo

Merchants can reward consumers with Mozo Tokens in many ways, each of which is a smart contract
between user-device, user-user, or user-system as described previously. “Reward”, as used here, means
to give Mozo Tokens. Speci!cally, consumers can be rewarded in !ve ways:
•

Newly-registered consumers who have just successfully downloaded the Consumer App at a
store, can be rewarded with Mozo Tokens through a “SHAKE” action on their phone. This is a
one-time reward as we assume that the user downloads only one time.

•

Earn Mozo Tokens every time the consumer enters the store (limited to once per day). This may
be an option for merchants who value consumer visits, such as a mall operator, hotelier, car
dealer, or other merchants selling products or services.

•

Customers can also be rewarded for the discovery of a new product, we call this a “ZAP”. ZAP is
an action wheereby a user phone is brought near to a Sticker that has been associated with a
product the retailer wishes customers to discover. Our Beacons have been pre-programmed with
a Bluetooth pulse that detects to a distance of 10 cm or less. We have also pre-programmed
these Beacons with 400ms broadcast interval to ensure that the Beacon battery will last for
more than 1 year, and hence this user action can be completed within a few seconds. A sound
noti!cation is sent to the customer’s phone to con!rm the discovery, and if he/she chooses to
take a look, then we launch the product information including video clips or promotional material
on their phone. This is good for new arrivals, and also provides a valuable tool for increasing
walk-ins.

•

BUY products at the Digitized Store or at the Mozo Redemption Marketplace using the Consumer
APP, assuming the consumer will pay using !at currencies, credit cards, or other payment
methods.. When customers select BUY, retailers can reward them with Mozo Tokens for their n
ext purchase as an option.

The amount of Mozo Tokens earned in this process of actions by customers is always pre-determined by
the retailer. For example, if the retailer wishes to reward a customer 1 Mozo Token for ZAPPING
(discovery) a new arrival product for a speci!ed period of time, then the customer can earn 1 Mozo
Token for doing so. All of the above are options available to the retailer. If the retailer does not want to
reward a certain action, they can simply set the reward equal

b)

How to use/redeem Mozo

To use Mozo Tokens for your regular transactions online or o!ine, simply select the payment option on
the Consumer APP when checking out. The Consumer APP will calculate how many Mozo tokens will be
deducted from the consumer wallet. This is done automatically, using the smart contract already
integrated into the Mozo system. Noted that the consumer’s digital wallet has to hold enough Mozo
Tokens for this transaction to be completed.
The Mozo Redemption Marketplace is also available on www.smartmozo.com website for those
consumers who have collected a su"cient amount of Mozo Tokens. Redemptions can be in the form of a
discount or cashback on product purchases (e.g., BUY action redeem 20% or 30% Mozo Tokens and 80%
cash, or redemption of 100% product price on the Mozo Redemption Marketplace only). Mozo 2.1
includes a Redemption Marketplace, where Mozo Tokens can be redeemed. Again, such redemptions are
supported by a smart contract integrated into the Mozo system.

c)

How to buy/sell Mozo

Consumers and Retailers can buy or sell Mozo Tokens at designated token exchanges. A#er the ICO,
Team Mozo will make applications for Mozo to be listed on one or more of virtual token exchanges, such
as those from Korea, Japan, and elsewhere. Note that the exchanges we have spoken to accept $at
currencies as well as popular tokens such as BTC, ETH, USDT etc. Consumers and Retailers can use BTC,
ETH, USDT, other popular tokens, or $at currencies to buy Mozo Tokens at the prevailing rates at these
exchanges.
When buying Mozo Tokens, the Tokens will deposited into the Consumer APP’s digital wallet upon
completion of the purchase, and are then ready to use. When selling Mozo Tokens, retailers can also buy
and sell Mozo Tokens at these designated token exchanges the same way as consumers can. Please refer
to the process applicable to each 3rd party virtual token exchange.

Roadmap
∠

IPS Test
Passed 100% test points on
Wanda e-Commerce Co
2015

Field Test
For online-to-ofﬂine
marketplace with

Pilot Test

Dasin Mall

Mozo Platform & App

Q1 2016

tested with 361 Degrees.
Revenue increased by 20%
End of 2016

White Paper
February, 2018

Github
Mozo software version 2.1
is published on Github
February, 2018

38,000 Stores
Committed to
Deploy Mozo

ICO Starts

April, 2018

Presale May 8 - July 22
Crowdsale July 23 - July 30

ICO Ends
July 30, 2018

Mozo 3.0
Integrate with new
digital wallets that run
on Ethereum
blockchain test bed
January, 2019

Mozo 4.0
Integrate with the
global Ethereum
network
June, 2019

Mozo 5.0
Apply Machine
Learning and AI
techniques plus
integration with SOLO
January, 2020

Sign Up
300,000 Stores

∠

Q4 2021

Founders

Giang Phung
CEO

Dan Carroll
CFO

Thang Ton That
CTO

Danny Do

Jake Byongsok Yu

CMO

CEO - Korea

Core Team

Trang Le

Rebecca Chen

Dylan Jorn

Beam Woo Choi

Hyun Min Roh

Product Manager

Public Relations

Digital Marketing
- USA

Digital Marketing
- Korea

Digital Marketing
- Korea

Que Tran

An Tran

Tuan Truong

Big Data Scientist

Core Developer

Core Developer

Toan Tran

Truc Thai

Danh Ngo

Core Developer

Core Developer

Blockchain Developer

Vu Nguyen

Thai Phan

Dang Ngo

Blockchain Developer

Blockchain Developer

Mobile App Developer

Tuan Mai

Tuan Nguyen

Thuc Anh

Mobile App Developer

Web Developer

Web Developer

Tam Truong

In Hyuk Jeong

Kyu Ho Lee

UX/UI Designer

UX/UI Designer - Korea

UX/UI Designer - Korea

Advisors

Avishai Ziv
(Israel)

Chong Kuan Yew
(Singapore)

ICO Advisor

Chi Ngo
(Belgium)

Blockchain Specialist

James Phung
(Singapore)

Fund Raiser

Daein Jeong
(Korea)

Big Data Expert

Fund Raiser

Steven Moustakas
(USA)

Internet Startup Guru

Lee Mun-Young
(Korea)
Business Advisor

Our Partners

Wanda Group

Zhongshan Dasin Pass Technology

361 Degrees

Suntec City Mall

Nanchang, China

Zhongshan, China

Xiamen, China

Singapore

Dongdaemun Commerce Group

TOBESOFT

Alignment Ventures

Singulariteam

Seoul, Korea

Seoul, Korea

Israel

Israel

Gatecoin

Crypto IB

Hong Kong

Hong Kong

