CHAIN
Machine to Machine Mesh Network

White Paper

PRODUCED BY
MTC MESH NETWORK
FOUNDATION PTE. LTD

All of our blockchain networks are currently operating in a centralized network

Now, this will be REVERSED!
MTC Machines and Decentralized Mesh Network which is used to link Machines

MTC Mesh Network

MTC Mesh Network, a kind of Mesh network, connects one machine with another in
the IoT, so as to achieve correspondence between them. It is a decentralized
network protocol, with its correspondence being conducted by mutual data exchange
between communication modules installed in these machines, like BlE and Wifi. In
the Mesh Network, every machine, such as mobile phone, refrigerator, automobile,
cash register and robot, can be a node. And these nodes could communicate with
each other without the traditional internet, because MTC is a totally-decentralized
Mesh Network protocol. For blockchain network and IoT of new generation, MTC
Mesh Network is the foundation. That is, once MTC Mesh Network is built, all
blockchain projects and IoT machines can exchange information and make
transactions rapidly and conveniently, even offline. MTC can support all blockchain
projects, including Bitcoin, Ethereu,, EOS, Qtum and Achain, to enable them to shift
value and enable IoT equipment to transfer data. In this way, network congestion
caused by large qualities of transactions is unblocked; IoT does not need build costly
private network to transmit data. In short, it will become the mainstream network for
decentralized near field communication and the IoT.

MTC Mesh Network Open platform

IOS

Android

Open Platform

Javascript

BLE Module

MTC, a totally-open-source project, supports various
systems, such as IOS, Android and JS to get access to
MTC network protocol quickly and provides lots of API
cases, so that your intelligence devices can enjoy function
of near field communication brought by Mesh Network in
just 5 minutes. For instance, this can be used in forms of
offline internet chat, near-field interaction App, Blockchain
wallet, wisdom city, indoor localization, near-field offline
payment as well as IoT control system. All the applications
based on MTC mesh network combine with each other to
form a node-to-node Mesh network.
Our core operation team once had participated similar IoT
open platforms and attracted almost 10, 000 users. Taking
the advantage of existed technologies and resources, MTC
funding will continually develp the MTC network protol to a
deeper level, with its target to cooperate with 50,000 Apps
in 3 years, with the user coverage of MTC Mesh Network
reaching one billion.

Mesh+BlockChain
Mesh Network, namely wireless mesh network, which evolves from ad hoc networks
and is a multi-hop network, is one of the vital technologies to address the “last mile”
logistics problem. In the process of developing a new networking, wireless is
indispensable. Wireless mesh network, a dynamic self-organized networking
structure which can be expanded gradually, can achieve cooperative
communication with other networks, enabling two or multiple devices to maintain
wireless connectivity.
Mesh network is currently applied in occasions where the network environment are
complicated and near field communication are needed, such as underground
parking lot, mine field, disaster rescue and relief and the control system of IoT.
The combination between the decentralized blockchain network protocol with the
decentralized infrastructure of Mesh networking technology will promote the birth of
a new underlying communication protocol which will be applied in the blockchain
network and the IoT.
At present, the combination of blockchain and Mesh network are mainly used by
four projects globally, namely Smart Mesh, Right Mesh, Nodle Team and our MTC
Mesh Network. And in these projects, Mesh network are mainly applied by two
forms.
One is the offline communication application between different mobile phones, such
as chatting, playing game, blockchain payment. Typical projects are Smart Mesh
and Right Mesh.
The other is specialized communication network for the IoT, such as data collection
of IoT devices and near field offline payment. Typical projects are Nodle and MTC.
Smart Mesh, an ethereum-based application, can support all offline transactions
and offline communication protocol by transacting ERC20 Tokens. And it charges
certain amount of SMT tokens as commission while helping clients who possess
ERC20 assests with offline transactions.
Afterwards, Smart Mesh introduced Mesh Box as one offline node and issued a new
type of token to support the Mesh network, enabling clients to build distributed node
system and conduct bitcoin mining through Mesh Box.

Mesh+BlockChain

MTC Mesh Network will develop our own primary blockchain
network to address problems, like low transaction speed of
ethereum-based network and costly commission and to
support the offline transaction of almost all blockchain assest,
including BTC, ERC20, EOS and QTUM. The application of
MTC primary networking tokens makes the possibility of zero
transaction fee of offline transactions become reality, with
focus on helping the IoT devices to build fundamental Mesh
networ to replace the existing costly Wide-area network
stations, like Lora and NB-IOT and other applications of Nodle.
In this way, clients can be rewarded with MTC tokens due to
sharing their own cell phones to provide network support to IoT
deveices. Network communication expenditure will be cut by
80% per year if the MTC Mesh network is used. MTC, apart
from providing Mesh communication for IoT devices, launches
services of Mesh Station for IoT enterprises. Services include
storing data and building Mesh network nodes as well as
enables these nodes to conduct transactions in the MTC
system. For clients can build the Mesh Stationto maintain the
security of MTC network and earn earn MTC Tokens through
sharing data storage space.

MTC Mesh Network network architecture

Mesh Station

Distributed Mesh nodes are
globally synchronized

After receiving the broadcast data, any terminal
in the Mesh network is connected to
A wide area IoT node or internet will
synchronize broadcast data to Mesh Station

Wide area
transport layer

eLTE
NB-IOT

Internet

Synchronous transmission/
asynchronous transmission.
Near field mesh communication

Through the terminal bluetooths or Wi-Fi of each IoT to convey data from the Mesh Ad-Hoc
Network, MTC network can convey information to all IoT terminals in the occasion of BLE
modules, with one single bluetooth covering 50 meters (Wi-Fi 100 meters), and it can
extend infinitely network coverage by connecting node to node. In this way, terminal devices
can make the one-to-multiple communication come true even when there is no public
network. That is to say, once any device, in the whole Mesh network, had the opportunity to
get access to public network, it will convey all data to Mesh Station to synchronize all data
to the Mesh network system. In this indefinitely-extended network, you can make mobile
payment, play on-line games, chat with others, conduct IoT communication, and etc..

MTC Mesh Network IOT

Stack
Service layer
Data format
Protocol Layer
Transport Layer
Connectivity Layer

IOT
Mesh SDK
Device Management
Mesh module

Trinary /Binary , Json

MAM MQTT, XMPP

MTC

Bluetooth LE
Wi-Fi
eLte /lora /NB-IOT

BLOCK CHAIN
Wallet App
Mesh SDK
Mesh Station

Web3.js

Geth/ Meshstation

MTC

Swarm
LES/P2P/Whishper

MTC is a blockchain network, with fetures of distributed ledger and
node-to-node.Different from the traditional blockchain network whose
data communication is often blocked because of limited size of blocks,
installment of many sub-nodes can guarantee rapid communication and
Off-Chain transactions. Meanwhile, encouraging individual users to
share network nodes with other IoT devices by awarding them MTC
Tokens to address problems like networking and data storage. One-to
multiple Mesh network at the bottom-layer of the near field Mesh
communication is based on many protocols like BEL/WiFi. With the
increase of Mesh Station which is orgnized by distributed nodes, MTC
Mesh network will become better and better. It co-works with other
mainstream blockchain network, including Bitcoin, Eth, Eos and Ae, and
IoT sensors to build a fundamental network protol for the IoT sector.

MTC Mesh Network IOT node

Linking each intelligent devices by MTC Mesh network to
for a new basic network, in which not only the smartphone
can act as node, but also all other intelligent devices
around us can play as nodes.

MTC Mesh Token and MTC main network

First of all, MTC Mesh Token adopts a smart contract based on
ERC20 tokens, which can be short for MTC. Ethereum is a pubic,
distributed and open-source blockchain platform, rpviding a
distributed turing-complete virtual machine to support the operation
of the smart contract. MTC is used to motivate MTC node users or
producers to purchase services in the MTC system. For instance, the
IoT enterprises can use the MTC network to link their IoT devices to
conduct communication. Clients will be rewarded with MTC tokens if
they link their smartphones and other Mesh Stattion nodes with the
Mesh network.
MTC Mesh Token will replace ERC20 Token which is based on
Ethereum with MTC main network token. MTC main network adopts
a distributed way which is guaranteed by POS Proof of Stake, with
users being able to set Mesh Station in the MTC networ to protect
the security of the whole network. What’s more, every Mesh Station
can share other users with its own networking and data storage
space, to earn MTC tokens by offering data storage service with IoT
enterprises.
MTC Mesh main networ can support transaction of over 10,000 TPS
and any payment in MTC tokens will charge Gas fee. For example,
Arron pays Bob 5 MTC and Bob will receive 5 MTC which means
the MTC platform will charge nil in the transactions. It is because
users have already earned profitable MTC tokens by sharing their
networking and storage sapce while they develop the POS Mesh
Station. Since the Mesh Station comes with POS Proof of Stake, users
do not need to build extral stations for MTC network. Plus, the fact that
Mesh Station comes with BEL modules will enable users to earn MTC
tokens by collecting data of various IoT devices and reporting to IoT
enterprises.

MTC Offline Paymen

Living in an era when mobile payment is prevailing, any third-party
payment platforms can not provide payment services as normal when
the internet is cut off or the signal is weak. However, MTC makes the
offline payment become reality for the first time.
MTC offline payment will confirm the transaction quickly through Mesh
Nodes at first. And then, it will use the MTC Mesh network to convey
synchronously the transaction data to offline nodes. MTC users can
encrypt their transaction information by transfering signature by
bluetooths of cellphones or Wi-Fi and make offline payment by
confirming any node who is access to the Internet, to guarantee that
the transaction data is notorized by clients.

Task failure

Task to complete
Radio
Transactions Task
to Every node

Arron

MTC

MTC

Offline

Offline

Tom

MT
Online

Jack’s Smart refrigerator

Ruby

I.E.
At the starters, Arron and Tom build a communication channel on the
Internet by using any MTC Apps or blockchain wallets that are linking the
MTC network and pleage a certain capital respectively. In the offline
environment, users can make use of MTC, BTC, ETH and other
blockchain assets to make payment.
·Arron/Tom/Jack’s refrigerator/Ruby builds an offline Mesh network by
mobile phone MTC App.
·Arron transmit the transaction information which is encrypted by
signature to the whole Mesh network and all the four parties will store and
encrype the transaction data.
·Once the Internet is available or any node links to the Internet, it will
synchronize the cryptographic transaction information to all Mesh Nodes,
and then transaction data will be verified and completed.
·Mesh Node is a distributed one, supporting all blockchain network, which
is similar to the Lightning Network of Bitcion and Rainden Network of
Ethereum. It functions as guaranty and enables clients to conduct timely
micropayment. If Arrom cheat others, the tokens he has pledged at the
Mesh Node will be deducted and given to Tom.
·Mesh Node is totoall disinterested. It will support amlost all mainstream
blockchain networks as their pulic nodes, including Bitcoin, Eth, Eod and
AE.
·When Arron and Tom conduct offline transactions, all the four parties will
store and encrype the transaction information. And once the Internet is
available, any party can make synchronical verification of the data to
guarantee the security and prevent the data from tampering.

MTC Near field non sense

Near-field Internet of Things (IoT) aware payment without or with network

If you have reserved the goods in advance, and the payment App used
the MTC Mesh network, you cellphone will be auto-wake-up and remind
that you are arriving the target location. Your real-time position will be
displayed on the terminal of the corresponding shop, and they will deliver
your goods to you.

MTC network helps IoT enterprises, for example vending machine,
sharable charger to conduct transactions with no web support, saving
costs on communication and communication module, sfor example,
WIFI and 4G. It can verify the validity of the payment through the
user's phone and send back the authentication information to the IoT
terminal offline.

MTC Internet of Things

Sharing Mesh Network Resources With Iot To Earn Mtc Tokens

In reality, a large number of IoT devices require network and LBS
information support, such as electricity, gas, shared bikes, anti-lost
alarm, smart trash can and street lamp. They pay tens of millions
per year to get online communication services. In the future, IoT
industry will save more than half of the online communication fees
once MTC sharing Mesh network is applied.

MTC Mesh network can provide Mesh network for low-power anti-lost devices for
children.

Traditional children anti-lost devices is poor in its localization
technology and can be used in outdoor only. Due to its high power
consumption ability, it can be used in less than one week with data
updating in every ten minutes. After companies adopted MTC Mesh
network, they will get access to almost real-time outdoor and indoor
geographical location information. Besides, it can achieve more than
half a year's service life with the MTC Mesh low power consumption
chip.

MTC Product

Providing Mesh network SDK for all kinds of App
It only takes 5 minutes for developers to connect Mesh
network
Contributing network nodes for achieving national Mesh

SDK

BLE Mesh module

Mesh Station
Mesh network-less
node (mine machine)

BEL Mesh module for IoT enterprises
By sharing Mesh nodes, it can help IoT enterprises build a state -of -the
art IoT network with high efficiency and low cost.

MTC business model

Users need to have MTC in order to make offline Mesh trade if they planned to
pay by non-MTC tokens. It will charge a certain amount of MTC as Gas and
reward it to miners, but if the user pay in MTC, it will be free.

IoT enterpriese users must use MTC Token to buy the right of use of Mesh network an
the distributed data storage service.
Big data access and analysis need to consume MTC Tokens.

MTC Token Allocation

MTC team will firstly release MTC token based on ERC20 token
standard. The total amount will be 1 billion. It will be converted to
MTC network tocken after the master network start running.
Total private placement 40% 400 million MTC tokens
MTC network sharing node reward 35% 350 million MTC tokens, dunked down
every 20 years once every six months
MTC Team 10%
100 million MTC tokens
foundation 10%
100 million MTC tokens
Early investors 5%
50 million MTC tokens
Early investors
5%
fundation
10%
Team
10%

Private equity
40%

Mining
35%

In order to keep the project sustainable, MTC has strict restictions on the lift of
ban of the token possessed by MTC team. The token possessed by the team
will be frozed for 2 years.

MTC Token Usage Plan

MTC
20%

MTC development

30%
promotion

50%

IOT Mesh node
construction set up

MTC Research and Develpment MTC network early stage
research investment. It will achieve profit in 2 years and
undertake the research and development expenditure by itself.

Project Operation and Promotion
Global market
promotion, mainly including mobile users, goverments
and smart cities, energy and shared economic fields.
IOT Mesh nodes contribution collaborate with goverment
and shared economic enterprises to build smart city, public
paking lot and electricity and to build IOT Mesh nodes of
gas energy, IOT LBS and etc projects.

MTC token reward rules
You can share your cellphone as the Mesh node of the MTC network to win
token reward. Reward calculation method: the amount of token possessed by
user×the amount of time user posessed the token×the amount of time of
celephone node sharing×the amount of transactions made by your node and
the amount of mission reported by IOT data
Share Mesh network node

Mesh Station

You can buy Mesh Station as the ore machine and POS common node in MTC
Mesh Network. It adopts the mixed mining mechanism of POS + storage space
+ networking + Mesh network Sharing, allocating Mesh Station in scenes to
win token reward. Reward calculation method: the amount of token possessed
by user×the amount of time user posessed the token×the amount of time
online×the storage space occupied×network bandwidth × the amount of
payment transactions made in the base station or the amount of mission
reported by IOT data.

MTC milestone

2017.5
Technical team /
operations team set up
Technical architecture designTechnical
architecture design

2017.12
Completed $ 8.5 million private placement to sell 40% tokens
400 million MTC tokens
Support ETHMesh networkless transactions
Mesh network trading wallet 0.1Bata on-line

2018.Q1
MTC Mesh Wallets support BTC / ETH / Qtum /
webless transaction development
Mesh Station development
MTC Main Chain development
Mesh SDK v0.1 development

2018.Q2
Mesh Station v1.0bata public on-line test.
Mesh SDK v1.0bata public on-line test.
Mesh Wallet v1.0bata public on-line test.

2018.Q3
Open node share mining.
Station/SDK/Wallet/MTC Main Network public on-line test.
Global operations promotion.

2018.Q4
IOT project cooperation implementation.
1000 App access Mesh node SDK.

2019-2020
Combined with government/enterprises, the construction
of Mesh network nodes of 300,000 iot assets is completed
each year.
50000+App access MTC network node SDK.
Can cover hundreds of millions of users to build Mesh
network.

MTC Team

Arron Lee
Serial entrepreneur, multiple IOT project financing
and successful launch experience
The founder of the Offdoo technology
Founder of BrightBeacon technology
10 years experience in Internet/Internet of things
products.

Meng CHili
JCBLE Founder.
World leading LPWAN solution team Leader.
Worked for China unicom/SICMICRO for 15 years
in wireless communication field/IC integrated
semiconductor industry

He Tao
Co-founder of Bright Beacon
Developer of Ethereum Community Forum
Eight-year experience of researching and developing mobible Internet;
Participated in over 30 R&D and design projects related to mobile
application; Domestic pioneer in developing navidation engine for
indoor localization, a technology has been used by over tens
thousands of developers; Original technology of BLE Mesh realizes
offline communication, with it coverage reaching 200 and control
mobile Apps of IOS and Android by remote activation of back-end
application through Mesh Network.

Li Shipping
Founder of jcble.com
15-year experience in research and developing communication protocol, IC and
device driver
In 2004: Hired by Haier (Beijing) IC Design Co., Ltd. and in charge of the R&D
of core chips, IC and devide driver
In 2009: Hired by Thomson (Beijing) Friendly Technology, leader of the R&D
team of IC chips
In 2009: Manage of the R&D Department of
Chongqing China Silian Instruments and Meters Group
Independently developed Logan ans Lpwan
Many patents of LPWAN

Professor.RanPeng
Associate Profess, Master of the University of Manchester
Mainly engage in the research and development of new technologies and
devices of intelligent inspection
Participated in the 863 Program (National High-tech R&D Program) and
major international scientific and technological cooperation projects
Charged and participated in over 10 research projects all both national
and provincial level
Published over 20 pieces of journal articles and obtained over 10 patents
Completed projects as the pricinpal head, namely the national key
industrial projects “ Wearable IoT Intelligent Terminal Device” and the
crossing research project “On-line Monitoring System of Environmental
Information ”
Products have been accepted and adopted in many industries, like
healthcare, education, military and police

Dr.PangYu
Ph.D graduated from the McGill University in 2010
Has been enaged in long-term technical research of
photoelectric detecting and Mesh communication of low-power short-range
Mainly participated in assembling Chongqing Key Laboratory of
“Photoelectric information Detecting and Transmission Technology”,
orgnizing Chongqing innovation team addressing the development of
“Wisdom Healthcare System and Key Technology ”, building of Chongqing
Postdoctoral Centre and Studios for Chief Experts in Chongqing.
Headed 2 research projects of the National Natural Science Foundation, 3
research projects of provincial level and focused on one national specific
research project and 3 provincial key projects
Published more than 60 SCI/EI academic articles, a monograph, and won
more than 10 national invention patents
Holding concurrent posts of Nan'an District CPPCC Member, Member of
the Chinese Institute of Electronics, Member of IEEE, commissioned as
Shenzhen Overseas Student Entrepreneurial Expert.

MTC investors

Sun Zheyu
The Co-founder of Coldlar, the academic member of financial
science and technology innovation laboratory of Peking
University, the vice president of Hongjia Investment, and the
well-known angel investor in blockchain who has been
interviewed by CCTV and The Guardian.

Ju Xie
Working on full-time research and investment in block chain
products from 2013, and is early participants in the bitshares
and etheric projects, Bitshares Director, Co-founder of Bit
startup, Co-founder of YOYOW project, CEO of WeiQie
Information Technology Co., Ltd.

Wang Yajing
Former Global Market Leader of TaiG jailbreak team (the first
domestic team of iOS jailbreak), who is now iPIN marketing
partner of AI Business cognitive analysis platform.

Liu Changyong
Chairman and co-founder of Taide Caichuang
Co-founder of True-Bit forum
The popular science author of Digital Currency and Blockchain.
Symposiastx and Online forum manager of Babbitt
Doctor of economics, Peking University.
Associate professor, Chongqing Technology and Business
University.

Huang Jian
Investor of Blockchain
EMBA, Guanghua School of Management, Peking University
Former Partner of Bitcoin Foundation

MTC investors

Chu Zhuang
Former CITIC Trust CIO
The current Rui Bao Gold Service CEO CITIC
Micro Finance 50 forums the first sponsor

Zhang HaiHui
Blockchain Business Angel
Secratary of BCDO
Secratary of WeFinance 50 Forum

Wang Binsheng
Blockchain angel investors
Blockchain United Development Organization consultant
Graduate School of Social Sciences Distinguished Professor

Mesh network operators for the Internet of things

