Muzika
White Paper

DISCLAIMERS
Please read this entire section carefully. If you are in any doubt as to the action you should take, please consult your legal, financial, tax or other professional advisor(s).
1.1
(a)

(b)

(c)
(d)

(e)
(f)
(g)
(h)

1.2
(a)

(b)

1.3
(a)

Legal Statement
This Whitepaper (“Whitepaper”), in its current form, is circulated for general information purposes only in relation to the platform and applications described in the
Whitepaper (“Platform”) as presently conceived and is subject to review and revision. Please note that this Whitepaper is a work in progress and the information in this
Whitepaper is current only as of the date on the cover hereof. Thereafter, the information, including information concerning Muzika Foundation PTE. LTD. (the “Company”)
business operations and financial condition may have changed. We reserve the right to change, modify, add or delete parts of this Whitepaper or website without notice for
any reason or at any time.
No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the sale and purchase of the tokens native to the Platform (“MZK” or “Token”) and
no payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper. Any sale and purchase of the Token will be governed by a legally binding agreement, the details of which will
be made available separately from this Whitepaper. In the event of any inconsistencies between the abovementioned agreement and this Whitepaper, the former shall prevail.
This Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion on any advice to sell, or any solicitation of any offer by the issuer/distributor/vendor of the Token to
purchase any Token nor shall it or any part of it nor the fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or investment decision.
The Tokens are not intended to constitute securities, units in a business trust, or units in a collective investment scheme, each as defined under the Securities and Futures Act
(Cap. 289) of Singapore, or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction. Accordingly, this Whitepaper therefore, does not, and is not intended to, constitute a prospectus, profile
statement, or offer document of any sort, and should not be construed as an offer of securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or
any other form of investment, or a solicitation for any form of investment in any jurisdiction.
No Token should be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as enabling, or according any opportunity to, purchasers to participate in or receive profits, income, or other
payments or returns arising from or in connection with the Platform, the Token, or products, or to receive sums paid out of such profits, income, or other payments or returns.
This Whitepaper or any part hereof may not be reproduced, distributed or otherwise disseminated in any jurisdiction where offering coins/tokens in the manner set out this
Whitepaper is regulated or prohibited.
No regulatory authority has reviewed, examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction.
Where you wish to purchase any Token, the Tokens are not to be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as: (a) any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency; (b)
debentures, stocks or shares issued by any entity; (c) rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares; (d) rights under a contract for differences
or under any other contract with the purpose or pretended purpose to secure a profit or avoid a loss; or (e) units or derivatives in a collective investment scheme or business
trust, or any other type of securities.
Restrictions on Distribution and Dissemination
The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part thereof may be prohibited or restricted by the laws or regulatory requirements of any jurisdiction. In the case
where any restriction applies, you are to inform yourself about, to obtain legal and other relevant advice on, and to observe, any restrictions which are applicable to your
possession of this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be) at your own expense and without liability to the Company or its representatives, agents, and related
companies (“Affiliates”).
Persons to whom a copy of this Whitepaper has been distributed or disseminated, provided access to or who otherwise have the Whitepaper in their possession shall not
circulate it to any other persons, reproduce or otherwise distribute this Whitepaper or any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit or cause the
same to occur.
Disclaimer of Liability
The Token, the Platform and related services provided by the Company and its Affiliates are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. The Company and its Affiliates
do not grant any warranties or make any representation, express or implied or otherwise, as to the accessibility, quality, suitability, accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of
the Token, the Platform or any related services provided by the Company and its Affiliates, and expressly disclaim any liability for errors, delays, or omissions in, or for any
2
action taken in reliance on, the Token, the Platform and related services provided by the Company and its Affiliates.

(b)

(c)

1.4
(a)

(b)

(c)

The Company, its Affiliates and its directors, officials and employees do not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaim, any representation, warranty or undertaking in
any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the
information set out in this Whitepaper.
To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws and regulations, the Company and its Affiliates shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential
or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in
connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you.
Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements
Certain information set forth in this Whitepaper includes forward-looking information regarding the future of the project, future events and projections. These statements are
not statements of historical fact and may be identified by but not limited to words and phrases such as “will”, “estimate”, “believe”, “expect”, “project”, “anticipate”, or
words of similar meaning. Such forward-looking statements are also included in other publicly available materials such as presentations, interviews, videos etc., information
contained in this Whitepaper constitutes forward-looking statements including but not limited to future results, performance, or achievements of the Company or its Affiliates.
The forward-looking statements involve a variety of risks and uncertainties. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and no undue reliance should be
placed on them. Should any of these risks or uncertainties materialise, the actual performance and progress of the Company or its Affiliates might differ from expectations
set by the forward-looking statements. The Company or its Affiliates undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements should there be any change in
circumstances. By acting upon forward-looking information received from this Whitepaper, the Company or its Affiliates’ website and other materials produced by the
Company or its Affiliates, you personally bear full responsibility in the event where the forward-looking statements do not materialize.
As of the date of this Whitepaper, the Platform has not been completed and is not fully operational. Any description pertaining to and regarding the Platform is made on the
basis that the Platform will be completed and be fully operational. However, this paragraph shall in no way be construed as providing any form of guarantee or assurance that
the Platform will eventually be completed or be fully operational.

1.5
Potential Risks
By purchasing, holding and using the Tokens, you expressly acknowledge and assume the risks set out in this section If any of these risks and uncertainties develops into actual events,
the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of the Company or its Affiliates may be materially and adversely affected. In such cases, you may lose all or part
of the value of the Token. Such risks include but are not limited to the following:
Risks Relating to the Tokens
(a)
There may not be a public or secondary market for the Tokens
The Tokens are intended to be native tokens to be used on the Platform, and the Company and its Affiliates have not and may not actively facilitate any secondary trading or external
trading of Tokens. In addition, there is and has been no public market for the Tokens and the Tokens are not traded, whether on any cryptocurrency exchange or otherwise.
In the event that the Tokens are traded on a cryptocurrency exchange, there is no assurance that an active or liquid trading market for the Tokens will develop or if developed,
be sustained. There is also no assurance that the market price of the Tokens will not decline below the purchase amount paid for the Tokens, which is not indicative of such
market price.
A Token is not a currency issued by any central bank or national, supra-national or quasi-national organisation, nor is it backed by any hard assets or other credit. The Company and
its Affiliates are not responsible for nor do they pursue the circulation and trading of the Tokens on the market. Trading of the Tokens merely depends on the consensus on
its value between the relevant market participants, and no one is obliged to acquire any Token from any holder of the Token, including the purchasers of the Tokens, nor
does anyone guarantee the liquidity or market price of the Tokens to any extent at any time. Accordingly, the Company and its Affiliates cannot ensure that there will be any
demand or market for the Tokens, or that the price upon which the Tokens were purchased is indicative of the market price of the Tokens if they are made available for
trading on a cryptocurrency exchange.

3

Risks Relating to the Company, its Affiliates and the Platform
(a)
Limited availability of sufficient information
The Platform is still at an early development phase as of the date of this Whitepaper. Its governance structure, purpose, consensus mechanism, algorithm, code, infrastructure design
and other technical specifications and parameters may be updated and changed frequently without notice. While this Whitepaper contains the key information currently
available in relation to the Platform, it is subject to adjustments and updates from time to time, as announced on the Company’s website. Purchasers will not have full access
to all the information relevant to the Tokens and/or the Platform. Nevertheless, it is anticipated that significant milestones and progress reports will be announced on the
Company’s website.
(b)
The digital assets raised in the sale of the Tokens are exposed to risks of theft
(i)
Whilst the Company and its Affiliates will make every effort to ensure that the [ETH] received from the sale of Tokens are securely held through the implementation of
security measures, there is no assurance that there will be no theft of the cryptocurrencies as a result of hacks, mining attacks, sophisticated cyber-attacks, distributed denials of
service or errors, vulnerabilities or defects on such blockchain addresses, the Ethereum Blockchain, or any other blockchain, or otherwise. Such events may include, for
example, flaws in programming or source code leading to exploitation or abuse thereof. In such event, even if the sale of Tokens is completed, the Company and its Affiliates
may not be able to receive the cryptocurrencies raised and the Company and its Affiliates may not be able to utilise such funds for the development of the Platform, and the
launch of the Platform might be temporarily or permanently curtailed. As such, the issued Tokens may hold little worth or value. The Tokens are uninsured, unless you
specifically obtain private insurance to insure them. In the event of any loss or loss of value of the Tokens, you may have no recourse.
(c)
The blockchain address(es) may be compromised and the digital assets may not be able to be retrieved
(i)
The blockchain address(es) are designed to be secured. However, in the event that the blockchain address(es) for the receipt of purchase amounts or otherwise are, for any
reason, compromised (including but not limited to scenarios of the loss of keys to such blockchain address(es), the funds held at such blockchain address(es) may not be able to
be retrieved and disbursed, and may be permanently unrecoverable. In such event, even if the sale of the Tokens is successful, the Company and its Affiliates will not be able
to receive the funds raised and the Company and its Affiliates will not be able to utilise such funds for the development of the Platform, and the implementation of the Platform
might be temporarily or permanently curtailed. As such, distributed Tokens may hold little worth or value.
(d)
There is no assurance of any success of the Platform and the Company and its Affiliates may cease the development, launch and operation of the Platform
The value of, and demand for, the Tokens hinges heavily on the performance of the Platform. There is no assurance that the Platform will gain traction after its launch and achieve
any commercial success. The Platform has not been fully developed, finalised and integrated and is subject to further changes, updates and adjustments prior to its launch.
Such changes may result in unexpected and unforeseen effects on its projected appeal to users, and hence impact its success. There are no guarantees that the process for
creating the Tokens will be uninterrupted or error-free.
While the Company has made every effort to provide a realistic estimate, there is also no assurance that the cryptocurrencies raised in the sale of Tokens will be sufficient for the
development and integration of the Platform. For the foregoing or any other reason, the development and integration of the Platform may not be completed and there is no
assurance that its systems, protocols or products will be launched at all. As such, distributed Tokens may hold little or no worth or value.
Additional reasons which may result in the termination of the development, launch or operation of the Platform includes, but is not limited to, (aa) an unfavourable fluctuation in the
value of cryptographic and fiat currencies, (bb) the inability of the Company and its Affiliates to establish the Platform or the Tokens’ utility or to resolve technical problems
and issues faced in relation to the development or operation of the Platform or the Token, the failure of commercial relationships, (cc) intellectual property disputes during
development or operation, and (dd) changes in the future capital needs of the Company or its Affiliates and the availability of financing and capital to fund such needs. For
the aforesaid and other reasons, the Platform may no longer be a viable project and may be dissolved or simply not launched, negatively impacting the Platform and the
potential utility and value of the Tokens.
(e)
There may be lack of demand for the Platform and the services provided, which would impact the value of the Tokens
There is a risk that upon launching of the Platform, there is a lack of interest from consumers, merchants, advertisers, and other key participants for the Platform and the services, and
that there may be limited interest and therefore use of the Platform and the Tokens. Such a lack of interest could impact the operation of the Platform and the uses or
potential value of the Tokens.
There is a risk of competition from alternative platforms that may have been established, or even from existing businesses which would target any segment of the potential users of
the Platform fulfilling similar demands, e.g. corporations targeting advertisers seeking purchase consumer data and market analysis. Therefore, in the event that the
competition results in a lack of interest and demand for the Platform, the services and the Tokens, the operation of the Platform and the value of the Tokens may be
4
negatively impacted.

(f)
(i)

(ii)

The Company and its Affiliates may experience system failures, unplanned interruptions in its network or services, hardware or software defects, security breaches
or other causes that could adversely affect the Company or its Affiliates’ infrastructure network, or the Platform
The Company and its Affiliates are unable to anticipate or detect when there would be occurrences of hacks, cyber-attacks, mining attacks (including but not limited to doublespend attacks, majority mining power attacks and “selfish-mining” attacks), distributed denials of service or errors, vulnerabilities or defects in the Platform, the Tokens, or any
technology (including but not limited to smart contract technology) on which the Company, its Affiliates, the Platform, the Tokens, rely on or the Ethereum Blockchain or any
other blockchain. Such events may include, for example, flaws in programming or source code leading to exploitation or abuse thereof. The Company and its Affiliates may
not be able to detect such issues in a timely manner, and may not have sufficient resources to efficiently cope with multiple service incidents happening simultaneously or in
rapid succession.
Although the Company and its Affiliates will be taking steps against malicious attacks on its appliances or its infrastructure, which are critical for the maintenance of the
Platform and its other services, there can be no assurance that cyber-attacks, such as distributed denials of service, will not be attempted in the future, and that any of such
security measures will be effective. Any significant breach of security measures or other disruptions resulting in a compromise of the usability, stability and security of the
Company and its Affiliates’ network or services, including the Platform.

Risks Relating to the Participation in the Sale of Tokens
(a)
You may not be able to recover the purchase amount paid for the Tokens
(i)
Except as provided under any applicable terms of sale or prescribed by applicable laws and regulations, the Company is not obliged to provide you with a refund of the
purchase amount. No promises of future performance or price are or will be made in respect to the Tokens, including promises of inherent value or continuing payments, and
there is no guarantee that the Tokens will hold any particular value. Therefore, the recovery of the purchase amount may be impossible or may be subject to applicable laws
and regulations.
(b)
You may be subject to adverse legal and/or tax implications as a result of the purchase, distribution and use of the Tokens
(i)
The legal character of cryptocurrency and cryptographic assets remain uncertain. There is a risk that the Tokens may be considered securities in certain jurisdictions, or may be
considered to be securities in certain jurisdictions in the future. The Company and its Affiliates does not provide any warranty or guarantee as to how the Tokens will be
classified, and each purchaser will bear all consequences of the Tokens being considered securities in their respective jurisdictions, and bear the responsibility of the legality,
use and transfer of the Tokens in the relevant jurisdictions.
(ii) Further, the tax treatment of the acquisition or disposal of such cryptocurrency or cryptographic assets might depend on whether they are classified as securities, assets,
currency or otherwise. As the tax characterisation of the Tokens remains indeterminate, you must seek your own tax advice in connection with the purchase, acquisition or
disposal of the Tokens, which may result in adverse tax consequences or tax reporting requirements for you.
(c)
The loss or compromise of information relating to the purchaser wallet and your Platform ID may affect your access to and possession of the Tokens
(i)
There is a risk that you may lose access to and possession of the Tokens permanently due to loss of unique personal ID created on the Platform, and other identification
information, loss of requisite private key(s) associated with the purchaser wallet or vault storing the Tokens or any other kind of custodial or purchaser errors.
(d)
Blockchains may face congestion and transactions may be delayed or lost
(i)
Most blockchains used for cryptocurrency transactions (e.g. Ethereum) are prone to periodic congestion during which transactions can be delayed or lost. Individuals may also
intentionally spam the network in an attempt to gain an advantage in purchasing cryptographic tokens. This may result in a situation where block producers may not include
your purchase of the Tokens when you intends to transact, or your transaction may not be included at all.
Privacy and data retention issues
(a)
As part of the Token sales, the verification processes and the subsequent operation of the Platform, the Company may collect personal information from you. The collection
of such information is subject to applicable laws and regulations. All information collected will be used for purposes of the Token sales and operations of the Platform, thus
it may be transferred to contractors, service providers and consultants worldwide as appointed by the Company. Apart from external compromises, the Company and its
appointed entities may also suffer from internal security breaches whereby their employees may misappropriate, misplace or lose personal information of purchasers. The
Company may be required to expend significant financial resources to alleviate problems caused by any breaches or losses, settle fines and resolve inquiries from regulatory
or government authorities. Any information breaches or losses will also damage the Company’s reputations, thereby harming its long-term prospects.

5

Macro Risks
(a)
General global market and economic conditions may have an adverse impact on the Company and its Affiliates’ operations and the use of the Platform
The Company and its Affiliates could be affected by general global economic and market conditions. Challenging economic conditions worldwide have from time to time, contributed,
and may continue to contribute, to slowdowns in the information technology industry at large. Weakness in the economy may have a negative effect on the Company and its
Affiliates’ business strategies, results of operations and prospects.
Suppliers on which the Platform relies for servers, bandwidth, location and other services could also be negatively impacted by economic conditions that, in turn, could have a
negative impact on the Company and its Affiliates’ operations or expenses.
There can be no assurance, therefore, that current economic conditions or worsening economic conditions or a prolonged or recurring recession will not have a significant adverse
impact on the Company and its Affiliates’ business strategies, results of operations and prospects and hence the Platform, which may in turn impact the value of the Tokens.
(b)
The regulatory regime governing blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies, Tokens, offering of Tokens, and the Platform remain uncertain, and any changes,
regulations or policies may materially adversely affect the development of the Platform and the utility of the Tokens
(i)
Regulation of the Tokens, the offer and sale of Tokens, cryptocurrencies, blockchain technologies, and cryptocurrency exchanges is currently undeveloped or underdeveloped
and likely to rapidly evolve. Such regulation also varies significantly among different jurisdictions, and is hence subject to significant uncertainty. The various legislative and
executive bodies in different jurisdictions may in the future adopt laws, regulations, guidance, or other actions, which may severely impact the development and growth of the
Platform, the adoption and utility of the Tokens or the issue, offer, and sale of the Tokens by the Company. Failure by the Company and its Affiliates or users of the Platform to
comply with any laws, rules and regulations, some of which may not exist yet or are subject to interpretation and may be subject to change, could result in a variety of adverse
consequences against the Company and its Affiliates, including civil penalties and fines.
(ii) Blockchain networks also face an uncertain regulatory landscape in many foreign jurisdictions. Various jurisdictions may, in the near future, adopt laws, regulations or
directives that affect the Platform, and therefore, the value of the Tokens. Such laws, regulations or directives may directly and negatively impact the operations of the
Company and its Affiliates. The effect of any future regulatory change is impossible to predict, but such change could be substantial and could materially adverse to the
development and growth of the Platform and the adoption and utility of the Tokens.
(iii) To the extent that the Company and its Affiliates may be required to obtain licences, permits and/or approvals (collectively, the “Regulatory Approvals”) to carry out its
business, including that of the creation of the Tokens and the development and operation of the Platform, but are unable to obtain such Regulatory Approvals or if such
Regulatory Approvals are not renewed or revoked for whatever reason by the relevant authorities, the business of the Company and its Affiliates may be adversely affected.
(iv) There is no assurance that more stringent requirements will not be imposed upon the Company and its Affiliates by the relevant authorities in the future, or that the Company
and its Affiliates will be able to adapt in a timely manner to changing regulatory requirements. These additional or more stringent regulations may restrict the Company and its
Affiliates’ ability to operate its business and the Company and its Affiliates may face actions for non-compliance if it fails to comply with any of such requirements.
(v)
Further, should the costs (financial or otherwise) of complying with such newly implemented regulations exceed a certain threshold, maintaining the Platform may no longer be
commercially viable and the Company and its Affiliates may opt to discontinue the Platform and/or the Tokens. Further, it is difficult to predict how or whether governments or
regulatory authorities may implement any changes to laws and regulations affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications, including the Platform and the Tokens.
The Company and its Affiliates may also have to cease operations in a jurisdiction that makes it illegal to operate in such jurisdiction, or make it commercially unviable or
undesirable to obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) to operate in such jurisdiction. In scenarios such as the foregoing, the distributed Tokens may hold little or no worth
or value.
(c)
There may be risks relating to acts of God, natural disasters, wars, terrorist attacks, riots, civil commotions widespread communicable diseases and other events
beyond the control of the Company and its Affiliates
(i)
The sale of the Tokens and the performance of the Company, its Affiliates and/or the Platform’s activities may be interrupted, suspended or delayed due to acts of God, natural
disasters, wars, terrorist attacks, riots, civil commotions, widespread communicable diseases and other events beyond the control of the Company and its Affiliates. Such events
could also lead to uncertainty in the economic outlook of global markets and there is no assurance that such markets will not be affected, or that recovery from the global
financial crisis would continue. In such events, the Company and its Affiliates’ business strategies, results of operations and outlook may be materially and adversely affected,
and the demand for and use of the Tokens and the Platform may be materially affected. Further, if an outbreak of such infectious or communicable diseases occurs in any of the
countries in which the Company, its Affiliates, and the participants of the Platform have operations in the future, market sentiment could be adversely affected and this may
have a negative impact on the Platform and its community.

6

(d)

Blockchain and cryptocurrencies, including the Tokens are a relatively new and dynamic technology. In addition to the risks highlighted herein, there are other risks
associated with your purchase of, holding and use of the Tokens, including those that we cannot anticipate. Such risks may further materialise as unanticipated
variations or combinations of the risks discussed herein.

1.6
No Further Information or Update
No person has been or is authorised to give any information or representation not contained in this Whitepaper in connection with the Tokens, the Platform, the Company or its
Affiliates and their respective businesses and operations, and, if given, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by or on behalf of the
Company or its Affiliates.
1.7
Language
This Whitepaper may be translated into other languages. If any disagreement should arise due to different language translations, the version in English will prevail.
1.8
No Advice
No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal, financial or tax advice regarding the Token, the Platform, the Company or its Affiliates. You should
consult your own legal, financial, tax or other professional advisor(s) regarding the Token, the Company or its Affiliates and their respective businesses and operations. You should be
aware that you may be required to bear the financial risk of any purchase of the Tokens for an indefinite period of time.

7

Abstract
“Muzika is a revolutionary coin economy that will reshape the global digital music industry.”
This whitepaper outlines how Muzika revolutionizes the music industry by establishing a self-sustaining
and righteous digital music ecosystem that will (1) eliminate unnecessary intermediaries, (2) empower
musicians and consumers, (3) decentralize distribution power, and (4) restore the balance of economic
distribution among market players. Muzika holds the promise of a future where compensation for a
musical creation becomes proportional to the effort and dedication put into the creative process.
For the past two decades, the music industry has gone through two enormous paradigm shifts: one
from ‘tangible albums’ to ‘intangible files’, and one from ‘download’ to ‘streaming.’ The former made
music more accessible and widespread, and the latter elevated the levels of cashflow into the industry.
However, the share of these boosted profits that musicians receive has seen a decline. Distributors and
publishers are enjoying excessive and long-lasting returns for a one-time and unsophisticated task. The
issue of digital copyright piracy still remains unresolved. Fans hope to see the musicians they love
happy, but do not have any role to fill other than consuming digital music that is packaged by the
distributors and publishers.
Muzika is gearing up to overturn the depressing reality of today’s digital music market. From A to Z,
we will transform the digital music industry and re-define the roles of the market players involved,
including consumers and musicians. The Muzika Coin (MZK) will serve as the sole medium for all the
transactions and exchanges necessary within the new ecosystem, sparking a paradigm shift in the
digital music industry.
We invite you to join the revolution.
8

Market Overview: The Digital Transformation
Here we briefly introduce how the music industry has evolved over the past two decades, and
how the issues behind Muzika’s inception developed.
▶ Abstract

♪

From physical to digital
Market Summary

Tangible
albums

▶ Issues
▶ Muzika

Digital transformation
Intangible files

The story of the recorded music industry over the past two decades is one of transformation: from
physical to digital; downloads to streaming; ownership to access. The transformation has brought about

▶ Team Muzika

more variety in terms of services, and increased accessibility to consumers. Today, we can listen to music

▶ Disclaimer

Digital music is currently the key driver of growth in the music industry as a whole, as it accounted for

via streaming services without directly owning or downloading digital music files.
50% of global revenue and 81% of the US music market in 2016.

Snapshot of global music industry in 2016

5.9%
Global recorded music
market growth

60.4%
Global streaming music
market growth
Source: IFPI

17.7%

50%

Global digital music
revenue growth rate

Digital music share of
global revenue

112M

59%

Users of paid streaming
subscription

Streaming music share
of global digital music
9

Revenue Trends in the Music Industry
Global recorded music industry revenues from 1999 to 2016
(Unit: USD bn)

▶ Abstract

♪

0.4%

1.3%

-2.1%

-6.4% -6.8%

Market Summary

-0.5% -2.9% -2.5%

0.4

▶ Issues
23.8

23.3

23.0

▶ Muzika

21.4

19.8

19.2

1.1

17.9

2.1

16.3

-0.7%

0.7%

4.3

4.9

5.4

5.7

8.9

8.2

7.6

6.8

-6.2% -7.1% -6.5% -5.7%

2.9

3.7

14.1

11.9

4.1
10.4

▶ Team Muzika
▶ Disclaimer

Total
revenue

3.6%

5.9%

6.0

6.6

7.8

6.1

5.8

5.4

-2.7% -1.4%

1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
23.8
14.8

23.3
15.7

23.6

Physical

22.1

20.3

Digital

20.5

19.4

19.4

18.2

Performace rights

16.9

15.8

14.9

Synchronization

14.8

14.9

14.6

14.3

% Total growth

In the past few years, the global recorded music industry has seen a return to modest growth after having
experienced more than a decade of significant decline. In 2016, global music revenues totaled USD 15.7
billion and increased by 5.9% YoY, improving on the previous year’s 3.6% increase, and marking the largest
growth in the industry since IFPI began tracking revenue in 1997. This growth, however, should be viewed in
the context of the industry having lost nearly 40% of its revenues in the preceding 15 years, from 1999 to
2014.
Despite more than a decade of market decline, record companies have continued to invest heavily in digital
music, building applications and infrastructure for licensed digital music services. Thanks to these efforts,
digital music has been a growth engine for the past 12 years, expanding at a CAGR of 28.1% from 2004 to
2016.
Source: IFPI

10

Vivace Molto: Transforming From Physical to Digital
Global music revenues by segment, 2016

Synch

Performance
rights

▶ Abstract

Synch

♪

US music revenues by segment, 2016

Physical

14%

Market Summary

0%

Physical
16%

34%

▶ Issues

50%

81%

Digital

▶ Muzika

Digital

▶ Team Muzika

Digital music accounted for 50% of total global recorded music revenues in 2016. In the US, the world’s

▶ Disclaimer

grow at a CAGR of 6.0% from USD 4,832 million in 2016 to USD 6,837 million by 2022.

largest music market, digital music revenue accounted for 81% of the industry total, and is expected to

US digital music revenues
(Unit: USD mn)

4,053

4,370
7.8%

2012A

2013A

4,510

4,789

3.2%

6.2%

2014A

2015A

4,832

5,646

6,051

6,448

6,640

6,837

3.5%

3.0%

3.0%

3.0%

2019F

2020F

2021F

2022F

16.8%
7.2%

0.9%

2016A

2017E

2018F

Digital music revenue in the US
Source: IFP, RIAA

6,262

% Growth

11

The Early 2000s: The Inception of P2P Music Sharing
1990s – CD Players

2000s – MP3 Players

▶ Abstract

♪ Market Summary
▶ Issues
▶ Muzika
▶ Team Muzika
▶ Disclaimer

▪ Playing time: about 80mins
▪ Number of songs: 15 to 20 songs

Vs.

▪ Playing time: about 109,000mins
▪ Number of songs: 31,000 songs for 128GB model

Music was first digitized in the form of the MP3, an audio file format typically compressed to only 3 to 4
megabytes per song on average. This innovation rendered all other previous mediums of music, such as CDs
and cassettes, obsolete and transformed the industry via the enabling of digital distribution. This had both
positive and negative effects for musicians. On one hand, they were now able to release and distribute new
music across the world at will. On the other hand, pervasive copyright piracy leading to a consequent
decrease in music sales, and distributors’ exorbitant commissions, combined to reduce musicians’ personal
profits.
Napster, a file sharing peer-to-peer (P2P) service engineered by Shawn Fanning and Sean Parker, led this
revolutionary transformation. For the first time people could share digital audio files online, and the service
quickly gained popularity among American college students. At its peak in 2001 it had around 80 million
registered users.

Source: Wikipedia

12

Napster and Apple: Early Pioneers of Downloadable Music
Although most users had no qualms about sharing their files, most musicians and music executives were livid
at the rampant piracy implicitly condoned by Napster. Although Fanning and Parker purported to be strongly
▶ Abstract

♪ Market Summary
▶ Issues
▶ Muzika
▶ Team Muzika
▶ Disclaimer

opposed to the illegal downloading and sharing of music, there was no doubt that the majority of its users
were using the service to obtain free music downloads. Finally, in 2000, the Recording Industry Association of
America filed a lawsuit against Napster for breach of copyright law, and Napster was forced to shut down its
service in 2001 after a short legal battle.
The demise of Napster, however, could not stop the growing trend towards online music sharing, and P2P
music sharing continues to this day to be an extremely popular means of acquiring music files. Apple
capitalized on this popularity in 2001 when it launched the first version of its ‘iTunes’ software, which offered
encoded versions of CDs, and allowed users to easily manage their music libraries as well as transfer files to
1)

their MP3 players. The iTunes Store was particularly innovative. It was an online music library for an ethical
young generation who could legally download music files to be saved and played on Apple's flagship MP3
player, the ‘iPod’. The iPod and iTunes immediately became the dominant players in the digital music market.

Shift of power in digital music – From Napster to Apple

Steve Jobs introducing Apple’s first
iPod1)

Commercial for the 1st generation
iPod2)

1) Image source: https://www.extremetech.com/electronics/196055-the-apple-ipod-antitrust-lawsuit-did-apple-play-fair-with-its-fairplay-drm
2) Image source https://www.hardwarezone.com.sg/tech-news-apple-unveiled-ipod-16-years-ago-today-and-it-changed-everything:

13

Music Downloads Peaked in 2012
Decline of global physical music revenues
(Unit: USD mn)

Revenue trends of US music downloads
(Unit: USD mn)

▶ Abstract
2,593

♪ Market Summary

23.0

171.9%
71.6%

-76.5%

▶ Issues

857
499

▶ Muzika

5.4

▶ Team Muzika

2001

2016

1,668

2005

2006

52.8%

2007

27.4%

14.9%

15.3%

17.4%

9.1%

2008

2009

2010

2011

2012

Digital revenues in the US

▶ Disclaimer

2,209

1,308

184

2004

1,916

2,828

% Growth

Through the iTunes Store, users were able to download music at a reasonable price - USD 0.99 per song

- which made iTunes a viable business model. It was both affordable for the consumer and profitable for
both Apple and the musicians, whose music was being pirated with much less frequency thanks to this
service.
Since the explosion in 2001 of music downloads through P2P sharing software, revenue generated by
global physical music sales has decreased precipitously, from USD 23.0 million in 2001 to USD 5.4 million
in 2016—a loss of 76.5% of revenue in just 16 years. On the other hand, digital music downloads in the
US rallied from 2004 until peaking in 2012, at a CAGR of 40.8%.
The 2000s was the prime era of music downloads, and musicians recouped some of their share of these
revenues. However, another series of IT transformations, the inception of music streaming platforms and
smartphones, soon faced the digital music industry with a new challenge.

Source: RIAA

14

The Sway of Melody: From Downloads to Streaming
Smartphones – A game changer in digital music
▶ Abstract

♪ Market Summary
▶ Issues

Playback of MP3s
▶ Muzika
▶ Team Muzika
▶ Disclaimer

On-demand streaming
services

By 2010, Apple’s global popularity had begun to be usurped by the introduction of music streaming
services. Streaming platforms were able to find a niche market for those who were eager to find new music
and artists without having to first purchase a song before listening to it. Streaming platforms, including
Last.fm, Pandora, and others have gained massive popularity ever since.
Streaming music made it possible for consumers to listen to songs in real time, instead of downloading and
storing a file to a player. In addition, through the use of algorithms, the platforms are able to provide
personalized services based on consumers’ listening habits. When a user indicates that they prefer a
particular song or genre, these algorithms anticipate what else that user may like, and make suggestions
automatically.
Just as the release of iTunes and the iPod changed the music industry, the release of the ‘iPhone’ in 2007

was another industry game-changer.

15

Streaming Music: A New Engine of Growth
World’s top streaming music service providers
▶ Abstract

♪ Market Summary
▶ Issues
▶ Muzika
▶ Team Muzika
▶ Disclaimer

From upper left to bottom right, Spotify/Deezer/Apple Music/Pandora/iHeartRadio/Tidal/SoundCloud/Napster 1)

With the advent of the smartphone, Spotify had found the perfect vehicle for on-demand music
streaming, an app which now outperforms even Pandora, the original music streaming service. Other
services have since scrambled to catch up and capitalize on the growing popularity of streaming. Apple
Music also began to offer its own radio subscription option in 2015. Shortly afterwards, YouTube unveiled
its own music app in 2016.

Source: IFPI
1) Image source : https://gizmodo.com/streaming-music-services-from-most-screwed-to-least-sc-1793612699

16

Dynamic Growth Backed by Technological Blessing
Smartphone adoption by users Vs. streaming music revenue in the US
(Unit: USD mn, million)

▶ Abstract

♪

3,049

Market Summary

▶ Issues
▶ Muzika
▶ Team Muzika

38

45

63

93

122

145

213

212

2008

2009

2010

359

191

209

CAGR 23.9%

1,532
848

221

171

CAGR 38.8%

1,095

571

▶ Disclaimer
2011

2012

US Streaming music revenue (USD mn)

2013

2014

2015

2016

Number of smartphone users (mn)

For the past nine years, the number of smartphone users grew from 38 million in 2008 to 209 million in
2016 at a CAGR of 23.9%, while total streaming music revenue increased from USD 221 million in 2008 to
USD 3,049 million in 2016, at a CAGR of 38.8%. As smartphone adoption becomes increasingly saturated,

it only seems likely that the popularity of streaming services will continue to increase.

Source: Statista, RIAA

17

Market Forecast: Streaming Domination
Global number of music stream subscribers
(Unit: mn)

Global downloads and streaming revenues
(Unit: USD mn)

▶ Abstract

♪ Market Summary
▶ Issues
▶ Muzika
▶ Team Muzika

49.6%

19

55.6%

29

49.1%

43

55.5%

66.0%
112

67

180

205

222

146
30.6%

23.2%

9,574

10,450

11,187

11,837

3,349

2,882

2,548

2,336

2,204

2,114

2,045

2016A

2017E

2018F

2019F

2020F

2021F

2022F

13.4% 8.3%

2012A 2013A 2014A 2015A 2016A 2017E 2018F 2019F 2020F
Number of streaming music subscribers

8,368

12,411

6,637

% Growth

▶ Disclaimer

Downloads

Streaming

In 2016, global digital revenues grew by 17.7% to USD 7.8 billion, and the proliferation of streaming has

been the clear driver of this growth, with revenue surging by 60.4% in 2016. With more than 100 million
users of paid subscriptions globally, streaming has passed a crucial milestone. It makes up the majority of
digital revenue with 59% share of total digital revenues.
In the US, streaming music revenue exploded in 2016, rising by 76% to overtake digital sales of music for
the first time in history, according to Nielson.
The number of global streaming music subscribers, as well as total global streaming revenue, are
expected to nearly double between 2016 and 2021.

Source: IFPI, Statista, RIAA, Nielson

18

Issues
“Musicians say there is no money in streaming… The industry is suffering a slow death and it must
change.”

- Willard Ahdritz, CEO of Kobalt Music Group

The digital transformation of the music industry over the past twenty years has been enormously innovative yet
challenging. Today, as fans have easier access to more music than ever before, the overwhelming quantity of available
options makes streaming services even more beneficial. It seems logical to assume that musicians themselves would have

more fruitful returns as the digital market continues to expand at a rapid rate, and capital continues to flow into the
digital music industry.
In reality, however, the imbalance of the profit distribution structure, the existence of multiple middlemen, and
outstanding issues of piracy continue to deny artists their fair share. They are receiving a historically low percentage of
total revenue, typically from 10% to 20% of consumers’ payments.
While platforms, major labels, distributors, and publishers may benefit from the digital transformation, artists are still not
justly compensated for their creations. To sustain the growth in the digital music market, this chasm in terms of
compensation between artist and middlemen should be filled.

19

The Tyranny of Industry Centralization
Global recorded market share by top 3 in 2016

Streaming music market share by top 3 in 2016

▶ Abstract

▶Market Summary
♪ Issues

68.7%

71.7%

▶ Muzika
▶ Team Muzika
▶ Disclaimer

Three major record labels currently dominate the global music industry, holding 72% of the total market
share. They have used their powerful positions to create an unfair market environment, and enforce
contracts that are unfavorable to artists.
The music streaming industry’s current revenue distribution model is disadvantageous to musicians,
particularly independent and novice musicians. They are often forced to sign revenue sharing contracts
with record labels and streaming platforms, and are bled of much of their share of the revenue to the
benefit of intermediaries who possess centralized powers.

Source: IFPI, RIAA

20

The Injustice of Disproportionate Profits
Current royalty sharing structure of streaming music
▶ Abstract

▶Market Summary
♪ Issues

Artists

Back office services

PROs

Labels &
Distributors

Platforms

Consumers

▶ Muzika
▶ Team Muzika

On average, only about 10~20% of the total revenue remains for
artists.

▶ Disclaimer

Multiple layers of middlemen, including streaming platforms, distributors, and publishers, all contribute to the
construction of a revenue sharing structure that is unfavorable to artists. Many artists have raised their voices
to point out that they see too little of the money generated by their works. The share of sales traditionally
paid to record labels, publishers, managers, and intermediaries can go as high as 90%, leaving little for the
artists who actually created the music. Ones not directly involved in the creative process, who often perform
one-time and relatively unsophisticated tasks, are receiving even larger shares of profit than artistic creators

themselves.
As imbalanced profit sharing has continued, some musicians have tried to seize control of the distribution
framework through the exclusive release of albums via music streaming services. For example, musician Frank
Ocean established his own label and released songs exclusively through Apple Music, increasing his share
from 14% to 70% of total revenues. However, this is not a viable option for all musicians.
Source: The Guardian

21

Stream Ripping: The Music Piracy Landscape Today
“Music piracy is theft. It robs young and promising artists of the fruits of their creative endeavor.”

- Shaggy,

musician
▶ Abstract

Decreases in global music revenues due to piracy

Global stream ripping

(Unit: USD bn)

▶Market Summary

23.8 23.3 23.6

♪ Issues

40%

22.1
20.6 20.5

▶ Muzika

19.9 19.4

18.2

16.9

Percent of users accessing
unlicensed music in 2016
15.8

14.9

▶ Team Muzika

141.3%

▶ Disclaimer

Growth of overall usage of streamripping sites from 2014 to 2016
1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010

Streaming has overtaken the download market, but forms of music piracy have become more diversified. Even
today, music privacy remains one of the most serious threats to the digital music industry. It undermines the
profitability of the licensed music business via many forms and channels: unlicensed streaming websites, peerto-peer (P2P) file-sharing networks, stream ripping, and illicit mobile applications.
Most listeners of unlicensed music were found to have been using stream ripping in order to access pirated
content. According to the IFPI, music piracy is still on the rise worldwide, with 40% of users accessing
unlicensed music, up from 35% in 2016.
The music industry is still fighting an uphill battle against the continued piracy of music, attempting to tackle
it in all of its forms.
Source: IFPI

22

Muzika
“Sync with Muzika, the redemption of the music world.”

Table of Contents
I.

Overview of the Muzika Ecosystem

II.

The Muzika Coin

III.

The Virtuous Cycle in the Ecosystem

IV.

Community Management and Governance

V.

Scalability

23

I. Overview of the Muzika Ecosystem: Issues and Solutions
The summary of the issues facing the digital music world

▶ Abstract

▶Market Summary
▶Issues
♪ Muzika
▶ Team Muzika
▶ Disclaimer

• More money inflows into music while less money is outflowing to artists: More people are paying for
music, and the music industry is seeing more cashflow, but a lower percentage is going to musicians as
many realize only 10~20% of the sales of their music.
• A minority of players are taking a majority of the returns: Distributors and publishers are enjoying
excessive and long-lasting returns for carrying out what is in many cases a one-time, unsophisticated
task; they almost always realize more profit than musicians themselves.
• Outstanding issues of piracy: Rampant copyright issues remain unresolved. Digital piracy is a chronic
issue in the music industry. Our conscience may not be at stake, but musicians are financially harmed as
their miniscule returns from their creations shrink even further as a result of piracy.
• Listeners’ very limited roles: The majority of fans and listeners are pigeonholed as ‘consumers’ as they
do not and cannot take any steps forward to get involved in the creative process of a musical product.
This is another reason why labels, distributors, and platforms have been able to continue to exploit
excessive returns.

Solutions
We firmly believe that the solution lies in the establishment of a self-sustaining, symbiotic music
community in order to move the current power structure towards decentralization. We will create a new
digital music ecosystem that can autonomously achieve repeated cycles of production and distribution,
and allow for the consumption of musical creations, as well as reform the digital music industry’s income
distribution hierarchy. Fortunately, Muzika is not starting from scratch. This ecosystem is built on the backs

of our existing two million active users across 150 nations, who passionately exchange their own musical
ideas, share performances, compose beautiful original pieces, compete in good faith, and trade various
digital forms of music. Through years of experience, we have learned the precise way in which to build a
community run by loyal and incentivized individuals.
24

I. Overview of the Muzika Ecosystem: What Muzika Will Do
Philosophy and mission of Muzika
▶ Abstract

▶Market Summary
▶Issues
♪ Muzika
▶ Team Muzika

• To create a self-sustaining, righteous digital music ecosystem that will provide a much needed update
to the framework of today’s digital music industry by (a) decentralizing distribution of power and (b)
eliminating economic inequalities widespread in the industry
• To promise a future where economic compensation for a musical creation is directly proportional to the
efforts and interests contributed by those involved in the creative process.
• To provide fans and listeners with opportunities to expand their roles in multiple stages of a musical
product’s lifecycle.

Reformation of the distribution structure in the Muzika ecosystem

▶ Disclaimer
Artists

Blockchain

Platforms

Distributors & Publishers

Artists

Lost

Ecosystem

The Muzika ecosystem will perform roles currently undertaken by all existing intermediaries (distributors,
publishers, and platforms) and actualize a fair distribution structure where artists can be righteously
compensated for their musical creations. Moreover, the Muzika ecosystem will enable fans, as consumers, to
expand into all stages of a creation’s lifecycle ranging from sponsorship, production, to consumption.

25

I. Overview of the Muzika Ecosystem: The Symbiotic Community
Snapshot of the Muzika Ecosystem, a self-sustaining and symbiotic music community
▶ Abstract
Total music platform

▶Market Summary
▶Issues
♪ Muzika
▶ Team Muzika
▶ Disclaimer

Community-based
Auditions*2

TGE
Exchanges
Loyalty
points

(mining)

Community
members*1
Contribution

Interaction

Interaction

Management
Roles
& Rewards

Sponsor-only products,
services, and opportunities

Community
members*1

Sponsorship

Regular subscription
Patron agreement

Muzika
Community

Automatic
accounting &
performance
reports

Artists

Blockchain

Muzika
Community
Community building,
managing and operating

Distribution

$
Returns

Outside
streaming
services

V = Voting power
L = Loyalty Level, absolutely scaled from 1 to 6 based on the activities rewarded with loyalty
points. Renewed every month.
N = Number sponsorships the member has participated in
Gi = Genre Index.

Note: the amount of MZK holdings does not affect a member’s voting power: MZK remains as utility token in all aspects of the
community management. Voting power is determined by the contribution level in terms of community activities and
participation.
*1) Community members include fans, listeners, and artists. Within the ecosystem they can invest in either artists or the Muzika community through the vehicle of the Muzika
coin
*2) A community-based audition is a contest where obscure artists can participate as candidates to become eligible for funding, and listeners can cast votes

26

II. The Muzika Coin: What it is
What is the Muzika coin?
The Muzika coin (“MZK”) was deliberately designed to help in the achievement of our mission to create a
▶ Abstract

▶Market Summary
▶Issues
♪ Muzika
▶ Team Muzika
▶ Disclaimer

new, sustainable ecosystem in a multitude of ways. Our team drew inspiration from the Steemit

community, which has been able to successfully substantialize the mission outlined in their whitepaper.
Steemit’s community building model, along with our own proven model of building a vibrant music
community of 2 million users, are some of the foundations of our ecosystem.

4 major functions of MZK
MZK will be the sole medium of exchange for all economic activity within the Muzika ecosystem, acting as
the medium for community building, sponsorship, purchasing commercial items, and community programs
aside from a few free services targeted at community novices.
Community building: In order to be truly self-sustaining, the Muzika ecosystem will contain all of the necessary
functions and activities. These range from creative brainstorming, exchange of feedback, and more.
Means of transaction for commercial items and services: Streaming services, a sheet music marketplace,
musical instruments, recording services and much more will all be available through Muzika.
Sponsorships opportunities: Users may sponsor artists and become their patrons in various ways including
regular subscriptions. As patrons, users can enjoy exclusive & sponsor-only products, services, and
opportunities to be involved in the creative process of a musical product.
Community programs: Community programs and events such as auditions, contests, live-streaming events, and
other such activities driven by member involvement will be a focal point of Muzika.

27

II. The Muzika Coin: How it is obtained
How MZK is obtained
Participation in an ICO and purchases via cryptocurrency exchanges will be the primary avenues to obtain
▶ Abstract

▶Market Summary
▶Issues

MZK. However, we acknowledge that many of our community members, especially teenagers, may not

have adequate legal authority or be in the appropriate financial position to make use of these primary
sources. True decentralization of power in the music industry cannot be achieved without the participation
of millions, if not billions, of teenage fans and artists around the world. Thus, we have decided to provide
them with opportunities to ‘mine’ MZK through active, loyal participation in the community.

♪ Muzika
▶ Team Muzika

3 sources to obtain MZK

▶ Disclaimer
Participating in the
ICO

Cryptocurrency
Exchanges

Loyalty Point
(mining)

Sole medium of exchanges for all economic
activity within the Muzika ecosystem

28

II. The Muzika Coin: Loyalty Point
Details of the loyalty point
As suggested before, our pre-existing community of two million active users has successfully implemented
▶ Abstract

▶Market Summary
▶Issues
♪ Muzika
▶ Team Muzika
▶ Disclaimer

a loyalty program over an extended period. A program of a similar nature will be applied within the
Muzika community.
Key items

Loyalty points*

Attendance checks

+10 points

Uploading digital files (MP3, WAV, sheet music, etc.)

+50 points

Every month, loyal participants

Video upload

+20 points

with enough credits will be

Comments (Points vary*1)

+1~50 points

given a chance to convert their

Upvotes (Points vary*2)

+1~50 points

Reporting illegal / inappropriate posts

+1~100 points

Reporting copyright infringement

+1~100 points

Downloading an open source music file

-100 points

(depending on the price of MZK

Streaming an open source music file

-1 points

on crypto exchanges).

Nth Violation of the community rules

-n x 50 points

Conversion ratio and date

loyalty points into MZK. The
conversion ratio will be

calculated and announced three
days prior to the exchange date

*Loyalty points: The given points in the table are as an example: in real practice, the points will be a relative value – relative in terms of its
exchange rate to MZK, each action’s fluctuating influence within the ecosystem, etc. – rather than an absolute number

*1) Points vary from 1 to 50 points for comments, depending on the influence of the commenter
*2) Points vary from 1 to 50 points for upvotes, depending on the influence of the voter

29

II. The Muzika Coin: Loyalty Point
Details of the Loyalty Point
Instead of running nodes and creating blocks to be rewarded as in many blockchain protocols, community
▶ Abstract

▶Market Summary
▶Issues
♪ Muzika

users can be rewarded by contributing their time, knowledge, and labor to invigorate the Muzika
ecosystem.
Loyalty point(LP) is a temporary, non-tradable, and non-monetary account that certifies such contribution

to the community. Instead of directly distributing MZKs, we will provide LPs to community members and
regularly convert LPs into MZKs.

▶ Team Muzika
▶ Disclaimer
Earn points

Convert to MZK

Two primary reasons behind the Loyalty Point system
First, cumulative loyalty points will enhance a member’s voting power within the community. Members’
influence and voting power are decided by the amount of time, knowledge, and labor contributed to the
community, but not by the amount of MZKs they have purchased through exchanges. This enables MZK to
strictly remain as a utility token. MZK holdings itself will not affect a member’s voting power.

30

II. The Muzika Coin: Loyalty Point

▶ Abstract

▶Market Summary
▶Issues
♪ Muzika
▶ Team Muzika
▶ Disclaimer

1,500
Points

1,500
Points
Turns 1,500 LPs
into MZK

MZK + 0 LP left

Even after the conversion, total 1,500
LPs will be the basis for voting power

Second, each member’s relative contribution to the community cannot be measured instantly and at the
moment. Every member shall have the right to make contributions within a set period of time, so that
their work can be evaluated cumulatively and converted to MZKs. Loyalty Points will be accumulated for
three months. Those that are exchanged for MZK will not be deducted from the accumulated score. For
example, when a member turns 1,500 LP into MZK, his wallet will carry 0 LPs, but 1,500 LPs will still be the
basis for his voting power. Accordingly, voting power will be adjusted every three months.

31

II. The Muzika Coin: Details of the Conversion Ratio
How the conversion ratio will be determined
LPs will be measured as a rate to USD. We expect the initial LP : USD ratio to be approximately 300 : 1.
▶ Abstract

The ratio is subject to change based on a monthly review within the community.

▶Market Summary
▶Issues
♪ Muzika

?

LP

+1

USD

LP will be exchanged into MZK with regards to the USD to LP ratio. For example, if 300LP is valued 1 USD

▶ Team Muzika

and MZK is presenting trading at 5 USD in the market, then 1,500LP will be convertible into 1 MZK.

▶ Disclaimer

In order to prevent price manipulation, the fifteen (15) day average of the MZK will be used to calculate
the MZK to USD ratio for LP to MZK conversion. To prevent community and market disturbance, MZK
converted from LP will be distributed three (3) working days after the conversion date.
MZK to LP ratio for conversion may be adjusted depending on the proportion of converted MZKs to total

circulating MZKs in the community, excluding those held in treasury in the community deposit for builders.
By way of example, with every additional x % of proportion, the conversion rate can be adjusted by 2x
percent. In the previous example , if converted MZK accounts for 1% of the total circulating supply of
MZK, 1,500 * (101%) LP, which is 1,515 LPs, will be required for conversion.

32

II. The Muzika Coin: Purchasing Commercial Items
Commercial items
All transactions of commercial items will be made with MZK. Commercial items include:
▶ Abstract

▶Market Summary
▶Issues
♪ Muzika
▶ Team Muzika

• Music streaming service
• Digital music file downloading service
• Producing equipment
• Rental services
• Recording services
• And all other products and services for consumption and production of music

Muzika Player, a built-in streaming service of the Muzika Ecosystem

▶ Disclaimer

‘Muzika Player’, a built-in streaming service similar to Spotify and Pandora, will be operated within the
Muzika ecosystem. Songs and albums registered in the Muzika blockchain will be available both for
streaming and downloads in the Muzika Player. In other words, community members will no longer need to
look for outside platforms to stream their music. This will ensure Muzika’s role as a comprehensive platform
for seamless production, distribution, and consumption of music.

33

III. The Virtuous Cycle in the Ecosystem: Sponsorship Opportunities
How artists and fans interact with each other
Within the new ecosystem, musicians are accompanied by fans, listeners, and fellow artists beginning with
▶ Abstract

▶Market Summary
▶Issues
♪ Muzika
▶ Team Muzika

the initial stage of musical creation. First, artists share their demo tapes and/or video clips, or new
compositional ideas with the community members. Next, fundraising gets started when their posts receive
enough votes and pass a number of copyright deliberation processes. Community members will sponsor
and provide MZK to their chosen artists and become their patrons, facilitated by the Muzika blockchain.

Muzika will act as a non-profit, commission-free platform among artists and fans. Muzika will have no
involvement in any sponsorship arrangements between artists and fans.

▶ Disclaimer

Songwriting and sharing

Acquire necessary number of votes to
be eligible for fundraising

Community
members

Sponsorship

Funding and
creation release

Artists

Exclusive
Products, Service, and Opportunities

34

III. The Virtuous Cycle in the Ecosystem: Blockchain Technology
Functionality of Muzika’s blockchain technology in the Muzika Ecosystem
At the end of creation process, the community will enter song and album data into a blockchain account. The
▶ Abstract

▶Market Summary
▶Issues

account will hold all copyright information including the artist’s digital signature, and get attached to the
blockchain entry to provide verification of the intellectual property rights. If necessary, we would like to
benchmark the intellectual property protection mechanism designed by Copytrack, building upon their
copyright protection technologies to better fit music copyright.
Every digital utilization of a given song that generates revenue, including streaming for individual and

♪ Muzika

commercial uses, downloading, and sharing will be automatically recorded in the blockchain-registered

▶ Team Muzika

regular accounting reports to the community members.

account. Every month and quarter, the musician’s financial performance will be published in the form of

▶ Disclaimer
Artists

Income
Music registration
Copyright protection

Muzika
Community

Blockchain

Automatic accounting
reports

Muzika
Community

Outside
streaming
services

The community-owned blockchain will also function as a distribution center. Thus, under the umbrella of
the Muzika ecosystem, control of distribution is not centralized to a few capital giants with guaranteed
economic rents, but instead is decentralized among the participating individuals. Songs, albums, and other
byproducts will be distributed to the community and outside streaming platforms. Payments as
compensation for downloads or streaming services will be available in MZK.
35

III. The Virtuous Cycle in the Ecosystem: Repeating Itself
The virtuous cycle that gives birth to Muzika’s symbiotic ecosystem
The virtuous cycle repeats itself. Economic gains will be distributed in a balanced way; proportionally to
▶ Abstract

▶Market Summary
▶Issues

the level of devotion and contribution put forth by artists and community members. Artists will be fully
credited for their creations and performances, except for a small portion that is designated for funding the
continuous development of the underlying blockchain technology and self-sustained proliferation of the
community. Fans and listeners who became patrons of their favorite artists will be rewarded with sponsorexclusive products, services, and numerous opportunities to be involved in the creation process of music.

♪ Muzika
▶ Team Muzika
▶ Disclaimer

36

III. The Virtuous Cycle in the Ecosystem: Other Benefits
Community members may decide to provide additional benefits for active sponsors
▶ Abstract

▶Market Summary
▶Issues
♪ Muzika

To enhance community sustainability, community members may devise incentive mechanisms to promote
continued sponsorship participation. As an example, members may reach a consensus to provide communitywide discounts on additional patron agreements : ‘For Nth participation in fundraising, fans will be given the

option to become patrons at (100 - 2 x N)% of the original amount, N=5 being the maximum allowed. The
difference in the amount members sponsor and the amount artists receive may be provided by the
community subsidy, ensuring that artists continue to receive consistent funding in MZK for the development
of their creations.’

▶ Team Muzika

Original price x (100 – 2 x N)%

▶ Disclaimer
Community members

Becoming sponsors with discounts.
The discount rate depends on the member’s prior
instances of fundraising participation via investment (N)

In the same context, community members may decide to incentivize artists to become sponsors
themselves : ‘Artists who have successfully gone through more than one production cycle will be eligible

to be sponsors, or patrons of artists themselves, with opportunities to make sponsorships at discounted
prices.’
After going through one cycle

Artists

Eligible to sponsor artists
with discounts

37

IV. Community Management and Governance: Interactions
Interactions among community members

Decentralization of power does not necessitate that

▶ Abstract

everyone, regardless of their contribution and effort
levels, should possess equal influence over community

▶Market Summary

decision-making. We believe that a community

Discussion

Discussion

member’s voice should be directly related to his or her

▶Issues
♪ Muzika
▶ Team Muzika

Voting power distribution method and management

Community
members

Idea exchange
Interaction
Interaction

level of devotion. Voting power, which will be used for
Community
members

making recommendations with respect to posts and
community-based audition programs, will be calculated
by the following equation:

▶ Disclaimer
V = Voting power
Voting

Community-based
Auditions
or
song postings

Voting

L = Loyalty Level, absolutely scaled from 1 to 6 based on the
activities rewarded with loyalty points. Renewed every month.
N = Number of fundraisings the member has participated in
Gi = Genre Index. Every member can choose up to three top
genres.(G1=1.3, G2=1.15, G3=1, and Gi for other genres will be
given 0.85.)

The MZK holdings itself will not affect the voting power,
as mentioned previously. This enables MZK to strictly
remain as a utility token.

38

V. Technology Update (2018.08)
Smart Contract
For now, the team has developed smart contract for sheet music and sound source transaction with MZK to
▶ Abstract

take a grasp of how long it will take to implement all the services in the blockchain.

▶Market Summary

We built a program based on Electron and Angular (both for Windows and Mac) where artists can login with

▶Issues

information provided by the artists.

♪ Muzika

We have also built a logic where users can login to Muzika website using Metamask (Ethereal wallet chrome

▶ Team Muzika

but source code for key logics is open to public at Github.

▶ Disclaimer

their Ethereum wallets and upload their sheet music/sound sources. The program creates smart contract with

extension) and purchase digital music products from artists by smart contracts. We are working on the UI/UX,

In this process, we noticed that there exists a clear limitation in using Ethereum in terms of gas consumption
and tps. We believe that comprehensive smart contract platforms like Ethereum will reach physical limits,
because maintaining the network will get harder and harder as blocks continue to stack up – It would be
inadequate to put smart contracts for all the industries into one blockchain platform.

39

V. Technology Update (2018.08)
Why Smart Contract? Why Blockchain?
We often get a question that any well-established blockchain projects must be ready to answer : “Are
▶ Abstract

▶Market Summary

Blockchain and Smart Contract must-have for your project?” Here we suggest one example of why the
technology is essential for the Muzika ecosystem.
Community members receive Loyalty Points(LPs) as compensation for their activities and contribution to the

▶Issues

Muzika platform, and LPs are regularly converted into MZKs.

♪ Muzika

Thus we need to build a logic to change users’ LPs to MZKs. Smart contract is an effective means to ensure a

▶ Team Muzika

blockchain network, including records of community activities (contribution) for LP compensation. This will

transparent and systematic conversion. For its implementation, we need to handle both LP and MZK in same
ensure transparency and prevent any possibilities of LP manipulation.

▶ Disclaimer

When a transaction occurs in the Muzika platform, we will take a portion of MZKs as service fee for
community maintenance including LP to MZK conversion. We will build a logic that can automate periodic
distribution of the collected MZKs to users based on their LP holdings.
If we do not use blockchain for this process, we need to utilize the database on AWS cloud server or our
MZK token wallet to manage MZKs (those collected as service fee) and LPs. However, this poses the
following two problems:

40

V. Technology Update (2018.08)
Why Smart Contract? Why Blockchain?
1) LP holdings manipulation: if our database is hacked or abused by an internal developer, information on LP
▶ Abstract

▶Market Summary
▶Issues
♪ Muzika
▶ Team Muzika

holdings can be manipulated. Such possibility may lead to distrust among community members on overall
management of LPs and MZKs.
2) Lack of transparency in the distribution logic : if service fee is collected in the developer’s wallet,
distribution logic is operated solely by the developer’s computer. In this case, even if the logic itself is open
to the public, there is no guarantee that the logic actually runs as coded.
We do not have to worry about these problems if we use smart contract. We can store MZKs (collected as
service fees) in the smart contract, build a MZK distribution logic, and periodically send out MZKs to users
based on their LP quantities.

▶ Disclaimer

Public Chain and Private Chain
However, not all the information can be managed on the public chain. For example, when artists upload their
music sheet or sound source files on the Muzika platform, those files are encoded and stored on IPFS (Public
decentralized storage). When listeners purchase those items, secret keys are given to the buyers by smart
contract. In this case, we cannot manage those secret keys on the public blockchain, because it will make
‘secret keys’ public. Thus our blockchain will be a consortium chain where both private and public

blockchains are utilized.
Most of the information will be managed publicly with smart contracts, except for encoded files (uploaded
on IPFS) and secret keys (managed on a private blockchain). We may designate a few authorized nodes for
operation of the private blockchain.
41

VI. Scalability: Music & Beyond
Application to Protocol
Our philosophy, technology, and principles can be applied to all different ‘digitalized’ forms of creative works.
▶ Abstract

▶Market Summary

This includes films, videos, images, photographs, works of literature, cartoons, etc.. We can either build
additional ecosystems ourselves, or collaborate with other existing ecosystems that recognize the importance
of decentralization and the existence of a self-sustaining creative cycle for the various art forms.

▶Issues
♪ Muzika
▶ Team Muzika
▶ Disclaimer

Beyond
Music
Expanding into other industries where excessive numbers of intermediaries
and centralization of control generates issues and distorts systems

In the long run, we see the future where each industry sector has its own blockchain. In the future, based on
years of experience of running the Muzika ecosystem, our team may achieve scalability by becoming a
protocol blockchain specialized for community-based application of the digitalized forms of creative works.
Each industry requires different characteristics for protocols, and we will learn from the Muzika ecosystem
about the most relevant and important features of a protocol for community-based projects. In this case,
MZK will also evolve into a token for protocol smart contracts and become the basis of numerous utility
tokens. This will allow us to bring about a paradigm shift in the digital creative industry, resolving imbalances
and centralization of powers as a whole.

42

Team Muzika

Table of Contents
I.

The Team Behind Muzika

II.

A Head Start in the Digital Music Hub

III.

About the Team

IV.

Our Advisors

V.

Roadmap

43

I. The Team Behind Muzika: MAPIACOMPANY
Brief history of MAPIACOMPANY
Founders of MAPIACOMPANY are some of the youngest founders in Korean startup history to attract sizable
▶ Abstract

▶Market Summary
▶Issues
▶Muzika

funding from venture capital with the CEO being 20 and founders’ average age 22.3, especially in affiliation
with the two tech giants in Korea, Naver and Kakao. After receiving angel funding from Michael Cho, an
outside board director of Kakao Corporation in 2016, Mapiacompany has raised seed funding from Naveraffiliated venture capital Springcamp in 2017. Mapiacompany is also the recipient of the TIPS Program (Tech
Incubator Program for Startup), a Korean Government Fund supporting startups with technological superiority
and specialty.
The founders are CEO Chung, a former pianist and high school dropout who founded his own company, CTO

♪ Team Muzika

Heo, a prodigy developer, deep-learning expert, and leader of a top-notch tech team, and COO Lee, a

▶ Disclaimer

prestigious high school and the top-ranked university in the nation and has founded multiple organizations

professional pianist and business administration major who was the top graduate of both the most
and startups. They are among the youngest in the blockchain industry nationally and internationally with an
average age in line with that of Vitalik Buterin, now 24, when he founded Ethereum at the age of 21.

October 2015

May 2016

May 2017

December 2017

Founded by
Inseo Chung,
Sangmin Heo,
Jangwon Lee

Angel investment

Seed funding from
Springcamp,
Affiliates of Naver

MAPIACOMPANY’s
music platforms
reach 2 million users
across 150 nations

by Michael Cho, an
outside board
director of Kakao

44

I. The Team Behind Muzika: MAPIACOMPANY’s Today and Future
MAPIACOMAPNY at a Glance
▶ Abstract

▶Market Summary
▶Issues
▶Muzika
♪ Team Muzika
▶ Disclaimer

A Global Online Music Platform
2 million users over 150 countries

From Muzika’s genesis throughout its global evolution, our vision of becoming the game changer in a
crooked industry remains eternal. Our next monumental step is to change everything – from how music is
invested and produced to how music is shared and consumed – and bring the entire music industry to the
next paradigm.
We have a global head-start – 2,000,000 users and musicians from 150 nations and our experienced team
of global music/technology prodigies and gurus speak for themselves. Through a fully functioning

dynamism and a self-reliant ecosystem that is Muzika, we will shake the fundamentals of every existing
agent of the music industry, and usurp the thrones of the billion-dollar moguls.

45

II. A Head Start in the Digital Music Hub
Percentage of streaming music subscribers by nation
▶ Abstract

41%

20%

Percentage of digital music listeners

7%

▶Market Summary

82.1
%

▶Issues
▶Muzika
♪ Team Muzika

Our tech team is blessed to be based in South Korea, an IT powerhouse equipped with the leading edge in

▶ Disclaimer

More importantly, the Korean music industry has increasingly embraced paid streaming services as the go-to

digital technology. The Korean music market is the 10th largest in the world by revenue.

mode of music content delivery compared to all other nations. According to the IFPI, 41% of internet users in
Korea had an active subscription to a paid music streaming service as of the end of 2016, the highest
proportion among the 13 countries surveyed, surpassing 20% in the U.S. and 7% in Japan.
According to the Korea Creative Content Agency (KCCA), the country has popular streaming providers such
as Melon Music, Naver Music, and Bugs Music, showing a domestic digital-to-physical music listening ratio
of 82.1% to 17.9% in 2016.
By starting in Korea, which has great upside potential in the music industry thanks to the popularity of K-Pop
and streaming services, we have seized this advantageous position, placing us at the starting point of a
massive leap forward for the global music industry.

Source: IFPI, KCCA

46

III. About the Team: The Founders
Inseo Chung
Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder

▶ Abstract

▶Market Summary
▶Issues
▶Muzika
♪

Team Muzika

▶ Disclaimer

A once aspiring pianist and a 2nd place winner of the National Student Music Competition, Inseo Chung changed his course of life when
he found his zeal to be more towards business. After dropping out of high school, he decided against going to college, and instead went
on to become an entrepreneur, building an e-commerce startup and a prominent social media marketing agency.
Mapiacompany is his third venture and an epitome of his experience as both a young but seasoned entrepreneur and a once-aspirant
musician. He came across the blockchain in 2015 and studied various aspects of its business applications since, while directly taking part in
the industry as one of the earlier miners of Ethereum.

Sangmin Heo
Chief Technical Officer and Co-Founder
A prodigy programmer and developer who built his web game and earned a small fortune at the age of 15. A winner of multiple awards
including the Korean Olympiad in Informatics(2nd), Korea Intel Science Engineering Fair(1st). A national candidate for Intel Science Fair
International Competition Software Division. An academically recognized researcher of the 28th HCLT Esteemed Research Paper for research
on Deep Learning and Natural Language Processing. The sole developer and owner of the famous Korean college-based social media ‘The
Bamboo Network’. A young expert in both deep learning and blockchain, he is the mind and the leader of the top-notch tech team of eight.
Alumni of Hanyang University, computer science major.

Jangwon Lee
Chief Operating Officer and Co-Founder
The top graduate of the most prestigious high school and university of the nation, Daewon Foreign Language High School and Seoul
National University(business administration major), and a winner of multiple awards spanning diverse areas of academia from language
studies to economics and business administration to art management. Besides his illustrious educational background, he is also a fluent
speaker of English, Chinese, and Korean, a professional pianist, and an experienced leader in business development. He founded Piano
Group The Serendipity, a professional piano group well-known in Korea for piano duets, co-founded YouthGlobe Korea, the Korean division
of the international NGO YouthGlobe which aims to enhance educational conditions in Burundi, co-founded Shadal Inc., the largest collegebased food delivery mobile application in Korea, and co-founded Mapiacompany – all during his college years.
He has built substantial key network across some of the most brilliant young minds of blockchain, technology and the finance industry. He
oversees Mapiacompany’s financials, business operation, relations, and global strategy.

47

III. About the Team: The Lead

▶ Abstract

▶Market Summary
▶Issues
▶Muzika
♪ Team Muzika

Jihyun Kim
Lead Blockchain Developer
A Graduate of Gyeonggi Science High School for the gifted and majoring in computer science at Seoul National
University, Jihyun is a full-stack prodigy developer with expertise in Systemic Programming, FOSS(Free and Open
Source Software), Rust Compiler, Parallel Computing, GPGPU Programming, and many more areas in his vast spectrum
of Github projects, both blockchain-related and otherwise. He is also a top-tier expert in Dev-Ops and Server
Administration, and has experience in handling server environments of 10,000,000 Daily Active Users and 50,000
ConCurrent Users. He is a strong advocate in the blockchain technology for its capacity to transform the world and for
its technological ‘fun’.

▶ Disclaimer

Jungwoo Lee
Lead Blockchain Architect
The top graduate of Korean Minjok Leadership Academy, Jungwoo is an enthusiastic investor and researcher with a
strong background in finance and accounting. He is finishing up the last semester of his undergraduate studies at
Seoul National University, majoring in business administration and technology management. His expertise ranges from
investment, NGOs, to international relations. He served as a youth representative of Republic of Korea at Russia G20
Summit in Saint Petersberg, and co-founded YouthGlobe Korea, the Korean division of the international NGO
YouthGlobe. Now he works as the vice president of Seoul National University value investing club (SNUVALUE). He is
expanding his knowledge in technologies with a double major in engineering and relevant experiences, including the
factory improvement project in Kia Motors Slovakia and a development project for Smart Air Purifier.

48

III. About the Team

▶ Disclaimer
▶ Abstract

♪ Market Summary

Yeji Chung
Head of Music
Management

Seongheon Cho
Head of Compliance

Jaechan Ahn

Seungwon Kang

Senior Software
Developer

Senior Software
Developer

Sukyung Na
Head of Global Business

Head of Global PR

▶ Issues
▶ Muzika

♪ Team Muzika
Chaehong Jeong
Senior Blockchain
Developer

Minkyung Lee
Brand Designer

Hyunju Hwang

Kyunghee Chang

Developer

Developer

William Wu

49
44

IV. Our Advisors
The advisors span a diverse and relevant areas of expertise: from blockchain industry, legal compliance to c
opyright laws, business development to finance, and music management. Our advisors have the experience
▶ Disclaimer
▶ Abstract

♪ Market Summary

and resources to provide us with the leverage to make an impact not just from outside in but from inside
out. They also provide us with the seasoned insight and expertise regarding diverse compliance issues that
allow us to work with legal guidance and credibility. The list is growing as we find more relevant experts wi

th the right qualities to help us on our revolutionary journey. Other advisors and partners can be seen on
official website: muzika.network.

▶ Issues
▶ Muzika

♪ Team Muzika
Minsik Michael Cho

Advisor, Business Development

Inkyu Choi

Advisor, Finance and Copyright
Law

Joonkee Hong
Advisor, Finance

Jinsoo Park

Advisor, Music Management

Yoonwoo Lee
Senior Advisor

Myunsik Cho

Advisor, Copyright Law

50

IV. Our Advisors: Profiles

Minsik Michael Cho

▶ Disclaimer

Joonkee Hong

Advisor, Business Development

▶ Abstract

• Outside board director, Kakao Corp. (Korea’s Telegram)

♪ Market Summary

• Certified Public Accountant

• (Ex) Senior partner, KPMG Korea
• Business Administration, Seoul National University

▶ Issues

Advisor, Finance

Outside board director, KakaoBank
(Ex) Head, UBS Korea
(Ex) Asia Head of Global Finance (Capital Markets), Nomura International
(Ex) Asia Head of Global Finance (Capital Markets), Lehman Brothers
(Ex) Member of Macro-Economic Supervisory Forum in Financial Supervisory
Service
• MS in management, Sloan School of Management, MIT
• BS and MS in chemical engineering, MIT
•
•
•
•
•

▶ Muzika

Inkyu Choi

♪ Team Muzika

Jinsoo Park

Advisor, Finance and Copyright
Law
• Representative Managing Partner, Springcamp, a Naver Venture
Capital
• (Ex) Team Leader, Seoul Techno Holdings
• (Ex) Partner Patent Attorney, MAPS Intellectual Property Law Firm
• (Ex) Software Engineer, Empas Search Engine
• Certified Patent Attorney
• Computer Science, Seoul National University

Myunsik Cho

Advisor, Copyright Law
•
•
•
•
•

Advisor, Music Management
•
•
•
•
•
•

CFO, Huayibrothers Entertainment
(Ex) Director and CFO, YG Investment
(Ex) Senior Associate, Samil PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountant
Certified Financial Analyst
Business Administration and Economics, Yonsei University

Yoonwoo Lee
Senior Advisor

Representative Lawyer, Dongnyuk LLC
• (Ex) Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman of Samsung Electronics
Top legal specialist in music, entertainment, film, and copyright law
(Ex) Legal advisor of Korean Film Producers’ Association
(Ex) Legal representative of JYP Entertainment, Star Empire, Jellyfish Entertainment, Ji Young Baek, among other numerous musicians, actors, and celebrities
Psychology, Seoul National University

51

V. Roadmap

▶ Abstract

▶Market Summary
▶Issues
▶Muzika

February
2018

January 2019

Tokenomics Structure
Design Completed

February
2017

Project
conceptualized

♪ Team Muzika

Phase 1 Service Launch
- Consumption-oriented
services

April 2019

Phase 3 Service Launch
- Official global launch of
the
full Version Muzika
ecosystem

April 2018

Platform Testing Begins
- Login protocol
- IPFS tech. application

▶ Disclaimer

July 2017

Commencement
of
platform
modeling

June 2018

Platform Testing Completed
- Realtime
encoding/decoding
- Testnet Operation

February 2019

Phase 2 Service Launch
- Production-oriented services

September ~ December 2018
Testnet Prototype Launch
Mainnet Prototype Launch
Integration of MZK transaction
system to the existing platforms

2020 ~

Reshaping the
Global music industry

52

