Abstract
Introduction
Business model
Legal Structure
Funding and Monetisation
Areas of Opportunity
Opportunity 1: An automated investment system
Opportunity 2: A revenue distribution management system
Opportunity 3: A decentralised asset exchange
Architecture
Front End
Smart Contracts
Token
Access layer
Escrow
Staking
Technologies Used
RoadMap
Current
Alpha
Beta
Conclusion

Abstract
MyBit is an IoT investment ecosystem powered by Ethereum. Founded in
Switzerland by industry veterans, MyBit believes that people should be
able to follow their passion instead of having to work to survive.
By redeﬁning the way people generate income, MyBit strives to
democratise ﬁnancial services so everyone has equal access to
investment opportunities. This becomes critical when the future machine
economy automates 800 million jobs by 2030 (Mckinsey, 2017) and the
average person, whose job is automated, has no ability to participate in
this new economy.
MyBit provides an ecosystem for the upcoming 11.1 Trillion dollar IoT
industry (Forbes, 2017), with the belief that everyone should have an equal
opportunity to participate in this revolution.

Introduction
The Internet changed humanity signiﬁcantly. Now there is a new
technological revolution on its way. It is predicted that by 2025, 50 billion
IoT devices will generate an astonishing 11.1 trillion $ in revenue. Every
industry and occupation will be affected under the fast development of
autonomous machines. Mckinsey (2017) calculated that 50% of all global
working-hours can be automated with currently demonstrated technology
already. This machine transition will have an impact on 30% of all jobs by
2030. MyBit provides an ecosystem for the upcoming 11.1 Trillion dollar
IoT industry, with the belief that everyone should have an equal
opportunity to participate in this revolution.
MyBit believes the ecosystem being designed is of vital importance to the
future moving in the right direction for the world’s population as a whole.
Current investing procedures are broken with high risk due to people
having to entrust third-parties with their personal money, excessively high
fees, slow distributions of proﬁts, and above all high capital barriers to

entry which results in the top 1% (economically) of the population
obtaining unequal access to the most proﬁtable deals.
MyBit solves this issue by focusing on using Blockchain technology to
create an open, fair, and eﬃcient investing ecosystem that is available to
everyone. The Ecosystem is comprised of the MyBit DApp, a
decentralised investing platform, and MYDAX, the world’s ﬁrst
decentralised exchange for IoT assets, which creates liquidity that
historically has never been available in many markets.

Business Model
MyBit is categorized as an Investment and Financial Services Platform
under the Financial Technology sector. This means that MyBit is a toolkit/
software application to streamline investing and associated activities, but
is not in the business of managing money nor making decisions on behalf
of clients.
Parent Organization: MyBit Stiftung (Foundation registered in Zug,
Switzerland with registration number: CHE-177.186.963)
Operating Entity: MyBit AG (Limited company registered in Zug,
Switzerland with registration number: CHE‑192.841.841)
MyBit’s operations were funded via a tokensale which concluded in
August 2017 with a total of 10.044 Ethereum contributed, resulting in
101.039.183.84447 MYB being released to the public. As of 23.5.2018, the
MyBit Foundation retains 78,960,816.155527 MYB which it may elect to
sell or otherwise release at a future date to ﬁnance continued operations
in relation to the development of the greater MyBit Ecosystem.
MyBit has a basic monetisation strategy of charging a 1% fee to all assets
funded over the MyBit investment platform (MyBit DApp). This fee is
designed to sustain long term operations and continued innovation over
the foreseeable future.

Areas of Opportunity

MyBit was designed to bring investing, trading, and the exchange of
assets into the 21st century to create a more secure and robust
experience for everyone ranging from individual to institutional investors.
Currently investment models are outdated and do not have technology
eﬃciently integrated which equates into high management fees, slow
revenue distribution, lack of liquidity in many alternative asset markets,
and an inherent risk of trusting third parties with personal capital.
To effectively achieve goals of a faster, more secure, and cost-effective
investing ecosystem we designed the MyBit ecosystem to be built on top
of Ethereum, to tap into the power of smart contracts, which are a secure
and eﬃcient method for executing investment terms and other ﬁnancial
processes. Smart contracts are computer code that executes actual as
programmed, so we are able to digitalise processes from current ﬁnancial
models and eliminate many ineﬃciencies and human interactions. Since
it also functions as a payment system and does not just have logic
execution capabilities, we can also eliminate the need for bridging
together many different systems such as a payment service, investment
book-keeping logs, and accounting software.

Opportunity 1: An automated investment system
This use case effectively removes the need for a broker to facilitate
transactions between investors and the assets they are placing their
capital into. It provides a more cost effective solution due to computers
being much less expensive to maintain than humans. It also provides a
more secure environment because your funds ﬂow directly to the
investment asset without having to be in control of a third-party at any
time.
Opportunity 2: A revenue distribution management system
This use case streamlines the payment of dividends, revenue
distributions, and other forms of proﬁt disbursements. As an investment
generates income, smart contracts automatically transmit the funds to
the investor in real time. Under current models, real time is not feasible do
to human involvement in aggregating and distributing capital. Similar to
the use case of an automated investment system, this also is a more
secure process as a third-party is never in control of personal capital.
Opportunity 3: A decentralised asset exchange
MYDAX, the MyBit Decentralised Asset Exchange is designed to create
liquidity in historically illiquid alternative assets in the ﬁelds of, but not
limited to, energy, property, transportation, ﬁnancial and smart devices
such as 3d printers and cryptocurrency ATMs. To date when investing in
alternative assets, investors often have diﬃculty liquidating their stakes
and must wait for a full return on investment from revenue to realise
gains. Alternatively, they may have the option of ﬁnding a buyer, normally
through a broker service, to purchase their ownership stake; however, this
process is often expensive and highly time consuming. MYDAX integrates
a fractional ownership exchange and matching protocol to allow investors
to create a market which seamlessly ﬁnds a buyer or seller for a speciﬁc
asset and also enables fractional ownership buying and selling. Meaning
asset owners can sell a piece of their stake, instead of an all or nothing
model which is the current norm. MYDAX can operate independently from

the MyBit investment platform which gives it substantial versatility across
market sectors.

Architecture
Front End
Both the MyBit investment platform and MYDAX are web self-hosted
applications that connect to our smart-contract platform in order to
function. Their frontend is composed by the following major elements, all
of them open-source to the community with a proven track-record of their
usability and maintainability:
React.js (https://github.com/facebook/react/)
The Facebook sponsored popular tool React is the initial piece in a series
of building blocks for our user interface. Using the popular web language
JavaScript, React helps us to build eﬃcient and ﬂexible small UI
components that we then glue together in order to create user stories.
Storybook.js (https://github.com/storybooks/storybook)
Storybook allows us to deﬁne complex interfaces by visually integrating
React components previously constructed. As the name says, it contains
the stories in a book-like form, showcasing how users will perform their
actions within the platform. Storybook is in a way the blueprintdevelopment tool for our applications, allowing to see a high-level view of
the platforms.
Next.js (https://github.com/zeit/next.js)
In order to render our application into a static website, while still relying on
server‑rendered logic on development, we use Next. Next is a company
sponsored light-framework that integrates and renders our React
components into HTML ready pages. We can then host these HTML
pages into a decentralized friendly hosting service like IPFS.

Web3.js (https://github.com/ethereum/web3.js/tree/v1.0.0-beta.34)
An important piece within our ecosystem is Web3, which is the Ethereum
developed JavaScript implementation that allows web applications to
communicate with our Smart Contracts through a Web3 supported
interface like the chrome extension Metamask or the Consensys
sponsored platform Infura. Web3 sits on top of our components in order
sync the data with the interface.

Smart Contracts
The MyBit smart-contract platform is built to allow the decentralized
crowd-funding of assets, automating the distribution of revenue . All
contracts are written in Solidity and follow design patterns that force each
user to pay for their own computation costs. Interactions with the
platform will burn a small amount of MyBit tokens associated with MYB
price and current ﬁat values. All contracts are built to be upgradeable by
storing long-term data under 32 byte length keys in a permanent contract,
while complex logic is handled in contracts that can have write privileges
removed and swapped for a new contract that implements protocol
changes. Upgrading contracts requires owners to agree sign the address
of the replacing contract. All critical functions that may result in the
movement of Ether/MyBit or important data changes can be paused by
the owners of the platform. The platform is currently written to have 3
owners who must have a consensus for any critical functions to be called.
Using this consensus agreement removes the risk involved in having one
Ethereum wallet gain control over the whole platform.

Upgradeability
This contract stores all data in mappings which can be referenced with a
bytes32 key, which is produced from the sha3 hash of variable names
with associated ID's and user addresses. This will be the only contract
on the platform that is not upgradeable, since it holds all the data on the
platform. For this reason it is written very simple and robust, only taking
bytes32 keys to store values. The database contract will only accept
transactions originating from one of the contracts registered in
ContractManager.
Contracts: Database.sol, ContractManager.sol

Access
The user access contracts handle all authority measures on the
platform. Owners can approve users for KYC, remove users, pause the
platform or sign important function calls. By burning MyBit tokens, users
can achieve the following access levels: 1 = Funding/Creating assets, 2
= Become Asset Manager, 3 = Ability to trade shares.
Contracts: UserAccess.sol, Owned.sol
Assets
The contracts involved in asset life-cycles are broken down into 3 main
periods: creation period, funding period and distributing period. Each
period is handled by a seperate contract.
Asset creation is where operators can start funding periods for new
assets. Operators can lock MyBit tokens in escrow before starting a
funding period for a new asset to increase trust from funders. This
escrow can be retrieved by the operator according to how much return
on investment the asset has returned. The funding period is where users
can send in ETH to a newly created asset to buy ownership units of that
asset. The contract will reward the user with shares equal to the amount
that they contributed. (1 wei = 1 share). If the asset successfully meets
it's funding target this contract distributes the Ether to the manufacturer
and the MyBit foundation. If the funding period is a failure, users can
withdraw their funded Ether. Operators can retrieve their escrowed
tokens if funding period fails. The asset distribution period deals with
receiving and distributing income produced by assets, as well as
managing users ownership units.
Contracts: AssetCreation.sol, FundingHub.sol, Asset.sol,
OperatorEscrow,
Decentralized Asset Exchange (DAX)
This is where users can trade ownership units for all live assets on the
MyBit platform. Once the order is picked up, the Marketplace contract
calls the Asset contract and the shares are then transferred to the new

owner. The Asset contract will only allow shares to be transferred when
called by the Marketplace contract.

Token
Access layer
The token is not used to directly fund assets since ERC20 token gas
costs are roughly double that of a normal Ether transaction, they are not
optimized for medium of exchange purposes. Instead MYB acts as an
access token by using a proof-of-burn protocol, deriving it’s value from
genuine usage of the platform. Each user must burn MYB to access the
platform, which decreases supply over time and increases security by
increasing the cost to attack the platform.
Escrow
Asset Managers are required to lock MYB in escrow as collateral to
incentivise them to perform their duties. If they are removed from their
position, the escrowed MYB will be forfeited to the replacement Asset
Manager. Asset Managers can withdraw MYB in proportion to the
percent ROI the asset has generated. For example if an asset is at 25%
break-even, meaning it cost CHF 10.000 and CHF 2.500 has been
distributed to investors, then 25% of escrowed MYB is eligible for
withdrawal. The percentages at which withdrawal is available are: 25%,
50%, 75%, 100%. Once the escrow is fully withdrawn, only the monthly
revenue streams incentivise the Asset Manager keep the asset
functioning.

Staking
Hodlers of MYB can "stake" or post the required escrow for Asset
Managers and in return receive a portion of the revenue stream assigned
to the Asset Manager. Much like the free market model where Asset
Managers can choose their revenue percentages of an asset they are
managing, we believe that this should also be up to the discretion of the
Asset Managers and Stakers. If an Asset Manager offers to low of a
revenue share agreement, then in theory they will not have their
escrowed covered by any Stakers. Stakers are required to post all or
nothing. In the future we may implement crowdfunded staking, but
currently it is not an option.

Roadmap
The development of MyBit’s ecosystem is segmented over several
phases.
Phase 1 - Q1/2
In this phase MyBit focuses on the development of Alpha version 0.1. and
the preparations for marketing. This ﬁrst version of our Alpha, codenamed
CELESTINE, will consist of a basic testnet infrastructure to function as a
technological foundation to build on top of. This version includes an
explore function with assets and a simple portfolio for users to track his/
her assets. Version 0.1 will be available to a select group of community
members.
On the front-end MyBit will update its complete brand identity which
includes a new website, brand story and its community-management
structure. A token swap will be initiated. This update is fundamental to
realising the full potential of the Ecosystem from a tech and marketing
perspective.

Phase 2 - Q3
From this version on, UI and UX start to play an active and important role
in the further development of the Alpha. An onboarding funnel, user
tutorial and knowledge base will be implemented to accustom new
users to the platform. Another function that will be added it the asset
section where users can track their assets. The test group will be
expanded for this version. In this phase the community has grown to a
respectable inner-circle and all brand elements are ﬁnished to fully start
with marketing.
Phase 3 - Q3
Phase 3 will add several important UI/UX functionalities to the platform
such as notiﬁcations, animations and an asset-favourites option. This
update will also introduce the user account functionality as well as the
role of asset manager which includes several advanced functionalities
within the MyBit ecosystem. This update enables more people to board
the platform and to thoroughly test it. Marketing in this stage consists of
amplifying our brand story via all the different channels that our target
group(s) use. The goal is to grow our community and to spread the
visibility of MyBit depending on the communities coverage. Mybit’s
ambition is to expand the marketing department around this time.
Phase 4 - Q4
The last testnet version of the Alpha will be released in Q4 and will
showcase almost every aspect of the platform. This update will enlarge
the test group signiﬁcantly. Version 0.4 will be complimented by the
launch of MYDAX, the ﬁrst decentralised IoT exchange in the world. On
this exchange users can buy, sell and monitor IoT assets on a global
basis. Marketing of the past periods are analysed and steered
accordingly. The goal is to grow our community on all channels and to
expand the visibility of MyBit on a global basis.

Phase 5 - 2019
The ﬁrst mainnet platform of MyBit -the Beta-will become operational
after all aspects have been thoroughly tested by our end-users. In all the
previous phases selected community members have helped to develop
the platform resulting in a user-friendly application. The Beta version
will offer all functionalities necessary to give MyBit’s users an optimal
investing experience. A new roadmap will be published in this phase in
order to stay accurate.

Conclusion
In this paper we have discussed the design and implementation of an IoT
investment ecosystem (MyBit). It is comprised of a decentralised
investment platform (MyBit DApp) and a decentralised exchange
(MYDAX). It is designed to create an open, fair, and streamlined
environment for the next generation of investing to give everyone equal
access to the multi-trillion dollar machine economy. MyBit was founded
by industry veterans and is open-sourced under GPL v3.

MyBit Stiftung (MyBit Foundation) is registered in Zug,
Switzerland. Identification number CHE-177.186.963.

