Create a New Ecosystem of
Cryptocurrency Investment

White Paper V1.1
2018.03

!1

Contents
Ⅰ. Abstract

3

Ⅱ. Background

3

2.1 New World

3

2.2 New Trend

4

2.3 Problems

4

Ⅲ. About MyToken

6

3.1 Our Mission and Vision

6

3.2 MyToken Project Introduction

6

3.3 MyToken Development Plans

7

3.4 MyToken Business Structure Diagram

9

3.5 MT Usage Scenarios

9

Ⅳ. Token Distribution

14

4.1 Token Distribution

15

4.2 Fund Usage

16

4.3 MT Repurchasing Plan

17

Ⅴ. Advisory

17

Ⅵ. Governance Structure

18

Ⅶ. Risks and Disclaimer

19

7.1 Disclaimer

19

7.2 Risk

20

!2

Ⅰ. Abstract
The blockchain technology as represented by Bitcoin and Ethereum has been rapidly growing
in the recent years. Not only does it create a revolutionary technology, the cryptocurrencies
that come along with it have developed a new model for financing ventures. Characterized
with low funding costs (for companies) and high ROI and liquidity (for investors), this new
model shows huge potential for greater use in all kinds of industries.
Established in August 2017, MyToken focuses on providing aggregate exchange market
information and has become a market-watching application with the largest market share and
the highest number of active users in China.
As a platform that has attracted many cryptocurrency investors, MyToken hopes to further
solve the problems faced by our users in the market today. MyToken’s vision is to create a
new cryptocurrency investment service ecosystem based on the blockchain technology and
token system. The new ecosystem will be able to minimize transaction cost, provide the best
content and the best social interaction experience, and integrate some of the most valuable
investment tools into itself.
MyToken is an advocate for value investing and decentralization. We wish to become the
bridge connecting the blockchain technology and its users as well as investors by accelerating
the transformation process in which the users get involved.

Ⅱ. Background
2.1 New World
In 2008, Satoshi Nakamoto published the Bitcoin white paper and thereby launched an
irreversible technology and social revolution. Bitcoin solves the incentive problem in a
decentralized structure by designing a consensus mechanism that allows as many nodes
(participants) as possible to join and support the network.
The development of Bitcoin and its incentive mechanism has been inspiring in the past ten
years. Bitcoin has overall attracted approximately 20e Hashrate of computing power and
reached a market cap of 300,000,000,000 USD with the highest price at 19000 USD. It
catalyzed an unprecedented decentralized community and a booming ecosystem consisting of
cryptocurrency exchanges, OTC exchanges, Initial Coin Offerings, vertical media and other
related communities.

!3

An even more long-lasting effect of Bitcoin is brought by the underlying blockchain
technology. The whole blockchain industry and the new economic ecosystem based on
cryptocurrencies fundamentally changed the way business is organized and funded today.
Entrepreneurs are building organizations with a more transparent and decentralized structure.
Funded by coin offerings, these organizations are able to attract early supporters and
community contributors who will further develop the system. On the other hand, more
investors can get involved in the early stage of projects and receive high returns for
contributing capital in the process of development.

2.2 New Trend
The blockchain industry went from “Blockchain 1.0” to “Blockchain 2.0” in the past ten
years and fundamentally changed the investment activities in the crypto asset industry.
“Blockchain 1.0”, as represented by Bitcoin, aimed at solving the problem embedded in the
old currency and payment system with a new technology. However, the concept of
blockchain was not fully explored as the the industry was mainly looking for better “payment
and currency solutions”. Investments in this stage mainly focused on Bitcoin.
The invention of Ethereum and smart contracts launched the “Blockchain 2.0” era. Not only
more and more people realize the underlying value of the blockchain technology behind
Bitcoin, Ethereum establishes a Turing-complete platform that enables developers to create
smart contracts conveniently. The platform provided by Ethereum greatly reduces
development costs and technology barriers, further disseminating the blockchain technology
into every aspects of our modern commercial society, such as finance, IoT, healthcare , legal
practice, content distribution, art, communication, social media, entertainment,
advertisement, storage services and more.
More investment opportunities are made possible. In addition to Bitcoin and “traditional
payment and currency solutions” created in the “Blockchain 1.0” era, every month we see
new projects and attempts aiming at revolutionizing the outdated and inefficient structure in
different industries. New crypto assets created along with these projects will have higher ROI
potential as Bitcoin is reaching a more mature stage. Diversified investment strategies will
become mainstream in the future soon.

2.3 Problems
Since 2017, over 500 projects were funded with $5 billion USD through Initial Coin Offering
(ICO). More than 2000 kinds of cryptocurrencies can be traded on approximately 300 crypto
exchanges (Data from MyToken).

!4

This rapid development creates opportunities as well as problems for individual investors.
1. Diversification of Cryptocurrencies
According to MyToken, there are over 2000 kinds of cryptocurrencies available in the market
and the number keeps growing. These cryptocurrencies come from over 100 industry
segments. It becomes impossible for most individual investors to even learn the basic
information of mainstream cryptocurrencies, such as project goals, team members, industries,
funding and valuations.
2. Market Fragmentation
The low cost and the high return of setting up an exchange are leading to the prosperity of
exchange markets (It is easy to set up an exchange while costly to maintain a good service).
According to MyToken, there are over 300 renowned crypto exchanges, each with various
resources and strategies providing different transaction prices and depth. It becomes an
urgent problem to help investors have a complete understanding of the market and identify
the most suitable exchanges.
3. Measurability of Personal Assets
Due to the aforementioned problems, investments of personal investors are distributed in
different exchanges, wallets, and even ICO crypto assets yet to be released by the issuers.
Together with the high volatility of cryptocurrency prices, it becomes extremely hard to
evaluate one’s overall crypto assets.

4. High Operation Cost
Investments in the cryptocurrencies including fiat-crypto transactions, crypto-crypto
transactions and Initial Coin Offerings. Fiat-crypto transactions are mostly on OTC platforms
while crypto-crypto transactions are mainly on crypto exchanges. Initial Coin Offerings, on
the other hand, are usually offered on the official website of a project, ICO platforms or user
groups. This diversification of platforms brings down user experience and wastes resources.

5. High Decision Cost
Cryptocurrency investments have replaced traditional angel investments and venture capitals
as early-stage funding for startups. Individual investors become angel investors but lack the
ability to practice institutional investment analyses and due diligences. Buying based on
marketing advertisements instead of effective analyses will just bring high risks to the
investors and more frauds into the market.

6. Scams
The blockchain industry was born with the characteristics of decentralization and
globalization and therefore is hard to be effectively regulated by governments. The
astonishing profits of early participants in the market have attracted scamsters to join and put
up fake projects or even pyramid selling. As participants in the industry, if we do not take
!5

effective actions, the chaos and scams in the market will have huge negative impact on the
emerging blockchain industry.

Ⅲ. About MyToken
3.1 Our Mission and Vision
Blockchain makes decentralized and trust-less transactions possible in modern commercial
activities. By reducing the cost of trust in real life and in business transactions it has set forth
a revolution in the organizational structure of business.
Based on its highly creative business framework, the cryptocurrency system based on the
blockchain technology provides vitality for new ventures and their development. While being
able to attract early community members to build commercial value of the network, it also
presents a new model for enterprises to raise funding for future development, and offers new
chances for investors to invest in early-stage projects with a clear exit route.
As a firm advocate of value investing and the underlying value of blockchain and
cryptocurrencies in human society, MyToken believes that value investing will generate high
returns as the industry develops further (as in the case of Bitcoin). We hope to effectively
connect blockchain and the traditional world, to bridge blockchain-based projects and
investors, and to help people better understand this industry and its promising future.

3.2 MyToken Project Introduction
Founded in August 2017, MyToken is an application providing aggregate crypto market
information across exchanges. We aim to build a healthy cryptocurrency investing platform
and provide investors with the most objective data, information and tools which will help
them gain in-depth understanding of the blockchain industry and projects. With data
integration, UGC, community and ecosystem services together, we can effectively reduce
decision-making costs for cryptocurrency investors and thus help them actively participate in
the blockchain world.
We released our first iOS and Android app in August, 2017 and provided investors with a
means to search and look up the prices of cryptocurrencies across multiple exchanges. After
several product iterations in the past six months, we have released twenty versions and
currently provide the following features:
1. Transaction data from nearly 300 exchange platforms, with real-time pricing and detailed
transaction volume of more than 70 popular exchange platforms

!6

2. Real-time pricing of more than 2000 cryptocurrencies
3. Candlestick charts, trading volume and in-depth trading data
4. Comprehensive cryptocurrency background info, market info, ICO prices and project info
for nearly popular cryptocurrencies
5. Real-time evaluation of users’ cryptocurrency assets
6. Integration of announcements and Twitter messages from major exchanges
7. Integration of selected high quality media content
MyToken has become the most popular cryptocurrency market platform in China with
applications on iOS / Android / HTML5 / Mac. Our product has attracted over 400,000 users,
more than 50 WeChat Groups and over 100,000 DAUs.

Figure 1：MyToken App Screenshots

3.3 MyToken Development Plans
MyToken advocates choosing the appropriate technology and organizational framework to
tackle challenges, rather than blindly applying existing technologies.
In the past six months of development, we observed that data aggregation was quite logicheavy and result-oriented; therefore, we chose a centralized organizational structure to
develop our product. After six months of product iterations, we have solved or partially

!7

solved the problems mentioned in the first three pain points of users listed in Section 2.3. The
overall user behavior data analysis shows that our solution has been highly recognized and
favored by the vast majority of investors. The team is now ready to tackle the last three pain
points listed in Section 2.3 and face future challenges.
Helping investors efficiently make investments at lower decision making costs and helping
both users and developers better understand the blockchain community are both important
problems to be resolved. We hope to introduce the decentralized technology and token system
into the investment scenario. We hope to attract more eco-builders and business partners to
create an efficient and friendly cryptocurrency investing ecosystem.
In this ecosystem, we hope to complete, but not limited to, the following projects:
1. Targeted Advertisement
Accurately match advertisers and audience in the cryptocurrency industry; help advertisers
obtain targeted audience while allowing the audience to choose whether to accept the ads and
benefit from the value of their attention
2. Aggregate Trading
Connect to more cryptocurrency exchanges under legal premises; provide investors with a
good cryptocurrency trading experience and increase transaction depth for exchange
platforms
3. Overseas Platform
While complying to legal premises, connect to more blockchain project teams to create
effective fundraising and investing channels for project teams and potential investors
4. Data Services
Open APIs of user data and exchange information to cryptocurrency investment service
suppliers and attract them to contribute their specialized knowledge and gain equivalent
returns
5. DApp Store
Launch DApp Store to help blockchain projects demonstrate their products and attract more
community members
6. UGC System
Build a user account system and a UGC mechanism to attract more content contributors to
join the ecosystem, thereby improving the amount of high quality investing-related content
while allowing the content generators to obtain equivalent returns

!8

3.4 MyToken Business Structure Diagram

Figure 2: MyToken’s Present Business Structure Diagram

!

Figure 3: MyToken’s New Business Structure Diagram

3.5 MT Usage Scenarios
Based on the above structure, MyToken will develop MT, an ERC20 token on Ethereum. MT
will serve as the medium of circulation in the ecosystem and become the core of the system
consensus. At the same time, in order to encourage value investing and integrate values of all
members in this system, MyToken will distribute MT Points (tentative name) according to
users’ MT holding quantity and time. MT Points will be correlated with user rights and
consumed by users in certain app usage scenarios.

!9

3.5.1 Promotion Engine [Targeted Advertising]
MyToken is a platform that has gathered a lot of cryptocurrency investors, and has the
commercial value of bringing outstanding blockchain projects / services and potential user
groups together. Therefore, MyToken hopes to maximize the value of both parties through a
promotion engine that balances their interests.
The traditional advertising and promotion model has not been very ideal when it comes to the
effects. Ads easily encroach the audience's attention, squandering the costs of advertisers and
over-consuming users’ attention. The traditional advertising platform proposed the "targeted
advertising" concept and tried to filter users based on behavioral data. While making more
precise audience selection possible, the core needs of the targeted audience is still grossly
ignored. On the one hand, handling users’ privacy and security in a centralized entity is
insecure and dangerous. On the other hand, platforms are indifferent to the users’ needs and
squandering the value of user's attention at their own will. Last but not least, this so-called
“precision” does not fully achieve it’s goal because the data that most platforms can access is
still very limited.
Blockchain technology allows us to solve these contradictions. Users can control their
attention value and get equivalent returns, or they can choose to use an ad-free product. In
this way, we can have more accurate matching and better privacy management.
Application of MT:
1. Advertisers use MT to pay advertising fees for displaying promotions at the appropriate
locations on the MyToken App or related products;
2. In the future, users can also select acceptable ad types based on their interests and get the
corresponding MT rewards based on their level of participations.

3.5.2 Cryptocurrency Transactions [Aggregate Trading]
Trading is a basic demand in the cryptocurrency world. The current market, however, is
extremely fragmented, which makes it hard for investors to trade across exchanges. MyToken
will connect more exchange platforms in the ecosystem and provide one-stop trading services
to investors, avoiding multiple login issues and bringing more traffic to the exchanges at the
same time.
MyToken will connect with the popular centralized exchanges that have in-depth transactions
right now, and on the other hand, will also collaborate with decentralized exchange platforms.
Although decentralized exchange platforms currently has trouble in matching transactions,
they provide broader coin type coverage and better transaction immediacy, which will help
them meet more trading needs of investors in the coming future.

!10

Application of MT:
After the transaction throughput reaches a certain level, MyToken will charge the services for
each transaction based on the occupation and consumption of network resources. Investors
will be able to deduct this service by using MT or MT Points.

3.5.3 Overseas Platform
According to statistics, over 1,000 projects raised funding by issuing ERC20 tokens on the
Ethereum smart contract platform in 2017. This new model connects project teams and
investors with lower financing costs and excellent liquidity, and thereby provides an
attractive alternative to traditional funding methods. Financing has quickly become the most
important and mature application on Ethereum’s smart contract platform and currently the
most pivotal part in the field of cryptocurrency investing.
However, there are still many needs that have not been met for both project teams and
investors in the current initial coin offering system:
1. Project teams need to find a good advertising channel to reach potential investors
2. Investors can only invest in projects via the official website, which makes the investment
information extremely scattered
3. Many projects require KYC certification for compliance purposes. Investors need to
repeatedly fill in a large amount of information for each project they invest in.
4. For investors, many official websites cannot provide a good and consistent user
experience, which in return is the increase of investing costs.
5. Some of the projects are over-packaged or even scams.
Under the premises of legal compliance, MyToken can help to connect project teams and
investors more accurately in our established investor community. Project teams can distribute
fundraising information through MT, while investors can use highly consistent UI interfaces
as the one-time KYC certification will eliminate the complexity in the process.
Application of MT:
1. Project owners need to consume a certain amount of MT Points to login to the MyToken
platform
2. Project owners can demonstrate better with tools available on MyToken and attract
investors by providing them with MT Bonus (or issuing project token bonus with locked
MT).

1! 1

3.5.4 Ecosystem-based Services [Data Services]
MyToken also hopes to provide professional investing services for cryptocurrency investors.
Similar to the traditional financial markets, there are many professional teams or specialized
individuals that provide effective products to help individual investors select valuable
currencies, make multi-dimensional assessments, and build positions. Similar services
include, but are not limited to, quantitative trading, follow-up investing, derivatives
transactions, smart contract auditing and professional project evaluations.
MyToken will set up and open APIs to professional investing service teams. We believe that
professional teams should be entrusted to do professional work, so that our users will be able
to obtain the best and most competitive professional services as a result of competition and
collaboration of service providers.
Application of MT:
1. Developers and professional teams need to consume MT Points when using data provided
by MyToken
2. Developers and professional teams can charge users a service consideration in the form of
MT
The blockchain ecosystem will be further developed by blossoming projects and DApps will
become the main form of these projects. In 2017, hundreds of projects have been set up and/
or completed. It is foreseeable that there will be a greater number of DApps in 2018.
Blockchain enthusiasts are also looking forward to gaining convenient access to these new
services.
As a platform that brings together a large amount of digital asset investors, MyToken hopes
to serve as a gateway to the entire blockchain world. MyToken will provide a DApp Store
where blockchain project developers can publish their DApps to the DApp Store. For users, it
is easy to search, join, and leave comments on the DApps they are interested in.
Application of MT:
1. Project owners and developers need to consume MT Points to publish their DApps
2. In addition to natural traffic, project developers can also get a better demonstration by
paying extra MT, or enhance the promotion results by paying MT to users as a bonus.

!12

3.5.6 User Generated Content [UGC]
Users form communities in which they naturally generate User Generated Content (UGC).
High quality UGC can help content producers get corresponding returns, promote community
building, and is valuable to people in need of the information.
In MyToken's ecosystem, users can help to maintain and update cryptocurrency-related
information such as news information and project profile, as well as express their thoughts on
investment management and investing philosophy or in-depth analyses on some projects. All
high quality content will enter the content feeds through the system's recommendation
mechanism, and users may complete secondary UGC interactions through likes, comments,
rewards, etc.
Application of MT:
1. Because the project information is a more serious kind of information, users need to
consume a certain amount of MT Points to provide such information. The information
submitted will go through an inter-peer review, i.e, reviewed by other contributors. The
content that does not pass the inter-trial will be invalid, otherwise the contributor will
receive rewards for the passed content. The project information gathering system includes
a rewarding mechanism, which enables the content contributors and content reviewers to
get rewards and gain reputations.
2. MyToken ecosystem will provide a content filtering mechanism to help display valuable
content. The early filtering process will be simply based on “ups” “downs” and reviews,
all of which will consume MT Points to avoid fraudulent and spamming activities. All
UGC content will also have a rewarding mechanism through which rewards will be given
back to UGC content contributors while increasing their reputation.
3. There is a project team behind each cryptocurrency. The project team can also join the
MyToken platform and interact with the users/investors in the community. By paying a
certain amount of MT, the project team can launch marketing activities in the community,
such as sending bonuses and releasing tasks to attract new members to join and increase
community activities.
4. Users can also help MyToken or project teams maintain the community and earn MT
in return.

3.6 Roadmap
By designing the entire system, we hope that most of the scenarios will be ultimately based
on decentralized solutions and believe that decentralization will become the future of
business organizations. However, MyToken is not a zero-start project but a project that
already possesses a certain commercial bottom-line and technological structure, which
requires us to respond to market needs and technological development.

!13

Under this premise, we have formulated a preliminary roadmap, hoping to achieve the scene
depicted in the white paper within a year, but we reserve the right to make adjustments to the
development process and macro planning according to environment shifts.

2017.08

MyToken launched on iOS / Android

2017.10 Closed angel round funding from K2VC
Completed main features including market information, Candlestick, Depth,
2018.02 Encyclopedia, currency assets and became the most well-known market
analysis application in China
Complete token development
2018.03

2018.06
2018.09

Start running the advertising system
Launch Initial Coin Offering

Aggregate transactions covering major centralized exchange platforms
Open APIs (partially)
Start decentralized wallet testing
Launch the aggregate-direct-investment function for blockchain projects

2018.12 Launch DApp Store
Open community and UGC system to users

After completing each core function listed in the above roadmap, we will continue to
optimize and update each function to make MyToken become an ultimately safe, easy-to-use
and international product.

Ⅳ. Token Distribution

!14

4.1 Token Distribution
MyToken will develop its token (MT), issued by Tokenpia Limited. based on the ERC20
standard. A strict limit of 4,000,000,000 MT will be created, and never to be increased (The
total amount will be reduced to 3,000,000,000 MT based on our business development after
MT go into circulation). 45% of the created token will be kept with MyToken foundation and
used for ecosystem development, community activities and business development in the
future. 40% will be used for token public offering and initial token airdrop. The rest 15% will
be distributed to the founding team and early investors.
Tokens distributed to the founding team and early investors will be locked for four years,
with a release of 25% each year. All of the vested tokens will be released in four years.
• Hard Cap: 22000 ETH;
• Round 1: 1 ETH = 75000 MT; 50% locked and released each week linearly in six months.
(Releasing day is set on different weekdays based on the sequence of investment)
• Round 2: 1 ETH = 45000 MT; 20% locked and released each week linearly in three
months. (Releasing day is set on different weekdays based on the sequence of investment)

MT Token Distribution

15%

40%

45%

Founding team & early investors
The Foundation
Token public offering and initial token airdrop

!15

4.2 Fund Usage
All funds raised will be used to build a better cryptocurrency investment ecosystem through
the MyToken project.

1. Team building: 10% of the funding will be used for regulation compliance and
enhancement of human resources;
2. Product development: no less than 50% of the funding will be used for developing multiplatform applications, building the underlying blockchain infrastructure, and enhancing
security and tools;
3. Business development: as a global project, 20% of the funding will be used for marketing
and business development to make our product widely accepted by international users
and reach cooperation with other blockchain based projects;
4. Community operation: 20% of the funding will be used for MyToken’s product and
community operation. We will establish a professional team in charge of product
operation and client services, with a goal of connecting communities and driving faster
product iterations.
MT Funding Release Plan

20%

50%
20%

10%

Product development
Team Building
Business development
Operation & community

!16

4.3 MT Repurchasing Plan
We attach great importance to the circulation of MT in the whole ecosystem and its function
as a medium to disseminating values of the MyToken system. The value of MT is based on its
usage, users’ expectations, the investors’ willingness to hold, and the demand in circulation. It
is the basis of the community and will become the biggest return to investors in this system.
As a platform that has been established and well-run for a while, we hope to pay back to the
investors who have believed in and stand with us since the first day. Every month, we will
use 50% of our token revenue to buy back and destroy MT (we will use 100% of our token
revenue to buy back before our new aggregate exchange feature is online), while the rest 50%
will be retained with the Foundation for future development. All buy-back transactions will
be announced on the blockchain and the bought-back MT will be sent to an address without
private key. We will eventually destroy 1,000,000,000 MT and leave 3,000,000,000 MT in
remaining. It can be expected that the MyToken ecosystem will reach to a stable state at
which the remaining tokens will be enough to support the circulation.

Ⅴ. Advisory
Spectra Advisory is a blockchain and cryptocurrency consulting company under the Spectra
Ventures & Advisory (www.spectragroup.io). We
provide cryptocurrency advisory services and
blockchain consulting services. Our team
consists of early cryptocurrency adopters and
experienced investment managers from top-tier
venture capitals. We bring our enriched
experience across industries and countries to
practice professional advisory services for our
clients in China, Japan, Korea, SEA, Europe and
the United States.
Official Telegram: spectravc
Official WeChat: spectravc

!17

Ⅵ. Governance Structure
At MyToken, we highly recognize the value of decentralization. We believe this new
structure of organization will provide a transparent, sharing and collaborating environment in
which participants are incentivized and rewarded/punished on a reasonable ground.
Tokenpia Limited as MyToken’s asset management is responsible for the issuance and
management of MT. Therefore, MyToken establishes the Tokenpia Foundation (“the
Foundation”) in Singapore. The Foundation is a non-profit entity designed to facilitate the
sustainable development and transparent management of the MyToken project. The
Foundation is responsible for managing funding and providing support to the development
and operation team of MyToken. The “profit” earned by the Foundation will be retained for
the organization and implementation of other activities. Members of the Foundation will
never partake any distribution of profits.The Foundation is set up with the approval of the
Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA) and under supervision of the
Company Law of Singapore. The Foundation is running independently from the government.
In order to ensure the funding is distributed in an open, fair and transparent way and to
broaden user base of MyToken, and to attract more institutions, developers and players into
MyToken ecosystem, and to maximize the development of MyToken, the Foundation has set
up a three-tier organizational structure are displayed as below:

Decision Committee

Executive

Technical
Committee

Marketing& PR
Committee

Finance and Human
Resources Committee

Figure 4 MyToken Foundation Structure Chart

!18

• Decision Committee
The Decision Committee is the supreme decision-making body of the Foundation and
assumes the final decision. The committee is responsible for making strategic and annual
plans, managing budget and voting on major issues in MyToken ecosystem on behalf of the
Foundation.
• Executive:
The Executive is elected by the Decision Committee to manage and report day-to-day
operation of the Foundation, coordinate between sub-committees, and host the Decision
Committee meetings.
• Technical Committee
The Technical Committee is responsible for overall R&D of Foundation, the design and
development of underlying technology and its related intellectual property. In addition, the
Technical Committee will be responsible for communicating actively with community
members and players in the ecosystem and hosting tech development conferences.
• Marketing and Public Relation Committee
The Marketing and Public Relation Committee is responsible for the community building and
public relation management. The committee is aiming at brining more collaborators into the
MyToken ecosystem through marketing activities and business development.
• Finance and Human Resource Committee
The Finance and Human Resource Committee is responsible for the use and audit of financial
operations of the Foundation and also employment and welfare management.

Ⅶ. Risks and Disclaimer
7.1 Disclaimer
This document serves only the purpose of conveying information. The contents of this
document are for reference only, as an description of MyToken’s business and development
plan, and do not intend to create any suggestions or invitations to solicit interest in or
purchase stock or securities .
The contents of this document shall not be interpreted as forced participation in an ICO. Any
behavior associated with this white paper, including any requests for obtaining a copy of this

!19

white paper or sharing this white paper with others, will not be deemed as participation in an
ICO.
All supporters of the MyToken project and the Foundation shall read this white paper and the
official website carefully, understand the blockchain technology and the risks in the MyToken
project. Any participants should have reached the age required by law, have full mental
capacity to make the decision and understand that purchase of the MyToken token is
essentially a donation to the Foundation which cannot be refunded, cancelled or
compensated.
MyToken team will continue to guarantee authenticity and accuracy of the information in this
white paper. The updates include, but are not limited to, ecosystem mechanisms, tokens and
their mechanisms and distribution of tokens. Some content may be adjusted accordingly in
the new white paper. The team will post the updated white paper on the official website. The
participant must get the latest white paper and adjust their expectations accordingly.
MyToken or the Foundation will not assume any losses due to: i) the participant relying on
the contents of older versions of the white paper; ii)information inaccuracy in the white
paper; or iii) any behaviors caused by the white paper.
As the official token of MyToken, MT is an important tool for the MyToken ecosystem to
perform efficiently. However, MT is not a security, and owning MT does not mean that its
owner has been afforded with the proprietary right, controlling right, and/or policy-making
right regarding the MyToken platform. As an encrypted token used in MyToken, MT does not
belong to any of the following categories: (a) currency of any type; (b) securities; (c) stock
rights of a legal entity; (d) stocks, bonds, bills, warrants, certificates, investment contract, or
other instruments affording similar rights. MyToken does not offer any buy-back channels for
MT. Participants have the right to use MT at their own will.
This white paper is originally issued in English and translated to multiple languages. In case
of any discrepancy or inconsistency the English version shall prevail.

7.2 Risk
1. At present, governments of major countries in the world have not formulated explicit
policies about blockchain projects funded by cryptocurrencies, so participants may suffer
from losses caused by future policies.
2. Other major systematic risks include, but not limited to, losses caused by natural
disasters, large-scale breakdowns of global computer networks, and political unrest.
3. Cryptocurrency transactions have extremely high uncertainty. Due to lack of forceful
supervision in digital asset transactions, crypto assets are subject to high volatility.
4. In the near future, supervisory regulations might be formed and the crypto assets from
certain projects may be affected. The impacts include, but are not limited to, price and
stability fluctuations and restraints.
!20

5. The blockchain industry is a highly competitive field in which MyToken had proved
success but cannot guarantee success in the future.
6. The MyToken founding team will try our best to realize the goal set forth in the white
paper and explore more sustainable growth space of the project. However, unpredictable
internal and external factors may affect the route we have proposed, we retain the right to
revise and adjust the white paper. We will publish the updated version on the official
website and all participants must obtain the latest version and adjust their expectations
accordingly.
7. MyToken will be built with the blockchain technology and cryptographic algorithm.
Blockchain technology is at its early stage and cryptology is still under rapid
development. The MyToken team cannot fully guarantee technological fulfillment of the
project. The MyToken technology infrastructure is also subject to the risk of hacking and
code vulnerability, both of which will lead to losses.
8. As the blockchain technology and the industry are under rapid development, MyToken
and the Foundation are subject to some risks that cannot be predicted at this moment.
Participants should fully understand the potential scale of loss and make decisions
accordingly.

!21

