NEOX
A NEW ERA OF NEO
March 2019

What is NEOX?
NEOX is an asset running on the Stellar network. NEOX delivers lightning fast transactions at
near 0 fees.

Why Stellar?
The Stellar network is a worldwide collection of Stellar Cores, each maintained by different
people and organizations. The distributed nature of the network makes it reliable and safe.
Ultra-fast transaction speeds with an average transaction time of 2–4 seconds faster than NEO
(15-20 seconds), which means you won’t be seeing any outages of delays
Ultra-low transaction costs which are only a fraction of 1 cent, that means you will never have
to worry about high fees, even if the blockchain is congested.
All these Stellar Cores—the network of nodes—eventually agree on sets of transactions. Each
transaction on the network costs a small fee: 100 stroops (0.00001 XLM). This fee helps prevent
bad actors from spamming the network.

NeoX –Whitepaper V1.01

Page 1

There are no miners, transactions are verified using decentralized servers while NEO is not , so
again you do not need to worry about delays or high transaction costs since miners won’t be
competing with each other once the blockchain has too many transactions.
ICO’s are cheaper, faster and more cost effective to run — Since the Stellar network has very
low fees and fast transactions it will be more efficient for businesses to run ICO’s on their
network which will increase the demand and value of Stellar Lumens (XLM).

NEOX Solution
Secure payments
Stellar uses industry-standard public-key cryptography tools and techniques, which means the
code is well tested and well understood. All transactions on the network are public, which
means the movement of funds can always be audited. Each transaction is signed by whomever
sent it using the Ed25519 algorithm.

Fast transactions
While Block Time of NEO is 15-20 seconds, NEOX Powered by Stellar Lumens is 2-5
seconds,making it easy to use in everyday life.

Small Transaction Fee
NEOX is a Small Transaction Fee (0.00001 XLM) It means $0.01 Will pay for 300,000 transactions

Worldwide transactions
Moving money across borders quickly, reliably, and for fractions of a penny never has been too
easy. With NEOX now we can connect banks, making payments and trusting people all over the
world without worrying about double spending issues.

Stellar Implementations
Federation Server
The Stellar federation protocol allows you to convert a human-readable address like
amy*your_org.com to an account ID. It also includes information about what should be in a
transaction’s memo. When sending a payment, you contact a federation server first to
determine what Stellar account ID to pay. Luckily, the bridge server does this for you.

NeoX –Whitepaper V1.01

Page 2

The Stellar federation protocol maps Stellar addresses to more information about a given user.
It’s a way for Stellar client software to resolve email-like addresses such as
name*yourdomain.com into account IDs like:
GCCVPYFOHY7ZB7557JKENAX62LUAPLMGIWNZJAFV2MITK6T32V37KEJU. Stellar addresses
provide an easy way for users to share payment details by using a syntax that interoperates
across different domains and providers.

Stellar addresses

NeoX –Whitepaper V1.01

Page 3

Stellar addresses are divided into two parts separated by *, the username and the domain.
For example: jed*stellar.org:
jed is the username,
stellar.org is the domain.
The domain can be any valid RFC 1035 domain name. The username is limited to printable UTF8 with whitespace and the following characters excluded: <*,> Although of course the domain
administrator can place additional restrictions on usernames of its domain.
Note that the @ symbol is allowed in the username. This allows for using email addresses in the
username of an address. For example: maria@gmail.com*stellar.org.

Distributed Exchange
In addition to supporting the issuing and movement of assets, the Stellar network also acts as a
decentralized distributed exchange of any type of asset that people have added to the
network. Its ledger stores both balances held by user accounts and offers that user accounts
make to buy or sell assets.

Offers
An account can make offers to buy or sell assets using the Manage Offer operation. In order to
make an offer, the account must hold the asset it wants to sell. Similarly, the account must trust
the issuer of the asset it’s trying to buy.
When an account makes an offer, the offer is checked against the existing orderbook for that
asset pair. If the offer crosses an existing offer, it is filled at the price of the existing offer. Let’s
say that you make an offer to buy 10 XLM for 2 BTC. If an offer already exists to sell 10 XLM for
2 BTC, your offer will take that offer–you’ll be 2 BTC poorer but 10 XLM richer.
If the offer doesn’t cross an existing offer, the offer is saved in the orderbook until it is either
taken by another offer, taken by a payment, canceled by the account that created the offer, or
invalidated because the account making the offer no longer has the asset for sale.
Starting in protocol version 10, it is no longer possible for an offer to be invalidated because the
account owning the offer no longer has the asset for sale. Each offer contributes selling
liabilities for the selling asset and buying liabilities for the buying asset, which are aggregated in
the account (for lumens) or trustline (for other assets) owned by the account creating the offer.
Any operation that would cause an account to be unable to satisfy its liabilities, such as sending
NeoX –Whitepaper V1.01

Page 4

away too much balance, will fail. This guarantees that any offer in the orderbook can be
executed entirely.
Offers in Stellar behave like limit orders in traditional markets.
For offers placed at the same price, the older offer is filled before the newer one.

Orderbook
An orderbook is a record of outstanding orders on the Stellar network. This record sits between
any two assets–in this case, let’s say the assets are sheep and wheat. The orderbook records
every account wanting to buy sheep for wheat on one side and every account wanting to sell
sheep for wheat on the other side.
Some assets will have a very thin or nonexistent orderbook between them. That’s fine: as
discussed in greater detail below, paths of orders can facilitate exchange between two thinly
traded assets.

Passive offers
Passive offers allow markets to have zero spread. If you want to offer USD from anchor A for
USD from anchor B at a 1:1 price, you can create two passive offers so the two offers don’t fill
each other.
A passive offer is an offer that does not take a counteroffer of equal price. It will only fill if the
prices are not equal. For example, if the best offer to buy BTC for XLM has a price of
100XLM/BTC, and you make a passive offer to sell BTC at 100XLM/BTC, your passive offer does
not take that existing offer. If you instead make a passive offer to sell BTC at 99XLM/BTC it
would cross the existing offer and fill at 100XLM/BTC.

Cross-asset payments
Suppose you are holding sheep and want to buy something from a store that only accepts
wheat. You can create a payment in Stellar that will automatically convert your sheep into
wheat. It goes through the sheep/wheat orderbook and converts your sheep at the best
available rate.
You can also make more complicated paths of asset conversion. Imagine that the sheep/wheat
orderbook has a very large spread or is nonexistent. In this case, you might get a better rate if
you first trade your sheep for brick and then sell that brick for wheat. So a potential path would
be 2 hops: sheep->brick->wheat. This path would take you through the sheep/brick orderbook
and then the brick/wheat orderbook.
NeoX –Whitepaper V1.01

Page 5

These paths of asset conversion can contain up to 6 hops, but the whole payment is atomic–it
will either succeed or fail. The payment sender will never be left holding an unwanted asset.
This process of finding the best path of a payment is called pathfinding. Pathfinding involves
looking at the current orderbooks and finding which series of conversions gives you the best
rate. It is handled outside of Stellar Core by something like Horizon.

Token Details
NEOX was launched in March 2019 Ledger: 22729365
Token name : NEOX
Code : NEOX
Issuer : GD3YZQFLOUNUBXMQJ3B5ZJHW5O2SQLVWHRTK3XI3GJG7G26KFGHCZCTE
Type of Platform : Stellar
Decimals : 7
Total Supply : 100M NEOX
Website : https://neox.network/
NEOX Explorer : https://stellar.expert/explorer/public/asset/NEOXGD3YZQFLOUNUBXMQJ3B5ZJHW5O2SQLVWHRTK3XI3GJG7G26KFGHCZCTE

NeoX –Whitepaper V1.01

Page 6

Token Sale
Token sale will be available through Stellar Decentralized Exchange.
StellarPort :
https://stellarport.io/exchange/alphanum4/NEOX/GD3YZQFLOUNUBXMQJ3B5ZJHW5O2SQLV
WHRTK3XI3GJG7G26KFGHCZCTE/native/XLM/Stellar
StellarTerm : https://stellarterm.com/#exchange/NEOXGD3YZQFLOUNUBXMQJ3B5ZJHW5O2SQLVWHRTK3XI3GJG7G26KFGHCZCTE/XLM-native
Lobstr :
https://lobstr.co/trade/NEOX:GD3YZQFLOUNUBXMQJ3B5ZJHW5O2SQLVWHRTK3XI3GJG7G26K
FGHCZCTE
Interstellar :
https://interstellar.exchange/#/trade/guest/NEOX/GD3YZQFLOUNUBXMQJ3B5ZJHW5O2SQLV
WHRTK3XI3GJG7G26KFGHCZCTE/XLM/native

NeoX –Whitepaper V1.01

Page 7

Resources
Website : https://neox.network/
Twitter : https://twitter.com/neox_network
Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/Neox.network
Telegram : https://t.me/neoxnews
Medium : https://medium.com/@neoxnews

NeoX –Whitepaper V1.01

Page 8

