NEVERDIE
ETHEREUM BLOCKCHAIN GAMING

ICO
Initial Coin Offering

An Inter-operable, Decentralized,
Trillion Dollar Virtual Economy.
<#>
1

PARTICIPATE

#gamechanger

IN THE DUAL
NEVERDIE COIN &
TELEPORT TOKEN

NEVERDIE
PHASE 1

INITIAL COIN OFFERING

NEVERDIE COIN &
TELEPORT TOKEN
C

O

N

T

E

N

T

S

Section 1 – THE NEVERDIE INITIAL COIN OFFERING (ICO)

03

Section 2 – INTRODUCTION, DECENTRALIZATION AND TRANSPARENCY

04

Section 3 – NEVERDIE DECENTRALIZATION SCHEMATIC/SMART CONTRACTS 05
Section 4 – THE SYSTEM - NEVERDIE COIN & TELEPORT FUNCTIONALITY

06

Section 5 – NEVERDIE VIRTUAL INFRASTRUCTURE SCHEMATIC

07

Section 6 – GLOBAL CHALLENGES/GAMIFIED JOBS VS BASIC INCOME

08

Section 7 – REVENUE SPLIT & GLOBAL ECONOMIC INCENTIVES

09

Section 8 – NEVERDIE DIVISION - THE UNITED STATES OF BLOCKCHAIN

10

Section 9 – TELEPORT DIVISION - DOUBLE COIN OFFER

11

Section 10 – API & PAYATAR WALLET DEVELOPMENT

12

Section 11 – THE NEVERDIE SDK/API SYSTEM SCHEMATIC

13

Section 12 – GAME MECHANICS & A BILLION JOBS IN VIRTUAL REALITY

16

Section 13 – THE VR GOVERNMENT & FUND USAGE BREAKDOWN

17

Section 14 – DEVELOPMENTS & ROADMAP

18

Section 15 – NEVERDIE PRESS COVERAGE

20

Section 16 – JOB CREATION WITH VR TELEPORTATION - INFOGRAPHIC

22

Section 17 – ICO RULES & INFORMATION

23

Section 18 – NEVERDIE COIN/TELEPORT TOKEN ICO BONUSES

24

Copyright ©2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in
good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organizations
and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks.

2

DO YOU HAVE A
QUESTION TO
CHALLENGE
JON JACOBS
ON HOW TO
MONETISE THE
NEVERDIE COIN?

#gamechanger

THE NEVERDIE
IINITIAL COIN
OFFERING (ICO)
VIRTUAL REALITY INFRASTRUCTURE
The Virtual Reality infrastructure we are all familiar with
includes graphic engines, physics engines, graphics cards, PC headsets,
server farms, etc. But what that really amounts to, is the technology to
create the illusion of Virtual Reality. This technology allows developers to
create environments that we can experience ﬁrst person.
To bring Virtual Reality to life, it must be populated with simulations that we can interact
with, this can best be described as game design. Well designed MMORPG’s bring Virtual
Reality to life and allow us to become deeply engaged in the illusion.
Most MMORPG’s feature well developed character development systems and economic
models to support the illusion of progression as one plays.
The economic models within MMORPGS’ often feature infrastructure that is either free to
use or requires in game currency or items to utilize. In a fantasy realm for example, magic
portals may provide the fastest route between two distant zones. Players may need to loot or
craft items to use the portals or otherwise trade with other players to get them. A magic portal
system, which is essential for connecting distant zones or plains inside a vast virtual world, could
be described as infrastructure without which it might be very difﬁcult to play at the pace we desire.

A good example of this type of infrastructure in the real world are the railroads, building railroads across
America for example was essential for the development of the nation and the economy and continues
on after over one hundred and eighty-ﬁve years to be the primary means of moving freight across the nation.
https://www.aar.org/BackgroundPapers/Economic%20Impact%20of%20US%20Freight%20Railroads.pdf
The majority of MMORPGS feature some type of infrastructure that is fundamental to the economy of the
game or at least to the ease of play. Because of the fragmented approach to online game
development, there is no infrastructure that bridges virtual worlds and games.
To move from one game to another you must exit the game into reality and the log into a new game.
To create an interoperable virtual goods economy that will fully utilize the breakthrough technology of the
Ethereum blockchain which provides infrastructure to support a new digital universe we must adopt
gamiﬁed infrastructure that will provide the foundation for interconnected game worlds.
A gamiﬁed layer on the Ethereum blockchain that will utilize universal tokens.

Copyright ©2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in
good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organizations
and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks.

3

“A Worldwide

INTRODUCTION

“How many coins will be in issue at point of launch
and how many in total overall?”

Nation of Gamers."
Jon NEVERDIE Jacobs

40 Million coins will be issued at launch and
400 million coins in total circulation.

Decentralization & Transparency
A ROCKTropia
Zombie Biker
Background to Vitual Reality gaming and Cyber Currency economies
The BBS (Bulletin Board system) was a precursor to the internet and one of the more popular applications was the MUD a
multi-user dungeon. Traditional MUDs implement a role-playing game set in a fantasy world populated by ﬁctional races and
monsters, with players choosing classes to gain speciﬁc skills or powers.
The objective of this sort of game is to slay monsters, explore a fantasy world, complete quests, go on adventures, accumulate
gold and useful items, and generally advance the player character. Virtual economies developed organically in MUDS as
users placed value on the time and skill required to acquire currency and items.
400 millions gamers worldwide
With the expansion of the internet and the rise of the MMORPG (Massive Multi-player Online Roleplaying Game) Virtual
Economies driven by hunter gatherer models immediately boomed and spilled out from inside the game worlds where the
play currency held a ﬁctional value to the internet and auction sites like eBay where users could assign ﬁat currency value to
the virtual items, labor and avatar skills required to collect them.
The global secondary market - deﬁned as real money trading between players - turnover was estimated to be 2 billion dollars
as of 2007. And has grown to tens of billions of dollars as the number of MMORPG gamers has grown globally to upwards of
400 million+ in 2017 based on reports by www.newzoo.com
Securely trading virtual goods for real currency has presented many technical challenges over the last two decades with
most transactions requiring trust or middle men to ensure fair exchange. These obstacles have tempered the growth of
virtual goods economies and the closed economies of the MMORPG’s or Virtual Worlds themselves have placed major
limitations on the potential demand for individual items.
Cryptocurrencies have always been central to the virtual economies, but have always been centralized and have suffered
from the need for trust or middlemen when exchanges are conducted outside of the games themselves.
The Virtual Goods market
The development of bitcoin and the blockchains has now provided a solution to the challenge of securely trading virtual
currencies peer to peer and now with Ethereum comes the ability to tokenize virtual goods alongside virtual currencies,
which will ﬁnally set the *900 million USD virtual goods black market free and lead to trustable, de-centralized virtual goods
economies of unprecedented proportions.
Challenges – Inter-operable or Bust!
The Biggest hurdle to facilitating the expansion of virtual goods economies to their full potential on the blockchain is
fragmented game design.
Fragmentation will lead to the creation of tokenized items that will only have value in the games they are designed for,
which will limit the potential market for the labor required to loot or manufacture the items. This would be like making a
car or a watch that only works in France and is simply useless in Germany.
We take it for granted in the real world that an apple is an apple regardless of which country in the world you are in and that
it will provide nutritional value wherever you eat it. To achieve this same consensus in Virtual and Digital Worlds which will
provide the foundation for a truly global virtual goods economy we must ﬁnd common ground between game developers
and users to build upon while at the same time avoiding unnecessary restriction.
*Researchgate. 2006.
4

SMART CONTRACTS

“Virtual Worlds have evolved to become very sophisticated

as users have attached significant emotional
and financial value to their Avatars.”

Decentralization and Tranparency – Organic Demand for fair play
Social structure and politics inside MMORPGS and Virtual Worlds has evolved to become very sophisticated as users have attached signiﬁcant emotional and ﬁnancial value to their Avatars, virtual goods and even their home worlds. As a result, there
is increased demand for transparency in game design and balancing, also a decentralization of loot pools and the need for
democratic management of assets and development. These needs can now be addressed with smart contracts on the
Ethereum blockchain.

Example Schematic: Smart Monster Contract

This is one example of a multitude of open source smart contracts that will beb created to facilitate turn-key translation of in
game actions to the blockchain.
Features:
• Open source
• Fully integrated into NEVERDIE API & SDK
• Smart Contract templates provided for developers
• Completely transparent decentralized looting
• Skill based gameplay
• Inter-operable & cross platform compatible
• Auto conversion of gameplay actions into blockchain actions

Copyright ©2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in
good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organizations
and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks.

5

THE SYSTEM

“Providing the essential monetized infrastructure for
gaming on the Ethereum blockchain.”

Neverdie Coin & Teleport Functionality

The System – NEVERDIE Coin and Teleport token:
The system provides the economic infrastructure for sustainable new realities. Human beings are living in a time where
billions of dollars are being invested in tools to create immersive new realities including virtual reality, augmented reality,
cyberspace, blockchain etc. The great opportunity at hand is for developers to move away from consumer centric business
models to Peer to Peer business models where all participants can gain value for time, skills, and creativity.
To provide a foundation for Peer to Peer economies inside Virtual Worlds and gamiﬁed cyberspace, a consensus must be
reached by all parties with regard to monetizing certain core systems. If for example a user can wave a magic wand inside a
virtual world or game to make anything they wish appear, then there would be no need for them to trade with other users.
The fun of a game is to face challenges, to try, to fail, to try again, to succeed, to progress, to discover, to unlock, to win, to ﬁnd
new challenges and to share the adventure with other players, etc.
To create games and worlds you ﬁrst create rules and the
rules deﬁne the structure of the game. We are now at a
point in time where society recognizes the need for
monetizing immersive gaming.
By starting with the core infrastructure that is incorporated into the rules of most game designs, we can unite
diverse worlds through token mechanisms that will be
utilized in the majority of the next generation of games
and also integrate seamlessly into existing games that
currently provide this infrastructure but don’t monetize it.

NEVERDIE COIN
Exchange Symbol: NDC
Total Supply: 400,000,000
Decimals: 18
ICO Price: $0.25 USD

TELEPORT TOKEN
Exchange Symbol: TPT
Total Supply: 10,000,000,000
Decimals: 18
ICO Price: $0.10 USD

NEVERDIE coin and Teleport functionality – Buying extra Lives and instant re-location.
The purpose of the NEVERDIE Coin and Teleport Token is to turn the mechanics of buying a new life in a game or traveling
within a game or between games into a utility that requires universal tokens. With a limit to the number of tokens in circulation, these utility tokens gain an intrinsic value as the demand to utilize them grows.
The tokens will be consumed each time they are used within a game and divided through smart contract design and API
into fragments to be re-looted, mined, or collected and re-crafted with player skill so that they can be traded between
players and used again.
This will create a turnkey starting point for all game economies, as players will need to harvest and trade between each other
in raw virtual materials to pay for their new lives or to hop between games. As each token is consumed through the utility, a
fragment of the token will also be assigned to the game developer as operating income and into other funds. A percentage
of each token consumed will be burned which will also incrementally increase the intrinsic value of the tokens as the
number in circulation decreases.
The mechanics described have been applied tens of thousands of times over in many different Virtual Worlds and games,
but never as inter-operable tokens that can be traded peer to peer on the blockchain and where the formulas for resource
gathering and crafting will drive a real cash transparent economy coded with provably fair smart contracts.

#gamechanger

Copyright ©2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in
good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organizations
and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks.

6

VIRTUAL INFRASTRUCTURE
“We’ve created an inter-operable
p2p virtual goods economy.”

NEVERDIE Virtual Infrastructure Schematic
Virtual Infrastructure – Virtual Reality needs infrastucture as much as reality does...
At the very foundation of digital worlds are certain game mechanics which can be found in almost every world and
dimension. These include the mechanism of dying (reviving or starting over) and of movement or transportation.
By choosing to monetize these mechanics in a format that is inclusive of the user and considerate of the user’s time
and skills it is possible to create an inter-operable p2p virtual goods economy that could span the most amount of
games without placing restriction on any other part of the game design.
The value of reaching this consensus at the very beginning of development of gaming on the blockchain is that it
will support massive adoption of new games as players will be able to instantly tap into an exponential economy
and get more value for their time spent playing than ever before, with the ability to trade the value of their skills
across the widest variety of games. This will also result in greater avatar longevity and a core turnkey monetization
system for all games that adopt the system.
Below we illustrate the monetization of extra lives in a projected $1 trillion dollar virtual goods market in 2022.

1982

2022

$11.8 BILLION

$1 TRILLION

VIDEO GAMES INDUSTRY

IN VIRTUAL GOODS

TOKEN HOLDER YIELD
PLAYER LOOT POOL
GAME DEV GRANTS
DEVELOPER ROYALTY
(see token revenue splits for details)

MILLIONS OF PLAYERS

1 BILLION PLAYERS

PLAYERS GOT $0.00

$15 BILLION IN
GAMIFIED WAGES

$8 BILLION

IN QUARTERS PAID TO ARCADES

$100 BILLION

IN NDC PAID FOR LIVES

Copyright ©2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in
good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organizations
and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks.

7

GLOBAL CHALLENGES

“Providing the essential monetized infrastructure
for gaming on the Ethereum blockchain.”

Gamified Jobs Vs. Basic Income

The greatest business models today are the ones that empower the people
It is essential today to disrupt existing outdated business models to address global challenges. Video games are a
massive multibillion dollar industry where player skills are largely unrewarded except for e-sports tournaments. As
society searches to create new jobs to replace those lost to AI and robotics it is logical to create jobs that utilize the
enormous range of video game skills that humans have been developing since childhood as this will lead to an
engaged and excited society, while also providing a global marketplace filled with opportunity with a very low
barrier to entry for anyone anywhere in the world of any creed color or economic background.
Who will be able to afford to buy games if no one makes any money?
Bill Gates, Elon Musk, Stephen Hawking and Mark Zuckerberg are all now championing the idea of basic income,
which to some people may have been unthinkable even a decade ago. But basic income is certainly looming on the
horizon globally, many governments are experimenting with it in anticipation of major redundancies in the workforce. But basic income will provide only basic necessities, creating a great demand for gamified jobs that will guarantee that economic opportunity is always only a keystroke away.
Inside the ROCKtropia Virtual world, NEVERDIE has already implemented scalable part time minimum wage Virtual
Reality Jobs, that allow anyone with a PC to earn appx 50 cents an hour playing. 50 cents an hour is higher than the
minimum wage in numerous countries around the world. The minimum wage in Cuba for example is 0.05 cents per
hour* and already some Cubans are seeking better paying jobs in virtual reality and are participating in the
NEVERDIE programs. In Romania minimum wage is $2 per hour and gamified jobs and esports help supplement
incomes and prove to be very attractive as a means to find opportunity.
*https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_minimum_wages_by_country

*Wage difference when working inside ROCKtropia as of 2017

Cuba

All listed countries have
citizens with the means
and technical capabiliy to
connect to ROCKtropia
and work in VR.

South Africa

India

Mexico

Kenya

Russia

Ukraine

8

GLOBAL ECONOMIC INCENTIVES

“Monetized Virtual World infrastructure will drive
rapid adoption of the Ethereum blockchain through
the creation of gamified jobs.”

Economic Incentives – If people can’t afford to buy games, then pay them to play and build an economy!
Monetized Virtual World infrastructure will drive rapid adoption of the Ethereum blockchain through the creation of
gamiﬁed Jobs.

TOKEN REVENUE SPLIT
EXAMPLE NDC/TPT REVENUE FROM TOKEN CONSUMPTION
DEVELOPER ROYALTY
REPLENISH LOOT POOL

GAME DEV GRANT FUND
REPLENISH VR JOBS POOL
VR GOV OPPERATIONS
NEVERDIE DEVELOPMENT
BLOCKCHAIN COSTS/MISC
ALL % ESTIMATES ARE SUBJECT TO ADJUSTMENT
Currently the world is experiencing exponential advances in AI and robotics which will increasingly undermine the
labor market. In addition, energy resources are on an exponential curve that will decrease the cost of living. However,
for human wellness it is essential for an individual to be a productive member of society and to develop skills, talents
and compete.
Since the beginning of time, playing games has provided humans with the ability to train for the real world and to
push past personal limits. Particularly In the last century, entire industries have developed around ball games and
other sports. As humans are needed less and less to work in mundane jobs to support industry, sports and games will
provide the environment for people to continue to develop and grow and ﬁnd economic opportunity.
The last forty years has seen a massive transition from physical games to electronic games and as a result the world
now has a massive highly skilled gaming workforce that can drive a global gaming-trading economy, leaving AI and
robots to manage all physical and repetitive labor needed to provide, food, shelter, and other necessities.
Through gamiﬁed jobs, new players will be encouraged to play games concurrently with the game developers
development cycles, with both the developer and gamer treated with equal consideration of time labor and
expenses.
This approach will rapidly accelerate adoption of the Ethereum blockchain platform by gamers, which in turn will
attract meaningful capital to be made available to developers to access through decentralized crowd funding
mechanisms, these funds will quickly attract game developers who are already ﬁnding existing platforms or
monetization systems to be tapped out or over saturated.
The market capitalizations that have recently been achieved for new tokens that are supported by the growing
ethereum community will provide enormous incentive to create games and play games on the ethereum
blockchain, especially when players can earn the tokens through both gamiﬁed jobs and gamiﬁed mining.
The importance of monetizing core gamiﬁed infrastructure should not be overlooked as it will provide incentive to
game developers to create interoperable assets and game design that will allow avatar skills to also be in many case
interoperable.

Copyright ©2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in
good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organizations
and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks.

9

NEVERDIE DIVISION

“A Global Nation of Gamers.”

The United States of Blockchain

The Next Super Power

“While Ether is the
currency and the utility
token of the Ethereum
blockchain, the TPT and
NDC will be become the
universal utility tokens for
gaming on the ethereum
blockchain.."

Pitfalls – Finding the bugs is part of the game now!
The Ethereum blockchain is in its infancy and therefore, there are many technical hurdles to overcome and learning
curves to endure, considerable bootstrapping is a necessity for early adopters. Engaging the communities through
development cycles and decentralized governance is essential to fostering an inclusive relationship with all token
holders while the core technology matures. Maintaining healthy token reserves is essential to success.
Off Chain Fragments – The United States of Blockchain
Inside the virtual worlds and games, other tokens or non-blockchain based items will be exchangeable for the
NEVERDIE coin (NDC) or Teleport token (TPT) Fragments. An example of this is in our real cash virtual world
ROCKtropia where an Old Bus token which can be found by a miner inside a Zombie Wasteland, an Old Subway
token that can be found in a Hellish Cyber Mining Zone and a Quantum chip which can be looted from AI bots.
These are hunted largely by new players (who are paid $10 per month as gamiﬁed wages) as all can be manufactured
by a crafter into a tpt fragment and then used for fast teleportation to popular hunting spots inside the game.
Double Coin Offering – Twice the fun!
Inside Virtual Worlds and games many different items are required to play and progress. By providing two
complementary central utilities independent of each other, a very robust economy will develop. Individual game
developers will also be able to introduce additional tokens which will add to the global Virtual Goods economy
with some becoming as widely used as the NDC and TPT.
Total Coins issued...
NEVERDIE Coin 400,000,000 - Launch Price 25 cents
Launch Market Cap $100,000,000
Teleport token 10,000,000,000 - Launch Price 10 cents
Launch Market Cap $1,000,000,000
10% NEVERDIE Coin & 30% of the total Teleport Tokens offered through the ICO.
NEVERDIE Coin raise - $10,000,000 (capped at) Target $10M
Teleport Token raise - Up to $300,000,000 (capped at) Target $50M

NEVERDIE DIVISION
10% Sold in ICO NEVERDIE coin
10% NEVERDIE Coin Loot Pool Launch Value $10,000,000
10% NEVERDIE Coin Game Development Fund Launch Value $10,000,000
10% NEVERDIE Coin Gamified Jobs Fund Launch Value $10,000,000
5 % VR Government $5,000,000
55 % Reserves & Operations $55,000,000.

Copyright ©2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in
good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organizations
and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks.

10

TELEPORT DIVISION

“Inside Virtual Worlds and games many different
items are required to play and progress.”

Twice the Fun!

TWICE THE FUN!

DOUBLE COIN OFFERING
ON 30th JUNE at

GAMELAB 2017
in Barcelona.

TELEPORT DIVISION
30% Sold in ICO TPT coin
10% Teleport Token Loot Pool Launch Value $100,000,000
Ten percent of the total number of TPT in circulation will be reserved for pools connected to smart contracts, enabling the tokens to be harvested through skilled gameplay. The pools will be replenished as the tokens are consumed through utility.
10% Teleport Token Game Development Fund Launch Value $100,000,000
Ten percent will be reserved for game development and acquisition funds managed
by smart contracts, which will be subject to a democratic voting system involving all
token holders. This pool will be replenished as tokens are consumed by utility.
10% Teleport Token Gamified Jobs Fund Value $100,000,000
Ten percent will be reserved to pay wages for gamiﬁed jobs and governance. This pool
will be replenished as tokens are consumed by utility.
5 % The VR Government Endowment Fund $50,000,000
Includes Singularity Fund, Humanity Fund, Education Fund, AI Fund & The Arts Fund.
35% System development, future operations and additional core financing needs
$350,000,000
35% will be reserved for operations and additional core ﬁnancing needs. This pool
will be replenished as tokens are consumed by utility. to cover the cost of future
technology development and operations.

11

API & WALLET DEVELOPMENT

“The greatest business models today are the ones
that empower the people.”

Inter-operable and decentralized

Billion Dollar Gamiﬁed Job Fund
After the ICO as NDC and TPT start trading on the exchanges an increased market price will signiﬁcantly
impact the scale of game development and the number of gamiﬁed jobs that can be created.
API and Wallet Development
In tandem with developing the NEVERDIE Coin and Teleport API, continued PAYATAR Wallet development will occur to
manage tokens that represent fungible interoperable items and create a database for all skills rewarded in all applications,
DApps or games that utilize the NDC and TPT.
The wallet will be re-designed from the ground up including feedback generated from the release of the alpha release.
The wallet will be used for instant sign in across multiple platforms or web based DApps and to provide a dashboard for
games that exist on the blockchain that can be accessed from inside the wallet.
The NEVERDIE Wallet currently in alpha provides a ﬁrst insight into the Blockchain perspective on gaming and the
full PAYATAR Wallet.

BOOTSTRAPPING
Given that we are at the very beginning of the Ethereum blockchain and that many technical challenges still lie
ahead. There will be a degree of bootstrapping as we bring the vision to realization.

Copyright ©2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in
good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organisations
and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks.

12

THE NEVERDIE SDK/API

“Communication between the SDK, API, RAP & NDC
Hubs link all platforms allowing transaction to
pass between these platforms and any
games/DApps built on them.”

The Neverdie SDK/API System Schematic

13

VIRTUAL REALITY AND GLOBAL
GAMES INDUSTRY INSIGHTS
“A transparant, inter-operable system
built for a fast growing market
that desperately needs it.”

2017-2021 GLOBAL VR INDUSTRY
FORECAST TOWARD 2021

Boxed/Downloaded PC
Browser PC
Console

VR INDUSTRY

10X

Tablet

Smartphone

2016-2020 GLOBAL GAMES MARKET
FORECAST PER SEGMENT TOWARD 2020
TOTAL MARKET

+6.2%

CAGR 2016-2020

GROWTH 2017-2021

The number of companies working in VR rose by 40% during 2016.
Legacy game publishers like Capcom and Ubisoft have released full-ﬂedged VR titles to gain an early foothold in
the market.
Meanwhile, the number of VR advertising and analytics companies has grown as content producers expand beyond direct
monetization (i.e. selling content upfront).
This bodes well for the next crucial years in VR's development and demonstrates the critical need for a de-centralized ﬁnancial VR infrastructure to underpin these new experiences
.
Companies working in VR in 2016

14

VIRTUAL WORLD GAMING

“In which virtual worlds can you deploy your
NEVERDIE coins and Teleport Tokens?”

Start using your NEVERDIE coins
RIGHT NOW. PROUDLY SUPPORTING
METAMASK, PARITY & THE MIST BROWSER

Ethereum Blockchain Gaming
Initial Virtual World games supported by Neverdie Coin and Teleport Tokens
AmeVRica

AsgardVR

Planet ROCKtropia

Token holder crowdfunded games and virtual worlds

DK -

...API/S

ncial
al Fina

u

t
ey’ Vir
‘Turnk

r Voted
s - Playe

orld
rtual W vote on allocation of)

i
...New V

d
holders
ent fun
(Token
velopm
e
d
e
m
$15b ga

e

ructur

Infrast

s
...DApp

ATAR
.. .PAY

Copyright ©2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in
good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organisations
and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks.

15

INSIDE OUT GAME MECHANICS &
SMART CONTRACT DEVELOPMENT
“With the Game Mechanics outside the body of the World,
players can engage with full confidence in their chosen
activities and invest with confidence.”

Smart Contract Development – An open source modular modular MMORPG System
The core game systems across MMORPG’s are very similar, they involve Avatar skill tree progression based on skills
earned through repeated use of various tools speciﬁc to chosen professions and missions, hunting, gathering mining
for resources or treasures and item crafting and trading. Increased skills typically equate to a player’s ability to utilize
more powerful tools in search of rarer resources or treasures.
Currently in MMORPGS the balancing of all these system is hidden and subject to great speculation by the user base,
the element of mystery provides much engagement and entertainment, but given the intrinsic value of time and
skill that users must invest in acquiring items, the mystery is very often viewed with suspicion and has created an
organic demand for transparency of all gameplay mechanics to ensure fairness.
All the above gameplay mechanics account for a variety of factors to yield a result. Factors may include avatar skills
and attributes, equipment statistics, player skills combined with external factors depending on the speciﬁc gameplay
that is engaged in.
These familiar game mechanics will be coded into smart contracts, to enable a player to see exactly what odds are
being faced and to fully evaluate the chance involved of looting or harvesting favorably.
With the game mechanics outside the body of the world, players can engage with full conﬁdence in their chosen
activities and invest with conﬁdence.
Our smart contracts will be written to create an effectively open source modular MMORPG system supported by the
blockchain where through API/SDK it can be connected to a wide variety of game engines and platforms
World balancing is ever evolving and users of MMORPGS are very opinionated and concerned with the direction of
the development of worlds once they are heavily invested in their avatars. Developers typically consider player feedback, but ultimately act for the ﬁnancial concerns of the studio versus the value of the players time. This also can now
be ﬁnally addressed by allowing players to vote on content and system development with a business model that divides all royalties between the users and the developers ensuring that neither party is with less consideration than
the other.
Crowdfunding, decentralized governance and transparent smart contracts provide the optimal foundation for a fair
virtual goods economy where consensus will deﬁne the value of skills, gameplay, and reward.
Minting
Many renewable tokenized resources can be utilized by the ethereum token minting system, which will be perfect
for item manufacturing, virtual farming, and agriculture.

Copyright ©2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in
good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organisations
and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks.

16

THE VR GOVERNMENT

“Expansion on fund usage and the
governance process.”

The BoardRoom

The VR Government – NEVERDIE Coin and Teleport token:
The VR Government - The VR gov will establish infrastructure to the support the constitution of Virtual Reality and to
represent the interests of the token holders in the real world political arena.
It recieves an endowment of Teleport Tokens and NDC as well as up to $5M Ether - In addition to the main government, 5
branches of the government will also recieve mixed token endowments. The branches to be established will be as follows The Singularity Fund - The goal of the Singularity Fund is to invest in development of future technology that will impact the
Global Virtual Goods economy and health and longevity of all token holders.
The AI Fund - The goal of the AI fund is develop AI that will support the economy and protect the economy and the security
of all token holders.
The Humanities Fund - The goal of this fund is to ensure that all token holders can vote at any time to provide aid to anyone
in the real world and support humanitarian causes.
The LIFE Fund - The goal of this fund is to enable all token holders to vote on issues relating to the preservation of all life in
the known universe and to provide basic support to token holders in the event of future digital life extension or mind upload.
The Arts Fund - The goal of this fund is to support the arts in Virtual Reality and invest in culture.

ESTIMATED USE OF FUNDS RAISED NDC

Development Costs

Target Raise: $10,000,000
Capped at: $10,000,000

Target Raise: $50,000,000
Capped at: $300,000,000

Operating and Reserves

ESTIMATED USE OF FUNDS RAISED TPT

Loot Pools
Game Dev Fund

VR Jobs

VR Gov

Mergers & Acquisitions

Development Costs
Operating & Reserves

Copyright ©2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in
good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organisations
and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks.

17

DEVELOPMENTS
AND ROADMAP
“The future of gaming and VR is
huge, in fact, the global VR market
is set to multiply 10X within 4 years.”

NEW GAME DEVELOPMENT VS EXISTING GAME PARTNERSHIPS
A variety of very popular games exist with passionate communities. But some of the business
models for these games are outdated. Our API/SDK will make it possible for pre-existing game
economies to be engineered to work with the NDC and TPT which will instantly tie an enormous
amount of existing game content and large player bases to the Ethereum blockchain.

Road Map

Game developers
funded by treasury!

AmeVRica & AsgardVR
Dev begins

NEVERDIE Coin game
engine API

Payatar Wallet
and API

Partnerships and
Acquisitions

ICO Completion

Game Crowdfunding
and governance
smart contracts

Smart contract
development for new
Blockchain games

Teleport token game
engine API

AmeVRica & AsgardVR
design Phase

Addition of Tokens to
popular token exchanges

Token Launch

FUNDING CYCLE
In the event the that NEVERDIE Coin and Teleport Token
funding is fully funded before the ICO launch date, then the
offering will be closed and tokens will be added to popular
exchanges as soon as all ICO coins are distributed.
ADDITIONAL CHALLENGES
Micro-transactions and scalability – numerous solutions
are in development across the ethereum community
to these fundamental issues.
All NDC and TPT API development will follow an
exponential curve, so that our technology is
designed to constantly evolve in this
rapidly changing environment.
DISCLAIMER
18

NEVERDIE Coins and Teleport Tokens do not represent
ownership in any real-world companies.
These tokens are designed to activate virtual utilities.

A BILLION JOBS IN VR

“Watch how together we can create a new
digital frontier for employment.”

Meet

NEVERDIE

Jon ‘NEVERDIE’ Jacobs
Inside the Entropia Universe Jon created the iconic avatar NEVERDIE and he became the ﬁrst gamer to make a
million dollars inside a Virtual World. Jon’s Club NEVERDIE made the 2008 Guinness Book of World Records
as the most valuable virtual property.

NEVERDIE Studios
Jon founded NEVERDIE Studios and has worked with Michael Jackson, Lemmy and Universal Studios as well
as bringing ROCKtropia, KING KONG, and The THING to virtual reality.
NEVERDIE Studios developed and operates the ROCKtropia Virtual World, the ﬁrst and only MMORPG to fully
disrupt all existing gaming business models by providing real gamiﬁed jobs that pay any user $10 per
month to play.

President of Virtual Reality
In 2016 Jon was elected the ﬁrst President of Virtual Reality with a mission
to create one billion jobs in VR.

NEVERDIE Coin and Teleporter Token
In 2017 Jon launched the PAYATAR Wallet - the infrastructure to support
the NEVERDIE Coin and the Teleporter Token on the Ethereum
blockchain to facilitate virtual world democracy and ﬁnance the
development of cross platform blockchain games and DApps including
ROCKtropia and the upcoming AmeVRica, to drive the growth of a
decentralized trillion dollar virtual goods economy.
19

COVERAGE
“See what the press are saying all over the world about
Cyber Currencies with Artificial Reality Gaming.”

NEVERDIE IN THE PRESS

Currently we are engaging the public to be pro-active in the battle to prevent AI and
robotics from making humans redundant, we are doing this through the creation of
gamiﬁed minimum wage VR jobs that employs gamers to hunt AI to prevent bots from farming in virtual economies. I think we can afford to let AI and robots do our labor in reality but I
don’t think we want them playing our games for us.” – Jon NeverDie Jacobs via interview with
Coinshedule Blog
“NEVERDIE - Names you need to Know in 2011.”
Forbes Magazine
“NEVERDIE, a legendary adventurer, celebrity, and fabulously wealthy entrepreneur in the
online world.”
Reuters
“The Worlds First Cyber Superstar”
Los Angeles Times
“NEVERDIE to Rock Pop Culture!”
BBC News
“Political innovation can better thrive in open, ﬂuid environments like AmeVRica that nurture
experimentation and collaboration. In any case, the AmeVRica project should yield key insights
into VR’s usefulness as a tool for political and economic change.” – Innovation and Tech today
"Some people are willing to pay real money for certain items, because they do not have the
time to produce a good, just as you can make your own clothes in real life, but you do not have
the time, skill or Interest in producing it yourself.” – Jon Jacobs via El Observador (Spanish)
“First, we need to build an innovative world economy to generate new drivers of growth.
Innovation holds the key to fundamentally unleashing the growth potential. The new round of
scientiﬁc and industrial revolution with Internet at its core is gathering momentum, and new
technologies such as artiﬁcial intelligence and virtual reality are developing by leaps and
bounds,” he said. “The combination of the virtual economy and the real economy will bring
revolutionary changes to our way of work and way of life.” –
President of China via https://uploadvr.com/chinese-president-vr-b20/
Copyright ©2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in
good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organisations
and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks.

20

NEVERDIE STUDIOS

“Licensed and original gaming artwork creation with
authenticity and realsism.”

Proven ‘Real Cash Economies’
and Gamified VR Jobs

Copyright ©2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in
good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organisations
and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks.

21

Section 1

NEVERDIE
ETHEREUM BLOCKCHAIN GAMING

Get access to your PAYATAR Wallet now
Our early access alpha is open and available to provide an initial look into gaming from a blockchain perspective and the full
PAYATAR Wallet.
www.neverdie.com
Copyright ©2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and the Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided
in good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organisations and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of
security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks.

22

ICO RULES

“Transparency on every layer”

The NEVERDIE Proposition

ICO RULES
- In an effort to combat network load all purchases will be processed 24hrs
after purchase. During each 24 hr period the exchange rate from ether to
NDC will be executed at the Ether high for the day against the USD to avoid
network load at Ether market peak times.
- VR Gold and Silver Bonuses will be processed at the same time.
- The ICO can be halted at any time if the total number of coins available
has been exceeded. All ETH received after completion of the ICO will be refunded ASAP.
- Maximum ICO time will be through July 31, after which the offering will be
closed.
- We will announce which token exchanges will carry NDC and TPT at the
earliest opportunity.
Disclaimer: NEVERDIE Coins and Teleport Tokens do not represent ownership in any realworld companies. These tokens are designed to activate virtual utilities.

Copyright ©2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and the Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided
in good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organisations and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of
security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks.

23

