No BS Crypto
Transparent, Unbiased & Crowdsourced Crypto Ratings & Reviews

1

This material has been prepared by NO BS Crypto, LLC (the “Company”). This
document is for information and illustrative purposes only and does not purport to show
actual results. It is not, and should not be regarded as, investment advice or as a
recommendation regarding any particular security or course of action. Opinions
expressed herein are current opinions as of the date appearing in this material only and
are subject to change without notice. Reasonable people may disagree about the
opinions expressed herein. If any of the assumptions used herein do not prove to be
correct, Company results are likely to vary substantially. There is no guarantee that the
Company will achieve the desired results under market conditions. No representation is
being made that the Company will or is likely to achieve profits, losses, or results similar
to those discussed, if any. No part of this document may be reproduced in any manner,
in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of the Company and it may not
be shared with or distributed to any other parties other than to employees or
professional advisors to authorized recipients of this document. This information is
provided with the understanding that, with respect to the material provided herein, you
will make your own independent decision with respect to any course of action in
connection herewith and as to whether such course of action is appropriate or proper
based on your own judgment, and that you are capable of understanding and assessing
the merits of a course of action. The Company does not purport to and does not, in any
fashion, provide tax, accounting, actuarial, recordkeeping, legal, advisory or any related
services. You may not rely on the statements contained herein. The Company shall not
have any liability for any damages of any kind whatsoever relating to this material.
Caution Concerning Forward Looking Statements: This document contains
"forward-looking statements. These statements can be identified by the fact that they do
not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements often include
words such as "anticipates," "estimates," "expects," "projects," "intends," "plans,"
"believes" and words and terms of similar substance in connection with discussions of
future operating or financial performance. The Company's forward-looking statements
are based on management's current expectations and assumptions regarding the
Company's business and performance, the economy and other future conditions and
forecasts of future events, circumstances and results. As with any projection or forecast,
forward-looking statements are inherently susceptible to uncertainty and changes in
circumstances. The Company's actual results may vary materially from those expressed
or implied in its forward-looking statements. ​Any forward-looking statement made by the
Company speaks only as of the date on which it is made, which is the date of this
document. The Company is under no obligation to, and expressly disclaims any
obligation to, update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, subsequent events or otherwise.​ By accepting this material, you
acknowledge, understand and accept the foregoing.​

2

​
Nothing in this White Paper shall be deemed to constitute a prospectus of any sort or a
solicitation for investment, nor does it in any way pertain to an offering or a solicitation of
an offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction. This document is not composed in
accordance with, and is not subject to, laws or regulations of any jurisdiction, which are
designed to protect investors. $NOBS Token is a utility token. This product is a digital
currency and has not been registered under the Securities Act, the securities laws of
any state of the United States, or the securities laws of any other country, including the
securities laws of any jurisdiction in which a potential token holder is a resident. $NOBS
Tokens cannot be used for any purposes other than those provided in the White Paper,
including but not limited to, any investment, speculative or other financial purposes.
$NOBS Token confers no other rights in any form, including but not limited to any
ownership, distribution (including but not limited to profit), redemption, liquidation, and
proprietary (including all forms of intellectual property), or other financial or legal rights,
other than those specifically described in the White Paper.
THIS IS NOT A SECURITIES OFFERING.
THERE IS NO OPPORTUNITY FOR INVESTMENT.
THERE IS NO EXPECTATION OF PROFITS.
NOTHING WITHIN THIS DOCUMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED AS AN OFFER
OF SECURITIES.
THE $NOBS TOKEN IS DESIGNED PURELY TO PROVIDE UTILITY WITHIN
THE NO BS CRYPTO SYSTEM.

3

Table of Contents
Table of Contents

4

Abstract

5

About No BS Crypto

5

About The No BS Crypto Token

6

Introduction

7

The Problem

8

The Solution

9

Step 1:

10

Step 2:

10

Step 3:

12

Step 4:

12

Step 5:

13

Step 6:

14

Step 7:

14

Categories

14

Revenue Model

15

The Utility

17

Token Metrics

19

The Team

19

Chris Koerner – Owner/Founder

19

John McAfee – Advisor

20

Justin Waite – Full Stack Developer

20

Matthew Waite – Software Developer

21

Kirk Salisbury – Digital Marketing and Community Manager

21

Anonymous - Statistical & Financial Modeling

21

The Future

22

Sources

22

4

Abstract
Transparent rating and review of any crypto-related project, as such term is defined
hereinafter, by a group of unbiased crypto enthusiasts without possibility of pay-to-play
manipulation or conflicts of interest.

About No BS Crypto
No BS Crypto is originally the brainchild of serial entrepreneur, Chris Koerner. When
Chris first got involved in the crypto community in 2016, he was astonished by the
amount of fraud, manipulation, scams, pump and dumps, and overall illegitimacy of
what he saw as the world’s next major asset class. He found it entirely disheartening,
and set out to fix the problem. After tiring of seeing the manipulation and exploitation of
new crypto entrants, he launched the No BS Crypto brand, to help provide trustworthy
and unbiased content to fellow crypto enthusiasts.

In the fall of 2017, Chris discovered an inefficiency in the crypto altcoin market. With the
help of a friend, they subsequently created an algorithmic trading strategy that, since
inception, has proven to beat the market by outpacing Bitcoin’s growth in the volatile
bull and bear markets that crypto has seen recently. This trading strategy has propelled
the No BS Crypto community from 300 to over 100,000 crypto enthusiasts in a matter of
5 months and has since taken on a life of its own. This strategy has become even more
accurate and simplified based on feedback received from users. This strategy has been
completely free for public use since inception, and has enabled thousands of crypto
investors to grow their crypto wealth in even the most uncertain of times.

Chris has since recruited trusted crypto enthusiasts (such as John McAfee) to help grow
the brand, launch the $NOBS token and add significant value to crypto as whole.

5

Without these trusted team members, No BS Crypto would still be an unknown and
irrelevant brand, despite the accuracy of the aforementioned trading strategy.

The strength of No BS Crypto is in the community members who share Chris and his
team’s vision, which is to facilitate crypto’s growth to become a multi-trillion dollar asset
class trusted by both retail and institutional money across the globe.

About The No BS Crypto Token
The No BS Crypto token ($NOBS) ​is a 100% airdropped token based on the Ethereum
network according to standard ERC20 specifications. There never was​, nor ever will
there ever be​, any token sale or ICO of any kind. The total supply is 10,000,000,000,
and the circulating supply is around 4,000,000,000. We are not aware of any tokens that
have ever been sold or traded in exchange for fiat money. There are around 80,000
different wallet addresses holding $NOBS, making it one of the most successful and
viral airdrop campaigns of all time, realized only through the contributions and efforts of
community members. The success of the $NOBS token is a testament to the strength
and engagement of the No BS Crypto communities spread across 5 different channels.

$NOBS is a utility token and is intended to be added to exchanges in the summer of
2018. It was distributed in two airdrop rounds and will continue to be distributed to active
and engaged community members. As of June 19​th​, 2018, airdrop distribution is not yet
completed, so exact numbers are yet unknown.

The purpose of this whitepaper is to outline the utility of this token as well as the
business model of the No BS Crypto as a whole. There are many ways that this token
can be distributed to crypto enthusiasts, but this white paper will specifically outline how
this token can be better spent, circulated and in some cases, burned.

6

Introduction
It is no secret that cryptocurrency has seen exponential growth over the last 2 years.
What happens during unprecedented asset growth of this magnitude is not without
precedent. New asset classes are extremely rare, but they are almost always
accompanied by fraud and manipulation, both on an individual as well as institutional
level. We are of the belief that crypto legitimization and widespread adoption needs
help, and that crypto is an asset class that needs to be taken more seriously.
Consider the inception of the stock market. After starting in the United States in 1790, it
quickly became plagued with fraud. From big bond investors in 1792 obtaining inside
information, to a former President of the United States, Ulysses S. Grant, losing
everything based on his son’s illegal insider trading activities, investors were often
promised riches by investing in trading vessels, set to sail off to parts unknown, only to
never be seen again. Many investors lost significant amounts, yet as the stock market
grew and matured into a respected asset class, trillions of dollars have poured in and
legitimacy has long since been achieved.
Time has not healed all wounds, however. Despite significant stock market regulation,
fraud is still prevalent and likely always will be. In May 2015, five of the largest banks in
the world—JPMorgan Chase, Citicorp, Barclays, The Royal Bank of Scotland, and
UBS—were fined $5.7 billion in a settlement over charges of ​market manipulation​.
There are many of these cases of fraud and manipulation across the world.​[1]
Without organizations and individuals, both public and private, stepping in in good faith
to help provide checks and balances to investing activities, the stock market may
otherwise still be relegated to back alley investing. Ratings services such as Moody’s
have helped grant the stock market legitimacy, yet are rife with conflicts of interest
accusations as well.

7

What we are seeing today in cryptocurrency is not unlike what we saw with the
inception of the stock market in late 18​th and early 19​th centuries. Where there is money,
there is fraud. This will never be entirely eliminated, but systems can be put in place to
help prevent and minimize such actions.

The Problem
With cryptocurrency being such a new and nascent market, there are few sources of
unbiased reviews for crypto-related projects. For every person offering legitimate and
honest value and assistance in crypto, there are ten others trying to exploit the innocent
out of their money. Most recently, currencies like Bitconnect​[2]​, CentraTech​[3] and
Pincoin​[4] - all suggested by well-known influencers, professional athletes and even top
3 exchanges - have stolen millions of dollars from investors. Clearly there is a void that
needs to be filled.

Popular and well-meaning ICO rating sites began as a place for ICO projects to be rated
by a community of experts, but this model quickly became problematic. When an ICO is
aiming to raise tens of millions of dollars, and a 4.5 rating on a site such as ICOBench
carries significant weight and legitimacy, the opportunity for corruption is high. Experts
are often publicly listed on the rating site for the world to see. Many of these experts
have reported being frequently inundated with offers of thousands of dollars in
exchange for a favorable review. Granted, experts are often required to agree to not
accept bribes in exchange for good reviews, but there is no way of tracking this or
preventing it from happening. Thus, the reliability of these reviews as truly unbiased is
significantly flawed. Despite the best and honorable efforts of such sites, the business of
crypto reviews is often a pay-to-play system, and these sites are only a small part of the
problem. YouTube and Twitter influencers have been caught on numerous occasions
accepting money in exchange for tweets or videos promoting certain crypto products.​[5]

8

For many crypto veterans, this has become an increasingly obvious and ignored problem. It’s
merely seen as a byproduct of this new asset class. However most crypto enthusiasts are not
veterans, but rather first got into crypto within the last 12 months. This is causing money to be
foolishly invested, lost, or stolen based on bad information from sources that are supposed to
be trusted. The news of such occurrences prevents new money from entering the market, and
stifles overall market growth and adoption.

There is a small handful of true experts and influencers that are part of the solution. These
people refuse to accept money for tweets or videos, and only promote projects that they
disclose they are officially and publicly advising. In some cases, they will disclose that they were
paid to promote a project they are not advising, which is a common and acceptable influencer
marketing practice.

The problem is that the efforts of a select few trustworthy crypto efforts are not scalable and
are not under the umbrella of an actual business model. In other words, their goodness and
valiance are dwarfed by the vast majority of bad actors in the space. No BS Crypto aims to be
the scalable trusted solution for this problem.

The Solution
No BS Crypto’s model will be centered around fixing the aforementioned issues and bringing
trustworthy and transparent reviews of crypto projects for new crypto entrants and existing
enthusiasts alike. This will be done using the strength and expertise of the No BS Crypto
community and their respective skills. The No BS Crypto community is between 120,000 and
150,000 people from 193 different countries and speaking almost every common language
interacting with one another across 4 different channels (Facebook, Twitter, Discord and
Telegram).

Community members will be tasked with performing extensive due diligence on certain crypto
projects, being compensated fairly for their efforts. Not every community member will be

9

required or expected to participate. Those who do choose to participate will undergo extensive
and comprehensive internal Know Your Customer (KYC) procedures to ensure the
trustworthiness of each and every rating and review. KYC procedures will be outsourced to a
trusted and vetted third-party KYC provider.

After successfully completing KYC, each reviewer will be categorized internally – never publicly
– based on their skill set. A few examples of reviewer categories will be as follows:
·

​Developers who can review source code of applications and smart contracts via GitHub.

·

​White paper analysts

·

​Those who research the legitimacy of team members and advisors

·

​Those who spend time in communities to evaluate engagement and hype

·

​Marketers

·

​Data analysts

·

​Data compilers

For simplicity’s sake, the entire process is outlined in the following 7 steps:

Step 1:
Crypto related projects approach No BS Crypto to be rated and reviewed by a team of vetted
and trusted, yet publicly anonymous reviewers. These reviews are sourced from the No BS
Crypto community members as mentioned in the prior paragraph.

The crypto project may be anything from a small, local Facebook group for crypto enthusiasts,
to an ICO raising $100M and everything in-between. Different crypto categories are outlined
elsewhere in this paper.

Step 2:

10

The project is put forth to the internal community, in an anonymized manner, to be bid on with
NOBS tokens. For instance:

ICO “X”
Raising $10M
Reviewer Earnings Potential: $50 - $150
Cost to bid on project: 7,600 $NOBS

In the above example, ICO “X” represents the anonymized crypto project that has paid to be
reviewed, in this case an ICO. The identity of the ICO in question is revealed after bidding has
ended.

“Raising $10M,” would of course be the amount of money the anonymized ICO is attempting to
raise. In non-ICO crypto projects, this would not be a category.

“Reviewer Earnings Potential” refers to the amount that a vetted No BS Crypto reviewer could
expect to make, payable in ETH, for working on the project.

“Cost to bid on the project” refers to the amount of $NOBS tokens required to work on this
specific project and earn that specific amount of money. Using $NOBS to bid on projects
ensures that reviewers are active crypto enthusiasts. The ratio of earnings potential from the
project will exceed the value of the $NOBS tokens if traded on an exchange to fairly
compensate the reviewer. For example, if the value on an exchange of the $NOBS tokens
required to bid on the project were 0.05 ETH, the earnings potential would be set above that
amount (e.g., 0.15-0.2 ETH) and thus the reviewer is compensated for their work well beyond
the value of the $NOBS tokens they bid to do the review. There will be more details on this in
step 3.

11

The project will be initially anonymized to help prevent manipulation by parties with potential
conflicts of interest. This will help to prevent “ICO ‘X’” team members from attempting to
become a No BS Crypto reviewer for the sole purpose of working on the project just to provide
a favorable rating or review. The ICO project will only know a window of time when their
project will be put forth to the community to be rated and reviewed, and they will be pulled
from a pool of other projects in the same category. Internal KYC procedures will help ensure
that there are no team members bidding on the project.

Step 3:
As alluded to in step 2 above, reviewers will have to spend $NOBS tokens to bid on the project.
These tokens will be subsequently burned to reduce supply. These tokens can originate from
three different sources:

1.

Purchased from an exchange

2.

Received in a previous airdrop

3.

Earned from participation in any of the No BS Crypto communities

Initially, the price that crypto projects pay to be reviewed will be lower as we optimize our
systems and process and learn which reviewers from the community are the best of the best.
As time goes on, our system becomes refined, and our ratings take on higher levels of
legitimacy, prices charged to crypto projects will be increased to better match the level of value
offered.

Step 4:
Once bidding is completed, and the team of reviewers is in place, reviewers will get to work on
their respective duties with a set deadline. The reviewers on each project will be blind to each
other to help prevent the possibility of collusion. There will also be multiple reviewers for each
assigned task. For example, the breakdown may be as follows:

12

● Whitepaper analysis: 6 reviewers
● Tokenomics analysis: 3 reviewers
● Github analysis: 7 reviewers
● Smart contract analysis: 4 reviewers
● Founders and advisory team research: 8 reviewers
● Final report assembling: 2 reviewers

The purpose of having multiple reviewers on each segment of the review is two-fold:

1.

More eyeballs = more accuracy. One once said “Many eyeballs make bugs shallow.” With

several people assigned to each task, there will be more data to pull from, thus enhancing the
depth, breadth and legitimacy of the rating.

2.

To help prevent collusion and manipulation. If only one reviewer is analyzing the white

paper, for example, the temptation might be strong for that person to reach out to the team
and ask for a bribe in exchange for a favorable review or analysis. If that person knows that
several other people will be reviewing the same white paper, and the identities of these people
are unknown, the temptation will be much less and the possibility for collusion is almost
entirely eliminated. If one does attempt manipulation or fraud, then these results will likely
stand out as outliers to be further looked into. If suspected conflicts of interest or manipulation
is discovered, involved persons will be permanently banned from the community. As we learn
from mistakes and weed out bad actors, the reviews will become more and more trustworthy,
thorough and legitimate.

Step 5:
Once all reviewers have finished their respective assignments, their findings are sent to a
reviewer in charge of data compilation and assembly into a clean and standardized report in
PDF format, with a final numeral grade given to each project. Different categories of crypto

13

projects are each graded by their own specific set of criteria with different weights given to
specific factors.

Reviewers are then paid based on their expected amount going into the project. Higher skill
sets will be compensated more generously than low skill sets. Reviewers will collectively earn
80% of the fee charged by No BS Crypto to the crypto project. 20% will be retained by No BS
Crypto for overhead. More details on payout are discussed in the “Revenue Model” section.

Step 6:
This rating and report will be posted on noBScrypto.com, within its respective category for the
world to see. The rating will be front and center, regardless of whether the project received a
good or a bad rating. This will help to weed out poor projects or outright scams, and will help
legitimate projects better stand out.

Step 7:
More details on this step are outlined in the sectioned entitled “Revenue Model.” In short, the
reviewed crypto project will now have the option to pay a monthly subscription to stay on the
site, or pay extra to be promoted.

Categories
In this white paper, the phrase “crypto project” is repeatedly used. Crypto project refers to any
project that fits into any of the below categories, with more to be added at a later date:
·

​Initial Coin Offerings

·

​Airdrops

·

​Exchanges

·

​Existing Altcoins

14

·

​Twitter Influencers

·

​YouTube Influencers

·

​Podcasts

·

​Conferences

·

​Live-streaming Traders

·

​Telegram Groups & Supergroups

·

​Telegram Channels

·

​Facebook Mastermind Groups

·

​Discord Groups

·

​Local Meetup Groups

·

​Research Reports

·

​Paid Groups

·

​Traders

·

​Experts

·

​Websites

·

​Apps

·

​Spreadsheets

·

​Trading Strategies

·

​Funds

·

​Facebook Pages

·

​Blogs

·

​Algorithms

Revenue Model
The No BS Crypto team operates with the belief that companies exist for two primary reasons:

1.

To offer value to the world in various ways, including charitable causes

15

2.

To generate a profit for stakeholders

Unfortunately, many ICOs and crypto-related companies are not concerned with either of the
above points. They are primarily focused on:

1.

Raising as much money as possible by selling a token

2.

Maintaining and growing the price of that token

In many instances, there is no real utility or attempt at offering value to the world. There is
often not even an effort to create a real business to generate a profit. The primary objective is
to raise and keep as much money as possible. And this is in the better scenarios. In worst-case
scenarios, ICO projects are outright scams or eventually become such when no follow-up
occurs, after tens of millions of dollars are raised, then the company “fails,” and everyone loses
but the founders.

It sounds crazy to proudly proclaim a statement that is so basic and standard in the traditional
world of business, but we believe that we need to generate a profit in order to accomplish the
greatest amount of value to the world. We will not apologize for desiring to generate a profit,
but also plan to do so in a transparent, sustainable way. Both of our objectives work in tandem
with each other. The profit does not need to be at the expense of societal value, and does not
need to be tied to the price of the $NOBS token itself. The purpose of the token is to be a
platform for reviewers with which to bid on projects.

The following revenue model is subject to change, but presently stands as follows:

1.

80% of the fee that crypto projects pay to be reviewed will be shared with the No BS

Crypto reviewers and 20% will be kept by No BS Crypto. This fee may range from $100 to
$50,000, based on the size, scope, category, and stage at which No BS Crypto is at with being
seen as a trusted, legitimate source for ratings. A simple, $100 project may only take 2

16

reviewers a small amount of time. Whereas a $50,000 project may take over 100 reviewers
several hours each. To reiterate, 20% of this fee will be retained by No BS Crypto LLC, whereas
80% will be shared with the reviewers from the community.

2.

Projects that would like to stay listed on the site for an extended period of time will pay a

nominal monthly subscription cost. The percentage of this cost shared with the community is
not yet known. Projects with a poor rating will obviously not want to pay this fee, but will be
subjected to staying on a site to a defined amount of time so that their illegitimacy may become
known to the overall crypto community. Once delisted from the general ranks, they will be
permanently relegated to a section of the site dedicated to crypto projects with low ratings,
unless significant changes are made to the project that warrant a second look, for an additional
fee.

3.

Projects that receive a favorable review will have opportunities to pay extra to be featured

on the site or promoted via podcast, YouTube or similar social channels. A much smaller
percentage of this revenue will be shared with the community, so as to not incentivize
reviewers to give everything a positive review so more money can be earned from promotional
revenues as well. This exact percentage is TBD, but such sponsorship packages will be
completely transparent to the public.

4.

Future revenue-generating activities are TBD and will be shared when completed.

The Utility
Giving away an ERC20 token is very easy to do, and the reasons for doing so are numerous.
Community members, whether vetted reviewers or not, will be rewarded in tokens (amounts
TBD) for commenting, posting and creating content within and for the No BS Crypto
communities. The specific details of this will be released at a later date.

17

The more difficult aspect of an ERC20 utility token is finding ways for the token to actually be
spent. Right now, the primary method for spending the tokens will be to bid on crypto projects
to work on. The economics of this model will constantly be in a state of flux, as the market
value of these tokens are presently unknown and are expected to change regularly. But the
economics will always make sense for the reviewer doing the bidding. For instance, if a project
pays $100 to the reviewer, then there will be protections in place to help ensure that the
number of $NOBS tokens required to bid cost significantly less than $100, in case the bidding
reviewer needs to purchase them on the exchange. However, protections cannot be granted for
extreme and unpredictable swings in the price of the token.

In the future there will also be opportunities for crypto projects to pay in $NOBS, further
ensuring that these tokens are being put to good use, and do not exist to merely be traded or
speculated with. The token price will not be tied to the financial performance of No BS Crypto,
the company, but rather what the market dictates and to the extent they are utilized.

Risks
As with any crypto-related project or new business in general, the risks are high and should not
be understated. Below is a non-exhaustive list of some of the many risks accompanied by this
project in particular:
·

​First and foremost, there is a high risk of token price volatility and value-loss. There is a

very real possibility that purchasing $NOBS tokens on an exchange will result in the purchaser
losing his or her money. None of the team members at No BS Crypto are certified financial
advisors and nothing contained within this whitepaper, or anywhere within the No BS Crypto
communities constitutes investment advice.

18

·

​The business model outlined in this white paper is not without fault. There is and always

will be some level or risk of manipulation. Almost nothing in life is perfect, unbreakable,
unhackable or unable to exploited in some way. There is always a small chance that a review or
rating is tainted by a conflict of interest or bad actor. Safeguards will be added and modified as
we learn, but it will never be perfect.
·

​There may be members of the No BS Crypto communities attempting to scam others. The

team will be hyper-vigilant about this, but things can always happen in encrypted chats that are
outside of our control. Any person joining any crypto community is at risk of being manipulated
or scammed in some way.

Token Metrics
The No BS Crypto Token has a total supply of 10,000,000,000. 10% of this supply is reserved for
the founding team and advisors. 25% is reserved for company operations and future
partnership opportunities. The remaining 65% is reserved exclusively for the community. The
community receives tokens by either participating in our airdrop rounds, engaging in any of our
social media communities or buying them on the exchange. Uncirculated tokens may be burned
in the future if deemed necessary.
The token metrics were originally different from what is shown today. As the use case, needs
and business model of this token and company have developed since the idea’s first origination,
the tokenomics have changed to reflect such needs.

The Team
Chris Koerner – Owner/Founder

19

Chris is a lifelong serial entrepreneur, living in the Dallas, TX area. Chris graduated with Cum
Laude honors from The University of Alabama with a degree in Business Management and
Entrepreneurship. While in college Chris started several companies, one of which being a small
regional chain of wireless repair shops called Phone Restore. After selling Phone Restore to a
competitor, Chris founded his next company, LCDcycle, in 2012. LCDcycle is an eCommerce site
offering wholesale parts and recycling solutions to wireless repair shops around the country.
Within 3 years LCDcycle was doing $9M in annual sales and was profitable from the first year.

After first investing in Bitcoin in 2016, Chris could not stop learning about new and exciting
blockchain applications. In 2017 Chris ceased working within LCDcycle full-time and launched
No BS Crypto. Chris has been actively managing a crypto fund, advising ICOs and working on all
things No BS Crypto since then. Chris is also months away from finishing his Executive MBA
from TCU, one of the world’s top-ranked EMBA programs.

John McAfee – Advisor
John is the founder of McAfee Associates, a former US Presidential candidate and a
world-renowned crypto expert. John’s influence on the crypto community is surpassed by few, if
any.

Justin Waite – Full Stack Developer
Justin is a software engineer currently living north of Seattle, WA. While growing up in
Alabama, he got his start developing software at just 13 years old, building video game bots,
websites, and many other personal projects. Justin graduated with a bachelor’s degree in
Software Engineering and has dedicated his professional career to be a “startup developer,”
working to help small businesses experience growth through modern software practices.
Justin began investing in crypto in 2017 and has been intrigued with the immense
potential that crypto has to revolutionize the way software is created and executed. He
began working with Chris and No BS Crypto in late 2017.

20

Matthew Waite – Software Developer
Matthew Waite lives in Rexburg, Idaho with his wife and two children. He has been
working with Chris Koerner for many years ensuring success in his entrepreneurial
ventures. Matthew has been a crypto enthusiast since 2016. Skilled in day trading and
research, he has contributed many of his business expertise to No BS Crypto. After
being enthralled with the world of blockchain technology, Matthew changed careers and
has been vigorously studying Software Engineering at BYU University in Idaho. His
mission is to use his skills and knowledge from his college major and apply it to the
world of blockchain technology.

Kirk Salisbury – Digital Marketing and Community Manager
Kirk Salisbury is an ethics-driven entrepreneur and marketer who wants to make the
internet a better place. In his first job at a real estate firm he quickly found how to exploit
SEO weaknesses in Google which rapidly grew the real estate firm in which he worked.
However, after realizing that SEO practices which were for quick gain weren't in the
overall human interest. He left the real estate world and co-founded an online retail
operation where truthful, quality content for those consuming it was more important than
any other element of the website. Today that mantra has served the business he very
well as the reputation of the brand catapulted the company into first place in its industry.

Anonymous - Statistical & Financial Modeling
One of our most critical team members is in charge of the development of our algorithmic altcoin
investment models. He has a PhD and teaches at a well-known university, but would not like to
be revealed at this time.

21

The Future
The initial utility of the NOBS token has been outlined above, but more plans are in the works.
The pool of crypto enthusiasts and community members, categorized by skill, that have
opted-in to the prospect of helping launch this ambitious project is comprised of almost 20,000.
There will be future additions and revisions to this whitepaper that outline additional uses for
the token that will ensure that those people have even more opportunities to benefit financially
from their efforts in legitimizing this new asset class.

Conclusion
Please email me directly at chris@noBScrypto.com with any mistakes you may find or any
questions you may have. If you would like to help with infographics that we may be able to add
to this whitepaper, that would be amazing as well. At this time, nothing we have done has been
monetized – all of the work has been done by people who believe in the long-term success of
this project. Those that contribute and add value in these early stages stand to reap rewards as
our model and systems improve and scale.

I sincerely thank everyone reading this for your continued belief and support in what we are
trying to accomplish. I truly believe that the plan outlined above will have a lasting and
meaningful effect on thousands of new and existing crypto investors and enthusiasts alike.

22

Sources
1. ​“11 Examples Of How Insanely Corrupt The U.S. Financial System Has Become.” ​Business Insider,​
Business Insider, 14 Apr. 2010,
www.businessinsider.com/11-examples-of-recent-corruption-on-wall-street-2010-4.
2. ​Mix. “How BitConnect Pulled the Biggest Exit Scheme in Cryptocurrency.” ​The Next Web,​ 17 Jan.
2018, thenextweb.com/hardfork/2018/01/17/bitconnect-bitcoin-scam-cryptocurrency/.
3. ​Zuckerman, Molly Jane. “Third Co-Founder Of Centra Tech Charged With $25 Mln Securities
Fraud.” ​Cointelegraph​, Cointelegraph, 25 June 2018,
cointelegraph.com/news/third-co-founder-of-centra-tech-charged-with-25-mln-securities-fraud.
4. ​Biggs, John. “Exit Scammers Run off with $660 Million in ICO Earnings.” ​TechCrunch​, TechCrunch,
13 Apr. 2018, techcrunch.com/2018/04/13/exit-scammers-run-off-with-660-million-in-ico-earnings/.
5. ​“A Number of Major Crypto Influencers Are Accused of Market Manipulation.” ​CCN​, 27 Apr. 2018,
www.ccn.com/a-number-of-major-crypto-influencers-are-accused-of-market-manipulation/.

23

