TABLE OF CONTENT
★

Introduction

3

What is The Noah Foundation?
Philosophy of Noah Foundation
What is Blockchain Technology?
Background
Platform for Blockchain Technology

★

Platform Overview

11

Broad Market Concept
Opportunities in the Japan-Philippines market
Noah’s Platform Play
A complete ecosystem for cryptocurrencies and blockchain apps
for Japanese - Filipino trade and commerce
Regulatory Environment
Circular 944
Japanese government ruling on cryptocurrencies
What is an ICO/Token Crowdsale?
Overview - Bitcoin, Ether, ERC20, Etc.
Why Use Tokens? What is the purpose of the Tokens?

★

Product Overview

13

Noah platform services
Ark Wallet
Ark Remit
Projects
Token Ecosystem
Token Details
Timeline/ Roadmap
Tokenbase and fund allotment
Noah Tokenomics
General Summary
Token Basic Functions
Internal Payment Token
Token Usable Function

★

Founding Team and Advisory board

★

Conclusion

31
32
33

★

Legal Provisions

INTRODUCTION

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

3

With the advent of cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, new opportunities for business and
disruptive financial applications have entered the market. As an alternative payment
method, it has gained popularity among contributors, entrepreneurs, and consumers over
the last few years. Such popularity would not be possible without blockchain technology, a
ground-breaking technology that powers all cryptocurrencies. Cryptocurrencies and the
blockchain is not simply a technological trend, but rather a shift towards a better future, one
in which managing one's finances is becoming easier, faster, cheaper and safer. The
cryptocurrency industry has given birth to an entirely new market which has the potential to
disrupt existing market strategies and conventional business practices.
One of the challenges facing this new technology today is the lack of specific platforms that
will allow user to participate in this industry with minimal effort and a specific purpose. By
creating the Noah Foundation, users who wish to participate in unique and robust projects
between Japan and the Philippines will now be able to use a platform that makes this
accessible and simple to use.

MARKET OVERVIEW
The Philippine Market Situation

100++ Million
population, with
median age of 24
years old.

Over 10 million
Filipinos working
overseas on
contract and as
expats, sending
home $27 billion
annually.

Fastest growing
smartphone
penetration in
ASEAN, expected
to reach above
70% by 2018.

50 Million internet
users and growing

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

4

CHALLENGES
Underdeveloped payments infrastructure
Only 3% credit card penetration
More than 70% unbanked
Cost to send money to the Philippines between 6% to 10%
Inefficient online banking system

The Philippines is a republic nation located in Southeast Asia with a population of 104 million
(the 12th largest in the world in 2016) with a nominal GDP of US $ 304.9 billion (36th in the
World in 2016). It has grown rapidly both in population and GDP, expanding by more than 10%
in 4 years from 272 billion dollars in 2012. It is expected that this world-class growth will
continue to sustain a population of 170 million with GDP of 2.7 trillion dollars in 2050 according
to a survey by distinguished research organizations.
In 2017, the Philippines was the 10th fastest growing economy in the world. About 10% of its
GDP comes from remittances from Overseas Filipino Workers, or OFWs, who are migrant leaving
the country to work abroad and support their family in the Philippines. The Noah project will
focus on the Philippines which has a growing economy, a fast growing middle class with
purchasing power, and a young population that is ready to embrace new technologies.
It also has one of the biggest online populations, with over 40 million Facebook users alone, and
even more internet users. Smartphones can be found on 7 out of 10 people, and mobile phone
penetration is beyond 100%.

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

5

The Noah Foundation
The Noah Project, started in 2016, is a cryptocurrency platform focused primarily on enhancing
the Japan-Philippines trade and market. Using blockchain-powered applications for Remittance,
B2B and B2C Payments, as well as partnerships with major Philippine real estate projects and
more, it aims to bridge the gap between Japanese and Filipino citizens, travelers and businesses.
Noah Foundation will launch NOAHCOIN (NOAH), which is its own cryptocurrency to be used in
its ecosystem by members and users.
The mission of the Noah Project is to consolidate and allow cryptocurrency users (customers,
merchants, and traders) on-board around a very specific and intuitive platform that can
seamlessly integrate all the existing features under the same structure. This platform comprises
of remittance, mobile money, discounts, and trading services that give its users a unique and
viable alternative to traditional methods. The customers of The Noah Project are users and
supporters of the platform who have an interest in Japanese-Filipino market opportunities,
people who are already using cryptocurrencies but are looking for avenues to diversify and
contribute in worthwhile endeavors between the two nations. The Noah Platform is optimized
to provide the best services to help its users to embrace the best experience in utilizing
cryptocurrency in its specific projects.
NOAHCOINS will be distributed to be used as digital tokens in any of the multiple projects of
the Noah Project. This is a first of its kind in the market.

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

6

Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency
Bitcoin is a cryptocurrency and a digital payment system invented by an anonymous
programmer, or a group of programmers, under the name Satoshi Nakamoto. It was released as
open-source software in 2009. The system is peer-to-peer, and transactions take place between
users directly, without an intermediary. These transactions are verified by network nodes and
recorded in a public distributed ledger called a blockchain. Since the system works without a
central repository or single administrator, bitcoin is called the first decentralized digital
currency. Besides being created as a reward for mining, bitcoin can be exchanged for other
currencies, products, and services globally.
Thanks to bitcoin, banks, corporations, and governments started recognising the technological
value of cryptocurrencies: the decentralized peer-to-peer public ledgers, the blockchain, the
new ways to approach security and anonymity, which have spread to a great variety of fields.
The design model of cryptocurrencies has made traditional financial institutions seem obsolete
by bringing new capabilities to individuals and organizations adopting them.
The greatest innovation of Bitcoin is its decentralized nature. There is no person or entity in
control of the Bitcoin. Instead, the system is run by a network of computers, and data stored on
the blockchain is distributed among them. Such distribution helps to resolve data storage and
security issues: everyone has access to the data, but no one owns it, nor can change it without
everyone else knowing it. Some of the immediate benefits of this technology today is the
facilitation of value transfers without the third parties, transfer of money in a more secure or
completely anonymous way which protects users’ personal data, access to banking and the
global financial system with any device connected to the Internet, avoidance of substantial
transaction fees, such as those charged by credit card companies and centralized payment
processors and many more.

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

7

Blockchain technology
The blockchain is a public ledger that records cryptocurrency transactions. A novel solution
accomplishes this without any trusted central authority: maintenance of the blockchain is
performed by a network of communicating nodes running software. Transactions of the form
payer X sends Y Cryptocurrency to payee Z are broadcast to this network using readily available
software applications. Network nodes can validate transactions, add them to their copy of the
ledger, and then broadcast these ledger additions to other nodes. The blockchain is a
distributed database – to achieve independent verification of the chain of ownership of any and
every bitcoin amount, each network node stores its own copy of the blockchain. It is one of the
fastest growing technology platforms in history, outpacing the growth of the world wide web in
the 1990s.

Ethereum Blockchain
Ethereum is an open-source, public, blockchain-based distributed computing platform featuring
smart contract (scripting) functionality, which facilitates online contractual agreements. It
provides a decentralized Turing-complete virtual machine, the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM),
which can execute scripts using an international network of public nodes. Ethereum also
provides a cryptocurrency token called "ether", which can be transferred between accounts and
used to compensate participant nodes for computations performed.

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

8

REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT
Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency in Japan
In Japan, Bitcoin was recognized as a legal payment method nationwide. The Japanese Financial
Services Agency (FSA) announced the enforcement of this Bill on April 1st, 2017. The
amendments include an ordinance concerning digital currencies as well as digital currency
exchanges.
According to Bitflyer, the largest Japanese Bitcoin exchange, “Section 3 of this bill now includes
wording on virtual currency [VC] and is being tentatively called the ‘Virtual Currency Act’." It
defines digital currencies including Bitcoin for the first time and recognizes them as a method of
payment.
“The new law defines Bitcoin and other virtual currency as a form of payment method, not a
legally-recognized currency. Bitcoin will continue to be treated as an asset unless there are
future revisions or directives to Japanese tax law.”
According to global law firm DLA Piper, the amended Payment Services Act, which is part of the
Banking Act, defines a digital currency as “property of value,” that is usable for payment to
unspecified persons, and is purchasable from and sellable to unspecified persons. The bill has
far-reaching repercussions for the digital currency world as well as the way that
cryptocurrencies can be traded and exchanged. The Banking Act was modified after a long
process of debate and dialog between regulators and proponents of digital currency.. After
months of discussion, the bill has come into effect as of the beginning of April 2017.

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

9

Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency in the Philippines
In the first quarter of 2017, The Philippine Central Bank, or Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas, published
BSP Circular No. 944, which in effect regulates and legitimizes Virtual Currency exchanges in the
country. In the Circular, they said:
“The Bangko Sentral recognizes that virtual currency (VC) systems have the potential to
revolutionize delivery of financial services, particularly for payments and remittance, in view of
their ability to provide faster and more economical transfer of funds, both domestic and
international, and may further support financial inclusion, read the circular as signed by BSP
Deputy Governor and officer-in-charge Nestor A. Espenilla, Jr.

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

10

PLATFORM OVERVIEW

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

11

There are many kinds of cryptocurrencies today. Bitcoin is the most popular, along with Ether
and XRP. These platforms are very good at their specific specializations, with each one filling
a niche and finding its own market in the global financial services industry. Although most of
these coins or tokens are in their early stages, the future of blockchain technology looks very
bright, and soon, mainstream adoption will come in the form of practical and easy-to-use
platforms based on cryptocurrencies and blockchains.
The NOAHCOIN will be introduced in Japan in 2018 in an Initial Coin Offering, and will be
used as a digital utility token for a number of projects in the Philippines: A mixed-use resort
in Mindanao that will include, and other features, an assisted-living facility; residential real
estate in Metro Manila; and an organic agriculture program for farmers in Mindanao.
The Noah Platform aims to use major cryptocurrencies, along with its own token called
NOAHCOIN, as a way for its users to use cryptocurrencies and allow members to participate
in exclusive projects in the Philippines spearheaded by the Noah Foundation.
In early 2016, the Noah Project successfully completed its first token pre-sale stage from
Japanese contributors, offering a discounted sale price to preferred early token buyers.
Shortly after, it completed its second stage of token pre-sale with the announcement of the
Noah City project in the Philippines. In these two stages, it raised a total of US$110 Million.
The next stages of the Project will now start with the improvement of the cryptocurrency
platform and ecosystem, as well as more exciting projects and opportunities for its members
and users.

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

12

The Noah Ecosystem
Following the success of the first two stages of the project, Noah has begun development of its
cryptocurrency platforms for cross-border remittances, business payments, and its own
cryptocurrency wallet for its users and customer base. This development will allow all users to
use its own cryptocurrency platform designed with the project in mind. Users will be able to
store, transfer, and trade cryptocurrencies and NOAHCOIN tokens within the Noah Ecosystem as
well as in all of its upcoming development projects.

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

13

ARK WALLET
In the Philippines, digital commerce and electronic money transfers are decades behind that of
Japan. Only 3% have credit cards, and therefore shops and stores charge more to use them,
making merchants unable to take advantage of its convenience due to the high costs. By using
blockchain technology, the Ark Wallet will allow users to send and receive cryptocurrencies and
other fiat currencies easily.
The Ark Wallet is a cryptocurrency application to be made available for free on iOS, Android,
and Web platforms. The wallet will allow users to send and receive cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin,
Ether, and Ripple, as well as its own cryptocurrency called NOAHCOIN. The wallet will also allow
users to make payments in the Noah ecosystem.

Release Q1 2018

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

14

ARK REMIT
The average cost to send P10,000 to the Philippines from Japan is 10%. This is a very
unfortunate circumstance due to the large costs of traditional money transfer methods available
today. With Ark Remit, this cost can be cut down to 2-3%.
The Ark Remittance platform will allow users to send money to the Philippines from Japan using
a web-based application. Users will be able to use cryptocurrencies and the token of the
platform to remit to the Philippines faster, cheaper, and easier than traditional methods of
money transfer.

Release Q3 2018

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

15

PROJECTS

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

16

Japanese companies and individuals are eyeing prospective opportunities in the Philippines, on
the back of the country’s strengthening economy. The country’s economic growth is
tremendous and remarkable, compared to many other Asian countries. This is why The Noah
Project chose Philippine ventures and opportunities to offer its members and users.
The Noah Project aims to collaborate with Philippine ventures, both in the private sector and
public sector, to create strategic partnerships for meaningful and lucrative projects that will
benefit both Japan and The Philippines alike. Since the relationship of Japan and the Philippines is
mutually beneficial and close, the project hopes to achieve long term success in the project they
choose to support.
Japan and The Philippines are one of the top trading partners in the world. There are many
opportunities between the two countries in terms of business, and even for humanitarian and
social-good development. The Noah Project aims to bring these opportunities straight to its
users and members by establishing partnerships with worthwhile projects and allowing its
members and users to participate in them freely by using the platform.

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

17

Noah City – Horizon Manila
Horizon Manila will be the newest reclaimed land project in the City of Manila. At 419 Hectares,
Horizon Manila will be the largest Central Business District in all of the Philippines. The Noah
Project is in collaboration with Jbros Construction Corporation to construct a Noah City within
Horizon. In Noah City, the NOAHCOIN can be used as a token to receive discounts from any
part of the city.

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

18

Noah Resort - Zamboanga del Norte
In partnership with Dakak Beach Resort, The NOAHCOIN will be able to be used as currency in
all parts of the resort. Using the NOAHCOIN, users will be able to access, Three (3) tennis courts,
billiards a bowling alley, a world class golf course, horseback riding, ATVing, ziplining, rock
climbing, wakeboarding, a fully fitted airsoft facility, rappelling, cove hopping, scuba diving,
snorkeling, kayaking, banana boat, jetski, river cruise and sunset cruise.
Every NOAHCOIN user will be given exclusive access to this resort, with discounts given for
purchases.

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

19

The Noah Coin
Having a cryptocurrency for your company, service, or application has proven to be the wave of
the future. More and more companies are using cryptocurrencies in their business processes,
with blockchain applications proving to be more efficient and secure than traditional methods
of value transfer, storage, and record keeping. Using cryptocurrency technology called ERC20,
the project will create its own token called NOAHCOIN to transact, trade and transfer in its
wide range of projects. The cryptocurrency will allow for frictionless transfers, fast settlement,
and special promotions for Noah users.
The NOAH tokens are issued in order to conduct payments inside the ecosystem of core
projects, the ecosystem is committed to offering lucrative prices in NOAH to lure customers to
pay in tokens, subsequently creating demand for NOAH. Some of the internal NOAH services
may be paid only in NOAH, confirming stable market necessity for tokens. While at the first
stage token is seen as an instrument for low cost transfers of value from Japanese contributors to
Philippines, further maturation of project supposes larger utility functions of token. The model
assumes, that the networking effect, reached by the increased circulation of token inside the
ecosystem, will lead to increased use NOAH in respect to number of users and transactions. That
correlation was proved by development history of prior cryptocurrencies and other projects
tokens. In addition, low rates of non-cash remittances in the Philippines financial system will serve
as addition advantage of using token for deal settlements. NOAH tokens can be exchanged on
NOAH services by anyone at any moment. In-depth review of NOAH tokenomics is precisely
reported in corresponding section of White Paper.

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

20

ERC20
ERC-20 defines a common list of rules for all Ethereum tokens to follow, meaning that this
particular token empowers developers of all types to accurately predict how new tokens will
function within the larger Ethereum system. The impact that ERC-20 therefore has on
developers is massive, as projects do not need to be redone each time a new token is released.
Rather, they are designed to be compatible with new tokens, provided those tokens adhere to
the rules. Developers of new tokens have by-and-large observed the ERC-20 rules, meaning that
most of the tokens released through Ethereum initial coin offerings are ERC-20 compliant.

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

21

The Noah Coin (NOAH)

Noah Token technical details:
Total Supply:
Decimals:
Name:
Symbol:

ERC20
216,000,000,000
18
NOAHCOIN
NOAH

NOAHCOIN is a cryptocurrency token issued by The Noah Project using ERC20, which resides on
the Ethereum Blockchain. The token will only be initially sold in the Japanese market. The
purpose of these tokens is to allow users to be able to use these coins in the Noah Project
ecosystem for discounts, rebates, purchases, rentals, amenities, as well as using the Ark Wallet
app and Ark Remit websites. They will also be able to trade these coins on Cryptocurrency
exchanges if they wish, allowing others to buy them and use them if they wish to use any Noah
Foundation Project.

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

22

Token base (Token Allocation Plan)
Total supply of tokens

100%

216,000,000,000

Private sale tokens

12,987,578,850

Public sale

14,705,882,352

Shareholders and advisory board

30,212,421,150

Held by Noah Foundation as reserve

158,094,117,648

Total Fund allotment Funds raised shall be distributed as following to the different Noah Foundation Projects

Total Fund allotment
Funds raised shall be distributed as following to the different Noah Projects (in percentage)

Compliance and legal

Cash capital and operations

Tech Improvements

Ark remit

Ark wallet

Token Issuance and Release Date - June 2018
Total of 216,000,000,000 NOAHCOIN to be issued

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

23

THE NOAHCOIN ECOSYSTEM

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

24

NOAH TOKENOMICS
General Summary
NOAH tokens for NOAH services. Anytime. For everyone.
The NOAH tokens are issued in order to conduct payments inside the ecosystem of core
projects, which are committed to offer lucrative prices in NOAH to lure customers to pay in
tokens, subsequently creating demand on them. Some of the internal NOAH services may be
paid only in NOAH, that provides stable market necessity for tokens.
Noah Project supposes corralled increase in utility functions of token.

At the first stage token is seen as an instrument for low cost transfers of value
from Japanese contributors to Philippines

The model assumes, that the networking effect, reached by the increased
circulation of token inside the ecosystem, will lead to simultaneous growth of
token utility with respect to number of users and transactions. That correlation
was proved by development history of prior cryptocurrencies and other
projects tokens

Low rates of non-cash remittances in the Philippines financial system will serve as
addition advantage of using token for deal settlements.

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

25

TOKEN BASIC FUNCTION
NOAH ecosystem has digital accounting unit of NOAH token. Total supply of tokens is
mathematically constrained and embedded in the source code
1.

Payment method in the Noah’s economics and its ecosystem
Internal token will be used as a payment method in the Noah’s economics and
will be used for payment for services

2.

Tool of customer loyalty system and cash-back program
The use of an internal token allows customers to participate in the Noah’s
bonus programs, as well as receive increased cashback for certain categories of
purchases in shop-partners

3.

Value transfer tool, which decrease transaction costs of money transfer and
open financial borders
Main attention is concentrated on providing easy access for Japanese
contributors to Philippine projects, which allows contributors to transfer capital
with the lowest transaction costs

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

26

The mechanics of token work proposes that each economic agent can pay
either with NOAH or with another currency, including fiat, however, the model
is constructed in the way to make payments in NOAH dominant. Prices are
calculated with the API use of major cryptocurrencies exchange to take notice
of the exchange rate of NOAH.

Abroad’s
financial
capital
Tokens

Tokens

Goods/Cashback

Tokens

Tokens

Services

Services

WHITE PAPER 2018

Tokens

|

27

INTERNAL PAYMENT TOKEN
While the projects inside the ecosystem are improving and preparing to sell their
services to clients, a strong necessity in payment arises in respect to the poorly
developed financial system of Philippines. The digital token, along with the ARK Wallet,
available on mobile devices, solves the problem of payments simplification.
Although projects are obviously open for receiving any currencies for their services,
the general strategy can be described as a “soft nudging” of members to choose to
pay NOAH tokens by showing them the serious benefits derived from it.
Conducting all calculations within the platform in NOAH token overcomes many
possible limitations imposed on the turnover of fiat funds in different jurisdictions.
Payments in other currencies are subject to a 10% fee, that together are forming the
Commission Fund, and vast majority of them are holded stable in support of deflation
model.
Each payer, who has conducted payment not in NOAH tokens, is credited with 3%
bonus NOAH tokens (taken from 10% commission), to increase penetration of tokens
and general awareness of participants about them

Fees are dependent on the
amount of NOAH tokens,
which the payer holds.

Nudging to holding large
amounts of NOAH for active
members of ecosystem

The major principles of such system have been used in the revolutionary Hong Kong Octopus project. Its tremendous success
gives better understanding on future outlook of NOAH ecosystem

HONG KONG OCTOPUS EXPERIENCE
Shortens
transaction time
up to 95%

Increased revenue
via user-friendly
platform with high
penetration rate

Increased number
of transactions up
to additional 8.4
mln per day

Reduced
administrative
efforts and risks in
cash handling

Helped to
decrease queue
waiting time by
35%

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

28

TOKEN USABLE FUNCTION
1. Payment method in the Noah’s economics and its ecosystem
Internal token will be used as a payment method in the Noah’s economics and will be used for
payment for services
2. Tool of customer loyalty system and cash-back program
The use of an internal token allows customer to participate in the Noah’s bonus programs, as
well as receive increased cashback for certain categories of purchases in shop-partners
3. Value transfer tool, which decrease transaction costs of money transfer and open financial
borders
Main attention is concentrated on providing easy access for Japanese contributors to Philippine
projects, which allows contributors to transfer capital with the lowest transaction costs.
Resorts Discounts

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

29

ROAD MAP

Noah Tokens are usable in
The Noah City 2023

Ark Remit
2018 Q3

Public ICO
February 12, 2018

Noah City Horizon Manila JBros
MOA Signing Sept 30, 2017

SCI July 24 2017 (white
label wallet ARK)

Revolution Precrafted MOA
Signing April 2017

5

4

Token listing
April 2018

Ark Wallet
2018 Q1

Noah Resort MOA
Signing October 4 2017

Organic Osmena (GrowKart)
August 29 2017

NipponPay MOA signing June 2017

3

2
Pre Sale 1
Dec 4 2016 - March 19
2017

8

6

13

Noah Tokens are
usable in The Noah
Resorts 2022

11

9

7

14

12

10
Usable in DAKAK 2018 Q1

15

Pre Sale 2
April 3, 2017 - June 16 2017

1

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

30

FOUNDING TEAM AND ADVISORY BOARD

Michael Jiang

Josef Werker

Clarke Robertson

Rafael Andres Reyes

A graduate of The University of
Cambridge, Josef is
concurrently the Co-Founder
of Media Werx and Managing
Director of Penbrothers. An
expert in business development
and operations in Asia, he was
previously the Account and
Operations Manager of Jardine
Engineering Corporation
(Philippines).

An experienced CTO of
Infrastructure of
ValueCommerce (Japan), Clarke
is also active as a systems
architect skilled in
infrastructure development and
network platform design.
Co-Founder and CEO of WME
Limited, Former CEO of BNC
Co. Japan and Vice President of
ValueCommerce Japan.

Rafael has been in the
financial services industry
since 1981, with executive
positions in American Express,
HSBC, Emirates Bank, Citibank,
Unionbank (Philippines), RCBC
(Philippines). He is now the
Founder and CEO of iPayDNA
Inc.

Led the insights analysis
process for partnership
deals. Gathered consumer
data across Google
platforms to uncover
insights about online
behavior and user
engagements.

Natalie Salami

Alex Mashinsky

Azam Shaghaghi

Bea Rose Santiago

NOAH Legal advisor and
Principal at Naglaw, a full service
firm that currently focuses on
blockchain services: helping
FinTech companies to navigate
through layers of overlapping
regulation on a global scale.
Concurrently the Founder and
Chief Legal Officer of HitFin,
which uses blockchain
technology to reduce risk and
settlement times.

A prominent Israeli-American
entrepreneur who has
founded several companies
over the years, including
GroundLink, Transit Wireless,
Elematics and Arbinet.

Azam is a bitcoin &
blockchain Evangelist as
well as a specialist in
Digital Asset Fund. She has
the passion for innovation
and disruptive technology
to bring positive global
change

A Filipina actress who was
also chosen as the 2013
Miss International. Active
in a number of media
both domestically and
abroad.

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

31

CONCLUSION
The invention of Bitcoin in 2009 started the growth of an entirely new industry and economy,
free from central authority and government control. The consequences of this technology is
now slowly unfolding and has created over $100 Billion in new value for the global economy.
This number is expected to reach $1 Trillion in the next 3-5 years, if the trend of development
continues. As people get used to the idea of cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology
applications become mainstream, companies that fail to adapt fast enough will become
obsolete, just like how the internet wiped out several industries because they did not have a
digital strategy. In the same way, financial services and similar applications will experience this
kind of disruption.
The mission of the Noah Project is to consolidate and allow cryptocurrency users (customers,
merchants and traders) on board around a very specific and intuitive platform that can
seamlessly integrate all the existing features under the same structure. NoahCoin users will be
able to purchase the tokens from Noah Foundation or from pre-approved digital asset
exchanges to use in any of the Noah Projects, use as a payment system with the Noah Wallet, or
send and receive money using the Noah Remit platform. By giving the tokens this way, they will
be incentivizes to use the tokens within the Noah Ecosystem of services and developments.
This platform comprises of remittance, mobile money, and trading services that give its users a
unique and viable alternative to traditional methods. The customers of The Noah Project are
users and supporters of the platform who have an interest in Japanese-Filipino market
opportunities, people who are already using cryptocurrencies but are looking for avenues to
diversify and contribute in worthwhile endeavors between the two nations. The Noah Platform is
optimized to provide the best services to help its users to embrace the best experience in
utilizing cryptocurrency in its specific projects and developments.

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

32

LEGAL PROVISIONS
I.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
The Purchaser expressly agrees that the Purchaser is purchasing NOAHCOIN at the purchaser’s sole risk
and that NOAHCOIN is provided on an “as is” basis without warranties of any kind, either express or
implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of title or implied warranties, merchantability or fitness
for a particular purpose. Without limiting the foregoing, none of the NOAHCOIN Team warrants that
the process for purchasing NOAHCOIN will be uninterrupted or error-free.
This token sale is not open for American Citizens and/or US residents. It is also not open to any citizen
or resident of a country that does not allow participation in token sales.
This whitepaper includes forward-looking statements to allow potential users the opportunity to
understand the Noah Foundation’s plans, beliefs and opinions in respect of the future of NOAHCOIN.
These statements are not guarantees of future performance and undue reliance should not be placed
on them. Such forward-looking statements necessarily involve known and unknown risks and
uncertainties, which may impact NOAHCOIN.

II.

PRIVACY
Although NOAHCOIN requires that Purchasers provide an email address, NOAHCOIN will not publish
any identifying information related to a NOAHCOIN purchase, without the prior written consent of the
Purchaser. Purchasers may be contacted by email by NOAHCOIN regarding a purchase. Such emails will
be informational only. NOAHCOIN will not request any information from Purchasers in an email.
PRIVACY POLICY

III.
NOAHCOIN, is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy together with our terms of use available at our website and any other documents referred
to on it sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us,
will be processed by us. Please read the privacy policy carefully to understand our views and practices
regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By purchasing NOAHCOIN you are accepting
and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
RISK DISCLOSURES
IV.

The Noah Project has not furnished any economic, legal or tax advice and Purchasers should not
contrue the contents of this whitepaper or any other information furnished by the Noah Project as
economic, legal or tax advice.
A.

Regulatory Risks

Governments are still grappling with public policy on the regulation of cryptocurrencies as a form of settlement in
trade. Governments adverse to the proliferation of the use of cryptocurrencies in local commerce could issue laws
and regulations deeming the use of cryptocurrencies a regulated activity. Countries such as China and Korea have
issued regulations or statements prohibiting token sales, while other countries have sought to bring the sale of
tokens within the regulator control of securities offerings. This could result in holders of Tokens being unable to use
Tokens in the future without further regulatory compliance by Company.

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

33

By purchasing tokens, the purchaser hreby represents that they will satisfy the full observance of the law of the
purchaser’s jurisdiction in connection with purchasing cryptocurrency including 1) the legal requirements within its
jurisdiction for the purchase of cryptocurrency, 2) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such purchase, 3)
any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained, and 4) the income tax and other tax
consequences, if any, that may be relevant to the purchase, holding, redemption, sale or transfer of NOAHCOIN
tokens

B.

Risks Associated with Use of NOAHCOIN Network

Prospective token holders are encourage to retain their own professional advisor to review and
evaluate the legal, economic, tax and other consequences of purchasing NOAHCOIN. Use of
cryptocurrency exchanges is complex and subject to stringent qualification requirements. There is no
guarantee that the developers will be able to successfully create a system that allows payment for
services using global cryptocurrencies. The failure to establish a network will result in decreased liquidity
of Tokens as a form of settlement currency within the NOAHCOIN network. Even if developers do meet
such qualification requirements, liquidity of cryptocurrency is not guaranteed and may be limited due to
few users, small trading volume, or other factors. Futher, The company will not support or otherwise
facilitate any secondary trading or external valuation of Tokens.

C.

Risks Associated with Crowdsale

Tokens are not investment products but rather serve as the means to access and purchase goods and
services in the NOAHCOIN system. Without Tokens, the general public may not access the NOAHCOIN
system. NOAHCOIN does not represent ownership interests in Noah projects nor does it entitle the
holder of NOAHCOIN to the right to receive dividends or a share of profits from Noah projects. For
these and other reasons, Company believes that the sale of Tokens does not constitute a public offering
of securities subject to prospectus registration requirements. Accordingly, the NOAHCOIN sale has not
been registered with any securities regulator. However, public policy towards token sales is changing,
and regulators may seek to broaden the scope of token sale regulation.

D.

Taxation Risks

The Noah Project has not furnished any tax advice with regards to purchasing NOAHCOIN. The use of
Tokens as a form of settlement currency may or may not be subject to local income tax, capital gain
taxes, value-added tax, or other forms of taxes. This uncertainty in tax legislation may expose merchants
and customers alike to tax consequences associated with the use of Tokens as a settlement currency
and/or the trading of Tokens for capital gains.

E.

Capital Control Risks

Many jurisdictions impose strict controls on the cross-border flow of capital. Holders of Tokens may be
subject to these regulations and/or arbitrary enforcement of such regulations at any time. This would
make the transfer of Tokens out of the local jurisdiction to overseas exchanges an unlawful activity,
exposing users of Tokens to government fines or other regulatory sanctions.

F.

CTF and Anti-Money Laundering Regulations

The United States has issued a series of regulations to combat terrorist financing (CTF) and
money-laundering activities. Many other countries have enacted similar legislation to control the flow
of capital for such illicit activities. The use of cryptocurrencies by bad actors would breach such
regulations. Any illicit use of Tokens could damage the global reputation of the NOAHCOIN network,
trigger scrutiny by CTF and anti-money laundering regulators, and disrupt the distribution and
circulation of Tokens in the NOAHCOIN ecosystem.

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

34

G.

Blockchain Risks

NOAHCOINS will be distributed as ERC20 tokens on the Ethereum blockchain.As such, NOAHCOINS are
subject to additional risks. A rapidly evolving regulatory landscape focused on digital currencies and,
potentially, on the technology underlying distributed ledgers, which might include security, privacy or
other regulatory concerns could disrupt the NOAHCOIN system. On the Ethereum blockchain, timing of
block production is determined by proof of work, so block production can occur at random times. For
example, ETH contributed to the Contract in the final seconds of a distribution period may not get
included for that period. Buyer acknowledges and understands that the Ethereum blockchain may not
include Buyer’s transaction at the time Purchasers expects and Purchasers may not receive Tokens the
same day Buyer sends ETH. The Ethereum blockchain is prone to periodic congestion, during which
transactions can be delayed or lost. Individuals may also intentionally spam the Ethereum network in an
attempt to gain an advantage in purchasing Tokens. Buyer acknowledges and understands that
Ethereum block producers may not include Buyer’s transaction when Buyer wants or Buyer’s transaction
may not be included at all. The possibilities of undiscovered technical flaws, including in the process by
which system participants come to agreement on the state of the Ethereum blockchain and the
ownership of NOAHCOINS recorded on the blockchain may cause Purchasers to lose some or all their
NOAHCOINS. Additionally, NOAHCOINS may be subject to expropriation and/or theft. Hackers or other
malicious groups or organizations may attempt to interfere with the Contract or Tokens in a variety of
ways, including malware attacks, denial of service attacks, consensus-based attacks, Sybil attacks,
smurfing, and spoofing. Furthermore, because the Ethereum platform rests on open-source software and
Tokens are based on open-source software, Ethereum smart contracts may contain bugs or weaknesses
which may negatively affect Tokens or result in the loss of Buyer’s Tokens, the loss of Buyer’s ability to
access or control Buyer’s Tokens, or the loss of ETH in Buyer’s account. In the event of such theft or
technical issue, there may be no remedy, and holders of Tokens are not guaranteed any remedy, refund,
or compensation. The Project and all of the matters set forth in the White Paper are new and untested.
The Project might not be capable of completion, implementation, or adoption. It is possible that no
blockchain utilizing the Project will ever be launched and there may never be an operational platform.
Even if the Project is completed, implemented, and adopted, it might not function as intended, and
Tokens associated with a blockchain adopting the Project may not have functionality that is desirable or
valuable. Also, technology is changing rapidly, so Tokens and the Project may become outdated. The
regulatory status of cryptographic tokens, digital assets, and blockchain technology is unclear or
unsettled in many jurisdictions. It is difficult to predict how or whether governmental authorities will
regulate such technologies. It is likewise difficult to predict how or whether any governmental authority
may make changes to existing laws, regulations, and/or rules that will affect cryptographic tokens, digital
assets, blockchain technology, or blockchain applications. Such changes could negatively impact Tokens
in various ways, including, for example, through a determination that Tokens are regulated financial
instruments that require registration. Company may cease the distribution of Tokens and/or the Project
or cease operations in a jurisdiction in the event that governmental actions make it unlawful or
commercially undesirable to continue.
Ownership of private cryptographic keys for the wallet where NOAHCOINS are stored is equal to
ownership of NOAHCOINS themselves. The general public, however, is not yet accustomed to using
secure cryptographic methods and managing private keys. By participating in the offering, it is expected
that you will hold the private cryptographic key or keys and prevent private key disclosure. Private
cryptographic keys are vulnerable to cyber theft. The theft may be of login credentials of a third party
provider of access to an ethereum wallet similar to how credentials of a traditional online brokerage
account would be stolen. The theft may be of private cryptographic key or keys of an individual investor
or of a repository containing private keys.

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

35

Vulnerability is present with digital assets given that participants in this offering may later find out that
they have not properly avoided disclosure of their private keys from others. Also, many third party
providers of access to an ethereum wallet are small unregulated entities. They may be vulnerable to
cyber criminal attacks as well and may not be able to compensate participants in this offering in whole
or in part should someone steal the digiatl assets provided in this offering. There can be no assurance
that such theft would be detected in time to hold the culprit accountable. The risk of theft of private
keys from third party providers of ethereum wallets is heightened so long as centralized repository holds
the private keys on behalf of security holders, as the thief as able to target a single security system for
breach of multiple accounts.
H.

Business Risks

Company plans to conduct closings of sales of Tokens as funds are received. If less than $1,000,000 is
received from the sale of Tokens, Company may have insufficient cash to implement its plans as
described, and Buyer shall be at a heightened risk of loss. Company’s principal competitors may have
greater financial resources than those available to Company and thus be in a better position to attract
talent, initiate projects, and offer lower prices for electricity, a crucial factor for coin miners. Company’s
ability to remain competitive may depend in part upon its ability to create new and enhanced products
or services and to introduce these products or services in a timely and cost-effective manner. In
addition, product and service introductions or enhancements by Company’s competitors or the use of
other technologies could cause a decline in sales or loss of market acceptance of Company’s existing
products and services. There can be no assurances that Company shall be successful in selecting,
developing, and marketing new products and services or in enhancing its existing products or services.
Failure to do so successfully may adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition, and
operation results. Company’s ability to realize its objectives shall depend on its ability to attract and
retain qualified personnel. Competition for such personnel can be intense, and there can be no
assurance that Company’s results shall not be adversely affected by difficulty in attracting and/or
retaining qualified personnel. The industry in which Company operates is new and may be subject to
heightened oversight and scrutiny, including investigations or enforcement actions. There can be no
assurance that governmental authorities will not examine the operations of Company and/or pursue
enforcement actions against Company. Such governmental activities may or may not be the result of
targeting Company in particular. All of this may subject Company to judgments, settlements, fines, or
penalties or cause Company to restructure its operations and activities or cease offering certain
products or services, all of which could harm Company’s reputation or lead to higher operational costs,
which may in turn have a material adverse effect on Tokens and/or the development of the Project.
Company will not support or otherwise facilitate any secondary trading or external valuation of Tokens.
These tokens are not intended to be liquid assets and should not be treated as such by purchasers of
Tokens. In cases of variation, the English version shall prevail.

WHITE PAPER 2018

|

36

