www.noku.io

THE BLOCKCHAIN MONEY COMPANY
White Paper (draft release 0.9.5)

“Money is the language
we use to communicate value
to other people.
Well... the alphabet is changing.”
Roberto Gorini

noku.io

!2

Table of Contents
The Money Today

4

The purpose of money

5

Cryptocurrency

6

The Real World

6

The Noku Goal

7

Buy-Back Tokens

7

Custom Tokens

9

The Noku Account

11

One-Time Utility Token:

12

Noku Master Token

12

Flowchart - Noku Ecosystem

13

Noku ICO

14

Marketing and Social Media

17

Allocation of value collected

18

Roadmap

19

NOKU Platform

23

NOKU Card

24

NOKU Pay

24

Technology

25

Privacy

26

Customer Service

26

Our Team

27

Advisor

29

Noku Legal Disclaimer

31

noku.io

!3

The Money Today
People need a reliable and aﬀordable chain of value in order to prosper and
produce wealth.

Physical money (USD, EUR, etc …) is old, slow, expensive, and inflated. In
every major nation, financial problems are oppressing the economy through
increasing bureaucracy and capital control.
Moreover, many people operate outside of the bank system and can't easily
exchange money. If you can't exchange value, you can't contribute to your
society, and you are unable to grow and produce prosperity.

But every problem has a solution, and people (and markets) always find a
way to make progress. Indeed, at the end of 2008, someone assembled a
new technology to exchange value. They named it Blockchain, and invented
a new digital money called Bitcoin. More and more people began to adopt
this kind of technology, developing and integrating its services, making even
more complex products, and extending the chain of value and trust.
From there, several new projects began to emerge. More companies and
digital currencies were developed and realized, such as Ethereum, ZCash,
Litecoin, Dash, Monero and others.

noku.io

!4

The purpose of money
Money essentially serves 3 purposes:
1) Reserve of value
Money must hold its value over time, to guarantee that people can use it in
the future as needed. People work hard for money when possible, so that
they can then use it to survive and prosper in a future when they may no
longer be able to work. This is an essential function that physical money,
with its constant inflation, is no longer able to fulfill.
2) Medium of exchange
Money has to facilitate transaction. Without money you can only use barter
to conduct a transaction. However, this can only take place only if there is a
double coincidence of matching needs and desires, which is very limiting.
Money permits us to exchange everything with a single medium and turn it
into anything we want. This fundamental quality is what allows people to
specialize their careers in a specific line of work.
3) Unit of value
Money is a common measure of value for goods and services. This enables
the market to have "prices" and better understand costs. This also allows for
faster transactions.

noku.io

!5

Cryptocurrency
Cryptocurrency was created to solve today’s money problems. It works well
as a Reserve of Value, and is also quite good as a Medium of Exchange.
Admittedly, it doesn’t work as well for setting "prices". It's too volatile, there
are too many diﬀerent cryptocurrencies and Bitcoin has a majority of the
market share. But this is not a problem!
Our vision of the future is a global market with diﬀerent currencies: some that
are best for preserving value, others that are more eﬃcient for exchanging
value and fiat money will probably still be used for measuring units of value
in each diﬀerent country.

The Real World
We are living in exciting times: in the era of cryptocurrencies! This technology
is creating new, revolutionary money... but we live in a physical world and
Fiat Money will still be around for a long time.
We need a way to incorporate this technology, to create links with our
physical world and use it to improve our standard of living.

noku.io

!6

The Noku Goal
Our mission is to connect crypto economy to real life

We focus on creating products and services that help people to save, spend
and invest value in the "real" world, while still enjoying the advantages of
crypto technologies.
Our first three products will be:

- Buy-Back Tokens
- Custom Tokens
- One-Time Utility Tokens

Buy-Back Tokens
Preserve your value in Cryptos

Our first product will be a token that we sell for 1 EUR (plus transaction cost)
and which we then buy-back for 1 EUR (minus transaction cost) should the
customer wish to sell back to the Noku Company.
A serie of tokens will follow. For example it will be possible for Noku to
release: 1 GBPN for 1 GBP, or 1 CHFN for 1 CHF.

noku.io

!7

If a customer wants to buy a “Buy-Back Token”, he has to register for a
Noku account and do the KYC procedure. The token (not the customer) has
Buy-Back right with the Noku Company. However, if a customer wants to sell
a Buy-Back Token, he must have a registered Noku account, or register a
Noku account with KYC procedure. If a customer does not comply with the
KYC/AML Noku procedure, they cannot buy or sell Buy-Back Token from/to
the Noku Company. Only Noku Company can sell or buy Noku Buy-Back
Token.

We believe that people deserve fast and reliable service all over the world.
We think that Buy-Back Tokens will be useful for several reasons:
1) Payments
Noku Buy-Back Tokens can be used for payments with an equivalent value
in Fiat Currency (as long as it’s digital), meaning it can also be used in a
smart contract.

noku.io

!8

2) Savings
You can store value with a token that can be sell-back for fiat currency,
without ever needing to exit the crypto world.
3) Trading
You can add a pegged digital currency to your trading system and balance
your fiat and cryptocurrencies in real-time without leaving the digital world
and without sending your private keys to third parties.

Custom Tokens
Create your token without writing code

With a Noku Account, you can use the Noku Platform to create your own
tokens. These can be used for several activities:

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

International Remittance
Complimentary Currency
B2B Payments
Bill payments
Manage Points
Gift Cards
Voucher / Coupon
noku.io

!9

• Gamification
• … and anything else people may need
Regardless of who our customers are and what are they need, we provide a
powerful and flexible solution to manage their communities, giving them a
reliable network that transmits value and trust.
With Noku Platform, customers will be able to create, move or burn their
own tokens. A token can be anything a community decides.
All the tokens created through the Noku Platform are automatically
recognized by the Noku wallets (both the web and apps versions). This gives
customers a holistic solution without the need to write code or buy servers.
Advanced services will be available in the near future, such as white labeling
platforms or wallets.

Noku tokens will be ERC20 token compliant. At this time Ethereum is the
most reliable platform for smart contracts and token creation, but our
research department will continue to closely study progress in other
noku.io

1
! 0

technologies such as Bitcoin Lighting Network, Rootstock, BitShares,
Waves, Nxt and whatever else might help people to more easily distribute
value and trust. We will develop user-friendly platform to give our customers
the best and most powerful solutions and we will release clearing rooms to
make our platform compatible for a multi-blockchain network.
At no time, during any procedure, Noku Company store the private keys of
the customer’s tokens.

The Noku Account

When a customer wants to buy Noku tokens, or use the Noku Platform,
AML/KYC procedure is necessary
1) The identification procedure has three steps:
ID Verification
Identity Verification
Document Verification
noku.io

!11

By using third party service (like Jumio) Noku never directly stores any
sensible customer data.

2) World-Check
Customers must have valid identity and documents, as well as a clear
global position. Noku will check this through in a third party service (like
Thomson Reuters).

One-Time Utility Token:
Noku Master Token
Some of the Noku ecosystem services are free (like the web wallet and app
wallet). Other services (like creating tokens or white labelling a wallet) require
payment. All fees are payed with the Noku Master Token.
This is a one-time utility token. It can be pre-purchased with a cash discount,
or exchanged in the market and can be used once in the Noku Platform. This
means that when a Noku token is spent on the Noku Platform, Noku
Company will not sell back it to the market.
Noku fees are published on a monthly basis and may be calculated as a
percentage of a transaction, as a fixed value or as a monthly fee.
Noku services can be paid only with Noku Master Token.

noku.io

1
! 2

Flowchart - Noku Ecosystem

noku.io

1
! 3

Noku ICO
The Noku Master Token will be available for pre-sale at an ICO event (or TGE
event - Token Generation Event). The pre-sale allows Noku to collect value to
develop all the services described in the roadmap.
The ICO is not allowed for citizens of following countries: USA, China,
Canada, Israel, South Korea and Vietnam. During the online procedure,
investors are responsible for determining their eligibility to invest.
At the Initially Coin Oﬀering (ICO), Noku Company will pre-sale a maximum
of 15% of the total amount of Noku Master Token, which will be fixed at
100MLN, so the ICO will have a maximum cap of 15MLN of Noku Master
Token oﬀered. The rest of the tokens (and the unsold tokens) will be
preserved in the Noku Reserve locked and released in twenty years, at the
percentage of 5% per year.
The value of the Noku Master Token will be oﬃcialized 24 hours before the
start of the ICO.
There will be a Pre-Sale ICO for Early Investors (Family, Friends and
Innovators) at a discounted price (less than ICO price) using Reservation
Contracts.
Zero Tokens will be reserved for founders, advisors, or developers.
The ICO has a target of 15.000.000 NOKU as a maximum cap.

noku.io

1
! 4

The ICO has a Soft Cap and an Hard Cap with the following structured:
Soft Cap is equal to 5.000.000
Hard Cap is equal to 15.000.000
It will be possible to participate to the Initial Coin Oﬀering by donating either
Ethereum, Bitcoin, Litecoin or Dash. Those not donating with ETH will also
be asked to provide the Ethereum address at which they would receive the
NOKU Master Tokens. At this point we will reminder contributors that we are
not responsible for mistaken addresses. We will also take this moment to
remind them that it will only be possible to contribute by sending Ethereum
from a wallet of which the contributor holds the private key, and that it will
not be possible to contribute by sending Ethereum from exchanges.
If the soft cap is not reached, the total amount of all donations received
will be returned.
The minimum amount of ETH to donate during the ICO is 1 ETH / per person
and the maximum amount is 1000 ETH / per person.
The tokens sold during the initial coin oﬀering will be part of the maximum
amount of 100.000.000, meaning that after the ICO (and considering that all
the initial tokens will be go sold), there will still be 85.000.000 available.
The amount of 85.000.000 of tokens is locked and only the 5% of
85.000.000 will be unlocked at the beginning of each year after the first
(January 1 of the following year). The first year (2018) this percentage will be
unlocked at the end of the ICO to guarantee that all the services associated
with the NOKU Platform will be fully functional through the use of NOKU
tokens as payment.

noku.io

1
! 5

NOKU Distribution
5%
10%
Early Investors
ICO
85%

Hold & Locked by Noku
(released 5% per year)

Meaning:
December 20, 2017
January 19, 2018
January 22, 2018

– ICO Start
– ICO End
– NOKU tradable on The Rock Trading exchange

Thus the maximum number of tokens in circulation in 2018 will be limited to
15.000.000 + 4.250.000 for a total supply of 19.250.000 NOKU circulation.
If some tokens still haven’t been sold by the end of the ICO, the remaining
tokens will be locked along with the other tokens stored by the Company.

noku.io

1
! 6

Marketing and Social Media
Customers and investors will be contacted through marketing & social media
channels such as:
Medium
Facebook
Twitter
Telegram
Github
All these accounts are ready and some of them are already in operation. At
the same time, a communication campaign is running through the advice of
certain influential web-users and “crypto evangelist” that are well known in
the countries where the ICO system is allowed.
Moreover a communication and information campaign is already underway
through meetups and scheduled events.
Noku will also finalize the structure of a press oﬃce, which will coordinate
Marketing and Social Media.

noku.io

1
! 7

Allocation of value collected
The total amount of Noku Tokens sold, if the ICO surpassed the soft cap, will
be used to develop the following roadmap and may be allocated as such:
20% Research & Development, 20% IT Infrastructure, 30% Marketing, 20%
Legal & Compliance, 10% Management & Administration.

10%

20%

20%
20%
30%

Research & Development
IT Infrastructure
Marketing
Legal & Compliance
Management & Administration

Allocation may vary and Noku Company can use the total amount collected
to develop or acquire in the market all the competence or products needed.

noku.io

1
! 8

Roadmap
STEP 1 - Web Wallet - DONE
We want to give people the possibility to store value with cryptocurrencies,
in a user friendly environment. The user interface is simple but powerful.
People can manage diﬀerent accounts with diﬀerent tokens in the Ethereum.
Other Blockchains, like ZCash and Bitcoin, will come later.
You can of course move tokens from your wallet to a third-party's wallet or
to certain exchanges.

noku.io

1
! 9

STEP 2 - Buy-Back Token - EURN - DONE

As described, at the very beginning of our activity we’ll release some BuyBack Tokens for a value of 1 EUR, 1GBP, or 1 CHF. These first products can
be used to save, spend and invest in the crypto world. You can use them
through our wallets and at certain selected exchanges.

noku.io

2
! 0

STEP 3 - Android and iOS Wallet - February 2018
We will develop an Android and iOS wallet that is synchronized with our Web
Wallet, to manage diﬀerent Accounts wherever and whenever users wish.
People can label accounts, register new tokens, obtain oﬃcial quotations to
send an equivalent amount of fiat money directly from the wallet without
leaving the interface, and several other useful functions.
People can manage diﬀerent accounts with diﬀerent tokens in the Ethereum
network, using all the ERC20 Tokens released.
Other Blockchains, like ZCash and Bitcoin, will come later.

noku.io

2
! 1

STEP 4 - Noku Platform - March 2018

STEP 5 - Noku Card - June 2018

STEP 6 - Noku Pay - October 2018

noku.io

2
! 2

NOKU Platform
The NOKU Platform will give people the possibility of creating their own
Tokens and managing them. We’ll start with the Ethereum network and in the
future we’ll add support for diﬀerent Blockchains that make sense. We’ll also
develop clearing rooms so people can manage tokens in diﬀerent ways.
Every token will be compatible with all versions of our wallets.

noku.io

2
! 3

NOKU Card
In addition to the possibility to store tokens in our wallets, we’ll enable
people to spend them directly from the wallet through a Prepaid Card (Visa
or MasterCard) in the real world. Allowing users to live and spend without
leaving the crypto-space, wherever a prepaid card is accepted.

NOKU Pay
The next step will be to develop a payment module, to virtualize a Pre-Paid
Card directly into the smartphone, with NFC technology. This way, people
don’t need to carry a plastic card, but can simply use the Noku Pay App for
payments wherever a prepaid card is accepted.
noku.io

2
! 4

The Noku Pay module can also be implemented in diﬀerent web site, apps,
or social network in the Internet world.

Technology
Blockchain technology, which is the basis for Bitcoin and Ethereum
operations, is a fantastic invention created by Satoshi Nakamoto (whoever
this may be). We are thankful. Inventions like this don’t just appear out of thin
air though. There is always a process of knowledge + creation. It is based on
a certain type of scientific knowledge, and then taken a step further,
expanding the technology. This is also what happened with cryptocurrency.
The invention of Blockchain is the sum of a whole series of technologies that
have been combined with a few new additions, such as "consensus".

Noku Technology
Noku master token and Noku Buy-Back token will be created on the
Ethereum blockchain, ERC20 compliant. The web and mobile wallet are
written in Javascript. Noku Platform, for the creation, movement and burning
of Custom Tokens, is developed with Solidity. At the beginning Noku
Company will release the platform and tokens in the Ethereum ecosystem,
while still being implanted in the Bitcoin ecosystem, with Lightning Network,
as well as with ZCash technology and Dash in the near future.

noku.io

2
! 5

Privacy
Noku users have full control over both their data and accounts privacy. They
will have two level of operating setting.
Level 0 - a user can use free service like web or mobile wallet. We never
store Private Keys of the tokens stored in Noku wallets. At every passage
only the customers can access at the data.
Level 1 - if a customer wants to use Noku Platform or buy/sell Noku tokens
directly to the Noku Company, he has to register himself with KYC/AML
procedure and he has to buy Noku Master Token to pay services.

Customer Service
Noku provides online customer service for Level 1 Noku users. Whenever
users need assistance, customer service specialists can be reached via the
Noku.io website. When a user submits an inquiry, the customer service team
will respond within one working day. The Noku goal is to provide consistently
excellent customer assistance.

noku.io

2
! 6

Our Team
Roberto Gorini - CEO
Serial entrepreneur with over twenty years of
experience.
Graduate in economics, as well as thousands
of hours of experience as a trainer and coach
for numerous courses and conferences. A
blogger, public speaker, and author of the
books Matrix Economy (2014) and Crypto
Economy (2016).
Cryptocurrencies evangelist.

Marco Guarducci - CTO
Simply a coder. Skilled in C, C++, Javascript,
SQL and most of the other languages, Linux &
Windows kernel, networking, embedded
systems, bigdata and highways video
monitoring... Blockchain enthusiast since
2016.
Has been a project manager and entrepreneur
in information technology since 1987.

Manuel Olivi - COO
When you combine passion for technology
with a Criminology degree, you end up
exploring a lot of uncharted territory. 15+
years of experience in Security & Privacy
Engineering, Computer Science, Digital, Web
and Startups. He started working full time on
Blockchain, Cryptocurrencies and
Decentralized Applications projects in 2017
with the goal of change the world. He is also
the Founder of IKI lab.

noku.io

2
! 7

Cosimo Sguanci - Mobile Developer
19 years old Computer Science graduate,
Android developer and Computer Engineering
Student at Politecnico di Milano. Passionate
about everything that's related to computer
science.

Fabio Gori - System Developer
System, knowledge and software engineer,
biker.
Deep knowledge of Linux Kernel and GNU
software universe.
Full Stack Developer.
Expert in algorithms and methods for content
extraction from unstructured or semistructured datasets.
Designer of highly complex and abstracted
ontologies.

Woo Jeon park - Web Developer
CEO at Fabbrika New Media, Art Director at
Mathema. Skilled in Web&Mobile development
in Interface Design, PHP, jQuery, Bootstrap,
Wordpress, E-commerce and Blender 3D.

noku.io

2
! 8

Davide Zucchetti - Marketing Manager
Business School 24 Ore Keynote Speaker
(https://ilsole24ore.academia.edu/
davidezucchetti); Knowledge Manager HiSkill;
Gorocketmarketing CEO; Marketing
Management Consultant.

Davide Luigi Borella - Community Manager
Crypto evangelist, startup advisor, community
manager and web influencer in the crypto
economy. Since November 2017 he is member
of the Crypto Valley. He has been a project
manager, entrepreneur and blockchain
enthusiast since 2012. Thanks to the support of
his team, he actually manage more than 40
Telegram Channels all about the Crypto-World,
blockchains and ICOs. In the Crypto-World he
is known with the alias "Dave" or "Crypto
Dave”.

Advisor
Paolo Rebuﬀo - Advisor
Business Angel, Serial blockchain Advisor
(Gnosis, Eidoo, Edgeless, Bitcrystal, Monetha).
Masters in economics and 15 years experience
as a stock and derivative trader since
discovering blockchain. Born in Italy, and
currently lives in Zug - Switzerland. Member of
the Cryptovalley and Cryptopolis Associations.

noku.io

2
! 9

Davide Baldi - Advisor
Entrepreneur, Business Angel, Director of Digital
Identity Sa - CH, Advisor of Eidoo.
Member of the Cryptopolis Association.

Davide Vicini - Advisor
Investment Banker, Ventura Sicav BoD member,
CFO of nowboat.com and Advisor to Swiss VC
Companies. Studied at Westminster university
(BA) and SDA Bocconi (Master Degree). Ping
pong fanatic and Avenger's team member.

Alfredo Malgrati - Advisor
Entrepreneur, Business Angel, graduated in
economy (Bocconi Milan).
CEO of several European companies.

noku.io

3
! 0

Noku Legal Disclaimer
General Information
In order to fund the development of the NOKU ecosystem, tokens will be
sold to the public in exchange of cryptocurrencies. The NOKU token is a
coin, which will allow the user to access the service provided by the NOKU
platform. Users that intend to purchase NOKU Token are subject to the
acceptance of the General Terms & Conditions.
The NOKU token does not have the legal qualification of a security, since it
does not give any rights to dividends or interests. The sale of NOKU tokens is
final and non-refundable. NOKU tokens are not shares and do not give any
right to participate to the general meeting of NOKU Ag. NOKU tokens cannot
have a performance or a particular value outside the NOKU Platform. NOKU
tokens shall therefore not be used or purchased for speculative or investment
purposes. NOKU Tokens will not be listed on any regulated stock exchange.
This White Paper nor any other material relating to the Oﬀer, NOKU Platform
or NOKU Tokens, has ever been or ever will be filed with regard to legal
standards such as the Federal Act on Stock Exchanges and Securities
Trading law, the Financial Market Infrastructure Act, or the Collective
Investment Schemes Act, which are not applicable to this token sale.
Therefore laws and acts that ensure that investors are sold investments that
include all the proper disclosures and are subject to regulatory scrutiny for
the investors' protection, are not applicable in this case. Every purchaser of
the NOKU Token should seek proper advice in order to understand whether
the purchase of the Token is appropriate for them or not.
Anyone purchasing NOKU tokens expressly acknowledges and represents
that she/he has carefully reviewed this White Paper and fully understands the
risks, costs, and benefits associated with the purchase of NOKU Token.

noku.io

3
! 1

Knowledge Required
The purchaser of NOKU tokens undertakes that she/he understands and has
significant experience of cryptocurrencies, blockchain systems, and services,
and that she/he fully understands the risks associated with crowd-sale as
well as the mechanism related to the use of cryptocurrencies (incl. storage).
NOKU Ltd shall not be responsible for any loss of NOKU tokens, or situations
making it impossible to access NOKU tokens, which may result from any
actions or omissions of the user, or any person undertaking the acquisition of
NOKU tokens, as well as in case of hacker attacks.
Risks
Acquiring NOKU tokens and storing them involves various risks, in particular
the risk that NOKU Ag may not be able to launch its operations and develop
its products and provide the services promised. Therefore, prior to acquiring
NOKU tokens, any user should carefully consider the risks, costs and benefits
of acquiring NOKU tokens in the context of the crowd-sale and, if necessary,
obtain independent advice in this regard. Any interested person who is not in
a position to accept or to understand the risks associated with the activity
(incl. the risks related to the non-development of the NOKU platform) or any
other risks as indicated in the Terms & Conditions of the crowd-sale, should
not acquire NOKU tokens.

Important Disclaimer
This White Paper shall not and cannot be considered as an invitation to enter
into an investment. It does not constitute or relate in any way, nor should it
be considered as, an oﬀering of securities in any jurisdiction. This White
Paper does not include or contain any information or indication that might be
considered as a recommendation or that might be used as a basis for any
investment decision. NOKU tokens are just utility tokens which can be used
only on the NOKU platform and are not intended to be used as an
investment.
noku.io

3
! 2

The oﬀering of NOKU tokens on a trading platform is done in order to allow
the use of the NOKU platform and not for speculative purposes. The oﬀering
of NOKU tokens on a trading platform does not change the legal qualification
of the tokens, which remain a simple means for the use of the NOKU
platform and are not a security.
NOKU Ag is not to be considered as an advisor in any legal, tax or financial
matters. Any information in the White Paper is provided for general
information purposes only and NOKU Ag does not provide any warranty as to
the accuracy and completeness of this information.
NOKU Ag is not a financial intermediary and is not required to obtain any
authorization for Anti-Money Laundering purposes.
Acquiring NOKU tokens shall not grant any right or influence over NOKU’s
organization and governance to the Purchasers.
Regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations
associated with cryptocurrencies in the world. In that respect, regulatory
measures, investigations or actions may impact NOKU Ag business and even
limit or prevent it from developing its operations in the future. Any person
undertaking to acquire NOKU tokens must be aware that the NOKU Ag
business model, the White Paper, or Terms & Conditions may change or need
to be modified because of new regulatory and compliance requirements
according to any applicable laws in any jurisdictions. In such a case,
purchasers and anyone undertaking to acquire NOKU tokens acknowledge
and understand that neither NOKU Ag nor any of its aﬃliates shall be held
liable for any direct or indirect loss or damage caused by such changes.
NOKU Ag will do its utmost to launch its operations and develop the NOKU
platform. Anyone undertaking to acquire NOKU tokens acknowledges and
understands that NOKU Ag does not provide any guarantee that it will
manage to achieve it. They acknowledge and understand therefore that
NOKU Ag (incl. its bodies and employees) assumes no liability or
responsibility for any loss or damage that would result from, or relate to, the

noku.io

3
! 3

incapacity to use NOKU tokens, except in case of intentional misconduct or
gross negligence.
Representation and Warranties
By participating in the Initial Coin Oﬀering, the purchaser agrees to the above
and in particular, they represent and guarantee that they:
·
have carefully read the Terms & Conditions attached to the White
Paper; agree to their full contents and accept to be legally bound by them;
·
are authorized and have full power to purchase NOKU tokens
according to the laws that apply in their jurisdiction of domicile;
·
are not a U.S. citizen, resident or entity (a “U.S. Person”) nor are they
purchasing NOKU or signing on behalf of a U.S. Person;
·
are not resident in China, Canada, Israel, Vietnam or South Korea, nor
are they purchasing NOKU or signing on behalf of a person resident in China,
Canada, Israel, Vietnam or South Korea;
·
live in a jurisdiction which allows NOKU Ltd to sell NOKU tokens
through a crowd-sale without requiring any local authorization;
·
are familiar with all related regulations in the specific jurisdiction in
which they are based and that purchasing cryptographic tokens in that
jurisdiction is not prohibited, restricted or subject to additional conditions of
any kind;
·
will not use the crowd-sale for any illegal activity, including but not
limited to money laundering and the financing of terrorism;
·
have suﬃcient knowledge about the nature of the cryptographic tokens
and have significant experience with, and functional understanding of, the
usage and intricacies of dealing with cryptographic tokens and currencies
and blockchain-based systems and services;
·
purchase NOKU tokens because they wish to have access to the
NOKU platform;
·
are not purchasing NOKU tokens for the purpose of speculative
investment or usage.

Governing Law and Arbitration

noku.io

3
! 4

The Client acknowledges and accepts that the NOKU ICO operation is taking
place within a Switzerland legal environment that is still under development.
The Parties agree to seek an amicable settlement prior to bringing any legal
action. All disputes arising with the papers provided, shall be resolved by
arbitration in accordance with the Switzerland Law.
DISCLAIMER
There are risks and uncertainties associated with NOKU and/or the
Distributor and their respective businesses and operations: the NOKU
tokens, the NOKU Initial Token Sale, and the NOKU Apps (each as referred to
in this White Paper). You can find a description of the risk related to the Token
Sale under the Legal section, which should be read carefully.
This White Paper, any part thereof and any copy thereof, must not be taken
or transmitted to any country where distribution or dissemination of Token
Sale or Initial Coin Oﬀering like the one described in this White Paper is
prohibited or restricted.
The NOKU tokens are not intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction.
NOKU tokens are utility token and cannot have a performance or a particular
value outside the NOKU Platform. Therefore, this White Paper cannot
constitute a prospectus or oﬀer document for investment in securities.
This White Paper does not constitute, or form part of, any opinion on any
advice to sell, or any solicitation of any oﬀer by NOKU Ltd to purchase any
NOKU tokens, or give any help in any investment decision.
You are not eligible and cannot purchase any NOKU tokens in the NOKU
Token Sale (as referred to in this White Paper) if you are a citizen, resident (tax
or otherwise) or green card holder of the United States of America, or if you
are a resident of the People’s Republic of China, Canada, Israel, Vietnam or
South Korea.

noku.io

3
! 5

