White Paper V16

LOGIN SIMPLY
All biometric: no passwords.
And no using your logins to track you.

CONTROL YOUR DATA
Keep it to yourself

PROTECT YOUR ID
No one sees it – not even us

PAY SECURELY
Without storing or sharing your data

VERIFY IN MOMENTS
Prove you’re you

TRUST NETWORK
Only trusted people and businesses

Take back control of your data
Nuggets is an e-commerce payments and ID platform. It stores your personal and payment data
securely in the blockchain, so you never have to share it with anyone – not even Nuggets. That
means no more data breaches – because companies don’t have to store your data. So you can
use services and make payments without worrying about your privacy and security.
Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 1

CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION						4
NUGGETS ENABLES PEOPLE
TO TAKE BACK CONTROL OF THEIR DATA		 4
Personal data is abused and at risk				

4

Security of personal data					

4

Trust in transactions is eroded					

4

Manually updating 100+ locations				

4

Passwords are not fit for purpose				

4

SOLVING THE PRIVACY CRISIS				7
A perfect storm. An ideal opportunity				

8

OUR VISION:
TAKE BACK CONTROL OF YOUR DATA			

9

HOW NUGGETS WORKS					10
The fundamentals for consumers				

11

Nuggets and shopping online					

12

Email and communication channel protection			

12

Consumer benefits						

13

Business benefits						

13

User onboarding process					

14

TECHNOLOGY						15
Biometrics							15
Private key storage						

15

Key recovery							15
Data encryption						16
Blockchain							17

TOKEN ECOSYSTEM					18
Nuggets Tokens						18
Building up Nuggets Tokens					

18

Value your information						

18

Using Nuggets Tokens						

18

How consumers will be able to use Nuggets Tokens		

18

How merchants will be able to use Nuggets Tokens		

18

Charity							19
Earning Nuggets Tokens for sharing data			

19

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 2

CONTENTS
LAUNCH STRATEGY AND AUDIENCES			

21

Building user loyalty and organic growth			

22

Right-time, performance marketing				

22

Business: banks, card schemes, retailers and their user bases

22

Partnership criteria						

23

Nuggets will be distributed through four main sources:		

23

Consumers							21

TOKEN SALE FUNDING					24
Purchasing Nuggets Tokens					25
Overview of this offering						

26

DEVELOPMENT ROADMAP					27
Key development milestones for Nuggets				

27

Features, initial and future releases				

28

Nuggets product features expected roadmap			

28

THE TEAM							29
Founder and CEO Alastair Johnson				

29

Co-Founder and COO Seema Khinda Johnson			

29

Acting CTO Adi Ben-Ari						29
Payments & Fraud Diarmuid Considine				

29

Customer Experience Mark Nichols				

30

Financial Services Steve Castle FCA				

30

CFO Robert Seok						

30

CMO Andrew Amadeo						

30

Conclusion							31
Legal notices							32

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 3

INTRODUCTION

NUGGETS ENABLES PEOPLE
TO TAKE BACK CONTROL OF THEIR DATA
Nuggets is a consumer blockchain platform with the power to revolutionise payment, privacy and
security. It puts personal data back in control of individuals, enabling ‘self-sovereign identity’ on a
mass scale. And it solves the biggest single headache for businesses: data security.
Nuggets was inspired by its Founder’s personal experience of having his payment details used
fraudulently – and the complicated, frustrating process that ensued. Nuggets solves this problem,
using zero knowledge storage, encryption, privacy, security and trust, all combined with the
immutable ledger that’s decentralised. This creates an entirely new, blockchain-enabled platform for
making simple e-commerce payments without having to sacrifice control of their personal data.
This is a consumer platform that everyone will use every day, to make trusted transactions with one
simple, biometric verification. Those transactions go well beyond payments. Nuggets also enables
secure login, ID verification and courier deliveries – with a many other applications and opportunities
in the pipeline.
Nuggets solves a range of related critical issues for consumers and business alike:
PERSONAL DATA IS ABUSED AND AT RISK
• Merchant and business databases are prime targets for breaches
• Personal data is routinely used and abused by businesses
SECURITY OF PERSONAL DATA
• Stolen payment card details
• Stolen identity information
TRUST IN TRANSACTIONS IS ERODED
• Trust in consumers and retailers alike
MANUALLY UPDATING 100+ LOCATIONS
• Replacing expired credit cards
• Adding new payment cards
• Changing address details
PASSWORDS ARE NOT FIT FOR PURPOSE
• Dozens of sites = dozens of vulnerable passwords
• Hard to remember and manage
• Many people stick to the same one

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 4

As well as solving these problems, Nuggets is also the key to unlocking the vast potential of e-commerce – which is
growing explosively across the globe.
In 2015, worldwide e-retail sales amounted to 1.55 trillion USD dollars. In 2021, those revenues are projected to grow to
over 4 trillion USD. (Source: emarketer.com)
At the same time, the global mobile payments market is set to double between 2017 and 2019 – from 288 billion USD to
over 690 billion USD. (Source: Ovum Mobile)
As a mobile platform, Nuggets connects directly into this vibrant market. It enables and secures payments using the most
popular forms of online payment: credit cards and debit cards (Source: CIGI-Ipsos Global Survey) – as well as offering a
value-add for popular digital payment systems like Android Pay, which can include Nuggets as a payment option instead
of a payment card. Nuggets also enables payment by cryptocurrency.
Any online purchaser is a potential Nuggets user. From the dad with his little black book of passwords, to the individual
who enjoys retail therapy but has the same password for everything. And these purchasers range across every age group.
(Source: Office for National Statistics (UK))
As a blockchain platform built to protect their data, Nuggets solves online consumers’ most pressing worry. In a 2015
survey, the primary concern about online purchasing was the potential theft of personal data. (Source: B2B International)
Solving that worry is not only good news for consumers. For merchants, it also has the potential to unlock many more
transactions.
Nuggets also makes transactions simpler – another key to boosting sales. Many online transactions never happen due
to overly complicated processes, forms and payments (source: Digital Commerce 360). Nuggets users can pay with one
simple biometric verification. That will unlock huge numbers of otherwise abandoned baskets.
Nuggets achieves these many benefits by using blockchain technology to revolutionise the way personal data is handled.
The simple proposition to consumers is that you can use all the services you love, without having to share or store your
personal data with anyone.
Instead, “nuggets” of personal data are encrypted in zero knowledge storage, in a blockchain. This means that not even
Nuggets itself can access your data, and whenever possible none of your information is shared. When you do decide to
share it, the platform shares the minimum required for the transaction.
These “nuggets” also have value. The more you use the service, the more Nuggets Tokens you’ll accrue to pay for
products and services. You’ll also gain Tokens if you choose to share data – finally putting a real value on your personal
information.
Transactions are encrypted, and use an immutable ledger with inherent trust principles, to validate trust in transactions
with both consumer and merchant.

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 5

For consumers, Nuggets is a single, secure sign-on for payment, login and ID verification, with no tracking and
selling your activity. Access is purely through biometrics: no more usernames or passwords. And if you need to update
your details, you only have to do it once, in Nuggets.
For businesses, it means the end of vast, vulnerable databases of customer data, minimising the risk of
regulatory and reputational issues. And it will hugely reduce losses from fraud, false positives and fraudulent charge
backs, and increase revenue.
The Nuggets platform is agnostic, and will be available across e-commerce platforms and payment gateways. It can
even be used in existing payment platforms: instead of entering an existing payment method, you could select “Nuggets”
as an option.
Nuggets are a best-in-class team. The founders are former Global Directors of Skype and Microsoft, backed by a
best-in-class blockchain development team.
Nuggets has already been selected by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) for Project Innovate, and is now testing with
consumers in the regulatory sandbox.

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 6

SOLVING THE PRIVACY CRISIS
These days, the average person has sensitive personal data – emails, payment card details, home addresses, passwords
– stored with over 100 online accounts. And that’s set to double in the next five years.
At the same time, there are almost daily reports of data hacks and breaches, often involving millions of sensitive customer
records. Earlier this year, for example, credit monitoring firm Equifax made news around the globe after hackers stole the
personal details of 143 million Americans – almost half the US population. These details included Social Security numbers
and birth dates: invaluable information for identity fraud. Equifax admitted that 400,000 UK records had also been illegally
accessed in the same incident.
This devastating breach is just one of the more high-profile cases in a trend that has been growing almost exponentially
year on year. Digital security firm Gemalto reports that ‘Since 2013, over nine billion records have been lost, stolen or
compromised.’ Gemalto also discovered that over 1.9 billion records have been compromised in the first half of 2017
alone. (Source: Gemalto) Even the US Securities & Exchange Commission has had to admit that a hack from 2016 is still
affecting its operations. (Source: NPR)
“We’ve lost control of our personal data,” wrote the web’s inventor, Tim Berners-Lee in March 2017. And the fact is, none
of the existing ‘solutions’ are any good.
In May 2017, Barclays CEO Ashok Vaswani acknowledged the growing “digital safety gap” between the innovations of
cyber criminals and consumer security measures. But his advice to consumers – to change passwords regularly – is
clearly inadequate.
Even if everyone could remember to continually update their passwords across more than 100 accounts, it is impossible
to be fully confident that those services are secure. How can we, when even large, established brands like Equifax
and Yahoo, as well as governmental bodies like the SEC, have proven vulnerable? And a breach in just one account
compromises all of them.
Given how dependent we are all becoming on online services and transactions, this is an urgent and growing issue for
consumers. It’s also a huge risk to business.
Regulation is tougher than ever. Starting May 2018 General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) demands data
minimisation, and allows for much harsher penalties than the UK current Data Protection Act. Fines can run to 4% of
annual global turnover, or €20 million – whichever is greater. The US Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C §§41-58) is
a federal consumer protection law that permits the Federal Trade Commission to bring legal actions against organizations
that have violated consumers’ privacy rights, or misled them by failing to maintain security for sensitive consumer
information.
The reputational damage could be even more serious. How does a business win back trust after compromising millions of
consumers’ personal data?
Identity theft and card fraud are major factors, too. In 2016, card and identity fraud cost $16 billion in the US alone. In
2015, losses and revenue passed up due to false positives – genuine transactions mis-identified as fraud – totalled $118
billion.
In short, we have a rapidly escalating crisis in online payment, privacy and security, affecting consumers and businesses
alike. But no one has come up with a single, comprehensive solution, simple enough for consumers to use and yet
powerful enough to address the overwhelming cyber security challenge.
Now, however, the founders and team behind Nuggets believe they have developed just such a solution: a consumerfriendly platform that will fundamentally transform the way we all interact and transact with online services.

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 7

A PERFECT STORM. AN IDEAL OPPORTUNITY
1. Data security is in a critical state. Hacks and data breaches have compromised billions of
personal records in 2017 alone. Sometimes in a single incident.
2. Fraud and ‘false positive’ card declines cost companies millions in lost revenue and passed
up revenue.
3. Regulations are tougher than ever, with the upcoming introduction of General Data Protection
Regulation (GDPR) and the US Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. §§41-58),
among others.
4. The average user has 100+ online accounts – and that’s set to double in five years.
5. We’ll all have biometrics on our smartphones by the end of 2018.
6. Technological advances. Ethereum blockchain, zero knowledge storage and the immutable
ledger make a solution possible. Nuggets is that solution.

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 8

OUR VISION: TAKE BACK CONTROL OF YOUR DATA
With Nuggets, anyone can take back control of their data. Instead of handing over payment and
personal information, each individual can choose if and when to share data – and do so only on their
own terms.
Nuggets returns power to the people. And it also liberates companies from the burden of trying to
manage and secure huge data silos. By atomising those silos, it can remove the biggest challenge
facing companies today: cyber security.

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 9

HOW NUGGETS WORKS
Instead of handing sensitive personal information to companies, to store in vulnerable databases, Nuggets encrypts
personal information in zero knowledge storage in a blockchain.
That zero knowledge storage is essential to Nuggets. The user is the only person who can access the encrypted data
– so there is no ‘backdoor’ through which third parties could access users’ information. Compare this to most modern
storage systems, where there is usually a root-level admin access, which could be compromised.
This gives each user a personal cloud of data that no one can access – not even Nuggets itself. And the ‘nuggets’ of data
you store take on genuine value through Nuggets Tokens, which you can accrue for use with product and services.
The user’s Nuggets Tokens are recorded on a dashboard in the product.
Nuggets Tokens offer both a valuable reward for consumers, and a powerful commercial tool for merchants. Merchants
can offer Nuggets Tokens as an incentive for purchasing products.
As users get Nuggets Tokens free for various actions, they can effectively get a discount when paying a merchant using
those Nuggets Tokens. Using Nuggets Tokens is also a direct transaction. This massively reduces the merchant’s costs,
which means they can offer discounts for customers paying in Nuggets Tokens.
For consumers, Nuggets Tokens offer much more versatility than conventional reward or retailer loyalty points, as Nuggets
Tokens can be used anywhere in the Nuggets ecosystem. For example, the Tokens you receive for using a service might
go towards clothes from an online store, or a supermarket delivery. That makes the original incentive especially appealing:
imagine using your air miles with any flight company – or even for a new coat.
All Nuggets transactions are encrypted and stored in an immutable ledger with inherent trust principles, which validate
trust in both the consumer and the merchant.
Every successful transaction is stored in a transparent manner – without revealing the contents or the context – through
the use of a privacy framework. Over time, this builds a trust profile that shows the user is a good actor in the network
and that their payment methods are good. The retailer also has to demonstrate that they are a good actor in the network
too.
In business terms, Nuggets will generate revenue from day one, through a small retailer transaction fee (payable in tokens)
and a revenue share (payable as fees) of savings made by merchants. The Token Sale will enable Nuggets to operate until
it turns a profit. A small percentage of the transaction fee also goes to the retailer’s or consumer’s choice of charity.
Bank

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 10

THE FUNDAMENTALS FOR CONSUMERS
1. Nuggets of personal data that only you own and control are encrypted in zero knowledge
storage in a blockchain.
2. Transactions are encrypted, and use an immutable ledger with inherent trust principles,
to validate trust in both consumer and retailer.
3. Get Nuggets Tokens when you sign up, refer, pay, login or verify and if you choose to
share information.
4. Use Nuggets Tokens to purchase products and use the services you love.
5. Nuggets Tokens put genuine value on your information, which you can use for products
and services.

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 11

NUGGETS AND SHOPPING ONLINE
Shopping online is simpler and safer with Nuggets. Once you’ve chosen your items, you just choose the Nuggets option
at checkout. This effectively logs you in, and the site pings your Nuggets app so that you can verify the transaction with
your biometrics.
That completes the payment, and your package is on the way. You don’t have to give your address (unless you wish
to): we send a GPS location to the courier company. To accept the package, you simply confirm your identity when the
courier pings your Nuggets app upon delivery.
If you’re not around when they arrive, you can leave a unique QR code for the driver. They can use it to show they arrived,
and tell you the next steps. Or you can use it to give them alternative arrangements.
Much has been said about how blockchain can be used for shipping and deliveries. With Nuggets, the consumer is in
control. You know where the package is – not just where the courier says it is. Everything is fully transparent, and you can
also feed back to the supplier and courier in a transparent, yet private, manner. It’s private people logistics.
Importantly, while Nuggets keeps user data private, retailers will be able to track behavioural data at an individual level. So
they can still personalise experiences in useful ways for the individual – without needing access to individual’s personal
data. This greatly reduces the potential for misuse of that data.
Nuggets users can also choose to share personal data with merchants in return for, say, discounts or offers. For example,
a user could choose to share their personal email in return for receiving news of discounts, sales, etc.

EMAIL AND COMMUNICATION CHANNEL PROTECTION
Most merchants require email communications for invoices and communications. But Nuggets is all about keeping your
personal information private. So we create a unique email to use with each merchant, which we then route back to your
normal email to keep things simple.
What that means is that if that merchant is hacked, or the email address passed on, it would be blacklisted from any other
source other than the specified merchant. So it’s useless to anyone else. And no one steals or sells useless information.

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 12

E-Store

E-Store

USER

Select Product

Checkout with

Verify Payment with

Verify Delivery using

(Using your Prefered
Payment Method)

Biometric App

Biometric App
or
QR Code Sticker

CONSUMER BENEFITS
1. No uncontrolled storing or sharing your data – but still use the services you love.
2. Privacy and security assured by leveraging the blockchain and data encryption.
3. Payment with existing methods and crypto currency – including credit and debit cards.
4. Single sign-on, without tracking and selling your activity.
5. Biometric access: simple and secure.
6. No passwords, no social engineering, No hijacking Phone Accounts.
7. Update everything at once, instead of dozens of services individually.
8. Rewards for loyalty and referrals, which you can spend with any merchant in the ecosystem,
as well as on charitable benefits.

BUSINESS BENEFITS
1. Reduce fraud – $16 billion has been lost to card and identity fraud in the US.
2. Reduce false positives – $118 billion has been lost or passed up in the US through false positives.
3. Reduce fraudulent charge backs – These currently make up 42% of retail fraud losses.
4. More transactions – Thanks to greater peace of mind from trusted and verified transactions.
5. Minimise regulatory exposure – Massively reducing data silos means less risk of non-compliance
with upcoming General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Federal Trade Commission Act
(15 U.S.C. §§41-58) (FTC Act).
6. Customize experiences using anonymous behavioural data – offer the services users want,
without compromising their privacy and security.
7. Offer Nuggets Tokens as incentives – Nuggets Tokens will be a valuable and attractive form of incentive,
as users can spend them with any merchant in the ecosystem.

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 13

USER ONBOARDING PROCESS
Nuggets is simple for consumers to sign up for and use: a critical feature in ensuring the platform’s success.
Once a user has signed up to the platform, transactions become as simple as selecting “Nuggets” (like any other payment
service) and supplying biometrics in the app. No usernames, no passwords, no data to type in. Watch a video of the
process.
Onboarding is a simple, one-off process:
1. Sign up using biometrics (no usernames or passwords)
2. Provide a photo ID
3. Take a selfie, which is compared to the photo ID for verification
4. Add a payment method, and enter the security code
5. Tap VALIDATE
This process verifies the consumer as a trusted Nuggets user. Retailers know they can trust that user’s transactions –
and that trust profile becomes stronger with every successful transaction. But retailers never have to store the user’s
information.
Nuggets acts as a validated proof of the person, their identity and their payment method. This also covers the merchant’s
requirement for Know Your Customer (KYC), but without storing or revealing private information to third parties.
On a customer services phone call, the agent can choose the Nuggets option to verify the user’s identity. Their system
pings the app, and the user confirms their identity with biometrics. Again, there are no security questions to work through;
no need to work out the fourth, sixth and eleventh characters of a password.
Nuggets also spares users the laborious task of updating dozens of separate services with new details – such as a new
address or payment card. Instead, simply updating Nuggets itself effectively updates everything.

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 14

TECHNOLOGY
Nuggets’ technology is split into three distinct layers:
1. Biometrics: confirms user identity (without storing)
2. Data encryption: keeps data private
3. Blockchain: stores encrypted data in tamper-proof form
Combining these technologies allows us more control than a central corporate server to the user’s device. Biometrics
allow Nuggets to verify the user on their device, without retaining the required data outside the device. The Nuggets
software enables the device to be used in this way, and the encryption itself is done on the user’s device. That means
the user is in sole control of who can decrypt the data.
Finally, blockchain ensures that we are not dependent on any one entity (including Nuggets itself) for storing or maintaining
the integrity of the data – which means they also can’t compromise it.
One of the core principles of Nuggets is future-proofing. In practical terms, this means that we have designed a solution
that works today, but we are also fully aware that all three areas of Nuggets’ technology (biometrics, encryption and
blockchain) are evolving rapidly, so we are ready to adapt the platform as they do so.

BIOMETRICS
For example, biometrics checks can be plugged into our system. As our devices, and the biometrics checks they provide,
become more sophisticated and reliable, so Nuggets can improve and utilise these to secure its underlying transactions.
Today, we use biometrics for a multi-angle face scan combined with ID document forensic scan and OCR (optical
character recognition) for initial KYC. The user then uses on-device biometrics, such as fingerprint scan and facial
recognition for subsequent authorisations. As more sophisticated techniques, including vein matching, are developed
and become more reliable, these can be incorporated in the overall Nuggets solution.
Once the KYC checks are complete in Nuggets, biometrics will only ever be stored on the user’s device for native
biometrics authentication.

PRIVATE KEY STORAGE
The user identity in Nuggets is underpinned by the private key stored on device. This private key will be stored in a
hardware secure enclave (HSE) on devices / operating systems where this is provided by the manufacturer. The HSE
provides a hardware secure storage controlled by native biometrics, ensuring that the Nuggets private key cannot be
compromised by any software (such as malware, rogue apps, etc) on the user’s device.

KEY RECOVERY
If a user has to replace their device (if it’s lost, stolen, repaired or upgraded, etc),
Nuggets provide a secure key recovery solution. This allows the user to recover their key securely. Nuggets cannot
create a new private key.
Keys are generated and managed outside the blockchain, and are therefore agnostic of the underlying blockchain
platform.

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 15

DATA ENCRYPTION
Nuggets encrypts all the user’s personal data on their own device before it’s sent to the blockchain. That means the
encryption/decryption occurs outside the blockchain, so it’s agnostic of the underlying blockchain platform.
Data is only available for decryption by those parties (keys) specified by the user. During an ecommerce purchase, for
example, a merchant cannot decrypt a user’s credit cards details – only a card payment processor has access to the
secure EMV card token. Similarly, the merchant’s key does not give them access to the consumer’s delivery location. That
is only available to the key belonging to the courier, and is ideally sent in the form of GPS coordinates rather than a plain
text address. In this way, nuggets of information are isolated and only shared as required and permissioned by the user.
The system dynamically generates and shares encryption / decryption keys. The anonymity this provides, combined with
zero knowledge storage and a privacy network, lays the foundation for GDPR compliance in a blockchain solution.
Encryption techniques are evolving – in particular with advances in quantum computing, homomorphic encryption and
zero knowledge proofs (zkSNARKS). While these technologies are still nascent, and in many cases not yet ready for mass
market adoption, we already include them in our research, to ensure that Nuggets is engineered in a way that will allow us
to include and adopt them as they mature.
For example, as quantum proof encryption algorithms become available, we will look to use these to underpin personal
data storage. Similarly, as homomorphic encryption and zkSNARKS mature, we will look to provide independent integrity
checks on the data in our smart contracts, without revealing the underlying data.

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 16

BLOCKCHAIN
The blockchain in Nuggets is used to ensure that the underlying storage of the nuggets of information is not controlled
and cannot be removed/destroyed by any one party. The blockchain also provides a platform for the Nuggets token.
Nuggets is issuing an ERC-20/223 token on the Ethereum public blockchain network to power the underlying
transactions. Ethereum has always been the platform of choice for Nuggets, although the data storage architecture is in
place to evolve to future versions of Ethereum, or any other blockchain platform, as scalability improvements are made.
To avoid undue load on the current public Ethereum network, data storage aspects of the Nuggets solution will initially be
hosted in a private / consortium / sidechain / channel. Nodes will be distributed to a set of independent partners in the
Nuggets ecosystem. Each node will hold a copy of the data, but that data will not be accessible to anyone but the user,
thanks to the encryption. All users will have visibility / transparency of ledger integrity, and the side chain /channel will be
pegged to the public Ethereum network. As the public blockchain becomes more scalable, and/or improved scalability
options become available (e.g. Polkadot, Raiden channels or sharding), Nuggets will look to adopt these to provide a
more trustless solution.
IPFS may be used alongside Ethereum at a later stage for larger data / document storage. Encryption/decryption of data
stored on IPFS will be handled using exactly the same mechanisms as for data stored in the smart contracts, with full
control of their data on the decentralised platform provided to the user.

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 17

TOKEN ECOSYSTEM
Nuggets Tokens
At its heart, Nuggets is a Tokenized system. A Nuggets user will accrue Nuggets Tokens (NUG) from day one, by
downloading the app and using the platform in various ways.

Building up Nuggets Tokens
Users will receive Nuggets Tokens as a reward when they sign up, refer someone, to Nuggets, log in, make a payment
or verify their ID. They will also receive Nuggets Tokens if they choose to share certain “nuggets” of their private data.

Value your information
Currently, users routinely give away their valuable information to dozens of companies, in return for using the services they
loved. But Nuggets Tokens will put a real value on that information, reflecting the enormous value it has to companies.

Using Nuggets Tokens
Consumers can use their Nuggets Tokens to buy physical and digital products and services from Nuggets-enabled
merchants. So Nuggets Tokens have genuine value.

HOW CONSUMERS WILL BE ABLE TO USE NUGGETS TOKENS
Products:
• Pay for physical and digital products from e-commerce stores
• Part-payment for products from e-commerce stores
• Pay for subscriptions
Services:
• Transport
• Utilities
• Communications

HOW MERCHANTS WILL BE ABLE TO USE NUGGETS TOKENS
Products:
Pre-pay for Nuggets service
Services:
•
•
•
•

Pay transaction fees for payments fulfilled through Nuggets
Pay for Customer Login services
Pay for Customer ID verification
Pay for future Nuggets services

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 18

CHARITY
Nuggets will give part of each transaction fee to charity. At any time, users can also use Nuggets Tokens to donate
to a list of charities selected by Nuggets.

EARNING NUGGETS TOKENS FOR SHARING DATA
Users will also be able to earn Nuggets Tokens from merchants by sharing personal data with those merchants.
For example, a user might share their email address with a merchant (with the option of the right to be forgotten) in return
for a discount and Nuggets Tokens. Or the user might share their first name, or a chosen representative name, to receive
communications like sale notices, in return for Nuggets Tokens from the merchant.
As a user continues to use the platform, they build up more and more “nuggets” of information to their profile, all securely
protected by zero knowledge storage. Nuggets gradually becomes more powerful – either by being able to provide data
the user chooses to share without the user having to re-enter it, or by validating a user’s identity with more services
through the trust network.
Users win both ways. If Nuggets can validate the user’s identity through the trust network, there’s no need for the user
to share any data with a merchant. Or, if a user chooses to share data, the user will be rewarded with Nuggets Tokens,
which can be used to buy products and services.

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 19

MERCHANT

SOCIAL POSTS
SOCIAL REFERRAL
& SIGN UP

MERCHANT

Merchant pays transaction
fees with Nuggets

Pay with Nuggets or
existing payment methods

1H

2
!

3
K

4
L

5>

Referred get Nuggets

Nuggets for signing up

1

SIGN UP

A user signing up
to Nuggets gets
Nuggets

User gets
Nuggets for
referal sign up

User gets Nuggets
for referral
2

3

4

5

REFERAL

SINGLE
SIGN ON

VERIFIED
IDENTIFICATION

GOOD
PAYMENT

Each user who refers
gets Nuggets. Each
Sign-up from a referral
earns the referred and
referrer Nuggets

Each user using
single sign on
gets Nuggets

Each user who
verifies their ID in
a communication
gets Nuggets

Each user making a
good payment gets
Nuggets

NUGGET VALUES ONLY A SUGGESTION.
ACTUAL VALUE TO BE CONFIRMED

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 20

LAUNCH STRATEGY AND AUDIENCES
The Nuggets platform will launch in the UK and US and China in 2018. Many of the merchant and payment partners
involved in the launch are global players, and Nuggets is also exploring new partnerships in other markets.
Recent successes in the digital payments space show that, even in this busy and maturing market, any platform offering
a genuinely simpler, faster, friendlier way to pay can gain considerable consumer traction.
The commercial offer to potential partners is equally compelling. Nuggets promises to add significant value to existing
market players, rather than simply competing with them. Many such businesses have already recognised the potential of
the platform, and Nuggets teams are in discussions with major global banks, merchants and payment services. In several
cases, these discussions include formulating joint go-to-market strategies.
Nuggets has two key audiences:

CONSUMERS
This is a busy and confusing market. Nuggets will be the game-changer that offers the combination of trust and ease
that consumers crave.
Nuggets not only makes individual transactions simpler, it transforms the whole experience of managing and using
personal data online. Consumers will not need any understanding of the complex technology involved to appreciate
the leap forward Nuggets offers in simplicity and security.
We are launching Nuggets to the adult market: those aged 18+. And we will segment that audience attitudinally, rather
than by age:
1. Those concerned about online privacy and security
2. Those who want to pay online simply
3. Those who want to simplify their online identity
At launch, we will focus this further, to concentrate on the launch partners’ customer bases.
Organic growth through user referral
To drive adoption, early Nuggets users will be rewarded with Nuggets Tokens when they download the product,
refer friends and use Nuggets to pay, login or verify their ID with retailers and service providers.
This will help Nuggets create strong relationships with its users from day one. Rewarding users ensures they
feel valued, and see the value in Nuggets. And referral is an authentic way of building brand awareness and
positive reputation.
The more a user uses Nuggets and refers friends and family, the more Nuggets Tokens they accrue and can use
for products and services.

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 21

Building user loyalty and organic growth
The Nuggets Community program will underpin all communications. This programme will focus on forging
real and strong relationships with our audience and partner audiences, to encourage them as product
developers and brand evangelists, spreading the word and bringing on their friends and family.
This will be supported by key influencers advocating key product features to drive their audiences to Nuggets.
Right-time, performance marketing
We will run a mobile-first, paid media plan targeting payment providers and retail partners, as well as
tech-savvy customers. We will lead with a relevant and informative content marketing strategy,
to fuel social conversation and conversion.

BUSINESS: BANKS, CARD SCHEMES, AND RETAILERS AND THEIR USER BASES
We will launch with universally trusted, frequently-used payment providers and retail partners – including those with a
history of data breaches that need to recover trust with their user base. These brands are on a journey of transformation,
as they proactively address the data security crisis and aim to reduce fraud, at the same time as offering more efficient
tools for their consumers.
The more partners we sign up, more users we can convert into Nuggets users. We’ll use the member-get-member and
sign-up incentives described earlier to drive customer conversion at launch.

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 22

Partnership criteria

PARTNERSHIP

OBJECTIVES
Engage market leaders/
catalyst for change
who will influence other
partners to integrate with
Nuggets

Launch Partners

CRITERIA
1. Large web or app-based audience in the UK, US, Global
2. Frequent customer purchase rate		
3. Mobile-first user base
4. Frequent customer purchase rate		
5. Mobile-first user base

Increase frequency of
use per current user

Post Launch

Attract new users

1. At least part-shared audience with Launch Partners
(increase frequency of use by offering more opportunities
for the user)
2. Large web-based audience with growing mobile
base in the UK, US and other markets
3. Regular customer purchase rate 		
4. History of hacking / fraud

NUGGETS WILL BE DISTRIBUTED THROUGH FOUR MAIN SOURCES:
For consumers: through apps
1. The Google Play Store for Android devices
2. The App Store for iOS devices
For business: through APIs
3. Banks and card schemes
4. Partner retailer sites: alongside current payment methods

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 23

TOKEN SALE FUNDING

Once the platform is launched, the ecosystem will focus primarily on creating a network effect amongst retailers and
users, and on attracting more participants to the platform. To that end, Nuggets intends to sell 22% of all Nuggets Tokens
(NUG) during its pre-sale and public Nuggets Token sale to fund platform development, partnerships, platform launch and
commercialization of Nuggets. Any unsold Tokens of the 22% will be burnt after the public sale.
Nuggets intends to reserve another 3% of the Nuggets Tokens for Post token sale supplier and administrative costs.
Nuggets will hold in Trust 10% of Tokens which will be locked up for a minimum of 2 years and be used for the continued
commercialisation of Nuggets.
Nuggets intends to set aside 30% of all Nuggets Tokens as incentives, and for use in the ecosystem. Nuggets intends to
keep 15% of Nuggets Tokens as long-term project contingency reserves with a one-year lock up, and 15% for Nuggets
employees with a two-year lock up, and 50% vesting after one year.
Some early retail adopters may receive Nuggets Tokens, to pay some fees and to capitalise on the network effect as the
ecosystem grows. Nuggets will control such distribution to protect the economics of the ecosystem.
Nuggets will also release a proportion of Nuggets “Team Tokens” to existing employees and consultants and as and when
new members join the team.
“Project Reserves/Contingency Tokens” are long-term reserves with a one-year lock up. There is no intention of releasing
these onto the market in one go. They will be released as and when required in a controlled manner that benefits the
ecosystem as a whole.
A final 5% of the total Nuggets Tokens will be used to cover legal, regulatory and miscellaneous costs leading up to
launch in each market. These will be sold as and when required to cover service provider expenses.

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 24

PURCHASING NUGGETS TOKENS
Buyers will be able to purchase Nuggets Tokens with BTC, ETH and USD. This is open to non-US residents. The pre-sale
has a minimum purchase of $10,000 if purchasing with USD, no minimum for BTC / ETH purchases and no maximum
purchase.
22% of the Nuggets Tokens will be allocated to the Token Sale. Tokens will be available for a 20% discount in the presale. The public sale is scheduled to start on 18th June 2018. The Token Sale will be hard capped at a total raise of
20,000 ETH.
We have allocated 500 ETH’s worth of tokens for the Public Token Sale which will run for 3 days for until a maximum
number of tokens has been sold, whichever is sooner.
The proceeds from the token sale will fund continued platform development, partnerships, launch and commercialization
of Nuggets.

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 25

OVERVIEW OF THIS OFFERING
NUG TOKEN

An ERC20 smart contract for use as a unit of account and means of exchange between
consumers and retailers on the Nuggets platform

TOKENS
OFFERED

In total, Nuggets will issue 10 billion Nuggets Tokens at launch, with 2.2 billion sold in the
pre-sale and public sale. Tokens will be available at a 20% discount in the pre-sale. The
Token Sale will be hard capped at a total raise of 20,000 ETH.

PRICE PER UNIT

USD $0.0069 per NUG token in the pre-sale and USD $0.0086 per NUG token
in the public sale

CURRENCIES
ACCEPTED

BTC, ETH and USD. Subscribers for NUG Tokens using USD must purchase a minimum
of $10,000 in NUG Tokens

PRE-SALE

$10,000 minimum purchase if purchasing with USD, no minimum for BTC / ETH
purchases

PUBLIC SALE

Commencing on 18th June 2018. $10,000 minimum purchase if purchasing with
USD, no minimum for BTC / ETH purchases

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 26

ROADMAPS
KEY TOKEN SALE MILESTONES FOR NUGGETS

KEY DEVELOPMENT MILESTONES FOR NUGGETS

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 27

FEATURES, INITIAL AND FUTURE RELEASES
Nuggets product features expected roadmap

FEATURES

LAUNCH

POST LAUNCH

Secure payments
Reduced card fraud
Reduction in False Positives
Prevent fraudulent chargebacks
No passwords – all biometrics
Trusted reputation model
Own and control your identity (zero knowledge storage)
Single sign-on
Platform and device agnostic
Rewards for referral and loyalty, and charitable benefits
Protects email identity
Cryptocurrency
Verify ID for customer services
NFC
Virtual credit
Shipping location direct to courier
Integrate with existing payment tools such as Android Pay

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 28

THE TEAM
Nuggets is led by two highly experienced founders, who have gathered a passionate, expert team of specialists.
			
			Founder and CEO Alastair Johnson
			
		
			
			
			
			

Alastair has spent over 25 years as an entrepreneur and innovator, almost entirely in digital
innovation: taking big ideas and design through to delivery. With deep knowledge across
technical, production and commercial areas, he has led global integrated product development
and product marketing for brands like Microsoft, Skype, Office, Xbox, Hololens, Disney, TED
and the BBC. He has created and led multi-disciplinary global teams in both start-ups and
multinational businesses, both client and agency side.

			
			
			Co-Founder and COO Seema Khinda Johnson
			
			
			
			

Seema has over 18 years’ strategic experience leading teams and delivering large-scale
commercialization, products, campaigns and projects. She has successfully launched global
products across many regions and cultures for brands like Skype and Microsoft, achieving
major user engagement and acquisition.

			
			
			
			Acting CTO Adi Ben-Ari
			
			
			
			
			
			

Adi is respected within the blockchain development community with over 20 years’ hands-on
experience designing, developing and leading technology solutions and teams. He has worked
across the telco and fintech sectors. A blockchain expert, Adi is CEO of Applied Blockchain –
a team of blockchain professionals focused on creating real-world applications that harness
the unique properties of the blockchain. Together, they have delivered platform-agnostic
products and privacy/security frameworks that deliver real business objectives.

			
			
			Chairman Steve Lau
			
			
			

Establishing Nuggets and leading Business Development in China. Eagles Fund Founder and Managing
partner, Founder and Chairman for China Fortune Holdings Limited, Managing partner of DFJ Dragon
Fund Angel investor behind Beijing V2 Technology Limited

			Senior Strategic Advisor Joshua J. Bouw
			
Joshua develops new partnerships and advises on Nuggets’ technical strategy. An innovator of 		
			
blockchain technology, he established Blackcoin – the world’s first 100% proof-of-stake currency – in
			2014.
			
			
			
			

Joshua was the receiver of the first ever smart contract, as one of those involved in the BlackHalo and
BitHalo smart contracting platform. One of the godfathers of proof-of-stake, Joshua is a popular 		
speaker on alternative currencies, and has represented altcoins at OKCoin and Huobi events.

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 29

			

Strategic Advisor Sebastian Quinn-Watson

			

Payments & Fraud Diarmuid Considine

			
			
			
			
			

			
			
			
			
			

Sebastian Quinn-Watson is a leading Asia and US focused blockchain fund raiser and ICO
advisor. He has advised on a number of successful and market leading projects such as
Powerledger, Bluzelle, Simple Token, CanYa, Viberate, Airswap and others. He also sits on the
advisory boards of Powerledger, CanYa and Bluzelle. In addition he has interest in crypto
currency exchanges, PR firms and Marketing firms across the world.

An award-winning risk management leader with over 15 years’ experience in the telecomms
and digital goods industries, Diarmuid has a deep understanding of daily operational issues
in multinational companies like Skype, Microsoft and Mastercard. Internationally recognised
as a leading expert on fraud and payments, he has served on the board, and as Chair of the
European Advisory Board, at the Merchant Risk Council.

			
			

Customer Experience Mark Nichols

			
			
			
			
			
			

Mark is a customer-centric, strategic leader with deep delivery experience and a record of
transformation and benefit realisation at a global scale. A board-level influencer, he has executed
numerous performance improvement strategies and investible end-to-end customer experience
initiatives across multiple channels, markets and languages. Mark has held numerous senior
leadership roles in organisations including Telefonica, Skype, Microsoft and is currently the VP
of Customer Experience at Virgin Mobile USA.

			
			Financial Services Steve Castle FCA
			
			
			
			
			
			

With 35 years’ experience in international financial services, Steve has held leadership (board
level) positions at a range of companies including LV= General Insurance (which he helped to
grow five-fold, into the UK’s third-largest motor insurer) and RBS Insurance. His wide-ranging
experience encompasses work in over 20 countries, and considerable experience of acquisitions
and disposals, as well as integration. As an entrepreneur, Steve has also co-founded, developed
and sold two financial services businesses of his own.

			
			CFO Robert Seok
			
			
			
			

Rob has been a finance professional for the past 18 years, specialising in media and tech.
He has worked in many multinational organizations such as KPMG, UBS, BT, and Virgin Media,
in roles ranging from commercial strategy to pricing. He has also helped a tech company
successfully IPO on the AIM, in exceptionally challenging conditions.

			
			CMO Andrew Amadeo
			
			
			
			
			
			

Andrew has worked in advertising and marketing for 28 years – 18 of them at management
level. He’s led and produced award-winning, innovative work for global brands like Nike, Unilever,
P&G, Honda, InBev and Diageo. In recent years, has specialised in multi-channel, integrated
consumer campaigns. As a former Creative Chief of Collett Dickinson Pearce, Mustoes
and Grey London, he offers a wealth of knowledge, across marketing,
creative and leadership perspectives.
Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 30

CONCLUSION
Nuggets will revolutionise the way we pay online, login and verify our identities. It will give people control over their
personal data, and make it easier to use the services they love.
By bringing trust and peace of mind to online transactions, Nuggets promises to make them quicker and simpler.
And to unlock millions of new transactions currently not made because of security fears, complicated processes
or false positives.
Nuggets will save companies billions in fraud, false positives and fraudulent charge backs, and will minimise their
regulatory exposure by hugely reducing the currently enormous silos of customer data.
Nuggets is not simply a new product. It is a fundamental change in the way online consumer transactions work,
worldwide. It’s the future.
nuggets.life

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 31

LEGAL NOTICE
Nothing herein constitutes an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any tokens, nor shall there be any offer,
solicitation or sale of Nuggets tokens in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. You
should carefully read and fully understand this white paper and any updates. Every potential token purchaser will be
required to undergo an on-boarding process that includes identity verification and certain other documentation, which
you should read carefully and understand fully because you will be legally bound. Please make sure to consult with
appropriate advisors and others.
This white paper describes our current vision for the Nuggets platform. While we intend to attempt to realize this vision,
please recognize that it is dependent on quite a number of factors and subject to quite a number of risks. It is entirely
possible that the Nuggets platform will never be implemented or adopted, or that only a portion of our vision will be
realized. We do not guarantee, represent or warrant any of the statements in this white paper, because they are based on
our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions, about which there can be no assurance due to various anticipated and
unanticipated events that may occur.
Please know that we plan to work hard in seeking to achieve the vision laid out in this white paper, but that you cannot
rely on any of it coming true. Blockchain, cryptocurrencies and other aspects of our technology and these markets are in
their infancy and will be subject to many challenges, competition and a changing environment. We will try to update our
community as things grow and change, but undertake no obligation to do so.

Take part in the token sale and find out more on Telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain
Copyright © October 2017 Nuggets Tokens Ltd All Rights Reserved

Page 32

