A Revolution in eCommerce
Through Blockchain Technology
ECOM Token Whitepaper | http://omnitude.tech

Contents
Disclaimer				

Page 3

Introduction to Omnitude

Page 4

What is Omnitude?		

Page 7

What is the ECOM Token?

Page 10

The State of eCommerce

Page 12

eCommerce Fraud			

Page 14

Omnitude Solution			

Page 15

Supply Chain			

Page 16

Omnitude Solution			

Page 18

Identity Confirmation		

Page 19

Omnitude Solution

Page 20

The Cost of Doing Business

Page 23

Omnitude Solution			

Page 24

About Omnitude			

Page 25

The Omnitude Ecosystem

Page 26

The ECOM Token in Omnitude Page 27

Page | 2

Token Sale & Distribution

Page 28

Use of the Sale Proceeds

Page 30

Team Members

Page 31

Omnitude Foundation		

Page 32

Adoption & Collaboration

Page 33

Core Principles			

Page 35

Road Map

Page 36

End					

Page 37

Disclaimer
While this document does not preclude the Omnitude Foundation from offering holders of ECOM tokens a share of the fees and
revenue generated from the commercial applications of the Omnitude ecosystem, such offer, if any, and the extent thereof, will be
at the sole and absolute discretion of the Omnitude Foundation. Accordingly, there is no assurance whatsoever as to whether such
offer will be made and holders of ECOM tokens should not have any expectation of receiving such an offer. In the premises, no ECOM
token should be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as enabling, or according any opportunity to, purchasers to participate in
or receive profits, income, or other payments or returns arising from or in connection with the Omnitude ecosystem, the ECOM tokens
or the proceeds of the ECOM token sale (as described in this document), or to receive sums paid out of such profits, income, or other
payments or returns.

Page | 3

Omnitude will make the
online retail marketplace more
transparent, more profitable
and more secure.
Omnitude is a blockchain smart
platform that connects
blockchain technologies,
eCommerce platforms and
enterprise systems involved in
building end-to-end supply
chains. Utilising Omnitude as an
integration layer between
existing systems enables rapid
deployment of blockchain
technology without the need to
replace current systems.

Page | 4

Omnitude enables businesses to
solve problems in ways that were
not previously possible, without the
rise of blockchain technology.
Omnitude can help achieve:
•

The creation of transparent and
accountable manufacturing and
supply chains

•

A significant reduction in
eCommerce fraud

•

The enablement of a single
customer identity for use
across any Omnitude connected
eCommerce site

•

Blockchain integration between
enterprise systems such as ERP
& WMS

….and many more solutions from
Omnitude and the community built
as Omnitude Apps.

Page | 5

The Omnitude platform will
itself be open and transparent,
enabling anyone to design and
build Omnitude applications to
integrate with existing solutions
in eCommerce, supply chain and
enterprise systems.
We aim to revolutionise
eCommerce and supply chains with
blockchain technologies.

Page | 6

What is Omnitude?
Omnitude is a pioneering project to
revolutionise connectivity between
blockchain technologies and
eCommerce platforms &
enterprise systems.
The Omnitude platform will act
as middleware, enabling simple
integration of blockchain
technology into existing systems
and in doing so, transforming
their capabilities.
It will do this in two phases...

Page | 7

Phase One
The first phase of Omnitude will
launch the Omnitude platform, this
will enable connectivity between
numerous technologies and
platforms and allow them to take
advantage of blockchain
technology quickly and efficiently.

Phase Two
During the second phase, both the
community and the Omnitude team
will build Omnitude apps to solve
specific use cases. There are already
several Omnitude Apps designed for
launch that are detailed in the use
cases section.

Page | 8

Omnitude technology will enable
a wide variety of different
applications to be built.
The Omnitude team will build its
own, whilst supporting the
community to develop their own,
through open documentation,
example code and support.

Page | 9

To help fund these initiatives we
are launching our ECOM utility
token.
As well as offering an opportunity to
be an integral part of the Omnitude
community, the ECOM token
presents a robust option to realise
the potential rewards that groundfloor involvement means for this
pioneering project.

Page | 10

What is the ECOM token ?
An ECOM token will be launched
alongside the Omnitude platform.
Merchants, customers and
suppliers will require ECOM, crypto
currency or FIAT to participate in
the Omnitude ecosystem.
The initial ECOM tokens issued
will be used to fund the
development of the Omnitude
platform and ecosystem, incentivise
participants to operate and
secure this ecosystem and create
a common settlement method
for people to participate in the
Omnitude ecosystem.

Page | 11

The State of
eCommerce

Page | 12

In terms of volume and value global
eCommerce sales in 2016 were estimated
to be worth $1.86 trillion, and are projected
to grow to $4.48 trillion by 2021.
That is big business by any measure.
Of this China and the US will combine for $1.584 trillion in eCommerce sales
in 2017, representing 69.1% of global eCommerce revenue. In 2017, mobile
commerce will account for more than 70% of eCommerce sales in both
China and India, and 59.0% in South Korea. In Germany, the UK and US,
mCommerce will comprise at least one-third of total retail eCommerce sales.
https://www.emarketer.com/Report/Worldwide-Retail-Ecommerce-Sales-eMarketersEstimates-20162021/2002090

... but as this market grows so does
the potential for fraud and the imperative
for transparency for everyone.

Page | 13

eCommerce Fraud
This booming online industry is facing some serious challenges.
In fact, 45 percent of merchants and suppliers have lost more than $1 million in revenue
due to challenges faced when integrating cross-channel capabilities into their commerce
strategy, according to 1WorldSync’s recently released study, Charting Course for
llGlobal Commerce.
Online payment fraud is set to not only keep the pace, but grow to an even bigger problem
for eCommerce merchants. Card not present (CNP) accounts for 60% to 70% of all card fraud
in many developed countries, according to Juniper Research, and it’s increasing. In 2016, for
every $100 spent through eCommerce, fraudsters stole 5.65 cents. Part of the problem is that
customers must use either a slow bank transfer or a credit card, mechanisms that expose
customer and merchant to the risk of ‘phishing’, ‘pharming’ and ‘man-in-the middle’ attacks.

The misuse of chargeback rights, either friendly fraud or chargeback fraud, are the methods
by which the majority of fraud losses are surrendered. According to The Nilson Report, $31
billion will be lost to chargebacks by 2020.
70 percent of customer disputes involve fraudulent/mistaken or unfounded product/servicerelated chargebacks.

Page | 14

The Omnitude Solution
to eCommerce Fraud

In this turbulent environment, the need for an effective, state-of-the-art solution prevails.
Omnitude’s Single Identity and Single Reputation will provide the means to help merchants
reduce the most usual form of eCommerce fraud, Identity Theft, whereby fraudulent
transactions are undertaken using a different identity, typically spending on someone
else’s credit card or account.
The Omnitude solution addresses all the major forms of fraud by using Blockchain
technology. In providing users with a Single Identity on the blockchain, Omnitude will
relieve merchants from the need to keep and secure extensive local databases containing
sensitive personal data about their customers. Such databases are at risk of being
compromised by ‘hacking’.
The risk of Chargeback Fraud is also minimised by reducing the use of credit cards.
Omnitude will also reduce Merchant Fraud (i.e. the collecting of payment upfront,
but with subsequent failure to deliver). Omnitude will facilitate staged release of payments
depending on stage of delivery.

Page | 15

Supply chain
Supply chains are made up of physical and financial supply chains. The former consist of
the physical movement of goods from supplier to customer; the later run in the reverse
direction and consist of financial flows from customer to supplier.
Supply chain finance is big business, with $2 trillion in financeable highly secure payables
globally, and overall supply-chain effectiveness is impacted significantly by inefficiencies on
the financial side. In particular, manual reconciliation between payment orders and invoices
is time-consuming, costly, vulnerable to errors, and subject to delays arising from differences
between clearing systems.

Simultaneously imports of counterfeit and pirated goods are worth nearly half a trillion dollars
a year, or around 2.5% of global imports. 86% of retailers say their sales are hurt by phony
goods. Up to 5% of goods imported into the European Union are fakes; these substandard,
faulty, and often dangerous. Goods can include; foods, machine and auto parts, chemicals,
medicines, toys, baby formula, medical instruments, perfumes and handbags.

Page | 16

Supply chain
Increasingly, customers demand real time knowledge of the location of their packages
in the delivery cycle.

In 2015/16 over two billion items were delivered to households across the UK, an increase of
12% on the previous year. A recent survey* of online delivery showed that both customers
and e-tailers want more updates from delivery companies on the location and status of their
order; 43% of customers stated they did not receive dispatch and delivery date notifications;
46% of e-tailers that they did not receive a delivery confirmation.

*‘Supply-chain finance: the emergence of a new competitive landcape’, McKinsey & Company, October 2015

Page | 17

The Omnitude Solution
to Supply Chain
Omnitude’s Supply Chain solution will allow individual items or shipments tagged
with identifiers to be tracked as they move along the supply chain, for example
from raw materials, to components, to assembled goods, to finished products,
to final customer delivery.
Whilst travelling through the Supply Chain, at key points, an item’s location will be
recorded by trusted ‘witnesses’ and written immutably to Omnitude’s blockchain.
Smart contracts running at each Omnitude node will track the item’s progress, and
release payments to shippers or suppliers as milestones are reached, without the need
for manual reconciliation, and regardless of how many different parties are involved
in the supply chain.
Omnitude’s supply chain blockchain will create a real-time, auditable, tamper-proof
record of a product’s full journey, from ‘first-mile’ to customer. Omnitude will allow
individual items tagged with unforgeable crytographic identifiers (e.g. painted 2-D
graphene security tags, quickly and easily readable by smartphone), or identified by
serial number, to be tracked to establish provenance and authenticity. At key points
during an item’s journey from first-mile to customer, its location will be recorded by
trusted ‘witnesses’ and written immutably to Omnitude’s blockchain.
Later, using just a smartphone, a customer purchasing the item, or retailer receiving
the item from a supplier, can verify the item’s history matches the seller’s claims.
The Omnitude Tracker App will show the route to market traced by the item, or whether
it was recorded as stolen or lost.
Omnitude will allow retailers to better match payment with progress through supply chain.
Merchants will have an improved ability to make staged payments (‘micropayments’) to
counterparties as their products move along the supply chain.

Page | 18

Identity Confirmation
Customers must usually provide details about their identity (e.g. name, email, phone, address
and payment details), and about their preference information (e.g. style, sizing, delivery times)
when transacting online with a merchant.
Usually, this information must be provided every time they transact with a new merchant,
even though the same information is being provided each time. Additionally, each merchant
must expend effort and incur costs to record this data and safeguard it properly.
Buyers depend heavily on online customer reviews for their buying decisions, even when
these reviews are written by complete strangers. Evidence suggests online customer reviews
are now more important than TV ads, branded websites, print ads and media. Businesses are
under increasing pressure to show positive reviews.
However, researchers now estimate that up to one-third of online reviews are phony, and
posted falsely either by the merchant itself, to boost, or by a competitor, to damage the
business involved.

https://smallbiztrends.com/2017/04/importance-of-online-reviews

Page | 19

The Omnitude Solution
to Identity Confirmation

Omnitude’s Single Identity will reduce effort required by merchants to establish customer
identity, and provide a simplified, quicker onboarding experience for customers.
Customers with an Omnitude Identity (OID) will enter their own identity and preference
data once, which will be verified by the merchant and then encrypted and recorded on the
Omnitude blockchain. Each time they transact with a merchant, the customer will be able
to submit, from the Omnitude ClientApp, the identity and preference information already
verified by the first merchant in order to complete the transaction.
This will accelerate and ease the purchasing process, increasing customer satisfaction and
loyalty. In turn, merchants will need to expend less effort in verifying customer identities, as
they will be able to check the provided data against its hash on the Omnitude blockchain.
If a participant is the first to build a new, complete Omnitude Single Identity for a given
customer, that participant will earn ECOM from merchants each time those other
merchants make use of that customer’s Omnitude Single Identity.
A merchant will pay ECOM:
•

to a participant’s OW, if they make use of a Single Identity built initially
by that participant;

•

to a customer’s OW, if they make use of that customer’s Single Identity.

Page | 20

The Omnitude Solution
to Identity Confirmation
Proof of Interaction (POI)
Omnitude’s Proof-of-Interaction will provide the means to establish that a reviewer has a
verifiable history of interaction with the merchant they are reviewing.
Each time a customer with an Omnitude ID (‘OID’) transacts with a merchant with an OID,
a record will be encrypted and written to the Omnitude blockchain by the merchant.
When the customer elects to submit a review of the online merchant, the OIDs and
private keys of both customer and merchant will be used first to verify from the Omnitude
blockchain that the customer has transacted with that merchant. If they have, the
customer will be allowed to submit a review.
While certain personal details identifying the reviewer could be hidden, other details could
be shown to help other customers validate the review, e.g. where the reviewer was based;
how many transactions the reviewer had with that merchant, and over what period; and
the total value of goods or services purchased across all the reviewer’s interactions with
that merchant.
Omnitude’s Proof-of-Interaction will also reduce Affiliate Fraud. (i.e. the manipulation of
traffic or signup statistics to glean more money from an affiliate program). If all parties
have an OID, parties to the affiliate program will be able to specify a required minimum
level of interaction - or minimum transaction history – between the referrer and the
referree signups for the signups to be included into the program. Omnitude’s Proof-ofInteraction will provide the basis for establishing compliance with these terms.
Omnitude’s Proof-of-Interaction will also enhance loyalty programmes, providing
immediate data about a customer’s purchases from a given merchant.
A merchant will pay ECOM:
•
•
•

to a customer’s Omnitude Wallet (‘OW’), if that customer submits a review
to a customer’s OW, in relation to that customer’s points earned in
a loyalty program
to an affiliate’s or referrer’s OW, whenever the conditions for doing so under the
respective program have been fulfilled

A customer will pay ECOM:
•

Page | 21

to a merchant’s OW, if that merchant writes encrypted proof-of-interaction-specific
data about the transaction to the Omnitude blockchain

The Omnitude Solution
to Identity Confirmation
Single Reputation

Omnitude’s Single Reputation will build trust between merchants, customers and suppliers.
With an OID, whenever a customer and merchant (or merchant and supplier) transact, their
reputation is legitimate and known by the blockchain.
Single Reputation will allow tracking - automatically and objectively - of whether goods are
shipped promptly, and whether payments are made on time and in full.
Transactions recording completion of shipping and payment milestones will be written to
the Omnitude blockchain. Whenever any two parties with OIDs interact subsequently, their
OIDs and private keys can be used to unlock data from the blockchain to confirm the ‘good
standing’ (in shipping, delivery and payment terms) of each party across the Omnitude
ecosystem.
A participant will pay ECOM:
•
•

Page | 22

to another participant’s OW, any time they make use of that participant’s
Single Reputation
to another participant’s OW, if that other party writes encrypted single-reputation-		
specific data to the Omnitude blockchain about a transaction involving them

The Cost of Doing Business

Currently, to collect online payments merchants must use a payment gateway and pay
fees to the gateway provider. Usually these fees are both monthly and per transaction
(typically in the range of 2.9% of transaction size).

The Cost of Doing Business

Gateway

Monthly Fee

Per Transaction Fee

Merchant Account Included

Multi-currency Support

Countries

In-form Payments

$25

2.9% + $0.30

Yes

USD

190

Yes

$0

2.9% + $0.30

Yes

Yes

46

Yes

Varies

Depends on reseller

Yes

Varies

Yes

$0

2.9% + $0.30

Yes

Yes

2

Yes

$0

2.9% + $0.30

Yes

Yes

203

$30

2.9% + $0.30

Yes

Yes

3

Yes

Yes

4

Yes

Yes

9

Yes

$25
$0

Page | 23

2.9% + $0.30

Yes

Recurring Billing

Yes

Yes

The Omnitude Solution to
The Cost of Doing Business

Omnitude will provide an alternative, cryptocurrency-based payment mechanism
that eliminates gateway provider fees and replaces them with lower blockchain
transaction fees.
Omnitude will allow ECOM payments between ecosystem participants to be
•
•

made and settled instantly through the Omnitude network
recorded on the Omnitude blockchain

ECOM transactions will be aggregated and ‘anchored’ periodically through ‘anchoring
transactions’ on the Bitcoin blockchain. In this way, payments on the Omnitude network
will benefit from the immutability provided by the Proof-of-Work consensus mechanism of
the most secure of blockchains, i.e. Bitcoin.
A buyer will pay ECOM:
•

Page | 24

to a seller’s OW, each time a buyer purchases from a seller. These payments will
be made by buying and selling ECOM at prevailing fiat/ECOM exchange rates in
back-to-back buy/sell transactions

About Omnitude

Page | 25

The Omnitude Ecosystem

Omnitude will be built on top of Hyperledger, the open source, global, collaborative project
hosted by The Linux Foundation. Hyperledger is a permissioned blockchain protocol which
enables business-to-consumer and business-to-business transactions.
The Hyperledger architecture provides core blockchain services, on which the Omnitude
ecosystem is built. The Omnitude ecosystem will be made up of a variety of entities, including
those mentioned above (i.e. merchants, customers, suppliers, couriers and affiliates/referrers).

Page | 26

The ECOM token in
the Omnitude Ecosystem
A ECOM token will be launched with Omnitude on the Omnilayer platform. Merchants,
customers and suppliers will require ECOM to participate in the Omnitude ecosystem.
The ECOM token will serve several primary functions:
1)

A native method of settlement between parties to access ecosystem resources.

a.

Merchants will make payments in ECOM to other ecosystem participants to use the
on-ledger Omnitude solutions for Supply Chain Provenance, Delivery Cycle
Transparency Data, Single ID, Single Reputation and Proof-of-Interaction.

b.

Customers will make payments to merchants using ECOM, crypto currencies and FIAT.

2)

An incentive for ecosystem participants to operate and secure the ecosystem.

a.

The consistency of Omnitude’s immutable blockchain will be guaranteed by
a distributed, peer-to-peer network of validating nodes running the Omnitude
Core client application. In return for enforcing Omnitude’s Delegated Practical
Byzantine Fault Tolerance (DPBFT) consensus algorithm, validating nodes
will share in ECOM block rewards.

3)

A means to raise funds for long-term development of Omnitude.

a.

Through the crowdfunding, the Omnitude Foundation is raising funds for the initial
issuance of ECOM, and for the development and launch of the Omnitude ecosystem.

b.

The ECOM coins issued during the crowdfunding will be the initial float to bootstrap
the ecosystem.

Any party will be able to join the Omnitude ecosystem and earn ECOM. It will also be
possible to purchase ECOM in return for fiat currencies or other cryptocurrencies on the
exchanges where ECOM are listed.

Page | 27

Token sale structure
& distribution
Proposed structure
Ticker:					
Tokens: 				
Inflation:				
Private pre-sale cost:
Private pre-sale cap: 		

ECOM
100,000,000 ECOM
None (no further tokens will be issued)
$0.40 USD/ECOM
10 million ECOM (4 million USD)

Token Sale cost: 			
Token Sale hard cap:

$0.46 USD/ECOM
45 million ECOM (20.7 million USD)

Token sale will require pre-registration with KYC and $50k USD limit per person.
Following 1st round, unsold tokens will be made available to all those registered with each
individual able to purchase another $50k USD worth of ECOM until sold out.
This will repeat until the 5th round at which point the token sale will end if still not sold out.
In the event that the Token Sale funding cap is not reached, all remaining tokens will be
burned.
Token distribution
The 100,000,000 ECOM will be distributed as described on the next page

Page | 28

Token sale structure
& distribution

50%

Token Sale
Investors

12%

Team &
Advisors

33%

Omnitude
Foundation

5%

Pre-Sale
Investors

Tokens for Pre-Sale investors: 5 million ECOM
Tokens for Token Sale investors: 50 million ECOM
Tokens for core team and advisors: 12 million ECOM
• Team and advisor tokens are vested based on time with
20% being released each year for 5 years.

Page | 29

Use of the token
sales proceeds

The Omnitude Foundation will use all funding received through its share of crowdfunding
proceeds to support ongoing development of the Omnitude ecosystem.
Most of the funding will be used for developer salaries and bounties for open-source
contributions to Omnitude.

AREA

%

OMNITUDE
RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT

5%

OMNITUDE PLATFORM

60%

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

10%

MARKETING

20%

LEGAL

5%

Page | 30

Team Members & Advisors

Chris Painter
Founder

Robert Belgrave
Founder

Jon Harris
Brand Director

Lianne Byrne
Crypto Marketing Advisor

Benjamin Van Every
Blockchain Architect

Ben Bennett
Operations

Gregory Painter
Community Manager

Andrew Starmer
Project Manager

Page | 31

Advisors

Simon Cocking
Advisor

Tiago Henriques
Cybersecurity Advisor

Sahil Gupta
Advisor

Blockchain Mob

Antony Welfare

Michael Donald

The Omnitude Foundation
Omnitude is an open-source project being developed by the Omnitude Foundation,
a UK-based organisation whose mission is to develop and grow the Omnitude ecosystem.
The Omnitude Foundation is the Issuing Authority that grants Omnitude IDs to any party
wishing to participate in the Omnitude ecosystem.
The Omnitude ecosystem codebase will be released under the MIT License to ensure any
network participant can extend and adapt the platform for its specific use cases.
The Omnitude Foundation will be governed by a board of directors composed of no less
than 5 and no more than 10 individuals who are either investors, founders, partners,
advisors or team members of Omnitude.

Page | 32

Adoption, Integration
& Collaboration
Adoption.
Plugins will be developed to integrate most major eCommerce platforms into the Omnitude
blockchain platform’s technology, ensuring adoption is easy.

Integrations and Collaborations.
The key to this technology will be to provide a wide ecosystem of systems, functionality and
options to eCommerce store owners.
Therefore, collaborations with other blockchain technologies will be explored.

Page | 33

Core Principles
Open
Any entity participating in eCommerce (e.g. merchant, customer, supplier, courier, affiliate/
referrer, or Omnitude specialist) will be able to join the Omnitude ecosystem. They will be
granted an OID by the Omnitude Foundation and will run a full or partial node. Depending
on their role, the Omnitude Foundation will assign the appropriate level of access required to
transact in the ecosystem.
Each new full node will improve the security and reliability of the Omnitude ecosystem.
ECOM tokens will provide an economic incentive to secure ecosystem infrastructure, and
serve as the method of settlement between participants to access ecosystem resources.
Omnitude will be a permissioned network where nodes are run by known whitelisted
organizations or individuals. Depending on the role of the participant, the Omnitude
Foundation will assign to that OID the appropriate level of access required to transact in the
ecosystem.

Secure
Additionally, Omnitude will prevent unauthorised parties from ascertaining the identity and
patterns of behaviour of any other participant by inspecting the ledger. Omnitude will allow
ecosystem participants to make certain details of a transaction confidential, so that they
cannot be accessed by anyone other than the stakeholders in the transaction.
Periodically, the Omnitude blockchain will also anchor to transactions on the Bitcoin and
Ethereum blockchains. This will allow Omnitude’s blockchain to benefit from the added
security provided by Bitcoin’s and Ethereum’s consensus algorithms and blockchains.

Transparent
Omnitude will provide deep searchability, backwards in time through many transaction
layers, to fulfil the requirements of retrieving data stored on its blockchain.
Omnitude will use ‘anchoring’, i.e. creation of a proof linking off-ledger data to a Omnitude
blockchain transaction. Through anchoring, this proof can be used to verify data integrity and
timestamp without relying on a trusted authority.

Page | 34

Core Features
Hyperledger
Omnitude will be built on top of Hyperledger, the open source, global, collaborative project
hosted by The Linux Foundation. Hyperledger is a permissioned blockchain protocol which
enables business-to-consumer and business-to-business transactions.
The Hyperledger project has been created to advance cross-industry blockchain technologies,
and is supported by dozens of well-known, leading companies in multiple sectors.
The choice to use Hyperledger will provide the fully-vetted, open source architecture,
and transparency, longevity, interoperability and support, needed to bring Omnitude to
mainstream commercial adoption.
Hyperledger allows for many blockchain networks, and for many network ledgers, each
serving a different goal and without a need for any one network ledger to rely upon any other
network for its core functionality. This level of network independence requires an addressing
system allowing transactions on one ledger to discover and utilize appropriate transactions
and smart contracts on other ledgers.

Identity and auditability
The Omnitude Foundation will manage user OIDs and authenticate all participants on the
network. It will be possible to use access control lists to provide further layers of permission
through authorization of specific network operations. For example, a specific user ID could
be permitted to invoke a smart contract application, but blocked from deploying a new smart
contract.
Omnitude will use a cryptographic certificate to encapsulate a participant’s confidential
data (e.g. Single Identity, Single Reputation, Proof-of-Interaction and Delivery Cycle Data).
This certificate will be registered with the Omnitude Foundation, which will be able to issue
and revoke OIDs. From each OID, the protocol will be able to generate security keys for
participants to transact on the network, concealing the identities of the transacting parties
and providing privacy support to the network.

Private transactions and confidential contracts
If transaction patterns can be observed and interpreted, shared ledgers risk disclosing
confidential details about business relationships that should not be revealed to competitors.
Even a given participant’s relative volume of trade is commercial information that should not
be revealed by a system supporting trade between parties.
Omnitude will conceal identity, transaction patterns, and terms of confidential contacts
from unauthorized third parties by encrypting transactions so only the stakeholders can
decrypt and execute them. In this way Omnitude will allow for competing business interests
(or participants requiring private, confidential transactions) to exist on the same
permissioned network.

Page | 35

Page | 36

The End
of The Beginning

Please note
This document is strictly private, confidential and personal to its recipients and should not be copied, distributed or reproduced in whole
or in part, nor passed to any third party,

Page | 37

