The Rooster
The rooster is a symbol of honesty, new beginnings, prosperity, as well as physical and moral fortitude.
One of the twelve signs in the Chinese zodiac, the rooster is of the yang attributes and signifies fortune,
luck, fidelity, and protection.

2

i. Abstract
Ondori (ticker: RSTR) is a coin that is built off the concept of community involvement. Community is
everything, and when a community works hard to actively share a project, the project can go as far as the
community is willing to take it.
It’s been seen already too many times where individual investors get sucked into the false promises,
glamour, or vapor wear of a project - and we will not be that. We want to give our investors an
opportunity to be a part of a promising project from the start, and with a “don’t talk about it, be about it”
approach, with fair and strategic planning, we offer to do just that. We’ve kept the hype down and
focused on building our brand and action plan instead.
We don’t promise to revolutionize cryptocurrency, nor are we trying to add glitz to the ideas in which we
place before you. Instead, we choose to work hard on a path that will always evolve and will deliver
results without over hyping our efforts. We will build off each success, one after the other.
We will accomplish the mission of being a working coin that we can continue to build upon in the times
ahead. Again we do not want to be one of those coins that sells you on a bunch of promises and under
delivers on them, or in many times, doesn’t deliver at all. We plan to be real and tell you that as our
community grows and the community involvement of spreading our vision grows with it, ultimately, so
will Ondori.
We will thrive on the community’s participation in helping with mass marketing our project to those new
to cryptocurrency and those who are already taking part in it. We need to be open, and willing to share
our knowledge, because it’s so important to give exposure to those outside of cryptocurrency, and we
need to offer an easy entry into it. We want those fresh faces, and we need to work hard in our
community efforts to help push cryptocurrency into the everyday lifestyle. The time is now for the
evolution and Ondori is here to help facilitate that process.

3

ii. Acknowledgements
Ondori would like to give a big thank you to all the cryptocurrencies that laid the path for us to be here. If
it wasn’t for the likes of Bitcoin, Zerocoin, Dash and PIVX sharing their ideas and open source software
with the hopes of global adoption, we wouldn’t have had this opportunity in helping to share in their
efforts.
We’d like to thank PIVX for their most recent contribution with the Zerocoin Proof of Stake system.
Always innovative, we hope to do right by them in utilizing their source code to help with our start.
Like all of those we just acknowledged, we just want to share cryptocurrency with the world. With all of
us coming together to work towards that effort, global adoption is just around the corner.
Lastly, a big thank you to each and every one of you that has chosen to take part in this journey with us,
without you, the evolution would not be happening.

4

iii. Overview
We are at the beginning of a new dawn. The cryptocurrency market is currently filled with many coins
with great ideas. More coins are being added daily. Unfortunately, there is a saturation with coins that
offer no more than one or two features that do not accomplish anything, other than being just a fork of
something else.
While many cryptocurrencies try and lay claim to being something different in their overall plans, many
are simply just on the drawing board with no implementation. While ideas and concepts are great, we
need usability in the market today. At least if anything, we need to be aiming at introducing
cryptocurrency to those who know nothing about it.
Everyone seems to be after dethroning the king (Bitcoin), or trying to take up battle with one another as
the next best altcoin. Ondori doesn’t want to fight other projects, or dethrone anyone. Instead, we feel
there’s plenty of space for many and would like to just work alongside others. We simply want to share
cryptocurrency with the world and open the eyes of many to the usefulness and great potential of it.
Our vision is to be the introduction to the masses into cryptocurrency. Ondori seeks to solve the usability
problem by offering a coin that is fun and rewarding to those who use it. We want to give incentives in
order to create real world usability for peer-to-peer purchases of goods and services, in stores or online,
or as a means of social payments (tips, online gestures, p2p, etc).
Ondori is based on the PIVX platform. We are built on sound technology and a system that will deliver
privacy and security thru masternodes and staking. In addition, we look to also be a trading commodity
on exchanges by being used as a go to pair with other cryptocurrencies available on the market today.
In today’s market, a coin’s success is based on it’s demand and the efforts of the community behind it.
Any coin can outgrow any of its limitations and really can only be limited in growth by the community
behind it. We will be built on our community movement thru social media and a grassroots effort to get
our platform exposed to those who do not know about cryptocurrency. We want to be an entry into
cryptocurrency for those who are new, and a long term holding for all.
We will build a system that will help bring mass adoption on a global scale and we will continue to grow
with the ever increasing demands of the market. We can’t get there alone though and we cannot stress
how much we need the help of the community to share our message and vision for a new era.

5

Our capabilities include, but are not limited to:
●

Private and transparent transaction options

●

Fast, scalable, reliable and secure transactions

●

Reward incentives

●

Global accessibility and ease of use

Continued expansion of the Ondori blockchain to include, but also not limited to:
●

Proof of Transaction

●

Decentralized marketplace

●

Exchange services

●

Atomic Swaps

●

Partnerships with other cryptocurrencies and retailers

The most important part of our development processes will be in the success of expanding the
community to reach everyone in everyday parts of their lives. We plan on an environment that is
engaging and friendly where participation and contributions by everyone in the community is
encouraged and can also be rewarded. A good coin is easy to use and accessible. Ondori is a coin for
everyone and one that will be easy to acquire and be exchanged for goods and services all over the
world.
The early bird gets the worm, so it’s time to rise and shine!

6

Table of Contents
The Rooster
Abstract i
Acknowledgements ii
Overview iii

2
3
4
5

Chapter 1 - Quick Intro to Cryptocurrency
1.1 What is Cryptocurrency?
1.2 What is a Block?
1.3 What is a Blockchain?

9
9
9

Chapter 2 - Welcome to Ondori (rstr.io)
2.1.1 The Ondori Snapshot
2.1.2 The Ondori Mission Statement
2.1.3 The Ondori Vision
2.2 What is Ondori a.k.a. RSTR?

10
10
10
11

Chapter 3 - Ondori Blockchain Parameters.
3.1 - Proof of Stake
3.2 - Zerocoin Protocol (zRST)
3.3 - zPoS
3.4 - Masternodes
3.5 - QuickTX

12
13
14
15
15

Chapter 4 - Ondori Specs
Odori Specs

16

Chapter 5 - Breaking it Down
5.1 - Founders Transparency
5.2 - Premine Distribution
5.3 - Marketing
5.4 - Funding

18
18
19
19

Chapter 6 - Conclusion
6.1 - Road Map
6.2 - Max Coin Supply
6.3 - Summary

20
20
21

Links
References
Disclaimer

22
22
22

Quick Intro to Cryptocurrency

1.1 - What is Cryptocurrency?
Cryptocurrency in essence is digital money created from code. It is a decentralized peer-to-peer digital
cash network that can be used to purchase goods or services for persons or businesses. Cryptocurrency
plans to get rid of the fees people must pay in order to use traditional forms of currency when making
transactions from one person to another in different parts of the world. Without the hassles of a “middle
man”, there is a lot of time and money saved to the business or persons transferring money from one to
another. There are many security advantages over traditional forms of currency as well, in addition,
transactions cannot be reversed randomly by the sender or counterfeited.

1.2 - What is a Block?
A block is where all the information of a recent transaction is stored. It’s a section of a blockchain and is
added to the chain one after the other, and stores the input and output of transactions thus creating a
ledger. A method called Cryptography is used to add these blocks to the blockchain, which makes it
resistant to modifications. Data can be distributed, but not copied. Each new block records the new
information to the chain in a secure and verifiable manner, that is permanent. This chain goes all the way
back to when the blockchain was created at the genesis block.

1.3 - What is a Blockchain?
A cryptocurrency’s ledger is known as a blockchain. It stores and records all activities and transactions
from the past. These records help to validate ownership of the currency at any given point in the
blockchain. A blockchain reverts all the way back to the beginning of the creation with it’s first
transactions. It’s the full history of the cryptocurrency. Like a bank statement, it’s a virtual ledger.
Blockchain technology does not stop with just finances because it can simply be used in many different
operations. Efforts are being worked to adopt blockchain technology in other aspects like proof of
ownership for assets, voting systems, registrations, and much more.
9

Welcome to Ondori (rstr.io)

2.1.1 - The Ondori Snapshot
Ondori is a rapid secure transaction resource for a private peer-to-peer cryptocurrency network.
Inspired by Bitcoin, we will be a growing global decentralized digital currency that will allow you to move
money with lightning fast transactions with minimal to no fees. Simply send and receive Ondori from one
address to the next.

2.1.2 - The Ondori Mission Statement
Our mission is to help bring cryptocurrency that much closer to global mass adoption. One issue that the
market faces today is the ever increasing competition over the cryptocurrency space with blockchain
projects fighting one another, yet they fail to target the most important fight - public adoption. We will
market towards new investors and those outside of the cryptocurrency space with our social media
campaigns and grass roots community efforts. We are a project driven by community, and we can go as
far as our community would like us to go.

2.1.3 - The Ondori Vision
The biggest problem to date is that only a small percentage of the global population knows of or utilizes
cryptocurrency. Our plan is to see Ondori be a part of the solution to this problem by introducing
cryptocurrency to the masses and help with global adoption. We will strategically market and target the
everyday people, doing everyday things in life - work, play and the everyday.
Our vision is to be at the forefront of the effort and to become a decentralized private payment network
that will be used all over the world by the citizens of the world to be able to buy and sell goods or
services peer-to-peer, in stores or over the internet, or on our decentralized private marketplace to
come.

10

2.2 - What is Ondori a.k.a. RSTR?
Ondori is a new beginning and swap option for the Dix Asset (DIX) token owners, and is a new blockchain
that will deliver a rapid and secure transaction resource (RSTR) for peer-to-peer digital payments all
over the world. This new coin will be swapped for their DIX token at a date to be set.
DIX was created in early 2017 as a digital asset token off of the NXT blockchain. A total of 100 billion
DIX tokens were created and circulated. DIX quickly found popularity. With it’s unique choice of name,
many jumped on board simply for the humor in it. Shortly after it was created, the developer ceased
communications and stopped paying dividends to the DIX investors.
The token was abandoned and no purpose was left for investors who stayed committed to holding their
investment. Investors were then subjected to groups that tried to take advantage of their misfortune.
Many were just simply left hopeless.
Ondori was created as a means of giving back to the community that stayed committed to waiting
patiently for some resolution. Due to the DIX token being created by an individual user on the NXT Asset
exchange, there was no way that the token could change possession or be altered in any way to be used
for good. Attempts were made to contact the original creator, but were unsuccessful.
With no other options, and in order to be able to ensure being competitive in an ever growing
cryptocurrency market, Ondori would need to be a new coin on a new blockchain. This initial Ondori
codebase is created from a fork of the latest PIVX source code, which was in turn a fork from the DASH
project. Going back further, the roots can be found with the original Bitcoin Core code.
Ondori is a fun and easy to use decentralized private cryptocurrency that will offer block rewards in the
form of Proof of Stake (PoS) and Masternodes (MN), and in the future we will enable private Proof of
Stake (zPoS). We also will look to implement Proof of Transaction (PoT) which is in development as of
this writing. Similar to how you can receive cash back for using credit cards, PoT will offer incentives to
users who spend. These all will work together to also add additional security to the network.
Ondori enables lightening fast transactions in a fraction of seconds. Being based on a privacy and
anonymity platform, we also allow for the user to choose sending their transactions publicly or privately.
This provides the user with full control of the privacy and anonymity of their transactions. In addition, we
incentivize the use of privacy in order to help keep privacy in the network actually private.
There are many other great plans in place for Ondori, such as a decentralized marketplace, exchange,
mobile apps, future partnership and more. We plan to continue the expansion of the blockchain on the
road ahead.

11

Ondori Blockchain Parameters
3.1 - Proof of Stake
Many cryptocurrencies use a reward system called “Proof of Work” (PoW). In PoW, miners spend their
computer resources to secure the blockchain by creating new blocks and solving cryptographic math
problems, thus being “work”. Miners who create the blocks successfully are rewarded. This system
requires a lot of computation and electricity to do its job, and has been considered to not be
economically friendly due to the wastefulness of energy consumption.
Rather than having miners spend their computer resources to verify the blockchain thru PoW, Ondori
doesn’t require this to generate new coins or secure the network. Instead of PoW, Ondori uses “Proof of
Stake” (PoS). PoS bases the rewards based on how much stake each participant has in the network.
Users must leave some of their coins undisturbed in their wallet and they must be kept online to support
the network. For their participation in validating and processing transactions and blocks, and because a
user has put their coins “at stake” and they can’t be spent, they earn PoS rewards.
These participating nodes receive a portion of the block reward per block. These rewards are a portion of
the total block reward that is also distributed to masternodes. The distribution is currently split 45% to
the PoS and 55% to masternodes. Block rewards will be set with a capped staking system at 774 Ondori
per block. These users who stake also secure the network by increasing the difficulty for someone
owning a majority of coins within it because those coins are not available to be obtained when being held
in wallets.
PoS will require the user to leave coins untouched for 51 blocks (51 minutes). Coins that have not
reached this minimum amount of time are not considered “mature” and are not staking. The user
receives a reward for every time a block is found, and reward time will vary depending on how many
coins the user stakes or how many coins are staked by somebody else. The PoS system does not give
more weight to coins that are older or to users with longer consecutive uptime. The mature balance is
the only weight users have staking. Users can consider each block reward as a lottery with each mature
Ondori as a ticket that increases your chances of winning it.
12

PoS utilizes less computing power and electricity to secure the blockchain versus Bitcoin and other PoW
currencies, making it to be economically friendly and much less in fees. PoS also allows for a greater
decentralization since Ondori nodes can operate inexpensively and there is no need for large centralized
mining farms that you would generally see with many PoW coins.

3.2 - Zerocoin Protocol (zRST)
Bitcoin transactions are public. Each transaction is recorded and everyone has the ability to see who
sent and received what, and for how much. A lot of information is revealed about the owner or sender
and can be used by analytics of blockchain data to guess which addresses belong to what wallets. The
information can then be analyzed for patterns and other data to possibly find out the identities of the
owner. The Ondori protocol is beneficial even if it is simply to not want to allow your personal data to be
analyzed for purchasing patterns to be accumulated and sold without your consent to big corporations
just to make money off of you.
Everybody should have the right to privacy, and there should be some manner of privacy offered to order
to keep these transactions private for our users. The Ondori blockchain utilizes a customized version of
the Zerocoin protocol that we call zRST. Zerocoin is a type of zero-knowledge proof or zero-knowledge
protocol that allows a user to prove specific information without conveying anything other than that they
know what it is. This is the key to providing private transactions. The zRST protocol uses a combination
of coin mixing and zero-knowledge proofs to allow the masking of a user’s balance of Ondori.
Using zRST, we are able to mask a user’s true balance by creating the ability to hold a stealth value that
cannot be easily traced back the user’s wallet. This eliminates a user’s concern about being targeted by
a hacker because of a high balance that may be on their account.
The user has the option to “mint” units of zRST in their wallet. There are specific denominations that are
set up in zRST for this process. When user decides to send zRST, the person on the receiving end gets
Ondori, and they receive it without anyone knowing where it came from, anonymously. This security is
granted by methods of stealth addresses.
With stealth addresses, both the sending and receiving wallets would be impossible to trace. When
implemented, this is a very powerful tool for any cryptocurrency. This protocol allows users to be
assured that their transactions cannot be traced, and uses stealth address and encrypted message to
ensure anonymity. The stealth address feature is incorporated into all wallets in the Ondori network.
(please visit Zerocoin protocol and PIVX zPIV technical paper for more information)

13

Consider the following example of a zRST transaction from buyer to seller

3.3 - zPoS
Ondori will plan to enable zPoS in the future. This gives incentives to users to stake their coins in their
private wallet as zPoS. This is privacy and PoS together as one. Users can hold in their private wallets
and earn regular returns on it, thus allowing for the freedom for the user to own a private balance and
earn rewards securely and privately without the prying eyes by those up to no good that would utilize the
user’s data for their own purposes. Users utilizing zPoS would earn a higher portion of the block reward
as an incentive for more private participation in the network in order to keep anonymity and security of
the network higher.
In addition, the conversion of Ondori to zRST does require a small minting fee, but the increase in stake
reward also helps to offset the cost. Because using zRST does require a bit more work, the users that are
involved should be rewarded for the extra effort. zPoS is a system that is another leap for decentralized
cryptocurrency technology, and we have been lucky enough to have had the opportunity shared with us
to now share with you.

14

3.4 - Masternodes
Ondori masternodes (MNs) provide the extra services of instant transactions and the processing of zRST
private transactions in the network (see Zerocoin Protocol). MNs differ from normal nodes in that it
offers the useful functions of facilitating instant transactions (QuickTX), can be able to offer itself as an
instrument for governance and management of the blockchain if needed, and allowing it to be possible
to help with budgeting and treasury. In addition, owning a MN is a great opportunity for passive income.
The ability to set up and operate an Ondori MN can be done by anyone with 3,000,000 Ondori. The MN
will need to be kept online (24/7) and adds additional performance, reliability and security to the
blockchain. These can be run on any port and multiple MNs can use the same IP address. Thru the
Ondori wallet, MNs can be monitored to check on status and transactions.
Ondori MN owners maintain the integrity of the blockchain and help in the growth and value of the
blockchain over time. In addition, we can’t stress enough how much the MNs help to secure the network
from 51% and other attacks. For this service, MNs share in a percentage of each block reward with PoS
and zPoS.
The current reward structure is set as follows: PoS (45%) and MN (55%). We will be working on
development to allow MNs to get paid the transaction and minting fees to balance the higher reward
given to zPoS when it is enabled. In due time, the transaction fee payouts would be dropped and moved
to being burned, where the MNs would then be able to earn the fees from the decentralized marketplace
or exchange to take its place.
To set up a MN, a user must lock in a 3,000,000 Ondori collateral which can be done in the wallet. MNs
can be set up to be run via a Virtual Private Server (VPS), on a PC, or even a Raspberry Pi. Ondori MNs
will support IPv6 and multiple MNs can be run on a properly sized IPv6 enabled VPS. For those that
cannot operate their own MN, shared MNs can be set up with our future third party partners. MNs can be
stopped at anytime by the owner. Those taking part in future shared nodes will need to abide by the
termination rules set forth by the host.
For additional privacy, MNs can be set up to also be run using Tor/Onion routers. In order to conceal and
protect user information, onion routing is used by Tor, bouncing communication around the distributed
network of relays that are run globally. The use of Tor encrypts all network traffic, and the users IP
address and data cannot be accessed.

3.5 - QuickTX
Working through the network of masternodes, QuickTX is near instant transactions where the
transactions are confirmed within seconds. These transactions do not need multiple confirmations like
other cryptocurrencies before they are spendable.
15

Ondori Specs
Algorithm

PoS 3.0 Bitcoin Core 0.10.x

Swap Ratio (DIX:RSTR)

1:1 (Day 1-5 for snapshot eligible), 2:1 (Day, 6-12) for
those eligible

Circ Supply (from DIX eligible to swap)

~40 billion + 10 billion pre-mine

Max Supply

No cap (option to modify in future)

Privacy

Custom Zerocoin Protocol (zRST)

zRST Mint Time

>=0.5 seconds

zRST Spend Time

>=2.5 seconds

Fees (mint)

0.01 Ondori per minted zRST denomination

Fees (spend)

No fees to spend zRST back to Ondori

Min Ondori confirmations required to mint zRST

6

Min zRST confirmations required to spend

20

Block size

2 MB

Blocktime

60 seconds

Transactions Per Second (TPS)

173

Transaction Confirmations (Minimum)

6

Minimum Stake Age

60 minutes

Wallet Status

Must be kept online running

QuickTX

1 confirm for locking and 6 confirms to spend with
collateral held for 15 minutes

16

Transaction Confirmations (MN/Staking rewards)

51

Block Reward

774

Block Reward Split PoS:

45% PoS (348.3 Ondori), 55% MN (425.7 Ondori)

Block Reward Split zPoS

TBA

*1-5% allocation from PoS or zPOS or MN when PoT initiated (under development)

Yearly Emissions

406,814,400

Monthly Emissions

33,901,200

Daily Emissions

1,114,560

Hourly Emissions

46,440

Masternode Collateral

3,000,000

RPC Port

22619

Peer to Peer Port

22620

Number of Active MNs (MAX)

Estimated 33,333

Pre-mine: 10% (10 billion) allocated to: 30% Founders and 70% Treasury (exchange, dev, marketing, etc)
In development:
• zPoS TBA
• Proof of Transaction (PoT)
• Allocating ALL transaction and zRST minting fees to be paid to MNs
*After opening of D-Ex, or marketplace, switched to ALL burned

17

Breaking It Down
5.1 - Founders Transparency

In February 2018, an effort was launched by an original founder to create a new coin for the DIX
community. To help facilitate this process, two additional founders were brought on board. During this
time, the founders had an option to either invest and purchase tokens at very low prices, or instead
invest into the DIX community. The founders chose the community.
The founders have used their personal time, money, and resources on the DIX and Ondori project.
Investments could have been made at early-low pricing that could have easily surpassed the founders
pre-mine, and because of this, it was agreed that a 3% (3 billion) out of the 10% total pre-mine would be
split 3 ways to each Ondori founder at 1% (1 billion) a piece. This is a fair amount when compared to the
existing top 10 wallets on the DIX distribution list.
The founders pre-mine will be locked up for a minimum of 45 days from the date of deposit, and some of
the balance will be used in masternodes to help secure the network.
The founders would like to stress that all efforts have been in the best interest of the DIX community and
the Ondori coin since the beginning of the project. Going forward that will not change.

5.2 - Premine Distribution
3 billion split to 3 founders, some to be locked in MN to help secure network. (3%)
7 billion to be placed in treasury fund for future dev, marketing, exchange and other market
development use. Wallet address will be public. (7%)

18

5.3 - Marketing
One of the biggest opportunities will be in marketing. Every project needs good marketing in order to
bring new members to the community and to help get people excited about blockchain technology.
There is no way to succeed and get closer to our vision and goals if we do not work hard together to help
educate others about our project and community.
Some of the ideas that we will be doing are, but not limited to:
●

Random reward and bounty campaigns

●

Social media campaigns (FB, Twitter, IG, Pinterest, etc)

●

Team Ondori and Ondori Ambassadors program

●

YouTube partnerships (video reviews and/or promotions)

●

Ondori media initiatives (commercials, videos, memes, gifs, etc)

5.4 - Funding
In the future, Ondori will be funded by a self funding treasury program that is built into the block rewards
at 10% each block. In addition, there will also be other funding programs to come, such as, but not
limited to:
●

7% pre-mine for initial treasury set up.

●

Ondori “store” set up to accept “donations”. Depending on donation level, in return, specific donation levels
will receive Ondori merchandise or apparel as “gift”. While a portion must cover overhead and continued
supply, the remaining percentage will be allocated to the treasury fund.

●

Future masternode hosting will be in development. This will allow us to provide MN hosting to users and
have the funding allocated back to pay for the services and continue funding the treasury.

●

Community donations and donation drives will be set up to help with future Ondori initiatives.

Although a cryptocurrency should not be a business, we believe that it must be treated like one in order
to allow for continued growth thru funding. If you don’t have funding available for the project, you will
slowly loose traction and unfortunately not be able to go very far.

19

Conclusion
6.1 - Road Map
We have been asked if we will have a Road Map. The answer is no, we will not. We aim to follow in the
same footsteps and philosophies as those like Bitcoin, Digibyte and others. We just plan to
underpromise and over deliver. We do not believe in hype or over glorifying what we plan to do. We will
deliver a coin that will work and be a foundation for us to build upon in the future to come.
Some of our plans in the future include listing on more exchanges, Proof of Transaction, a decentralized
marketplace, exchange services, atomic swaps, mobile apps, future partnerships with other
cryptocurrencies, retailers and vendors. As always, we however will not give dates and just do our best
on delivering them as we grow.

6.2 - Max Coin Supply
We have opted to go without a capped supply at this time. The reason is because our goal is to see users
be incentivized to make transactions and spend their Ondori, versus just holding on to it. PoS rewards
help to do just that. Currently the emissions are set up so that supply would increase slowly enough each
year at a rate where even reaching a total supply of 100 billion would take roughly more than 20 years to
happen.
To be a digital currency, we need the supply to increase and be subject to inflation, without having price
be directly affected by cap. Things like masternodes will be affordable in the future because Ondori price
should not increase astronomically. Those who start now and hold Ondori in wallets or in masternodes
will be the ones to benefit directly, instead of a centralized platform being the benefactor like you would
see in your typical day to day.
It does not mean in the future, we do not slow inflation down by reducing numbers or implementing new
features (such as the transaction fee burning after the marketplace or exchange release), or changing
and implementing a cap. This is just a working solution to get us started.
20

6.3 - Summary
Ondori was launched without the hype and no marketing. Our focus was on the community that existed
prior who had been taken advantage of numerous times. We wanted to ensure that we offered a
promising project with a fair start. We are a coin that will be fueled by community involvement to help
spread our project to the masses. We are based on honesty, integrity, and doing what’s right.
We are built on sound technology and our plan is to be at the forefront of the efforts and to become a
decentralized private payment network that will be used all over the world by the citizens of the world to
be able to buy and sell goods or services peer-to-peer, in stores or over the internet, or on our
decentralized private marketplace to come.
Our first mission was to bring joy and hope back to those who lost it, and now it’s time for our next
mission. Our vision is to see Ondori be a part of helping to bring adoption of cryptocurrency global by
bringing attention to those in work, play and everyday areas of life. We hope to see you be a part of
helping us fulfill this vision.

21

Links
Website: https://www.rstr.io | https://www.ondori.io
Discord: https://discord.gg/x6dwYZg
Telegram: https://t.me/ondoricoin
Twitter: https://twitter.com/ondoricoin
Facebook: https://facebook.com/ondoricoin
Reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/ondoricoin/
Github: https://github.com/ondori-project
Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCk7X317faZ9fW8jH1s9uzuw/videos
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/ondoricoin

Resources
http://zerocoin.org/media/pdf/ZerocoinOakland.pdf
https://pivx.org/zpiv/
https://pivx.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/PIVX-purple-paper-Technincal-Notes.pdf
https://medium.com/@averagejoecrypto/masternodes-risk-vs-reward-6ca41eccfb08
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tor_(anonymity_network)

Disclaimer
Note: Ondori (RSTR) reserves the right to update this white paper at any time. Please visit the https://rstr.io or https://ondori.io for updated
versions of this white paper.
The white paper is for informational purposes only. There is no guarantees or promises implied on investment predictions or financial gains.
We reserve the right to make any changes if and when necessary. No purchase is necessary and all users are free to participate in the RSTR
project or not. Please be sure to do your own research as it is your responsibility to review all laws in your country prior to purchasing Ondori
(RSTR) or joining the community. All terms of the Ondori (RSTR) document must be understood and accepted prior to your involvement with
the project. Always remember to only invest what you are willing to lose.
© RSTR 2018 © Ondori 2018

22

