Public Blockchain White Paper
A Universal Blockchain Protocol Enabling Cross-ledger
Access through Business Modularization

v2.0

Table of Contents
1 Overview of OneLedger
1.1 Context and Mission of OneLedger

3

2 System Functions
2.1 Smart Identity Management Platform
2.2 Blockchain Service
2.3 Chaincode Service
2.4 Programming Interface

6
6
7
7

3 OneLedger Extendable Interface

8

4 OneLedger Architecture
4.1 OneLedger Business Center
4.2 OneLedger Consensus Protocol
4.2.1 Business Logic Modularization
4.2.2 OneLedger Consensus Protocol Hierarchy
4.2.3 OneLedger Business Initialization
4.2.4 OneLedger Channel Consensus
4.2.5 OneLedger Public Chain Consensus
4.2.6 Sidechain Consensus Algorithm
4.2.7 Arbitration Mechanism
4.2.8 Block Structure

9
11
11
12
13
13
15
16
18
18

5. Use Cases

19

6. Token Economics

21

7. OLT Token Distribution

23

8. Team

24

9. Advisors

26

1

Overview of OneLedger

An Interoperable Blockchain Protocol Built for Business
OneLedger is a cross-ledger agnostic protocol that enables high-performance scaling using a
sharded and modified practical Byzantine Fault Tolerant consensus scheme -- which allows for either
a permissionless or permissioned setting. By coupling public key infrastructure (PKI) with identity
management, nodes (and node operators) will have a defined trust hierarchy that allows them to
participate in the consensus of the OneLedger chain or any sidechain. OneLedger sidechains can be
synchronized with the current state of other networks (Ethereum, Bitcoin, etc.). Any cryptocurrency
that supports hashed time lock contracts (HTLC) and payment channels could be deposited into
an account or address with the amount credited onto the OneLedger sidechain. This allows for a
scalable and transparent solution that is off the main network or chain and is now off-loaded to the
OneLedger sidechain. An arbitrary number of transactions between users can occur on a OneLedger
sidechain prior to the final user requesting a withdrawal of their balance from the hashed time lock
address / account on the main chain to the address / account of their choice. Essentially, OneLedger
provides a scalable `off-chain` solution from any main chain and offloads the consensus to the
corresponding OneLedger sidechain which inherits all of the properties of the OneLedger protocol.
By using role control with PKI, enterprises can also launch their own permissioned sidechains.
Businesses will be able to define the precise role of node operators that participate on their sidechain.
In addition, by utilizing OneLedger’s unified framework, companies can develop their distributed
ledger technology application with a single codebase and simultaneously launch their product across
multiple infrastructure networks of their choosing.

1.1 Context and Mission of OneLedger
From small business owners to enterprises, OneLedger’s mission is to simplify businesses’ adoption
of blockchain technology and its integration into their specific business applications and products.
Through OneLedger, both businesses and individuals can leverage the platform to create both public
and private blockchains with their own uniquely-identified network consensus. With the use of role
control, enterprises can also separate read and write access on their permissioned network. Some
industries, like healthcare, require people with the appropriate roles to view certain records. In
addition, businesses will be able to create and manage their own community-owned digital wallet and
credit system.
3

By leveraging the platform’s provided blockchain-based business tools, modern-day companies can
efficiently and effectively adapt their business models to our blockchain technology.
Part of the foundation of OneLedger’s protocol is its use of public key authentication which allows
for the creation of personal accounts with highly configurable digital wallets, credit systems, and
arbitration mechanisms. The OneLedger digital wallet provides individuals and institutions the abilities
of a modern-day digital wallet with the normal functions such as deposits, withdrawals, and payment,
as well as the additional benefit of being able to trade and purchase services across multi-business
networks. By maintaining a digital identity on the OneLedger platform, businesses and consumers
can accumulate a credit score through the transaction and behavior within the network. OneLedger
arbitration mechanism can create the arbitration basis by supervising all transaction history and
execution process.
OneLedger supports consensus across different blockchains; the ability to expand and query
data in other chains is made possible through compatibility with other blockchain networks by
leveraging side-chains.

4

The OneLedger value network is composed of various levels of service regions and business
logic. All transaction data and real source records are written into distributed nodes by an open
source validation mechanism of data sharing through the blockchain underlying protocol. The real
data becomes more simplistic and reliable through the enablement of IPFS protocol. Individuals
participating in business activities can effectively become their own smart contract performers and
data sharing peer. Safety and reliability of transactions is further promoted and ensured through the
common data validation mechanism. OneLedger forms a realizable and verifiable blockchain network
which is modularized from real-world functionality, based on the sharing and immunity mechanisms
provided by blockchain techniques.

5

2

System Functions

2.1 Smart Identity Management Platform
Managing an identity, pseudonymous or otherwise, across multiple distributed networks can be done
by assigning a master private / public key-pair to an identity. This master key-pair can then be used to
associate any other public keys to this identity by digitally signing a message with the private key of
the master key-pair. OneLedger offers a universal identity solution to keep track of users’ assets that
are stored on multiple distributed databases. In addition, OneLedger provides a way for one identity
to assign a trust value to another one, thus creating a hybrid decentralized “web of trust” combined
with PKI.

2.2 Blockchain Services
With OneLedger, anyone can launch a side-chain to run on the OneLedger consensus protocol. This
side-chain can be permissioned or permissionless. In the case of permissioned, a user can use
OneLedger’s Smart Identity Management System and search for identities with a particular trust rating
and who provide infrastructure services, i.e. node operators that may store or validate distributed
ledgers, and assign particular identities to various roles in order to maintain the side-chain. Also,
any public distributed ledger, regardless of its consensus protocol, that supports hashed-time lock
contracts and payment channels can be synchronized with a corresponding OneLedger side-chain.

6

2.3 Chaincode Service
Often, businesses or individuals may wish to deploy dAPPs on multiple platforms. As such,
developers have to write and deploy smart contracts on each platform of choice, potentially in multiple
languages. OneLedger is developing an SDK that eases this process of porting and deploying smart
contracts across multiple platforms. OneLedger’s SDK will allow for users to define a “master smart
contract” that specifies the smart contract written in each language of choice. The developer can then
launch the dAPP on multiple platforms at once by specifying the desired platforms within the master
smart contract.

2.4 Programming Interface
The primary client-side interface is a REST API allowing applications to register users, query the
blockchain, and issue transactions. A set of APIS are made available for chaincode to directly interact
with the stack to execute transactions and query transaction results.
The service-side programming interface is a business portal for users to effortlessly build business
models and functions to project real world functions onto blockchain.

7

3 OneLedger Extendable Interface
We will develop an extendable interface that is fast, safe, extendable and agnostic, allowing for easy
deployment of decentralized applications (DApps) and cross-ledger communication. At its core, the
purpose of the extendable blockchain interface is to effectively access and communicate across
multiple ledgers.

8

4

OneLedger Architecture

This decentralized framework changes the basis upon how applications are built by ultimately unifying
and realizing the real world into its blockchain parallel.

4.1 OneLedger Business Center
OneLedger will develop tools within the business portal, enabling users with any level of blockchain
experience to map their business module onto the blockchain, generate chaincode through
developer-defined modules, and tag the process throughout the flow. The Extendable OneLedger
API will help in transforming business models into blockchain applications through modularity. For
example, OneLedger will connect businesses with independent module developers and provide
suggestions for the development of a seamless plugin that integrates multiple modules for particular
business flows. For instance, a shopping plugin on OneLedger can be split into multiple components,
i.e. a catalog, a cart, order submission, shipping, payment, etc. All of these modules can be built by
different developers and integrated together to create a bespoke shopping flow plugin.
The platform will enable users to set up their own service agreement in both a transparent and fair
manner.
9

Through the platform’s portal business tools, the originator can then quickly set up the agreement
and service template in circulation such as supply chain, law service agreements, and distribution
agreements. The originator may assign a public identity to a group and can also define roles to
individual identities or to all public identities in a group created by the originator. At the same time, the
circulation defines the implementation of the agreement in order to ensure the interests of the parties
involved are accounted for. Once completed, this service or agreement would be translated into a
Solidity contract or other chaincode. Once the circulation starts, all parties involved immediately binds
the participant to circulate and execute in the form of an intelligent contract.
The principal tools of the OneLedger Business Application Development Kit are listed below:

1. Digital Asset: The initiator can define assets in both the flow and process including financial,
production, or content assets;
2. Module: Contains complex business logic. Includes aggregation of workflow and process; and
3. Workflow/Process: Basic unit used to build a module - function that can be executed based
on OneLedger protocol to complete certain tasks including transaction with crossing blockchain,
business flow mapping, and runtime data synchronization.

10

4. Role Access Control: The decentralized signature system will sign and validate the user together
with the associated identifier information whether it be password, organization information, or role;
once validated, access information can be packed into the payload and delegated to modules.
5. Transaction: Runtime environment for asset and its workflow/process where a transaction can come
across from different blockchains based on OneLedger protocol.
6. Channel: A P2P channel with emphasis on speed and security to connect two nodes within a single
or multiple blockchains.
7. Connector: Enterprise-level integration tool for various Business regions; connector integrates
OneLedger Public Blockchain data with existing centralized commercial network, and establishes a
hybrid application combining blockchain and centralized services.

4.2 OneLedger Consensus Protocol
4.2.1 Business Logic Modularization

11

Business Logic will use a configurable role-based consensus methodology leveraging hierarchical
grouping similar to the Merkle Tree. The role will be determined by business participants. Each role is
linked to an independent node that participates in consensus; business logic will then determine how
each role is fed into node data. The role consensus is subject to second level verification. Through
their defined key and digital signature, Users can becorrectly linked to their role in the business. This
enables transparency and traceability, allowing identification of the user who had written data onto the
Blockchain, and their respective role.

4.2.2 OneLedger Consensus Protocol Hierarchy
We define a Three Layer Consensus concept to enable OneLedger to integrate effectively between
different Blockchain products.

12

4.2.3 OneLedger Business Initialization
The Three Layer Consensus begins with a Business Initialization where a contract is defined to
indicate the roles and their respective behaviours of business participation. The contract defined for
the business model is a generalized contract which will be compiled and generated to a contract
recognizable and executable for different underlying public blockchains, such as Bitcoin and
Ethereum. The generated contract will then be deployed with a proper method for nodes within
OneLedger running different blockchain code. In Ethereum nodes, the contract is executed in the form
of a Smart Contract, and in Bitcoin nodes, the contract is replicated from the genesis contract when
nodes are created.

4.2.4 OneLedger Channel Consensus
OneLedger proposes a concept of Channel Consensus to execute interactions (transaction or any
business behavior) between roles as defined in the contract. These roles can come from either one
or two business models. When new block data wants to record any action conducted, a sidechain
consensus (Details in 4.4.2) based on Byzantine Fault Tolerant Partial Synchronization is conducted
within the channel among all its participants. This Sidechain Consensus will require all participants
to vote, and Sidechain Consensus is reached upon more than ⅔ agreement among voters. If the
Channel crosses two different business models in the Sidechain, Sidechain Consensus is achieved by
counting votes of participants of each model. Channel Consensus is achieved only after both models
have reached consensus. Note that when the consensus is achieved in the Channel, the written block
data is broadcasted to all nodes in this channel and stored.

13

Contracts without a defined role are considered general contracts where the Channel concept does
not apply. Consensus can only be reached throughout the entire blockchain network.

A vote message structure
Since nodes can be assigned to different channels and blocks are stored based on channels, the
blockchain height on nodes can differ. The implementation of Resilient Distributed Blocks (RDB) allows
the system to trace the lineage relation of each block in sidechains with the help of the Merkle Tree
reference stored in the reference field of the block data.

14

4.2.5 OneLedger Public Chain Consensus
OneLedger Sidechain Consensus helps initiate transfers between public chains. When a transfer
between public chains is requested, the pre-consensus step is conducted in the OneLedger
Sidechain, and a pre-consensus block (the N9 block in the previous diagram) will drive a proposal
to the public chain. The proposal will be voted by validators of the public chain to validate the lock
or unlock action for assets on the public chain. If the proposal is returned successfully from both
public chains, the pre-consensus block will be committed. Once ⅔ of the sidechain nodes commit
this block, it will be finalized in OneLedger. Transactions across public chains are made available
due to OneLedger’s use of a hybrid combination of federation and drive chain to make it possible to
synchronize between public chains and OneLedger.

15

4.2.6 Sidechain Consensus Algorithm
The Sidechain Consensus algorithm consists of two phases. The first phase is a “Round Based PreConsensus” to get a Consensus Proposal that more than 2/3 of the node in the scope has agreed
with. The scope will be within the channel if a channel is used; alternatively, the scope will be all
nodes if a channel is bypassed. All functionalities binded by the contract will be executed in the
Pre-Consensus phase. A round consists of three steps where time allocated to each step is evenly
distributed in thirds. A node is chosen to propose a block broadcasted through its scope. All nodes
receiving the proposed block will pre-vote based on their respective contract. The broadcasted prevote is collected by nodes in the scope, and once more than ⅔ of the pre-votes are collected in a
node, it will pre-commit the proposed block. If a node didn’t receive enough pre-votes in the round
time, a new round with more time will begin until a pre-commit is achieved. In the second phase,
the Pre-Consensus block will drive to the public chain if the proposal is a cross public chain. In this
case, each node will validate that exactly one committed Pre-Consensus Proposal is signed by more
than 2/3 of the nodes in the scope. Once validated, the block is broadcasted and the previous block
is finalized.

16

17

4.2.7 Arbitration Mechanism
Since only partial consensus within a channel is achieved, a participant in the channel can ask for
arbitration when concerns are raised. When arbitration is requested, a consensus bypass within the
channel will be conducted for all participants in OneLedger.

4.2.8 Block Structure

OneLedger will use a block hash of the previous block to link the blockchain, and verify through the
use of the Merkle tree root. The Network Type field will record if this block is either stored in the
Ethereum or Bitcoin node. We introduce a RDB concept where each block is distributed and stored in
OneLedger sidechains and referenced by the reference hash to the node in Merkle tree lineage.

18

5 OneLedger: Use Cases
OneLedger’s protocol and interface enables interaction with an arbitrary number of core infrastructure
networks in a highly scalable manner. Numerous use cases can come from this interoperability;
however we describe one primary use case: a cross-chain decentralized exchange.
To begin, our protocol uses the notion of hash timelocks contracts (HTLC). A hash timelock contract
is a combination of a hashlock and a timelock. A hashlock is a restriction on a receiving address or
account in that the owner must publicly reveal a piece of data in order to lift the restriction. Likewise,
a timelock on a transaction restricts the time when a transaction can be spent. By combining these
two pieces, a HTLC allows for cross-chain transactions. Thus, a user will deposit into an account or
address and then be credited the corresponding amount on OneLedger. The user can then trade this
asset between any other asset type and not be limited to the “normal” base pair markets of Bitcoin or
Ethereum. As users trade, their account on the corresponding sidechain on OneLedger is credited
accordingly, and they can choose to withdraw their new coins to an address of their choice at any
time, i.e. by spending the HTLC.
We note that because of sharding and the use of sidechains, the number of trades that can occur in
a small time can be exceedingly high. This fact stems from the idea that if a user trades Litecoin for
Dogecoin (within the OneLedger framework), then this transaction only has communication between
the Dogecoin and Litecoin sidechains and does not affect the performance, for instance, of the Bitcoin
or Ethereum sidechains.
OneLedger is more than a cross-ledger decentralized exchange. With the use of smart contracts
and our business integration APIs, we will make the process of on-boarding businesses to use
distributed ledger technologies for their particular applications, whether it be supply chain / inventory
management, accounting, digitization of assets, etc., much easier.
Other use cases of OneLedger include:
• ability to move business traffic into sidechain with high performance
• ability to deploy and migrate DApp with ease
• enablement of cross-chain access and consensus through OneLedger protocol
• standardized communication between DApps within OneLedger protocol

19

• asset identification and transparent flow such as asset registration, donation process
• BaaS offering to help users create business modules with open source DApps within the business
portal ie. Supply chain and eCommerce flow (Catalog, cart could be built as service and hooked up
flexibly)
• help businesses and individuals with AI support and flow optimization
• transparency and traceability of process through tagging of business flows

20

6 Token Economics
1 billion OLT tokens will be premined. Each OLT token will initially be mapped to one corresponding
ERC20 token so early adopters of OLT can use them on Ethereum ecosystem as the OneLedger
ecosystem is being developed.
As the OneLedger ecosystem matures, there are three major participants in the OneLedger
token economics: users, network supporters (nodes), and developers. OneLedger will also build a
marketplace, which is a decentralized application on OneLedger platform.
Users
Users, including businesses, need to pay a network fee to nodes to use any services on the
OneLedger platform. They can either acquire OLT tokens from other token holders, or they can run a
node themselves to start acquiring tokens to reuse for business use cases. Users might need to pay
OLT tokens to access services sold in the marketplace based on the distribution smart contract set by
the developers.
Network Supporters (Nodes)
Network supporters (nodes) will receive OLT tokens as network fees. In the early phase, OneLedger’s
software will allow everyone to run a node. After a period of time, a staking amount may be
established to ensure commitment and quality of the network.
Developers
Developers will range from individual contributors, to enterprise teams, to consulting firms. Developers
need OLT tokens to deploy their modules to OneLedger platform. They can submit modules and
code to OneLedger Marketplace with a smart contract that defines the terms of sale. For instance,
these services can be free, or users need to pay developers a one-time fee to unlock the service, or
developers can even implement the smart contract as a subscription business model so users will
need to pay OLT tokens monthly to keep accessing the services. Additionally, OneLedger will give
a development grant to the best developers and most qualified projects by leveraging the 25% of
tokens reserved for the community.

21

OneLedger will use the 25% community reserved tokens only to benefit the growth of the ecosystem.
Besides incentivizing developers, OneLedger can also leverage the tokens for community
engagement such as managing events and funding development workshops. OneLedger will focus
on building a healthy blockchain development ecosystem that developers will enjoy and see the
value in contributing to.

22

7 OLT Token Distribution

23

8 Team
David Cao

Founder & CEO

David is the Founder and CEO of OneLedger. With over 3 years of blockchain experience and over
10 years of enterprise architect experience, David worked on a magnitude of technical projects for
several Fortune 500 enterprises. He also worked at IBM Toronto Lab on the development of DB2 and
WebSphere Commerce core engine. As a specialist in supply chain, payments, e-commerce, and as an
experienced J2EE enterprise architect, David has helped large enterprises grow exponentially,
including Home Depot, Sears, and Toshiba. David is an active member in both the Hyperledger and
blockchain community.

Bob Binns

Chief Strategy Officer

Bob is a recognized innovator, providing strategic consulting services for companies managing change
and/or seeking growth. He has held executive level positions in companies including IBM, Bank
of Montreal, Microsoft and Unisys Corporation. Bob was a driving force on several major business
transformation initiatives across multiple industries – from the conception and launch of start-up
ventures to the successful transformation of companies facing business or dramatic growth. He has
also been CEO of global private software companies including customized software, SaaS, and Cloud
offerings, two of which were subsequently acquired. Bob is a mathematics graduate of Queen’s
University and has studied extensively at Harvard Business School (Program for Sustainable
Competitive Advantage), Kennedy School of Government and Queen program for Public Executives.
He has served on the Boards of Junior Achievement, Ottawa and the Information Technology
Association of Canada (ITAC).

Edwin Zhang

Co-founder & Managing Director

Edwin is a veteran in the blockchain startup and investment space. He is a former Software
Engineering Lead spearheading blockchain-related R&D for TribalScale – an innovation firm
specializing in emerging technologies. Edwin has a vast technical background as both a blockchain
developer, with Solidity and Ethereum smart contract development experience, and software
developer. He brings to the table extensive investment experience backed by a technical foundation,
and a wide global reach within the cryptocurrency community.

24

Paul W. Homer

Chief Technology Officer

Paul has spent the last 25 years designing and building commercial and enterprise software
for companies both large and small. His experience includes startups, the financial industry and
healthcare. Last year he worked on adding historic support to Tendermint. He has been following
blockchain progress for years and has an interest in Byzantine Fault tolerance as it relates to his past
experiences with building distributed systems. He’s been writing and exploring software development
issues for over a decade, both in his own blog and as contributions to the 97 Things series.

Alex Lan

Co-Founder & Blockchain R&D

Alex is a data science expert. He holds a master’s degree in Computer Science with an emphasis on
machine learning and big data application. Alex is a former Business Intelligence Engineer at Amazon,
and is currently a Data Engineer at an industry-leading innovations company with a breadth of big data
resources. Alex became exceptionally passionate about Blockchain technology after he realized that it
can potentially disrupt every industry. He has gained extensive experience in blockchain protocol and
consensus algorithm development.

Stephen Li

VP of Engineering

Stephen is a senior software developer and a subject-matter expert in distributed application
innovation. He is a former senior consultant for Morgan Stanley and Deutsche Bank. He also worked in
IBM and Microsoft. Stephen has a deep understanding of both frontend and backend systems through
development and architecture, and has an interest in the application of high-performance computing.
He is also embracing the blockchain revolution and has become an expert in Solidity smart contract
development on Ethereum.

Lester Li

Blockchain Engineer

Lester Li is a Full Stack Engineer who has been involved in the technology space for more than 10
years. Early in his career, he developed security network layers and managed end-to-end encryption
mechanisms. He then ventured into telecom networks building high-performance customized product
systems. He is a former Nokia senior engineer where he participated in information security, cloud
computing and other innovative projects. He is also an open source community contributor and
blockchain enthusiast. He has gained extensive experience in Ethereum JSON-RPC interface and
smart contract development.

25

9 Advisors
Trevor Koverko

CEO of Polymath

Trevor is one of Canada’s most successful angel investors with early positions in ShapeShift.io, Luminex
and Royalty Exchange among several others. As of lately, Trevor has been focusing all his attention
on blockchain – having bought into Bitcoin in 2012, he’s continued to seed and advise crypto-based
companies and ICOs including the Ethereum project. Trevor is currently the CEO of Digital
Assets International, and the CEO of Polymath Network – the first decentralized marketplace for
tokenized securities.

Matthew Niemerg

Distributed Ledger Technology & Security Advisor

Matthew is a former IBM Center of Excellence Postdoctoral Fellow in High Performance Computing at
Oak Ridge National Laboratory. Matthew has been involved in the blockchain space since 2014 and
provides consultation related to security and consensus models, cryptographic schemes, and business
development for blockchain-based projects.

Jor Law

Founder at VerifyInvestor.com & Homeier Law PC

Jor is a pioneer in building out the ecosystem for digitizing and trading securities on the blockchain
and other distributed ledger technologies. A corporate, finance, and securities attorney, he is most
well-known for his expertise in alternative finance, including EB-5, venture capital, crowdfunding, and
initial coin offerings (ICOs). He is a co-founder of VerifyInvestor.com, the dominant accredited investor
verification service in the world and a founding shareholder of Homeier Law PC. He is an expert on
attracting and verifying accredited investors.

26

Mervyn Chng

ICO Advisor & Partner at Gwei Capital

​Mervyn graduated with a degree in Banking and Finance from Nanyang Business School in Singapore
before fast tracking a management career. He served as General Manager for an oil trading firm
managing 50 million USD in revenues before making the career switch to cryptocurrency. As managing
partner and CIO at his venture firm, he focuses on infrastructure and “fat protocols” with early stage
multi million dollar investments in RChain, Zilliqa, Bluzelle, Elastos, Dragonchain, POA, Wanchain, Theta,
Chainlink and others like Quantstamp, Gifto, Kyber Network. With years of Cryptocurrency experience,
he specializes in helping projects through the entire ICO process from whitepaper to token sales
structure and connections with the top influencers, reviewers, funds and exchanges. In his spare time,
he serves as a community cooperator for the RChain Coop.

Reuben Loo

APAC Advisor & Partner at MW Partners

Reuben is a Partner in MW Partners, a consulting firm focused exclusively on blockchain-enabled
projects. With connections to a diversified base of investors located globally, Reuben is able to connect
projects to smart, connected funds on a short notice. He is also an Advisor for Loom Network, a
Platform as a Service built on top of Ethereum that allows developers to run large-scale decentralized
applications and HybridBlock, a Cryptocurrency trading ecosystem which aims to onboard new users
to the crypto-scene. Previously, he was also from Blockfolks, an advisory firm with niches in Community
Management & Growth Services. He has extensive experience in CM services, where he was the CM
for Quantstamp, Zilliqa, Gifto, Utrust.

Mirza Uddin

Strategic Advisor & Venture Capitalist

Mirza is a venture capitalist who focuses on a wide array of early-stage technologies. He has
previously worked at Two Sigma, one of the largest quantitative hedge funds. While at Two Sigma
he was heavily involved in researching Blockchain startups and analyzed hundreds of investment
opportunities in the sector. He has also worked for Index Ventures, a global multistage VC that has
previously invested in companies such as Dropbox and Facebook. Prior to that, he worked for The
Boston Consulting Group, where he helped advise one of the largest Fortune 500 tech conglomerates.
He began his career at East Ventures, a prominent Japanese VC that was an early investor in OmiseGo.
Mirza attended Harvard University, where he simultaneously enrolled in several courses at both MIT and
Harvard Law School.

27

Craig Brown

Senior Canadian Legal Advisor & Partner at Fasken

An expert in the areas of mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance, Craig provides strategic
legal and business advice to help companies realize their potential in both Canada and in new foreign
markets. While Craig’s practice is sector-agnostic, he has for the past decade been extensively
engaged with a wide variety of leading participants in the dynamic Ontario innovation ecosystem. In
addition to providing excellent legal advice, Craig seeks to intermediate opportunities for all clients,
including sourcing qualified investment targets for VC and private equity clients and introducing
promising early-stage companies to strategic partners and investment groups capable of providing
transformational growth capital.

Daniel Fuke

Canadian Legal Advisor & Partner at Fasken

Daniel is a Partner in the Fasken’s Securities and Mergers & Acquisitions group and also advises clients
in the investment funds and blockchain industries. In his practice, Daniel frequently advises public and
private entities on equity and debt financings, share and asset purchase transactions, investment fund
formations. In the blockchain area, Daniel has advised clients on initial coin offerings, cryptocurrency
exchanges and investment fund formation. Daniel has also written and presented on a number of topics
affecting blockchain companies, with a focus on securities law issues.

Gavin Knight

Strategic Advisor

Gavin led investor relations with BitAngels in 2013 coordinating pitches and investor connections for
equity based investments. He has been full-time in the cryptocurrency space working in customer
service, marketing, business development and investor relations. His advisory focuses on organizational
models for the team, token economics and community relations.

28

