1

v 2.0

OPTITOKEN:
An algorithmically
traded hyperdeflationary
cryptocurrency
sean donato

abstract

-

ceo

| sean@optitoken.io

Most people have a very hard time profiting when exchanging cryptocurrencies or
currencies in general with a goal of achieving benefits in differing currency values.
This type of currency exchange is highly complicated due to extreme volatility
and abundant manipulation. Newcomers with a lot of will and very few skills
stand to lose much value partaking in such exchanging as opposed to just using
one cryptocurrency that focuses on price appreciation as a goal over time. Many
constantly chase the mob and follow the latest trends of the hottest
cryptocurrency or when there are price spikes. This causes people to exchange
into a cryptocurrency after the fact, as opposed to the golden rule of buying low
and selling high.
As an algorithmically traded cryptocurrency, adopters of Optitoken gain the benefit
of utilizing a medium of payment that is exposed to 24/7 trading through code
developed with the strategies used by traders in a portfolio of established and
manually selected cryptocurrencies.
Essentially, the algorithm takes advantage of price swings among a select group
of tokens, known as "The Basket," made up of a variable number of coin(s) deemed
statistically or categorically undervalued. They will also be established and growth
driven projects with high upside potential based on several factors based on past
trends of growth and/or market averages. It will also take into account token
supply and market capitalization.
The project aims to create profits from this ongoing series of trades and infuse
it into the market(s) of OptiToken itself to provide constant sporadic upward
price pressure. The tokens purchased are then destroyed by sending them to an
unspendable address to create ever growing scarcity in the token supply and
disallow the tokens from re-entering the ecosystem as ‘sell pressure.’ The remaining
OptiTokens will gain value each time this cycle occurs.

disclaimer

This whitepaper is for information only and does not constitute an offer or any kind
of investment advice. Elements of this whitepaper may undergo significant changes as
the project further develops. Please read the legal disclaimer at the end of this paper.
Further questions can be addressed by email at info@optitoken.io

snapshot
diversity

An expertly curated and diversified portfolio of cryptocurrencies used to jetfuel a single Cryptocurrency in a def lationary manner. Opti will be traded on at
least one major exchange.

algorithmic
trading

Exposure to an algori thm that has consistently outpaced Bi tcoin.
Developed by crunching data from the work of experienced traders. Will
integrate machine learning.

24/7
algorithm

buy pressure

Crypto doesn’t stop and neither will OptiToken. Constant, round the clock
automatic trading to identify trends in order to support the currency.
In every automatic buy cycle, a portion of the profits created will be used to
buy OptiToken on the market thus providing upward price pressure.

str ategic
scarcity

100% of the tokens bought back will be sent to a provably unspendable address
that can be verified transparently. OptiToken will be the first project to use this
strategy for the purpose of raising value for adopters. It will in effect be the
first hyper-def lationary currency in history.

tr ansparency

The portfolio will be externally audited on an annual basis and as needed to
maintain integrity for OptiToken. All movements can be tracked and verified
using the blockchain.

History of Algorithmic Trading
Algorithmic trading is a method of executing a large order (too large to fill all
at once) using automated pre-programmed trading instructions accounting
for variables such as time, price, and volume, to send small slices of the
order - technically called child orders - out to the market over time. They
were developed so that traders do not need to constantly watch a stock and
repeatedly send those slices out manually. Popular "algos" include Percentage
of Volume, Pegged, V WAP, TWAP, Implementation Shortfall or Target Close.
In the past years, algo trading has been gaining traction with both retail
and institutional traders. Popular platforms for algorithmic trading include
MetaTrader, NinjaTrader, IQBroker and Quantopian.

Algorithmic trading is not an attempt to make a trading profit. It is simply a
way to minimize the cost, market impact and risk in execution of an order. It is
widely used by investment banks, pension funds, mutual funds and hedge funds
because these institutional traders need to execute large orders in markets that
cannot support all of the size at once.
The term is also used to mean an automated trading system, which do have
the goal of making a profit. Also known as black box trading, these systems
encompass trading strategies that are heavily reliant on complex mathematical
formulas and high-speed computer programs.
Such systems run strategies including market making, inter-market spreading,
arbitrage, or pure speculation such as trend following. Many fall into the
category of high-frequency trading (HFT), which are characterized by high
turnover and high order-to-trade ratios. HFT strategies utilize computers that
make elaborate decisions to initiate orders based on information that is received
electronically, before human traders are capable of processing the information
they observe. Algorithmic trading and HFT have resulted in a dramatic change of
the market microstructure, particularly in the way liquidity is provided 1.

System Architecture
A traditional trading system consists of primarily of two blocks – one that receives
the market data while the other that sends the order request to the exchange.
However, an algorithmic trading system can be broken down into three parts:
Exchange
The server
Application
Traditional architecture of algorithmic trading systems:
Exchange(s) provide data to the system, which typically consists of the latest
order book, traded volumes, and last traded price (LTP) of scrip. The server in
turn receives the data simultaneously acting as a store for historical database.
The data is analyzed at the application side, where trading strategies are fed from
the user and can be viewed on the GUI. Once the order is generated, it is sent to
the order management system (OMS), which in turn transmits it to the exchange.
Gradually, old-school, high latency architecture of algorithmic systems is being
replaced by newer, state-of-the-art, high infrastructure, low-latency networks.

1

With info from: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Algorithmic_trading#History

The complex event processing engine (CEP), which is the heart of decision making
in algo-based trading systems, is used for order routing and risk management.
With the emergence of the FIX (Financial Information Exchange) protocol, the
connection to different destinations has become easier and the go-to market
time has since reduced, when it comes to connecting with a new destination.
With the standard protocol in place, integration of third-party vendors for data
feeds is not cumbersome anymore 2.

Problems & Solutions
probl em s with
au tom ation

The major problem to date is failure of robust and consistent safety measures. For
example, in 2012 Knight Capital lost a total of $440 million dollars when its stock
trading automation accidentally sold all the stocks it had bought a few days prior.
Optitoken’s theory on prevention of such events is to split the actively traded
portfolio into smaller groups based on different fail-safe measures and also
different strategies. A portion being left to human trading and rebalancing.
Furthermore, OptiToken seeks to create customized solutions by working with the
exchange itself to implement backup fail-safe measures and controls.

problems with
machine
learning

The major idea that spurs development is to implement machine learning based
on social network and media events. We believe this to be a fundamental flaw for
several reasons.

implementation

a) The case is more often than not that once an event is in the "news" it is too late
to partake in a particular trend. In the team’s experience this is very common,
and chasing trends is never a shrewd trading strategy. However, one may still
answer, what if you programmed to”sell the news?” The problem here is that any
machine in this day and age is not sophisticated enough to weigh the importance
or relevance of any particular headline. It would be reckless to try to game this
strategy in a contrary manner.
b) With little to no regulation in place as of now, headlines can be manipulated too
easily to supply concrete data to quantify or execute actions for. Not to mention
the presence of propaganda social media accounts and social automations. An
automation set to track increase in the posting of a particular cash-tag such as
"$NMC" may be adversely affected by one individual acting as many, through the
implementation of multiple fake accounts programmed to promote said coin in
some public manner on the social media platform.
5

1

With info from: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Algorithmic_trading#History

optitoken ’ s
s olu tions

OptiToken is actively researching mechanisms peculiar to the space and will
eventually implement learning patterns and behavior based on cryptocurrency
metrics such as mining, transaction volume, hashing power movements,
mempools and more. We believe these fundamental numbers tell the story of
true sentiment and can be acted upon in small sized trades to "squeeze profit."
We believe that this type of trading is best when done only with a small portion
of portfolio as to hedge against its inherent risk, yet still allows accumulation of
significant profit over time.

Indicators
market
controls

The team has also developed a variety of indicators and actions to identify
potential downward and upward trends. In the event of downward trend
indicators, a portion of portfolio may be sold into fiat to wait out either the
occurrence or non-occurrence of event. In the scenario of non-occurrence,
stop-orders may be used at that time to re-enter the previous position fully,
beyond or to a partial extent. Likewise if it becomes more efficient at any point
to incorporate derivatives, the team may enact or put a new strategy to a vote
with the community and project supporters. However, the latter - a vote- is
not required in order to execute such activities. The goal is to outpace bitcoin
and other indexes while at the same time enacting downside protections that
some of these projects are unable to incorporate.

broad - market

In order to optimize profits, there will be times when the portfolio will be partly

parabolic

moved into fiat, such as Euro or Japanese Yen. To do this the team has identified

moves

many market indicators that can be precursors to price corrections, upward or
downward. In the beginning the focus will be on hedging the downside, which
can be accomplished by moving a portion of the portfolio into fiat if and when
these indicators occur. The main indicator is a chart of the broader market that
is achieved as an extreme parabolic move in a short time frame. When these
conditions are met, a relatively small portion of the portfolio will be sold into fiat
or, in the future, may be devoted toward other downside hedging instruments
such as options contracts, futures or margin positions. The downside positions
will be set to rebuy or close upon further indicators, a trend reversal or, at the
very least, a discount on previous positions. This strategy, along with other
indicators that we will depict more after hard launch, will all be used to create
the most optimal price discovery and development for OptiToken.

6

Token
OptiToken ($OPTI) is an ethereum ERC20 token, which derives its value from
an underlying portfolio and the price support created through careful buy
pressure induced by buying Opti Token directly on listed exchange(s) with
the profits of trading said portfolio. The tokens bought back are destroyed
immediately afterwards creating scarcity. The trading of the basket is based
on a simple algorithm that is designed to buy low and sell high, and uses the
Euro as a fiat instrument for stability when no buy target is available at the
time of a sell. Tokens in the basket were selected by the founder and team
based on months of experiments and success creating profits from a similar
but more primitive strategy. Tokens in the basket are not limited to a top
market capitalization filter. The formula has been refined and will continue
to be optimized as it moves forward. The picks that Opti will focus on are
tokens with strong communities, sufficient volume, strong marketing presence,
strategic partnerships and especially active open-source development on their
respective source codes. Unique niche market coins that could be considered
to have reasonable or undervalued market capitalization are also part of the
strategy and in special cases Opti Token can seek to incorporate, in a small
amount, cryptocurrencies or investments not listed on Bitfinex. All of the
tokens in the basket should have concrete and active development.
A portion of the profits, 16% to start, created when selling or exchanging the token
when completing a cycle will be used to buy OptiToken on available exchanges in
equal parts, thus providing upward price pressure. A cycle would consist of coins
meeting a certain criteria and than being sold into the next coin that meets buy
criteria, assuming the two have a pair. If they don't, the trading balance
will need to be turned into bitcoin or ether to be exchanged into the optimal
cryptocurrencies that meet buy criteria. If no tokens meet the buy criteria, then a
portion will be sold into fiat, primarily Euro, to stabilize and consolidate gains.
Along with the prior, the profit balance from each successful cycle would be
split in the following way:
82% will go toward rebuying the next targeted oversold coins in basket in order
to increase the portfolio’s value.
16% will go towards buying Opti coins in order to create upward pressure on the price.
2% will go toward operating expenses.
7

Economics
We strongly believe there is a fundamental lack of understanding of the power
of economics in the cryptocurrency space. Particularly how cryptocurrency
and tokenization has changed what can be done with general asset exchange.
Despite the disruptive nature of blockchain and similar technologies, this lack
of emphasis is a common problem with many projects. There are few projects
that effectively implement strategies to exploit this. It is perhaps possible to
say that at this stage of development, any project that isn’t taking measures
to protect its coin’s price, or to counteract negative price manipulation, is
not fully grasping or utilizing the disruptive technology made possible by
developments in cryptographic tokenization.
OptiToken uses supply and demand economics to affect the price of its
cryptocurrency by nurturing demand and creating provably fair scarcity. Why
is it fair? Because the tokens destroyed are removed forever to a verified,
transparent unspendable address, as opposed to tactics implemented in history
to create scarcity temporarily, such as locking an asset up in a vault for a
given time period. Examples of this strategy are common, having normally
been implemented by huge corporations with commodities they operate their
core businesses on. The textbook examples of this are De Beers and the global
diamond supply, or Standard Oil and the US oil supply.
Another great use case is what happens to prices in an economy when the
opposite of scarcity is created. Take for example central banks and international
governmental bodies, some of which still practice the mass printing of currency
in their governments without simultaneously matching production growth in
their economy, in hopes of fixing short term monetary problems at hand. Though
immediate monetary obligations can be met with this strategy, this causes an
influx in money supply, thus making each unit less scarce and less valuable.
The result of overdoing this is a mass appreciation in the prices of goods in
the economy, or in other terms, hyperinflation. The most relevant historical
examples are Germany post WWII, Zimbabwe in the early 2000’s or current day
Venezuela. Obviously, the effects on a country can be devastating.

8

We argue that doing the opposite, that is, increasing the value of an economy’s
money, will cause the opposite effect to the benefit of all adopters. We do
understand that when it is more profitable to save one’s money, the propensity
to consume decreases. However, we believe there is a threshold (that can be
found using patterns in averages) that when crossed makes people spend more
than they had in the past. This in turn nurtures the velocity of spending in an
economy, which is exactly what central banks are trying to do when tampering
with money supplies and interest rates. The benefit with OptiToken is that this
economy is enriching its citizens, as opposed to trying to keep the bunny just a
bit behind the carrot.

Buy Pressure & Strategic
Scarcity
Below is a graphic representation of how price action would work once OptiToken
is being traded openly on an exchange. The effect of this strategy is to nurture
a market that has very strong buy support. It also solves an extremely common
problem of new ICO’s, that hit exchanges and cannot find any volume. Not only
does OptiToken solve this, but uses tokenization in a innovative new way to create
a cryptocurrency that has the potential to appreciate, or offer support, in price
even in bear markets.
Our test portfolio, that uses the strategies that will be adopted by the algorithm,
has been consistently outpacing bitcoin by 40 to 100% since November. You
can view the movements live and transparently on our website. Given that the
portfolio’s value can increase even in bear markets like the last one, OptiToken’s
price on exchanges can grow even when most coins are in the red. This in turn can
create serious organic marketing in the form of FOMO, as foreign buyers jump on
the the trend of spikes in price.

9

Price

Strategic Buy Pressure

Time

Volume
Strategic Buy

Strategic Buy

As our algorithm trades automatically between the basket of tokens, a portion of the
proﬁts created will be used to buy OptiToken on the market, thus providing upward price pressure.
Then those tokens will be sent to an unspendable address and be destroyed, creating scarcity
and increasing value.

Supply Scarcity
100

#1

Imagine the world only

When Satoshi burns 20 coins

Now there is less Bitcoin.

The early supporters

Optitoken purposely uses

has 100 Bitcoin

as “a donation to the network”,

As it becomes more scarce

and adopters were rewarded

this strategy to create the ﬁrst

people were less willing to

with an appreciating asset.

hyper-deﬂationary

the same market cap, making

part with their precious coins,

each more valuable

making it more valuable.

10
the remaining
coins share

than before.

Every coin lost is a gift for the community

cryptocurrency

Scalability of OptiToken,
Illustrated Graphically
The following charts represent abstractly the effect of buys on the simple
moving average of Optitoken’s price.
The first one shows something that some many consider a given. However, we
want to illustrate it for those that may wonder if and how we adjust buys, as well as
how that is calculated. At a first glance someone see a project that executes onesize-fits-all buys and wonder, won’t the effectiveness dwindle as the project goes
on? It would in that scenario indeed. However, the size of buys will scale alongside
the price and daily average volume which brings us to our second graph.

0
30

.

suﬁcient

0

20

0

.

10

VOLUME

Daily Average in Units of $100.000

40

0

50

0

60

0

70

0

Improper Utilization
of Buy Support

11

50

50

50

50

50

WOULD BE
INSUFFICIENT
MORE NEEDED

Example at $50.000

BUY CYCLES UNITS

insuﬁcient
>
needed

This one is a rough example of how OptiToken utilizes daily average volume
and price to calculate the amounts needed to affect price in the most optimal
manner possible. It doesn’t give us the exact optimal amount, but it does give us
the minimum amount necessary. Knowing that buying above the minimum, we
tweak as we progress, is it best to inject the market with one large buy that drives
price up parabolically? Or is it better to buy in waves, meaning more profits from
OptiX trading operations need to be saved and accumulated? With the latter the
psychological impact on those gaming the system changes. The buy low sell spike
idea becomes imperfect for traders or arbitrageurs. Theoretically, we believe
utilizing randomness to some extent will offer the best outcome long term for
price. What we do need to know is these minimums, which is easily attainable. How
and when we execute the buys is a variable based on how buy pressure tends to be
best utilized after some live testing early on in Optitoken’s ecosystem, once live in
exchanges.yet still provide sufficient transparency and learning opportunities for
those who take interest in the project.

60

0

70

0

80

0

90

0

10

0

0

Line Effect on Price of Opti

30

0

increasing at a
decreasing rate

0

20

0

increasing

10

VOLUME

Daily Average in Units of $1.000

40

0

50

0

not increasing enough &
nearing decreasing returns
=
Higher buy units needed

12

50

50

BUY CYCLES
Units of $1.000

50

50

50

80

W IT
CCU UL TE

80

80

80

80

80

120

W IT
CCU UL TE

120

120

Transparency
Because of its nature, the OptiToken project aims to be completely transparent
throughout all of its activities and endeavors. This includes making all software
programs and API’s open-source. Audits will be conducted periodically both for
transparency and compliance purposes.
The tokens in the basket being traded will all be reported on fully with the most
tax-efficient and allowable accounting basis. The project is incorporated in the
Cayman Islands and will follow all reporting requirements required of Cayman
Island exempt companies. In general, the official accounting method in any current
or new country OptiToken operates in will be implemented and determined by
founder and legal, taking into account what is most beneficial for the company.
The token exchanged and used in each basket will be displayed after their each
respective cycle. This is to protect the project's desirability and maintain an
element of secret that can only be appreciated by those who purchase OptiTokens,
yet still provide sufficient transparency and learning opportunities for those who
take interest in the project.

13

Roadmap
november

2017

- Launch of testnet tracking gains and gathering data for use in the final
algorithm.
- Initial starting team assembled - including one dev, one business developer/
project manager, one quant and legal team.

december

2017
january

2018

- Launch of website and initial press releases and marketing strategies.
- Launch of social media channels to start building a community.
- Targeting and acquisition of initial purchases.
- Launch of ANN, white-paper to follow soon.
- Onboarding of further help and developers.
- Further development of BETA testing algorithm infusing more value and
growing initial portfolio. Acquisition of advisor team.

february

2018

- Final draft white paper released.
- Further onboarding of advisors and team.
- Further development on algorithm and any user interfaces phase 1, wallet etc.

march

- Token sale marketing and PR campaign

2018

- Begin coding and implementation of backend testing interface on exchange

april

- ITO: 90 days

2018

- Start work on algorithm

may

2018

- BETA launch on exchange(s), growing the portfolio right away after 1 month of ICO.
Portfolio will not sit idle but instead go right to work after a month.
- Further work and optimizing of algorithm and security
- ALPHA interface launch on Exchange(s) and continued token sale push

june

2018
july

2018

- Last month push of token sale and continued business development and second
addition of ITO sales to portfolio.
- After the token creation event is finished, distribution of tokens to ICO buyers.
- Begin the purchasing of tokens phase on exchange(s) for buy pressure of
OptiToken with profits to date and then the addition of remaining ICO.

summer

2018

- Creation and testing on any 2.0 user interfaces.
- Continue to grow find and improve algorithm, possibly starting an integration of
machine learning.

onward

- Continue growth driven operations along with searching for new ways to improve
e.g. do we incorporate pre-sale discounts since there will be ability to buy the
minimums? This can be very interesting strategy in times of an overbought market.

Legal Disclaimer
The project is not open for participation of US, Chinese, Cayman Island citizens
or any other citizens who reside in countries that prohibits the participation in
Initial Coin Offerings or the attaining of certain cryptocurrencies.

OptiTokens are available for purchase from the entity “Opti Token” only in
those jurisdictions and to those persons where and to whom they lawfully
may be offered for sale and only during the pre-ICO and ICO events. This fact
sheet does not constitute an offer to subscribe for securities. Nothing in this
fact sheet is intended to create a contract for investment into OptiToken, and
each potential ICO Participant acknowledges that OptiToken will rely on this
assertion of a ICO Participants statements with respect to compliance with the
laws of the jurisdiction in which the ICO Participant legally resides.

This document does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an
offer to buy to any person for whom it is unlawful to make such offer or
solicitation. Prospective ICO Participants should inform themselves as to the
legal requirements and tax consequences within their respective countries of
their citizenship, residence, domicile, and place of business with respect to
the acquisition, holding or disposal of the Tokens, and any foreign exchange
restrictions that may be relevant thereto. The distribution of this fact sheet and
the offer and sale of the Tokens in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.

It is the responsibility of prospective ICO Participants to inform themselves as to the
legal requirements and tax consequences within the countries of their citizenship,
residence, domicile and place of business with respect to the acquisition, holding or
disposal of the Tokens, and any restrictions that may be relevant thereto.

