Decentralized music distribution
using InterPlanetary File Systems
(IPFS) on the blockchain.
Bokang Jia, Chenhao Xu, Mateusz Mach

Table of
Contents

© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

4

Introduction

5

Core objectives

7

Technology

18

Front-end user applications: OPUS core players

21

Token mechanism

22

Platform mass-adoption incentives

24

Governance and marketing: OPUS DAO

27

Case studies

30

Roadmap

32

Market analysis

35

Conclusion

36

Contact

37

References

2

Abstract
OPUS is a decentralized music sharing platform that leverages blockchain technology to guarantee fair
compensation for artists, transparent and reliable payment rules; and extensive music content stored by
the community. OPUS introduces its own digital token (OPT) for payments and revenue management
for both artists and fans. These tokens give us new possibilities in the music industry: artists can decide
how to split revenues between band members and for each song separately, can share their own revenue
with the fans, who in turn can support their favorite artists or can purchase extra content. Leveraging the
speed and redundancy of a decentralized and immutable file storage technology - IPFS (Interplanetary
File System), OPUS can scale and deliver thousands of tracks per second in a very decentralized manner.
This is achieved by encrypting music tracks on the go and storing the encrypted music files permanently
on the IPFS swarm.
The smart contract on the blockchain collects hashes of the statistics of the played songs which are the
basis for revenue calculations for each artist – this data are available for public and its immutability can be
checked by comparing hashes.
When everything is transparently stored in the OPUS smart contract, we also consider introducing
additional governance mechanisms such as an OPUS DAO (Decentralized Autonomous Organization)
used for voting on new features, artists revenue sharing and a variety of other possibilities.
Due to the fast-paced emergence of blockchain technology, and high fees within the Ethereum ecosystem,
OPUS has decided to start with hybrid technology stack: music files and payments are fully decentralized
on IPFS and Ethereum and real time transactional data between players/web panels and the platform
are API with off-chain data storage based. With technology growth and its business suitability OPUS will
responsibly and gradually switch its remaining components to the blockchain.

© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

3

Introduction
1.1 Problem overwiev
The global music industry is growing, generating $42.93Bn in revenue in 2016. Despite the growing market for music services, the current bureaucratic
system of labels, artist managers, and distribution services have largely choked the smaller artist that cannot negotiate sponsorship deals with big brands,
and who rely on direct artist-to-fan sales

In addition, centralized streaming platforms take up to 80% of the

1.3. Mission statement

entire revenue stream, harming many small artists. While direct artistto-fan sales were possible in the past, artists today are forced to rely on

”The OPUS foundation’s mission is to create a decentralized music-

monopolized streaming platforms, which pay as little as $0.0003 USD per

sharing platform that is uncensorable, fair, and easy to use – a

play. Established artists that rely on tours and sponsorships can handle

system that gives a greater choice to listeners and fair market value

this, but smaller artists who only have a fan base of a few thousand cannot

compensation to artists”

survive in this industry with such a tiny revenue stream.

1.2. Why?

OPUS is a major disruptive force driving the way music is shared in the
twenty first century. By cutting out major middlemen in the music
recording industry – record labels, monopolized distribution platforms,

Artists have no choice but to choose the existing alternative pay-to-use

label companies, and studios – that have a major stake in the music

low revenue model. In fact, many artists, such as pop star Taylor Swift,

industry, OPUS will empower small artists and pose a new paradigm shift

have taken their stance against the pay-to-use model by pulling tracks

in the way people listen to and pay for music. No doubt, there will be

out of streaming services as a way to send a message. Unfortunately,

resistance towards the OPUS platform from existing institutions holding

this often results in friction between fans and artists. Fans today have to

artists hostage. However, OPUS is well positioned to take advantage of

manage numerous different music platforms, while artists struggle for

the decentralized nature of smart contracts and IPFS to revolutionize the

fair compensation.

music industry in a way never before seen.

© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

4

Core Objectives
2.1. Engineering the world’s most efficient music-sharing 		
platform

2.2. Build a seamless user experience from the
ground up

Leveraging the bleeding-edge of distributed ledger systems like IPFS,

User experience is the key to successful long-term growth of a business.

and the immutable nature of distributed smart contracts on Ethereum,

Amazon’s CEO Jeff Bezos invested 100 times more in customer

OPUS aims to build the infrastructure from the ground up in a highly

experiencing than marketing in the first 5 years, and Airbnb’s CEO Mike

network-efficient manner with minimum latency.

Gebbia credits UX with building the company to be worth $10 billion.
Excellent user experience is necessary to make the business thrive.

The OPUS core development team, led by a team of passionate industry-

Studies show that companies that invest heavily in UX see a significant

leading computer scientists and Engineers, are currently:

increase in user uptake and adoption rates compared to similar products
with a lower emphasis on UX.

Finishing the development of the API, smart contracts, and
transactional databases.

The team at OPUS takes this concept very seriously; in fact, we have
designed our platform based on a unique user experience. In the world

Finalizing the development of the OPUS player for web,
Android and iOS.

of blockchain, many interactions are crude with complicated hoops
and unintuitive interfaces. What we have managed to do is shatter this
barrier with an infrastructure and UI/UX level experience that is intuitive
and responsive to use with tested sub-second latency.

Completing the development of the Artist and Fan web panels
for content management and cryptocurrency payments.

In an environment heavily focused on pure conceptual ideas, OPUS
plans to invest resources into UI/UX to provide a groundbreaking user

Research for scalable and cost effective blockchain-based

experience, poising us to capture a significant share of the $40Bn-a-year

transactional systems.

music streaming industry.

© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

5

2.3. To implement modern, democratic governance
OPUS believes in transparency of rules, data immutability, and
cryptography-based data integrity ideas that stand behind the
blockchain. That is why smart contracts will store compensation rules for
each person from a band, agreed upon after mutual confirmation, that
is why smart contract will make transfers to artists and fans based on
calculations collected from the platform usage data, that is why all this
data and those rules will by publicly visible to everyone.

2.4. Implement a successful marketing plan to ensure
long-term growth
After ensuring all the infrastructure is in place, OPUS will promote the
platform through both sponsorships and indirect advertising. Our plan
is to onboard artists while at the same time promoting the platform
to fans. There are many new markets, particularly in countries with no
established music platforms, for example China, a void OPUS can easily
occupy.
Unlike many blockchain projects focusing only on a core concept, the
primary goal of OPUS is to shine light on the technology to a mainstream
audience. While we have invested considerable resources in producing
infrastructure-level innovations, we are also committed to campaigning
and transforming OPUS into a platform as ubiquitous as other global
streaming platforms have become in the last 3–5 years.

© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

6

Technology
3.1. Overview
As engineers and computer scientists, we believe in designing enterprisegrade solutions that are scalable at heart and reliable in practice.
What we propose in this paper is a 4-layer system that utilizes IPFS as a
file storage layer, an off-chain database as a transactional and directory
layer, Ethereum smart contracts as a finance logic layer, and an API and
applications as the front-end application layer. Due to the emerging state
of the blockchain technology, with high Ethereum fees for collecting
real-time data from players and effectively responding to users’ requests,
we designed our own system to currently use an established layer for
transactional operations. All the data is collected there and the hash of
song statistics is periodically sent to the blockchain; thus, we can deliver
real-time user experience balanced with rational costs, and utilize the
blockchain to the greatest possible extent, primarily for payments.
Technology stack of Opus platform:

API: node.js with StrongLoop/LoopBack framework,
File storage: IPFS public and own nodes,
Figure 1. Overview of the Opus platform
© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

Transactional data storage: PostgreSQL database,
7

Immutable storage and payments processing: Ethereum blockchain,

In other words, IPFS provides a high throughput content-addressed

Web player and artist/fan panel: javascript React app with Ethereum

block storage model, with content addressed hyperlinks. This forms

lightwallet,

a generalized Merkle DAG, a data structure upon which one can build
versioned file systems, blockchains, and even a Permanent Web. IPFS

Android player coded in Kotlin,

combines a distributed hash table, an incentivized block exchange, and a

iOS Player coded in Swift,

self-certifying namespace. It has no single point of failure, and the nodes

Google Firebase for google/facebook/twitter auth,
Nginx server as SSL proxy layer.
Technologically, the Proof-of-Work blockchain is not suitable for handling
transactional systems (high frequency and volume of data). OPUS has
tested the blockchain-only solution and found it to be too costly, too
slow, and to have a lack of privacy in storing decryption keys – and that
is why we use a hybrid stack: the Ethereum blockchain, payments, and
governance; and the already established PostgreSQL database with a
node.js application server providing the API for transactional operations
between the OPUS players and the core platform. We observe the growth
of side-chain systems such as Raidos, BigchainDB or Ethereum sharding
technology and look forward to its readiness for business.

3.2. Interplanetary File System - IPFS
3.2.1. What is IPFS
Interplanetary File System (IPFS) is a peer-to-peer distributed file system
that connects computing devices with the same system of files. In

Figure 2. IPFS is a hypermedia

many ways, IPFS is similar to the Web, but IPFS can be seen as a single

protocol addressed by content and

BitTorrent swarm, exchanging objects within

identities instead of traditional

one Git repository.

location addressing
© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

8

do not need to trust each other.
At the IPFS protocol level, the system is fully neutral and the nodes can

With such a dynamic level of flexibility and scalability, just like HTTP, there

run over any transport protocol. In fact, IPFS nodes do not have to be

is no limit to the scalability of IPFS. On opus, the total latency increases

referenced by a centralized IP. IPFS nodes can run through different

with t = O(C), where

network architectures such as NDN (Named Data Networking), XIA
(eXpressive Internet Architecture) and more. This transport-neutral

•

= constant, and capacity increases with t = O(n), where n = Files on

network protocol will ensure that IPFS can be transmitted through any

the network. As the network gets larger, the total latency should

network and resist censorship.

remain relative low with a smooth streaming experience.

IPFS is an emerging, revolutionary paradigm in decentralized storage.
By not storing any music files on a centralized server, no organization,

3.2.3. Opus and IPFS

including OPUS, can modify or delete any audio content uploaded by
artists to the OPUS platform.

The IPFS system enables the OPUS platform to serve music files in a
permanent and decentralized manner. Anyone can become a host of

3.2.2. Scalability of IPFS

OPUS files by running their own IPFS node.

The IPFS protocol is a collection of protocols served from a swarm of

Take the hash

IPFS nodes. However, the network layer can perform network activities

QmUhD25MRvghabeUxPxc7qBtzSnZvQn8DG2WgrbMkPRqRF

through a single TCP or UDP port. IPFS can multiplex many point-to-

for instance. This hash is the permanent global reference to an

point connections simultaneously.

unencrypted music track track (written by Arief Zulkifli) accessible
through the IPFS swarm network.

For instance each node can:

•

listen on a particular TCP/IP address

•

listen on a different UDT/UDP/IP address

•

have multiple streams open to node X,Y,Z

•

multiplexes streams over HTTP2 to multiple nodes

© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

9

nature of IPFS is important on a mainstream scale. Considering that
Opus will have a profound effect on the music streaming industry. There
may be political, social and economic incentives (government sanction)
for nodes to ”alter” the files referenced by the original hash. However,
because this will change the hash tree of the file, it is computationally
and cryptographically impossible.
You can play this track by accessing the reference hash through a locallyhosted Node.js IPFS access point. You can also access this unencrypted
track through HTTP API gateways such as:
https://ipfs.infura.io/ipfs/<file_hash_id>
The OPUS team has found that to effectively serve OPUS tracks worldwide,
we must run IPFS nodes on every continent, with 100TB of storage each,
for 10M of 320kbps mp3 tracks with an average duration of 4 minutes.
We consider the use of Filecoin-like systems, where nodes with OPUS
files are rewarded for sharing their storage. The partner would have to
provide the right download bandwidth as well as high amount of ram for
caching, etc.
Figure 3. Merkle hash root diagram

3.3. Smart contracts and Ethereum
We can verify that such a hash induces an immutable bijection between

Smart contracts are immutable programs that execute when certain

a unique file by examining the Merkle hash tree of the node files.

conditions are met. These “smart contracts” can be scripted with a
predetermined set of instructions or custom instructions on the virtual

If a rogue node attacks the network, the majority network would recognize

machine which will then be executed in an immutable and transparent

a change in the root hash and search for new nodes, ensuring that the

fashion.

network maintains an immutable storage of tracks. This immutable
© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

10

Smart contracts are much better than traditional channels because they
can be verified quickly and cheaply, and are fully transparent. Logic can also

3.3.2. Ethereum instead of a custom blockchain

be coded into smart contracts in the form of Turing-complete computer
code. Doing so enables something revolutionary: a fully decentralized

Creating a custom C++ optimized blockchain for OPUS is most certainly a

program. In such a decentralized crypto-graphically secured network, it is

possibility. In fact, the OPUS team experimented with C++ modifications

economically impossible to prevent the execution of the smart contracts,

of Bitcoin, which is also programmable. However, it was extremely

especially when copies of the code are verified and executed among

time-intensive and prone to human error to develop such a system.

millions of computers. Furthermore, it is still economically and efficiency

Furthermore, the limiting set of default functions in the Bitcoin core

impossible to use smart contract-enabled blockchains, like Ethereum, as

meant that a lot of time had to be put into recreating common data

the only logic layer. As such, we take the best parts from the blockchain

structures.

and mature database engines, and combine everything together to work
for the artists and fans.

Bitcoin default operations:

3.3.1. OPUS logic on a smart contract

case OP_ADD:
case OP_SUB:

While the OPUS storage layer is able to deliver vast volumes of data (we

case OP_BOOLAND:

have tested IPFS throughout to exceed 20Mb/s with 300ms latency),

case OP_BOOLOR:

without a core payment and logic layer, artists cannot be compensated

case OP_NUMEQUAL:

for uploading tracks to the OPUS protocol and curators also cannot be

case OP_NUMNOTEQUAL:

paid for their services in creating playlists and sharing music tracks.

case OP_LESSTHAN:

To achieve these features, OPUS needs a ”logic layer” that processes

case OP_GREATERTHAN:

payments directly from the artist to the curator and from the fan to the

case OP_LESSTHANOREQUAL:

artist.

case OP_GREATERTHANOREQUAL:

case OP_NUMEQUALVERIFY:

case OP_MIN:
We do this using Ethereum smart contracts. Using smart contracts, artists

case OP_MAX:

and fans can rest assured almost 100% of the payments are delivered to
the artists transparently, immutably and without intermediaries taking

Ethereum, on the other hand, has a much higher level of abstraction,

large chunks of revenue. Artists can also rest assured that their revenue

common data structures, inheritance, encapsulation, and more.

stream will not change at the whim of corporate greed.
© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

11

Additionally, it would be economically difficult to use proof-of-work (PoW)

by the third-party players. While this could be potential attack vectors,

to secure an independent OPUS protocol, as there are potential incentives

the lack of a large local node would give more people access to the OPUS

for third parties to attack the protocol (e.g. existing streaming services). It

platform.

would also be much more effective to utilize an existing programmable
blockchain solution such as Ethereum which has significantly higher

3.4.3. Uploading tracks:

resistance towards attacks.
The OPUS artist panel provides an interface between IPFS and the

3.4. File IO

platform. Artists can upload albums with songs and all data are stored
automatically on the IPFS and off-chain database.

3.4.1. Between EVM and player:
3.4.4. Playing back tracks:
Ethereum JavaScript web3 API is an interaction between a virtually
instantiated OPUS node and the Ethereum virtual machine (EVM). This

The OPUS core music players are available for the web, Android and iOS

lightweight node can be instantiated within a browser or on a local client

platforms. They offer functionalities similar to other mainstream players,

device such as a desktop or mobile phone.

with decentralization-based advantages. Because of the decentralized
mesh nature of IPFS, sometimes the song start play latency is even

Fans can pay for their subscription for access to the platform directly from

smaller than traditional platforms in more populated regions. In addition,

their browsers, securely using their own wallets to pay in one of two ways:

OPUS will deploy its own IPFS nodes around the globe to secure low
latency access to all stored files.

•

by single payment for a given timeframe of subscription,

•

by allowing the OPUS Master Contract to charge the fan’s wallet with

3.4.5. Incentivizing permanent song availability

a fixed number of OPT tokens – a similar mechanism to charging a
credit card periodically, but with a cap defined upfront.

IPFS hashes ensure that each hash corresponds to one unique track on
the swarm such that if a new node joins the network, the entire network

3.4.2. Between IPFS and browser:

will get access to the track stored on the node. This will ensure the security
of the files streamed from IPFS hashes.

Communication between the IPFS network and the OPUS platform is
through the IPFS Remote Procedural Call (RPC) API. For more lightweight

However, there may still be issues regarding permanent availability of

clients, it would be advisable to connect through IPFS gateways operated

files. While there are incentives for artists to keep backups of the tracks

© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

12

they release, it’s not enforced, so there is a very slim chance that the

provides high throughput on-the-fly encryption and decryption of data

swarm network may lose the “permanent” music track. Currently, the

files.

only way to ensure permanent availability is for nodes to accept swarm
data and host them voluntarily like a P2P node.

As all data on blockchain are publicly available, OPUS stores decryption
keys on an off-chain database and decrypts files on the API, before

Fortunately, there are currently in development many in-situ decentralized

sending it via the SSL secured http protocol to the player.

mechanisms to maintain IPFS solutions. One such mechanism is Filecoin,
which pays decentralized storage nodes that host files to maintain copies

This technology, with the possibilities of partnership with a DRM company,

of the music files. As music tracks are negligibly small, we can, in the

is one step towards keeping the keys secure against malicious actors. It

future, incorporate a negligible fee per track sale and have it automatically

ensures that the artists are paid their fair number of tokens.

transfer to a Filecoin host for hosting music tracks on the off-chance that
files are not available from the IPFS swarm.

This encryption is also important in terms of piracy. OPUS has to
implement a system to automatically verify artists’ identities and songs’

3.5. Encryption of music files

intellectual property rights. There are two options we are considering:

Music files, even though only a few Mb big, are too large to store on the
EVM. Therefore, we store the files within the IPFS swarm. However, the
music files can be viewed publicly and permanently by anybody on the
IPFS swarm. OPUS employs a secure encryption algorithm to ensure
that the music is accessible only to users who paid for the subscription.
What OPUS uses is a lightweight public-private key-encryption model to
restrict access only to subscribers. The AES 256-bit (Advanced Encryption
Standards) encryption ensures that data can be efficiently encrypted in a
lightweight manner while streaming the music file.
The files are streamed and decrypted on the fly between the IPFS network,
through the OPUS API, to individual clients. To do this smoothly, we
divide the music tracks into chunks (chunking) which will be decrypted
and encrypted on the fly. OPUS intends to use an encryption library that
© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

Figure 4. Diagram of the AES-256 bit Encryption architecture Opus uses
13

•

A platform integrated procedure for artists and songs to be verified,

•

Integrating the platform with the DRM company

3.6. OPUS UMRN

(1)

Total cost Tot(x) per block a function of the number of transactions x
within the block.

The book industry has ISBN, a standardized book referencing database
managed by the ISBN central authority. Registering a single number
within the ISBN foundation costs $125 USD. While this is relatively cheap
for professional authors, it is a significant expense for smaller, amateur
authors.

(2)

What OPUS is considering is a novel high-throughput music relay
registry known as UMRN. The registry for UMRN will be generated at

(3)

a low cost within a Relay Ethereum smart contract, with the registry
database hosted immutably on the IPFS swarm. UMRN is a novel music
identification format and registry database for the music industry that
enables small artists to register and the OPUS players to identify millions
of tracks within a globalized and immutable ledger.
To do this, the OPUS UMRN smart contract registry will use the sigmoid
function, commonly found in machine learning statistical normalization,
to increase the cost per block to an exponential limit when a high number
of registrations (e.g. 100 per block) are initiated. This ensures that when
not under attack, the token cost will be virtually nothing to register a
track. When a large number of registrations are made per block, the cost
will scale rapidly, depleting the attacker of OPTs.
tCost function C(x) for registering a track onto the UMRN database.

© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

14

we introduce a universal music metadata format for each track stored in
the same location as the UMRN JSON file.
The meta data format standard will be in compliance with existing
database systems as dictated by the guidelines published by the Music
Business Association [Towns]. This music meta data style guide represents
many corporations such as, but not limited to:
Amazon, Beats, BMI, Disney Music Group, Google, Epitaph, iTunes,
Microsoft, and Sony. OPUS intends to be as user-friendly as possible,
including for the artists. Therefore, by complying with existing meta
data standards, we will ensure compliance with many of today’s existing
infrastructure.
Metadata guidelines:

•

Artist Name and multiple authors in CSV form

•

Track title in Unicode

•

Genre of the track

spam while also creating a theoretical ceiling to enable artists to release

•

Length of track in ss:hh:mm

tracks at a slightly higher fee during a spam attack. Such a defense is

•

Country of publication

•

Album/single. (If album, use the same album reference number as

The UMRN relay contract permits a large number of transactions at a
low price before increasing quickly to an asymptotic limit. This is to deter

crucial as there are incentives from existing large streaming platforms to
attack the OPUS protocol, especially the OPUS UMRN database.
3.6.2. Music upload format standards

generated by the OPUS relay contract.)
•

Sampling of the audio file

•

Publisher (optional)

OPUS will define a set of guidelines for artists publishing tracks on the
OPUS protocol that are compatible with the OPUS API. Because of the
immutable nature of Ethereum smart contracts and files stored on IPFS,
© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

15

3.7. Artist bounty and curation

release of the platform and the subsequent reaction of our users.

3.7.1. Artist bounty

3.8. Augmenting Ethereum smart contracts and IPFS

Smaller artists often lack a way to promote their music. Traditional

Ethereum defines the logic, value transfer, and governance of OPUS while

marketing channels involve large upfront payments and obtrusive direct

IPFS stores the data used by the OPUS platform. By merging the two

advertising, which do not correlate with any potential revenue.

systems, we overcome the storage and latency limitations of Ethereum
while incorporating the immutable logic attributes of Ethereum.

On the OPUS platform artists can engage with fans with digital marketing
activities.

3.8.2. Interfacing between Ethereum contracts, and the IPFS swarm

Artists can share a part of their revenue with fans, when fan responds to

Ethereum and IPFS are to the blockchain world what DNS providers and

the offer, the fan’s Ethereum wallet address is added to list of addresses

servers are to the World Wide Web. The DNS was created in the 1980s

to receive the artist’ s OPT tokens.

ARPANET to solve a crucial issue of directing traffic to different computers
based on a centrally maintained file called Hosts.txt kept at Stanford. This

3.7.2. Curator incentives

ensured that traffic could be directed easily within the network.

Another piece of the music industry often ignores is the numerous
curators and music specialists that publish music playlists and charts
for your enjoyment. At OPUS, we wish to ensure that everybody is fairly
treated so that popular and reputed curators can generate revenue when
songs are played from within their custom playlists.
Fan bounty: Regarding fan royalty distribution, it is possible to set up a
smart contract that would automatically distribute part of the artist’s
revenue to selected fans. Crowdfunding music production is also very
much doable. Engaging our community is something we take very
seriously and want to do as much as possible. The implementation of
both functions will depend on extensive tests we will carry out after the
© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

16

Figure 6. Opus IPFS content referencing

© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

17

Front-end user
applications: OPUS
core players
The OPUS team has developed players for three platforms: web, Android,
iOS. Third-party apps will be able to use the OPUS API to create their own
players (e.g., different Bitcoin wallets).
While the OPUS core players will be a stable platform to access the OPUS
API, we will be releasing documentation and API guides to third-party
developers. The OPUS team believes in open-sourced decentralization
and so will be encouraging external developers that take advantage of
the OPUS API in their products.
Nevertheless, we encourage third-party developers to reach out to us at
info@OPUS-foundation.org for advice on OPUS design guidelines that
will ensure a premium user experience.

© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

18

© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

19

© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

20

4.1. Mobile application wireframe:
4.2. OPUS web-player wireframe:

Metamask), and future services (e.g., decentralized exchanges).

Token mechanism

5.2.1. ERC23
The ERC23 standard is a new, backwards compatible, token format that
solves some issues existing in ERC20:

5.1. Specification
TOKEN NAME

OPUS Token (OPT)
CIRCULATING SUPPLY

133,308,531
FORMAT

ERC23 compliant

•

Handling of incoming transactions from the receiver contract

•

Ensuring that transactions for one token will not be received by the
receiving contract of another

•

Ensuring uniformity within Ethereum such that the transfer()
function is called for both contract and account deposits.

As these improvements are backward compatible, the OPUS Protocol
will fully embrace these new token standard updates.

DIVISIBILITY

1018

ERC23 token functions:

TRADEABLE BETWEEN USERS

function totalSupply() constant returns (uint256 totalSupply)

Yes

function name() constant returns (string _name)
function symbol() constant returns (string _symbol)

5.2. Token standard

function decimals() constant returns (uint8 _decimals)
function balanceOf(address _owner) constant returns (uint256 balance)
function transfer(address _to, uint _value, bytes _data) returns (bool

The ERC20 format provides a common interface for digital assets on the

success)

Ethereum blockchain, making integration between different wallets,

function transfer(address _to, uint _value) returns (bool success)

players, and exchanges a seamless experience.

function tokenFallback(address _from, uint _value, bytes _data)

OPTs are designed to be fully compliant with ERC23 standards in order to
ensure that the tokens are compatible with all players, wallets (Mist, Geth,
© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

21

Platform
mass-adoption
incentives
6.1. Business model
6.1.1. Artists on OPUS
Rising artists
Rising artists are inclined to release tracks on OPUS because it allows
them to take home nearly 100% of the revenue they generate and track
where their revenue is going in a transparent manner. It also allows artists
to diversify into a new audience, and revenue streams traditionally not
available through existing platforms. These less established artists will be
relieved to learn that they do not need to sign long-term deals or pay
hefty registration fees to list their work on the OPUS platform.
Artists who are less established can release a preview of their track in
the form of a 30 second unencrypted portion of their music file. If a fan
wishes to listen to the rest of the track, he or she will be able to purchase
a subscription providing access to the full versions of the songs on the
© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

22

platform.

circles can also generate an income by sharing their purchase contract
address. Fans make a small cut (optionally determined by the promoting
artist) for every purchase made through their bounty address. This could

Established artists

be attractive to music listeners looking to make some side income

Established artists will also greatly benefit from the OPUS protocol.

6.2. Network effects

Unlike existing streaming platforms that take up to 80% of the revenue,
the OPUS protocol only takes 1–3% for maintenance of the platform.

6.2.1. Existing network effects in the music industry

In addition, there is no possibility that tracks will be de-listed from the
platform or banned due to government restrictions.

While brand loyalty exists within specific streaming platforms, the overall
entrenchment of the industry is relatively low. Most streaming services

The fact that the underlying OPUS protocol and infrastructure can be

are less than 10 years old, and many fans already use multiple platforms.

used by any OPUS-API player around the world means that the artist will

Many albums are fragmented, available on some platforms and not

have access to a much bigger global audience and thus have a much

available on others.

greater reach.
In addition, most existing platforms have adopted streaming models
6.1.2. Music fans

but not song sales. Because existing platforms are mostly streamingoriented, music fans don’t have a lot of “sunk cost” regarding purchased

OPUS offers a revolutionary platform for music fans that gives them

songs when switching platforms.

access to their music collection straight from the Cloud permanently,
rapidly, and wherever they wish.

It doesn’t hurt to switch to OPUS.

With the low barriers to entry, switching incentives, and the immutable

6.2.2. Switching incentives

nature of the blockchain and IPFS swarm, we can expect more artists
releasing their songs on OPUS than on traditional platforms. This will

OPUS will provide switching incentives through bounties and campaigns,

offer the average music-fan a much wider selection of tracks through the

but will also provide a superior user experience to existing platforms

OPUS-API players compared to existing fractured platforms.

with a highly skilled team User Interface/User Experience designers on
board. As research has found, better UI/UX is often the determining factor

With the artist bounty system, fans that are popular within their social
© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

for most people looking to switch platforms. By having a comparable
23

or better user experience, low latency and high scalability, we hope to

improvements need to be made to OPUS. This democratic system allows

overcome the network effect.

agile polling while ensuring that voters are represented and prevents

Governance and

Sybil voting as happens in other non-blockchain products. If we decide

marketing: Opus DAO

to implement this, it would have the following features:

7.1. OPUS Treasury
The OPUS marketing & development fund will be a fund derived from
all music sales on the OPUS smart contract. Our current plan is to

OPUS is an active member of the modern token economics era of trustby-computation, where the paradigm switches from trusting people to
trusting mathematics.
This includes:
•

cryptography based data immutability assurance,

•

transparent and immutable computer code-based token transfers
and financial data storage,

•

bounty programs – where every fan can generate revenue by
promoting their favorite artists,

•

curator’s revenues – where content quality manager can be rewarded
for his/her labor on making the best song playlists,

•

DAO – where every token’s holder is a business co-owner, with the
right to decide about its future: a form of digital direct democracy
among a digital society.

Being able to evolve separately from the core team is important.
Therefore, we are also considering implementing a DAO system within
the OPUS code. This system would allow music listeners to vote on what

© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

take approximately 2-3 % of the music sales, but this can be changed
depending on what the community wants when the Main net is released.
We are currently tweaking the numbers for the OPUS treasury.
We will be using this OPUS treasury to sponsor programs, not unlike
the Dash Master node fund [Duffield and Diaz]. However, anybody will
be able to vote, and their vote will be weighted accordingly based on
how many OPT they own. We weigh each vote by the amount of OPT the
voting address owns in order to protect against Sybil attacks.

7.2. Opus DAO
Any individual will be able to propose a request to the OPUS network.
However, proposals will burn 1000 OPT to stop spam. There will be a
1-month period for voting and submissions where the number of Yes/
No votes are weighted by the number of OPT tokens the voter holds.
Anybody can participate in this voting procedure.

7.3. Voting

24

framework, like the DAO in Dash. [Duffield and Diaz]. Users who own a significant amount of OPT, and who have the network’s best interests at heart, are
more likely to appreciate new features, and will be able to vote monthly on budget proposals submitted to the network. At the end of each month, OPT will
be granted to the winning feature proposals. This will be paid directly by the platform to develop new features or attract new artists.
Unused funds will be burnt each month, reducing the overall OPT supply and increasing the music value of each individual OPT token by allowing OPT
holders more access to music than before.

© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

25

OPUS actually can revolutionize digital music
through blockchain
© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

26

To make the best use of these funds, we will implement a monthly voting

blockchain-based service that is almost entirely decentralized, unlike

Case studies

many other “decentralized” platforms in existence today.
If Frank Ocean had published his album on the OPUS platform instead,
it would have been immutably stored within the IPFS swarm with

8.1. Why OPUS needs to be decentralized

corresponding smart contract IPFS hashes running on Ethereum. This
means Frank’s album would not have been able to be taken down by

Just two days after Frank Ocean’s “Blonde” - one of the biggest releases of

UMG, freeing Frank from his legal hassles and ensuring that he will

2016 - released on Apple’s iTunes, Lucian Grainge, CEO of Universal Music

always receive nearly 100% of the revenue his album generates.

Group (UMG), and widely regarded as the most powerful executive in
the music industry, reportedly ordered the company’s labels to stop the
practice of making “exclusive” distribution deals with streaming services.
One day later, the tracks were ordered to be shut down from Spotify and
Apple music by UMG against Frank’s wishes. These centralized services
had to comply. Frank Ocean could be facing charges of up to $2 million
USD against UMG and other recording outlets.
Issues like these are the reason why centralized platforms and contracts
are currently plaguing the music record industry. They tear artists
between dwindling traditional sources of revenue and exploitative online
services.
We wholeheartedly agree that ‘decentralization’ and ‘blockchain’ are the
buzzwords of today with numerous companies and institutes creating
“blockchain products” simply because of the growing popularity of the
blockchain. Many of these projects either fail to understand the meaning
of “decentralized” or simply don’t implement a fully decentralized product,
selling a pseudo-decentralized platform. The OPUS protocol is completely,
fundamentally, and technologically different. Our protocol delivers a truly
© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

8.2. The voracious musicophile who listens to a wide
selection of artists
Todd from Monaco is a heavy music listener. He listens to all types of
music including pop, metal, country, and folk. He also likes to travel
the world and enjoys listening to a wide variety of local songs such as
Congolese rumba, K-pop, and C-pop. His favorite artists are Aaron Parker,
Taylor Swift, and Thom York.
Unfortunately, there are many obstacles between Todd and his favorite
artists.
Todd’s local music library is over 30Gb large. He doesn’t want to carry it
around with him, so he uses streaming services. One existing platform,
unfortunately for Todd, is censored in Monaco. In fact, this platform is
banned in over 80 countries. Todd then turns to an alternative platform.
However, much to Todd’s dismay, many of his favorite artists, including
Taylor Swift, are not available on this service because of the standard

27

pricing scheme streaming services enforce. International music is also

it extremely difficult to find audio of this quality to listen to. Even though

very limited and fractured in the music streaming industry since every

he is willing to pay more for this quality, artists often do not release HD

streaming service uses their own infrastructure. This means that Todd

versions as streaming platforms often restrict the bit rate to 128Kbps.

has to use many international platforms in addition to the ones he already
uses.

Using OPUS, however, Jupiter can enjoy music at 640Kbps as long as
artists are willing to upload HD audio (and artists will, because they can

Nevertheless, Todd now uses a mix of platforms to listen to everything he

generate more revenue this way). Served straight from the scalable IPFS

wants. This is very frustrating to Todd, and he wishes there was a more

swarm, Jupiter and many other audiophiles like him can now enjoy a

unified solution.

wide selection of HD audio straight from any OPUS core or third-party
player.

This is where OPUS comes in. Using OPUS, Todd can purchase access to
the platform and listen to all songs stored on IPFS without any censorship

8.5. The amateur hip-hop artist releasing his first track

and limitations.
Claire writes music to her small group of fans on Facebook in her free

8.3. The music collector

time. She wants to release a track on an already established platform to
both broaden her reach and monetize her work. However, for emerging

Peter is in his late 40s. Throughout his life, his favorite hobby has been

artists like Claire, releasing a track is not easy. The high cost of registration

music collecting, yet now he is disappointed that music in the digital age

- along with publishers, labels and exploitative streaming platforms -

is fleeting and streamed. He wishes he could “own” songs online and be

means that Claire cannot receive the money she deserves.

able to stream even after “streaming sites” are abandoned.
With OPUS, however, Claire can register her track on the platform
The OPUS protocol revitalizes Peter’s dreams of being a music collector.

through the relay contract easily and cheaply. Claire can now reach a big

With OPUS, songs are stored forever on the permanent IPFS swarm, which

audience without the need to sign contracts. She can set the price she

means that access to the songs is practically only limited to situations

wants for her niche audience and know that she will receive all of her

when the subscription is not paid.

money transparently from any OPUS player.

8.4. The Audiophile

8.6. The established artist seeking a bigger audience

Jupiter is an audiophile who only listens to HD, 640Kbps audio. He finds

Frank already sells his tracks on other big platforms. He is tired of the fees

© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

28

these platforms take, giving him only 20–30% of the total revenue.
Using OPUS, Frank not only cuts out all the red tape surrounding these
centralized platforms but also generates much more revenue than he
ever has before. In addition, Frank feels more secure knowing that OPUS
will not suddenly increase fees or remove his songs from the platform.

8.7. The playlist wizard
People love the musical tastes of Marcus Stephan. In his spare time,
Marcus expertly crafts playlists enjoyed by millions of people across the
world. Marcus wishes there was a way he could make money from his
work.
On OPUS, Marcus generates revenue on songs being played from his
playlists by fans. Marcus is ecstatic. He can now create playlists containing
these tracks and get paid for sharing artists’ music. Marcus now does full
time playlist-crafting and earns a living doing it.

© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

29

JULY 2016

Started development
AUGUST 2016

Formed official OPUS development team
SEPTEMBER 2016

C++ custom Blockchain infrastructure.
OCTOBER 2016

Storage layer / infrastructure implementation (Sia, Storj, IPFS)
NOVEMBER 2016

Technical alpha
DECEMBER 2016

OPUS Ethereum smart contract development
JANUARY 2017

Seed round
MARCH 2017

Audit Opus Ethereum contract. Team expansion Opus API development

APRIL 2017

Optimizing the Opus UMRN registry. Added UI/UX and web designers. Working with small artists. Development on Artist
bounty system
MAY 2017

Beta release and optimization.
JUNE 2017

Security audit and press release, opusDAO beta testing. Official launch.

OCTOBER 2017

Move offices to Gdansk, Poland, and expand team by hiring new developers.
MAY 2018

Beta1 release (Ethereum testnet).
JUNE 2018

Onboarding hundreds of independent artists
JULY 2018

Outreach to the record labels
AUGUST 2018

Beta2 release (Ethereum mainnet).
OCTOBER 2018

Integration with Raidos / BigchainDB or others. Scaling. Off-chain / side-chain / sharding exploration.

Roadmap
Market analysis
10.1. Overview
OPUS solves this central issue by utilizing a permanent and immutable
IPFS swarm file storage system along with permanent smart contracts.
Our solution is a decentralized subscription based system with immutable
content, assuring that songs will be available anywhere and anytime.

10.2. OPUS market breakout
Initial adoption will always be a challenge for any platform. To overcome
this hurdle, what we plan is to target specific market segments.
10.2.1. International
Music today is often listened to by people from all around the world,
even by people who may not necessarily understand the language in
which a particular song is sung. This international market segment is set
to expand rapidly in the next few years. Currently, there does not exist a
unifying service that aggregates music from all over the world.
Our unique global API-based platform will enable this service from
inception. Music published from any part of the world will be instantly
referenced and searchable from any other location through the OPUS
© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

32

UMRN registry, enabling OPUS to take advantage of the growing international audience.
10.2.2. Niche markets
The music market is extremely niche-focused. Some existing platforms target the middle-income family audience while others target a younger collegeage market. This is interesting, as music is a very identity-focused medium. People like to associate with their specific brand or service which is what allows
them to connect with the music services.
OPUS, unlike existing streaming services, is API-based. This means that any company will be able to integrate the OPUS protocol and environment within
their own player. Doing so allows OPUS a significant competitive advantage. It allows OPUS to act as the foundation upon which different players can
operate within the music space.
OPUS has the potential to be greater than each music platform as it can target every niche market simultaneously with third-party API-based players.
10.2.3. Marketing
OPUS has dedicated resources to implement an aggressive marketing strategy. While the blockchain is still an emerging technology, OPUS will aim its
marketing primarily at people already familiar with this technology and its benefits. These enthusiasts will form the group of first users of the platforms.
This will be achieved by establishing OPUS as a global leader in the blockchain, sponsoring specialized conferences worldwide, organizing events, and
partnering with other blockchain startups.
Furthermore, OPUS is in the process of on-boarding hundreds of independent and less established artists seeking fair compensation for their work. This is
achieved by working closely with small, independent labels, music executives, artists with a vast network within the music industry, and word-of-mouth.
Once OPUS has an established fan-base and extensive choice of music, the marketing will shift somewhat to appeal to a larger audience. OPUS will reach
out to world-famous artists with fan-bases of millions of people, who will convert to OPUS. These artists will become brand-ambassadors for the platform
and will encourage their fans and other artists to join OPUS and reap the benefits of the blockchain. This will create a domino effect, with an increasing
number of artists joining OPUS.

© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

33

© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

34

Conclusion
With the advent of blockchain smart contracts and IPFS, there now exists the ability to construct an attractive way to securing both the content: tracks,
its metadata and playing statistics of an immutable physical file and a market-fair, automatic and transparent pricing and payment system between the
artist and fan.
This novel transparent, code-based governance system enables many exciting new opportunities in the music-distribution stack. What OPUS proposes
is a revolutionary concept of a fully decentralized music platform that resists loss-leader pricing and predatory fees - a system where artists are paid fairly,
and fans enjoy the music they love, wherever they are. With a fully functional OPUS beta1 release based on IPFS, Ethereum, API, off-chain database and
Web/Android/iOS players we have made this concept a reality.

With contributions provided by Philipp Siemek, Konrad Szałapak, and the whole OPUS team.
© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

35

Contact

info@opus-foundation.org

Bitcoin Talk

Youtube

Twitter

Reddit

Telegram

Facebook

WeChat

Blog

© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

36

References
[Benet ] Benet, J. (2014) ipfs - content addressed, versioned, p2p file system.
https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmR7GSQM93Cx5eAg6a6yRzNde1FQv7uL6X1o4k7zrJa3LX/ipfs.draft3.pdf
[Benet et al. ] Benet, J., Johnson, J., and Couder, C. (2015) ipfs specs.
https://github.com/wking/ipfs-specs
[Damodaran ] Damodaran, A. (2009) valuing young, start-up and growth companies: Estimation issues and valuation challenges. Stern School of Business,
New York University, may 2009.
[Duffield and Diaz ] Duffield, E. and Diaz, D. (2015) dash: A privacy-centriccrypto-currency.
https://www.dash.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/Dash-WhitepaperV1.pdf
[Filecoin ] Filecoin. (2014) filecoin: A cryptocurrency operated file storage network.
http://filecoin.io/filecoin.pdf
[IFPI ] IFPI. (2017) international federation of the phonographic industry. global music report 2017.
http://gmr.ifpi.org/about-the-report
[Jentzsch ] Jentzsch, C. Decentralized autonomous organization to automate governance - final draft.
https://download.slock.it/public/DAO/WhitePaper.pdf
[McCandless et al. ] McCandless, D., Quick, M., Hollowood, E., and Slater, T. Selling out: How much do music artists earn online. Information is beautiful.
[Nakamoto ] Nakamoto, S. (2008) bitcoin: a peer-to-peer electronic cash system.
https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf, 2008.
© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

37

[Pope et al. ] Pope, M. B., Warkentin, M., Mutchler, L. A., and Luo, X. R. (2012) the domain name system—past, present, and future. Journal. Communications
of the Association for Information Systems. Volume 30. (329-246).
[statista ] statista. (2016) music industry: Global music industry revenue and growth worldwide from 2012 and 2021 (in billions u.s dollars).
https://www.statista.com/statistics/259979/global-music-industry-revenue/
[Towns ] Towns, R. Music metadata style guide v2. (2014). music business association.
https://musicbiz.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/MusicMetadataStyleGuide-MusicBiz-FINAL2.0.pdf
[wood ] wood, G. Ethereum: a secure decentralised generalised transaction ledger vi.
http://gavwood.com/paper.pdf, 2014.

© 2018 OPUS Stream Limited

38

