More Intelligent Platform Designed for Higher Liquidity

16th Dec
2017
www.otcbtc.com
White Paper
V0.3

Project Background
With blockchain technology developing so quickly and gaining increasing usage in most sectors,
the activities of the global OTC(over-the-counter) trade has been boosted and the use of
cryptocurrency have gained serious diversiﬁcation, especially as regards to trade and business
models, which connects the OTC and the exchange more closely.
The exchange between cryptocurrency and ﬁat money is vital to the ecological chain of
cryptocurrency. At present, cryptocurrency and ﬁat money can only be traded through the OTC
in most countries in the world.
In general, there is no ﬁxed place, no provisions for membership and no strict regulations for
OTC. It is mainly person-to-person trade conducted by individuals through private negotiation.
OTC is currently developing rapidly all around the globe. The chart below is part of the BTC-CNY
OTC trading volume movements that happened per day on certain platforms in 2017.

Introduction of OTCBTC Platform
Overview
Currently, Localbitcoins is the largest OTC for cryptocurrency in the world. Localbitcoins was
founded in 2012 and mainly deals with Bitcoin, without supporting other currencies.
However, with the the rapid development of the blockchain technology, over the years, at least
two hundred or more cryptocurrencies have appeared besides Bitcoin in within the past 5
years. Apart from Bitcoin, there is also a strong demand for many other cryptocurrencies listed
on OTC market, such cryptocurrencies as ETH, EOS, LTC, USDT, QTUM etc. are becoming a hot
cake demand.
Moreover, trends are changing fast, many other cryptocurrency exchanges springing up like
mushrooms, the demand for OTC platform too is increasing sharply. Nevertheless, there has
been no revolutionary changes in the ﬁeld of OTC trading platforms for years.

This article focuses on a smart digital trading platform OTCBTC, which is charged with a
responsibility of allowing your assets to ﬂow freely.

What is OTCBTC?
OTCBTC was founded in September 2017 by a Taiwanese development team who were
fascinated with blockchain technology. With an adoption of KYC (Know Your Customer)
procedure and impartial scoring mechanism, OTCBTC is committed to providing global users
with a secure, easy-to-use and reliable blockchain powered service by engaging its rich
experience in exchanges and applications of foreign ﬁnance, in order to create a smart trading
platform that allows your assets to ﬂow freely.

2.1 What OTCBTC has achieved:
With its advancing technology, OTC trades between three ﬁat money (TWD, HKD, CNY), and
within just one month eight cryptocurrencies (BTC, ETH, EOS, BCH, QTUM, GXS, Zcash, USDT)
can now be traded in OTCBTC.
Irrespective of location, people can now trade cryptocurrency in an easy and secure way with
online payments.
Sellers can post a sale oﬀer on the platform with explanation of payment methods and
exchange rate, allowing buyers the liberty choose a suitable seller to trade with directly online
according to their own needs.
During the trade, the cryptocurrency is locked within the encrypted wallet of the OTCBTC
platform. Users trading on this website are all subject to identity veriﬁcation through the KYC
mechanism.
It is reliable and convenient for users to consummate the entire trade here. It only takes 0.7
minutes to make an average OTC deal in OTCBTC.

2.2 What is forthcoming on OTCBTC platform:
Based on the of existing OTC trades, OTCBTC platform is developing a smarter and more
advanced exclusive engines and mechanisms to enable semi-automatic OTC trade as a way
to substantially increase trade eﬃciency.
OTCBTC will publish iOS / Android apps to signiﬁcantly accelerate the trading through
mobile devices within six months.
OTCBTC will develop trading interfaces in English, Japanese, Korean and Russian versions
within six months.
Trade support for the exchange between at least ten major ﬁat and cryptocurrencies will
be enabled within six months. It will be signiﬁcantly optimized according to diﬀerent
trading practices and conventions of each country.
OTCBTC currently has been in talks with a number of cryptocurrency wallets, to discuss the
integration of a built-in OTC trade entry.
OTCBTC will develop a unique mechanism to dramatically optimize the liquidity among
cryptocurrency assets, therefore all businesses will not be limited to only OTC trade. The
ultimate goal is to develop a new type and fully functional exchange distinct from existing
exchange mechanisms.

3. Data of OTCBTC:
On 2017/10/26, the project completed its cold start without any endorsement from
cryptocurrency celebrities.
20 days after opening: The single-day turnover reached 10 million CNY, while the
cumulative turnover was up to 100 million CNY.
30 days after opening: The cumulative turnover reached 200 million CNY.
32 days after opening: The single-day turnover exceeded 20 million CNY.
35 days after opening: The cumulative turnover reached 300 million CNY.
40 days after opening: The cumulative turnover reached 500 million CNY.
50 days after opening: The single-day turnover recorded 56 million CNY, while the
cumulative turnover reached 700 million CNY.

Operational Data after 50 Days of Opening Dayғ
Number of registered users have grown more than 25,000, with at least 18000 active users
every day.
More than 70,000 orders were accumulated.
The cumulative turnover reached 700 million CNY, while the highest single-day turnover
came to 56 million CNY.
On the 30th day after opening, the company proﬁtility rose with a commission of 0.1%,
and the proﬁt is still growing rapidly.
Six cryptocurrencies EOS, GXS, BCH, Zcash, QTUM, USDT are available online at a speed of
one currency every week.
Net Promoter Score scored 70 points, a new world-record that far exceeded the average

value of the general Internet industry products and even many ﬁrst-tier exchanges (27
points).
PV (page views) was up to 860,000 among which the highest UV(un-repeat visitors) was up
to 200,000 in a single day. The average length of stay of users was 28:30, bounce rate of
21.62%.

4. Advantages of OTCBTC Platformғ
4.1 Safe and reliable
OTCBTC adopts an advanced multi-cluster system architecture to ensure security, stability, high
performance and scalability. Functional deployment and update without downtime was
enabled to maximizes user's experience.

4.2 Total Liquidity
On average, there are 4-8 orders concluded on OTCBTC every minute, with each order being
delivered in not more than one minute. The provision of adequate liquidity for the platform
gives users a good trading experience.

4.3 Support a variety of ﬁat money
The platform currently supports three types of ﬁat money TWD, HKD, and CNY for OTC trading.
In the future, more than 15 ﬁat money will be online, promoting the liquidity of assets in
diﬀerent countries around the world.

4.4 Support a variety of cryptocurrency
On average, one token is listed per week. At present, the platform has implemented eight
cryptocurrencies: BTC, ETH, EOS, GXS, BCH, Zcash, QTUM and USDT. More cryptocurrencies with
high market share will be available in the future.

4.5 Swift iterative development
The development team consists of famous elites in the internet industry. They have a better
nose for product and faster technology iteration, which is signiﬁcantly exceeding the industry
level of normal exchanges. All customer requirements can be achieved timely.

4.6 Eﬃcient and smooth
The platform provides users with ultimate experiences in an eﬃcient and smooth way, because
the trades on OTCBTC can be delivered within only 0.7 minutes on average.

4.7 Trustworthy and credible
The platform drastically reduces the risk of fraud on OTC trading platforms by introducing the
professional KYC mechanism. Through sophisticated safety detection mechanisms and easy-toread as well as high-quality teaching documents, it eﬀectively improves the customer’s
awareness of account keeping and reduces the risk of account intrusion. At the same time, the
anti-money laundering mechanism has been strengthened through a professional third party
(Jumio, a document veriﬁcation system adopted by mainstream currencies globally). Up till now,
no accident has occurred in which the customer’s ATM card was frozen.

4.8 Professional service
The platform is customer-oriented to provide users with caring services, fast KYC veriﬁcation,
and good trading experience.

4.9 User-friendly interface
WEB version

Mobile version (under development)

5. Project Team:
Yiting Cheng (Xdite) - the founder of OTCBTC
Champion of 2012 Facebook World Hackathon
ico.info CTO - Led the team to develop and launch a project within 42 days
otcbtc.com CEO - Led the team to develop and launch a project and within 31 days
A continuous entrepreneur with technical background and ten-year experience in
development, who had served as technical director of several multinational large and
medium-sized technical development teams in the past.
Taiwan’s well-known growth hacker
Team performance: OTCBTC website, breaking even and making proﬁt within 30 days.

6. Project Roadmap:
2017.10 - OTCBTC is online
2017.12 - OTB token ICO launched
2018.Q1 – OTCBTC mobile apps are released
2018 Q1 - Exclusive Express Trading System is online
2018 Q2 – Launch its exclusive matching engine
2018 Q2 - Multilingual version is supported

OTB Token
The token issued by OTCBTC platform is OTCBTC Token, referred to as "OTB" for short. The total
number of OTB is 200 million and will never increase any more. The OTB is a decentralized
blockchain digital asset based on Ethereum according to ERC20 standard.

Value of OTB
1. Oﬀset Trading Fee
OTB will be activated online in 2018 Q1 to set oﬀ against the transaction fee on the platform.
No matter what token you trade, if you need to pay the trading fee and you had held enough
OTB, the system will discount the fee that you have to pay and convert the value to OTB by
market capitalization. Then you can pay the trading fee with OTB.
First year: 50%
Second year: 25%
Third year: 12.5%
Fourth year: 6.75%
After the ﬁfth year: no discount

2. Fast trading bridge
OTB will be part of the fast-trading system, serving as a mechanism for fast settlement and as a
bridge of guaranteed function to improve the trade eﬃciency on the platform.

OTB repurchase mechanism
OTCBTC will use 20% of the quarterly net proﬁt to repurchase OTB every quarter after the
matching engine is launched. The repurchased OTB will be directly destroyed and the buy-back
records will be released immediately. Users can search information through the blockchain
browser to ensure that it keeps open and transparent until only 100 million OTB are left.
Funding utilization plan
35% of the funds raised from public sale will be used for the functional development,
system operation and maintenance of the OTCBTC platform, including rewarding team
members and R&D expenditure.
50% is to be used for branding and operation promotion of the platform, including to
continuously promote and popularize the platform to traditional industries and blockchain
industries, and to provide ﬁnancial support for various marketing activities, so as to ensure
that the platform can gain market recognition within a short period and rapidly attract
trading users;
15% of the funds will be retained in the company to pay various emergency spending.

OTB ICO rules
ICO Period: 2017/12/18 ~ 2017/12/23
Total token supply: 200 million.
Distribution: 100 million OTB are for the exchange within the website. The team will keep
80 million for the expense of development and marketing (unfreeze OTB tokens in 4
years). 20 million are owned by early-stage investors.
Price: It will be settled in accordance with the proportion of sales after issuance.
Token involved: It can only be purchased with ETH. The target number is 40000 ETH. If the
contribution did not meet the standard, a certain amount of tokens would be destroyed in

proportion.

Distribution rule
50% is for crowdsale, while 40% is held by the team and 10% is held by the early stage investors.

Participation rule
OTB token crowdsale starts from 00:00 (UTC + 8 Taipei) on December 18, 2017 on the oﬃcial
website.
On December 18, it will be only open to Mil1 members from earlier events to complete the
contribution: Mil1 members’ maximum contribution is 50 ETH, and enjoy a 15% discount.
Failure of contribution shall be deemed as a waiver by the users and the retention quota is
overdue.
On December 19, it will be open to users with limit contribution. Users who participate in
ICO on December 19 can enjoy a discount of 5%. Failure of participation shall be deemed
as a waiver by the users and the retention quota is overdue.
From December 20 - December 23, other OTCBTC platform users will have the opportunity
to participate in the ICO, and there is no maximum contribution. There will be no gift token
discount at this stage.

Maximum contribution rules:
The contribution limit is due to be announced between December 16 and December 17.
(settlement cycle: 2017/10/26 - 2017/12/15 23:59)
The contribution limit can be increased in three ways:
If users post sales oﬀers in OTCBTC and your each successful trade is equal to a 5000 CNY
order, 1 more “contribution limit” will be added to ETH.
Inviting friends into OTCBTC. If friends “who post sale oﬀer and their each successful trade
is equal to a 5000 CNY order ", the maximum contribution limit can increase 0.2 ETH.
Note: The maximum contribution is only the maximum amount for common users who can
participate in ICO on December 19 to convert. Whether or not to participate in the ICO depends
on the remaining number of tokens in real time.

Risk Warning and Disclaimer
This document is for informational purposes only and does not constitute any advice regarding
the sale and/or purchase of OTCBTC’s shares or securities. Any proposals or solicitations alike
will be made under credible terms and with the applicable securities laws and other relevant
laws. The above information or analysis does not constitute investment decisions, or speciﬁc
recommendations. This document does not constitute any investment advice, investment
intentions or instigation of investment in the form of securities. This document does not
constitute and should not be understood as any oﬀering involving sale or purchase, nor any
invitation to buy or sell securities of any kind, nor is any formal contract or commitment.

OTCBTC clearly expressed the intention to remind the user of understanding the risks of
OTCBTC platform. Any users who participate in ICO is regarded to have understood and
accepted the risks of the project, and is willing to bear all the corresponding results or
consequences personally.
OTCBTC clearly disclaims any direct or indirect damages that result from any participation in the
OTB project, including:
1. Any economic loss caused by the user's own operation during trade;
2. Any errors, omissions or inaccuracies made by the individual’s misunderstanding;
3. Personal economic loss and any resulting behavior when trading various blockchain assets
.
The OTB is a utility token used by the platform, instead of any investment tool or tokenized
securities.
We can not guarantee of the rise of OTB value, which in some cases may also have the potential
to suﬀer impairment. People who do not properly use their OTB may lose the right to use OTB
and may even lose their OTB.
OTB are not a type of ownership or right of control. Controlling OTB does not mean the
ownership of OTCBTC or its platform. OTB does not grant any individual any rights to
participate, control, or make any decision regarding the OTCBTC and its platform.

Risk Reminder
Many cryptocurrency exchanges ceased operation due to security concerns. We place great
emphasis on safety, but there is absolutely no 100% safety in the world, for example: losses
caused by force majeure. We promise to do everything possible to ensure the security of your
trade.
Please carefully evaluate your ﬁnancial situation and be sure that you are able to withstand the
risks involved in the project.

FAQ
1 . How should I participate in the ICO?
This ICO only allows OTCBTC users to participate:
Mil1 members will participate in the retention quota purchase on December 18. All
whitelist user have a retention quota of 50 ETH, which is guaranteed convertible success
and at the same time enjoy a 15% gift token discount. If the user does not participate in
ICO timely, then it will be viewed as an initiative to give up, retention quota overdue and
discount invalid.
Users with the "contribution limit" will participate in the limited quantity contribution on
December 19. Participating users can enjoy a 5% gift token discount on that day. If the
contribution limit fails to participate in ICO of the day, it will be regarded as an initiative to
give up. Retention quota of overdue and discount will become invalid.
Ordinary users can participate in ICO from December 20 to 23 without limit credit. There
will be no gift token discount at this stage.
2 . What is my contribution limit?
Mil1 members have a retention contribution limit of 50 ETH, only valid on December 18.
Users who meet "maximum contribution" condition are qualiﬁed to retain “contribution
limit”, which will be only valid on December 19 and can be viewed at https://otcbtc.com/ac
count/tokens. (Note: The contribution limit is only the maximum amount that the user can
purchase on December 19, and success or not depends on the current remaining number
of tokens of the project.)
From December 21 to 23, all users of the platform will have the right to purchase all the
remaining amount.
3 . When does the ICO start?
Mil1 members can make contribution since December 18 when participating in ICO of
retention quota, have the limit on December 19, and purchase all the remaining amount
during December 20-23 .
The user who have the "limited contribution" can start purchasing on December 19, and
can participate in contribution limit on December 19, and purchase all the remaining
amount during December 20-23 as well.
It is open to all other users from December 20 to 23.
4 . If total contribution did not reach the cap of public sale, how would you deal with the
remaining tokens?
The platform allows 100 million OTB for public sale. If the total contribution does not reach the
limit in ICO period, the corresponding OTB tokens share will be destroyed.
5 . Will the token be issued again?
OTB has totaled 200 million, and will never be issued any more.
6 . What’s the date for settlement and payment?

The ﬁnal amount of token purchase has been settled in OTCBTC’s personal wallet by 31
December, 2017.
7 . Is there a lockup period for the OTB in this sale?
OTB Token for this sale to the public has no lockup period.
The ability OTB tokens could be transferred within the website has been enabled since 1
January, 2018.
8 . When can I transfer OTB tokens to my own wallet? Will it be listed? Which exchange will it be
listed on?
After the trading engine has been launched on crypto exchange, OTB ERC token can be
transferred to your wallet. It will ﬁrstly be listed on the exchange of OTCBTC.
9 . What is the business model of this project?
OTCBTC will pay 20% of the quarterly net proﬁt from the platform to repurchase OTB every
quarter after the launch of matching engine. The repurchased OTB will be directly destroyed
and the buyback records will be released immediately. Users can look up the information
through blockchain browser to ensure that it is open and transparent, until only 100 million of
OTB are left.
10 . Where is OTCBTC registered? Is it taking any risk of violating local regulations?
OTCBTC is operated and registered in Taiwan with the company name of ANJIAOSUO
Technology Ltd, whose legal adviser is WISETEAM law ﬁrm. In Taiwan, cryptocurrency is
considered as a type of commodity. According to local laws, the company can legally practice
OTC trade and the exchange of both ﬁat and cryptocurrency.
11 . Contact
Telegram Community
English https://t.me/otcbtc_en
Chinese https://t.me/otcbtc_cn
Oﬃcial Blog https://medium.com/otcbtc
Project Details https://otcbtc.com/account/tokens

