PENGUIN COIN WHITE PAPER

1|P age

PENGUIN COIN WHITE PAPER

Penguin Coin
White Paper
Version 1.0.0
June 18, 2018
http://penguincoin.co/

Name: Penguin Coin
Ticker: PENG
algo : quark
mode : pos/mn
rpc : 3181
p2p : 3182
stake age : 1 hours
PENG FINAL FIGURES
Maximum supply - 17,147,480,000
Distributed over 52,560,000 Blocks.
MN Collateral - 5.000.000 Coins
Block Time- 60 seconds
Stake time- 60 seconds
2|P age

PENGUIN COIN WHITE PAPER

Abstract
This paper introduces and outlines the key features of the Penguin Coin
crypto-currency, including the rationale behind the design choices.
Penguin Coin is based on the PIVX code with MasterNode (MN) and
Proof of Stake (PoS) functionality built in, as well as adding features
such as Autonomous Charitable Transfers (ACTs) that allow Penguin
Coin to make regular and immediate donations, funded exclusively by
MN rewards, to a global charity network .
Some care has also been taken to explain several core concepts and
technologies ubiquitous to crypto-currencies so that this paper can serve
as a self-contained guide to Penguin Coin even for readers not familiar
with crypto-currency in general.

3|P age

PENGUIN COIN WHITE PAPER

Contents
1. Introduction
1.1.
Intro To Penguin Coin
1.2.
Blockchain
1.3.
Structure
1.4.
Blocks
1.5.
Block Time
1.6.
Decentralization
2. PENG: The Driving Force
2.1.
Mission

3. Goals and Objectives
3.1.
Enable Positive Change
3.2.
Penguin Coin Development
3.3.
Widespread Adoption

4. Technology
4.1.
What is a Masternode?
4.2.
Proof Of Stake Overview
4.3.
Privacy Token

5. Roadmap and Projects

4|P age

PENGUIN COIN WHITE PAPER

1. INTRODUCTION
1.1.

Penguin Coin

Cryptocurrency began with Bitcoin in 2008. A purely peer-to-peer
version of electronic cash that would allow online payments to be
sent directly from one party to another without the use of a
financial institution. Many alternative cryptocurrencies would soon
follow. We are at the start of a cryptocurrency boom that has the
potential to change the world dramatically.
Penguin Coin intends to be a major part of this global change. With
a committed development team, Penguin Coin plans to become an
integral part of donating to global aid and humanitarian efforts.
Helping the future with blockchain. Penguin Coin is inspired by a
creature that routinely endures and overcomes tough conditions
just to survive. Man-made and natural disasters are sadly very
much features of the world we live in and so we must strive to
provide much needed assistance to the less fortunate, irrespective
of their location or background.

1.2.

Blockchain

A blockchain, is a continuously growing list of records, called
blocks, which are linked and secured using cryptography. Each
block contains a cryptographic hash of the previous block, a
timestamp, and transaction. By design, a blockchain is resistant to
modification of the data. It is "an open, distributed ledger that can
record transactions between two parties efficiently and in a
5|P age

PENGUIN COIN WHITE PAPER

verifiable and permanent way. For use as a distributed ledger, a
blockchain is typically managed by a peer-to-peer network
collectively adhering to a protocol for inter-node communication
and validating new blocks. Once recorded, the data in any given
block cannot be altered retroactively without alteration of all
subsequent blocks, which requires consensus of the network
majority.

1.3.

Structure

A blockchain is a decentralized, distributed and public digital
ledger that is used to record transactions across many computers
so that the record cannot be altered retroactively without the
alteration of all subsequent blocks and the consensus of the
network. This allows the participants to verify and audit
transactions inexpensively. A blockchain database is managed
autonomously using a peer-to-peer network and a distributed
timestamping server. They are authenticated by mass
collaboration powered by collective self-interests. The result is a
robust workflow where participants' uncertainty regarding data
security is marginal. The use of a blockchain removes the
characteristic of infinite reproducibility from a digital asset. It
confirms that each unit of value was transferred only once,
solving the long-standing problem of double spending.
Blockchains have been described as a value-exchange protocol.
This blockchain-based exchange of value can be completed
quicker, safer and cheaper than with traditional systems.

6|P age

PENGUIN COIN WHITE PAPER

1.4.

Blocks

Blocks hold batches of valid transactions that are hashed and
encoded. Each block includes the cryptographic hash of the prior
block in the blockchain, linking the two. The linked blocks form a
chain. This iterative process confirms the integrity of the previous
block, all the way back to the original genesis block.

1.5.

Block time

The block time is the average time it takes for the network to
generate one extra block in the blockchain. Some blockchains
create a new block as frequently as every five seconds. By the
time of block completion, the included data becomes verifiable. In
cryptocurrency, this is practically when the transaction takes
place, so a shorter block time means faster transactions.

1.6.

Decentralization

By storing data across its peer-to-peer network, the blockchain
eliminates a number of risks that come with data being held
centrally.
Peer-to-peer blockchain networks lack centralized points of
vulnerability that computer crackers can exploit; likewise, it has no
central point of failure. Blockchain security methods include the
use of public-key cryptography.

7|P age

PENGUIN COIN WHITE PAPER

A public key (a long, random-looking string of numbers) is an
address on the blockchain. Value tokens sent across the network
are recorded as belonging to that address.
A private key is like a password that gives its owner access to
their digital assets or the means to otherwise interact with the
various capabilities that blockchains now support. Data stored on
the blockchain is generally considered incorruptible.
Every node in a decentralized system has a copy of the
blockchain. Data quality is maintained by massive database
replication and computational trust. No centralized "official" copy
exists and no user is "trusted" more than any other. Transactions
are broadcast to the network using software. Mining nodes
validate transactions, add them to the block they are building, and
then broadcast the completed block to other nodes.

8|P age

PENGUIN COIN WHITE PAPER

2. PENG: THE DRIVING FORCE
2.1.

MISSION

Penguin Coin strives to provide the world with an easy to use,
functional and meaningful cryptocurrency. A cryptocurrency of both
utility and charity. A coin which can reach across borders and
barriers to quickly and securely provide support where it is needed
most.
The central idea behind Penguin Coin is to provide essential aid and
help to people and animals in need, regardless of background or
location. Man-made and natural disasters are sadly still very much
features of the world we live in and routinely imperil the lives of
humans and animals alike.
As a result, the Penguin Coin network will generate and distribute
funds to international organizations known for their efficiency and
honesty as well as smaller scale local efforts that have been
verified by Penguin Coin environmental ambassadors and the
Penguin Coin community
Since full transparency is also one of the key pillars of the project, all
generated funds will be in a publicly visible wallet on the blockchain,
and all donations can be tracked and will be communicated through
various media.

9|P age

PENGUIN COIN WHITE PAPER

3. Goals and Objectives
Penguin Coin (ticker PENG) strives to achieve a number of goals. In
order to do so, PENG must successfully navigate through or
implement a series of steps or objectives. Summarised below are the
core goals of the coin and the mechanisms or steps on which these
goals are contingent.

3.1 Enable Positive Change
Enable positive change to a broad array of humanitarian and animal
welfare efforts globally.

Objectives
• Central to achieving this goal will be to extensively leverage
blockchain technology to enable rapid, low to zero cost
cross-border donations of PENG into relief organisations. To
do so, it is critical for PENG to forge strategic partnerships
with several major influential humanitarian / animal welfare
organisations with initial selection contingent on their
effectiveness (i.e. ability to deliver a high percentage of
donations to the targeted cause). These organisations will
integrate PENG into their list of approved payment methods
which in turn will open the door to donations from PENG
users. Note that many charities already accept BTC, despite
its limitations.
•

Design proprietary Blockchain based tools to facilitate the
integration of PENG into the workflow of aid organisations.
Successfully integrating these tools ensure all donations
submitted in PENG will be used as efficiently as possible by
the target organisations..

• Implement Autonomous Charitable Transfers (ACTs). A 5%
slice of all Masternode pay-outs is siloed off into a
transparent, public wallet and periodically transferred to our
partner charities
10 | P a g e

PENGUIN COIN WHITE PAPER

3.2 Develop Penguin Coin
Develop PENG and its community into a sustainable, stable
ecosystem.

Objectives:
• Develop scrypt algorithm to permit seamless integration of
modifications and functional enhancements. This important
design choice will ensure that the code can readily adapt to
future technology developments.
•

Base PENG on PoS (Proof of Stake), which is a green
algorithm (i.e. computationally not intensive).

• Introduce a system of Governance in the Masternode so that
all future decisions can be taken in conjunction with the
community. A small percentage of Masternode coins We will
introduce a system of Governance in the Masternode. A
small percentage of Masternode coins generated will be fed
back into PENG development to ensure we can devote the
necessary resources to improving the coin with new features
to remain competitive and boosting the PENG development
teams capacity.
• Listen to community feedback and integrate features on the
community wish list. Maintain a constant dialogue with the
community through various social media platforms.

• Ensure PENG is as transparent as possible in its activities
with respect to ACT, charity selection and development
roadmap.

11 | P a g e

PENGUIN COIN WHITE PAPER

3.3 Widespread Adoption

Objectives:
1. Maximise PENG accessibility by launching PENG on a broad
array of platforms from iOS, Android, Windows, Linux, Mac and
Web. approach for improving this currency.
2. Maintain and continuously develop a clear, concise website
and marketing material that outline the core features and
advantages of using PENG.
3. Add a marketing department to our team to significantly
expand our presence on social media networks and create
informative media content in the form of videos and infographics
and to engage in targeted advertisements through various
channels.
4.

Introduce a PENG virtual store on our website.

5. Open physical stores in strategic locations globally to expand
PENGs reach beyond purely digital.

12 | P a g e

PENGUIN COIN WHITE PAPER

4. Technology
Penguin Coin is a new alternative cryptocurrency and is open-source,
uses peer-to-peer technology to function with no central authority,
and relies on scrypt algorithm for proof of work.

4.1.

WHAT IS A MASTERNODE?

Masternodes are nodes running the same wallet software on the
same blockchain to provide extra services to the network. These
services include:
•
•
•
•
•

Anonymization increased privacy of transactions
Instant transactions
A decentralized governance
A decentralized budgeting system
Immutable proposal and voting systems.

For providing such services, Masternodes are also paid a certain
portion of reward for each block. This can serve as a passive income
to the Masternode owners minus their running cost.
Because of their increased capabilities, Masternodes typically require
a sizable investment in order to run. But this is where incentivization
comes into play, as Masternode operators are rewarded by earning
portions of block rewards in whatever given cryptocurrency they’re
facilitating.

13 | P a g e

PENGUIN COIN WHITE PAPER

4.2.

Proof Of Stake Overview

To achieve consensus; Proof of Stake (PoS) requires nodes running
a wallet software proving that it has coins in the blockchain in order to
verify a block of transactions. The participating nodes receive an
amount of blocks proportional to their stake per set period as a form
of reward.
This means that with lots of participating nodes (with roughly even
amounts of coins) the network becomes very secure due to the
increased difficulty of owning a majority of coins in the network.

Algorithm: Quark
Coins Max Supply: 17,147,480,000
Distributed over 52,560,000 Blocks.
Block Time: 60 Sec
Reward System: Proof Of Stake / Masternode
Coin Maturity: 60 Blocks

14 | P a g e

PENGUIN COIN WHITE PAPER

4.3 Privacy Token
The underlying code for Penguin Coin is PIVX base.
It utilizes a network of masternodes for an openly visible
decentralized governance and increased transaction
privacy.
The main goal is to achieve near instant private
transactions and a governance that helps sustain the network for
the benefit of all the users involved. While we are well on our
way to achieving this, some of the features are under development
and should appear in the near future.
Zerocoin is a very well respected 3rd party project that seeks to fix a
major weakness of Bitcoin, namely the inability to unlink transactions
from the public ledger (i.e. privacy). In order to imbue PENG with
100% untraceable, anonymous and secure sending / receiving, we
have leveraged the powerful technology suite of Zerocoin and so
refer to this new variant as zPENG. zPENG will be enabled at block
10,000,001.
zPENG is 100% private and fungible. It is anonymous and
untraceable. Every coin sent has no transaction history. Large
wallets, attractive to scammers, are totally opaque. zPENG are stored
by the zerocoin protocol into a shared, decentralized pool and the
blockchain perfectly tracks the amount in circulation. Whenever a
user wishes to send zPENG to another wallet address, the senders
wallet issues a zero-knowledge proof to the blockchain which coverts
some of the zPENG in the pool back to PENG and sends to the
recipient in a single step process. As long as a spender can provide
zero-knowledge proof of zPENG ownership within the shared pool,
new zPENG will be created. This essentially unlinks the coins
transaction history from any previous addresses, which in turn makes
the transaction untraceable.

15 | P a g e

PENGUIN COIN WHITE PAPER

5. Roadmap

16 | P a g e

