W H I T E
B E T A
F I N A N C I A L

P A P E R
0 , 9
P R O P O S A L

J A N U A R Y

2 0 1 8
1

3 0

T A B L E

O F

C O N T E N T S

I INTRODUCTION
1 BACKGROUND
2 BLOCKCHAIN
2.1 CRYPTOCURRENCIES AND TOKENS
3 VENEZUELA’S OPPORTUNITY
4 P E T R O
4.1 PETRO DESCRIPTION
4.2 EMISSION AND INITIAL OFFER
5 STATE BACKING
6 ECOSYSTEM DEVELOPMENT
7
7.1
7.2
7.3
7.4

PETRO’S INITIAL OFFER
EMISSION AND DISTRIBUTION
INITIAL OFFER FUND DESTINATION
CONDITIONS AND INCENTIVES FOR THE INITIAL OFFER
OF THE CRYPTOASSET
PURCHASE AND EXCHANGE

2

E X E C U T I V E

S U M M A R Y

Petro (PTR) has its origin in the idea of president Hugo Chavez of a strong currency backed by raw
materials. Its background dates back to proposals for global financial and monetary coordination prior to the
hegemony of the US dollar, which resurfaced after the financial crisis of the late 1990s.
The blockchain allows the transfer of value and information, without third parties, they provide the tools to
successfully face the challenge of creating platforms and financial instruments that are transparent, efficient
and inclusive.
Petro will be a sovereign crypto asset backed by oil assets and issued by the Venezuelan State as a spearhead
for the development of an independent, transparent and open digital economy open to direct participation of
citizens. It will also serve as a platform for the growth of a fairer financial system that contributes to development, autonomy and trade between emerging economies.
Venezuelan oil assets will be used to promote the adoption of crypto assets and technologies based on the
country´s block-chain. The State shall promote and encourage the use of Petro with a view to consolidating it
as an investment option, savings mechanism and means of exchange with State services, industry, commerce,
and citizens in general.
The Venezuelan population will have at their reach a technology that will allow them having a valuable reserve
and robust means of payment to stimulate savings and contribute to the country’s development.
Petro will be an instrument for Venezuela’s economic stability and financial independence, coupled with an
ambitious and global vision for the creation of a freer, more balanced and fairer international financial system.

3

I N T R O D U C T I O N

The adoption of blockchain technology in the global marketplace is not simply a temporary trend or fashion, but
a firm and continuous shift towards a future in which the management of personal, institutional and potentially
state finances will become easier, straightforward, quicker and more transparent.1 2 3
Two of the applications of this technology, cryptocurrency and tokens, stand out in popularity. Such instruments
are convenient for a global society because they allow greater efficiency, speed and freedom in all types of
transactions, especially for international trade.
Its use has generated a universe of opportunities that have the potential to alter conventional business practices, especially in industries based on intermediation for exchange or verification, such as finance, trade,
manufacturing and even in areas of human knowledge that usually adopt technological innovations in longer
terms, such as law and politics.
There is still a critical mass of cryptocurrency adoption among investors, entrepreneurs, consumers, institutions
and even governments, as an alternative to value and information transfer: by early 2017, the number of cryptocurrency assets users worldwide was estimated to be around three million 4. However, the explosive growth in
supply, market capital and initial offers (ICOs) 5 6 are clear indicators of significant growth in the user base over
the past year 7.

¹ https://hbr.org/2017/03/the-blockchain-will-do-to-banks-and-law-firms-what-the-internet-did-to-media
2

http://capitalmarketsblog.accenture.com/blockchain-technology-a-fad-or-here-to-stay

3

https://www.jpmorgan.com/global/distributed-ledger-technology

4

https://www.jbs.cam.ac.uk/fileadmin/user_upload/research/centres/alternative-finance/downloads/2017-global-cryptocurrency-benchmarking-study.pdf

5

https://www.forbes.com/sites/chancebarnett/2017/09/23/inside-the-meteoric-rise-of-icos

6

http://uk.businessinsider.com/ico-mangrove-capital-average-returns-crypto-icos-2017-10

7

http://http://www.coinmarketcap.com

4

I N T R O D U C T I O N

The development of the crypto asset ecosystem is based on the revolutionary idea of technological substitution
of trust. The work model on which they are based emerged as an ingenious mechanism that combines networks,
computing power and incentives for collaborative work to ensure the integrity of information, long with traceability
and transparency in exchanges. Additionally, since it places the management of financial resources directly in
people’s hands, it proposes a different approach to electronic finance security.
However, despite the inherent advantages of blockchains, so far there are only projects, ideas and aspirations to
create cryptocurrencies with the backing of a sovereign state. With Petro, Venezuela aspires to become the global
leader of an economic initiative that makes it possible to take advantage of the value of its natural resources in an
innovative way by developing and promoting the adoption of a cryptocurrency in the country.
Petro is breaking in with a promising outlook, taking advantage of:
•
•
•
•
•

The early maturity of blockchain technology
A market of more than thir ty million people eager for savings, investment and international
exchange instruments
A world-renowned oil industry
The participation of allied governments
Enthusiastic promoters of cryptocurrency for the development of a new worldwide economy

Petro will have the capacity to overcome blockages, delays and limitations of the traditional financial system,
favoring the growth of a new economic ecosystem based on trust, integrity, transparency, efficiency and speed
that guarantees the technology of blockchains.
The objective of this document is to describe the technical foundations of Petro’s development as an instrument for
exchange, savings, investment and technological platform. The following will establish the historical-social and
economic bases that inspire the development of the instrument, the structure of the global and national market
in which it will be used, the issue method and policies that will consolidate its use are set out below.

5

1 . B A C K G R O U N D

Due to the imposition of the US dollar as the international backing currency and the subsequent replacement of the gold standard with the fiduciary model, the world economy has suffered from uncertainty and
instability caused by the foundation in a currency without a gold backing, which has been particularly harmful
to emerging economies.
Since then, the need to strengthen local markets and to avoid dependence on unilateral decisions made in the
major centers of power to stabilize economies has been recognized. This has led to a number of proposals to
support national currencies with the most valuable natural resources of the countries -often located in emerging economies-.
Perhaps the best-known case is the case of Bancor, the stable-priced international unit of account, based on
a balanced basket proposed by John Maynard Keynes and other leading economists in 1942, with the aim of
safeguarding the global monetary system against balance-of-payment crises and exchange-rate instability,
anticipating the effects of the United States’ dominant position in the Bretton Woods agreements.
In 1969, special drawing rights (SDRs), supplementary reserve assets and unit of account created by the IMF
based on a claim that a basket of currencies (currently USD, EUR, GBP, Yen, and Yuan) appeared. More recently,
following the 2008 global financial crisis, initiatives such as the Sucre - a unit of account and value for ALBA
countries - and proposals from China and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) countries
emerged.In 1969, special drawing rights (SDRs), supplementary reserve assets and unit of account created by
the IMF based on a claim that a basket of currencies (currently USD, EUR, GBP, Yen, and Yuan) appeared. More
recently, following the 20088 global financial crisis, initiatives such as the Sucre - a unit of account and value
for ALBA countries - and proposals from China9 and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)10
countries emerged.
The combination of this historical background and the international recognition of the enormous potential of
new technologies 11, 12 underpin the idea of Petro as an international currency developed and promoted by an
emerging nation for the development of a decentralized, more egalitarian, inclusive and transparent global
economy.

8

https://www.un.org/ga/president/63/letters/recommendationExperts200309.pdf

9

https://www.bis.org/review/r090402c.pdf

10

https://www.rieti.go.jp/users/amu/en/wide.html

11

Barrdear, J. y Kumhof, M. (2016). Macroeconomics of central bank issued digital currencies. Bank of England Staff Working Paper No. 605 July

12

https://www.imf.org/en/News/Articles/2017/09/28/sp092917-central-banking-and-fintech-a-brave-new-world

6

2 . B L O C K C H A I N

A blockchain is a public accounting book that can record transactions between two parties in an efficient, verifiable and permanent way, allowing the technological substitution of trust through the collaborative
work of an electronic network whose nodes respond to diverse interests, which are aligned to guarantee the
efficiency of the system through clear rules and incentives granted by the same network.
The blockchain organizes the information in the form of blocks, which are verified by the network nodes in
order to connect them to the block that precedes it through a hash code. The unique conformation of the codes
that link to the blocks depends on encryption mechanisms that are in turn defined by a coded and compacted
representation of the series of entries they contain.
Once a block has been created and verified by a certain number of nodes (or all of them), according to protocols and rules defined from the first block of the chain (“genesis block”), the modification is distributed to all
network nodes. All nodes have full registration and the possibility (sometimes the obligation) to audit it permanently and in real time.
The fundamental characteristic of a blockchain is “distribution”, i. e. the deconcentration of tasks and access
to information. All members have an important role (in most blockchains, all nodes have exactly the same role),
but none of them concentrate information, nor do they have the power to make any kind of decisions about the
chain, so a global consensus based on clear and strict rules is required when making any changes. Therefore
the records of a blockchain are therefore highly reliable because they guarantee the integrity of information,
traceability of transactions and security.
The use of blockchains is beginning to gain popularity globally. It currently has hundreds of applications. This’
distributed electronic records’ technology can be leveraged for all kinds of information: medical records,
authorship and patents, data authentication, food distribution, real estate and more, offering even the ability to
program automatic execution “smart contracts”, which promise to revolutionize many activities and industries
around the world.
Among the applications, value transfer registration stands out, as the blockchain makes possible -for the first
time in history- real electronic transfers, that is to say, those where one party gives up an element of information to another and loses its possession (the ability to use or copy it). In short, block chains eliminate the possibility of “dual use” in information transfer, which in financial transactions translates into “double expenditure”.

7

2 . 2

C R Y P T O C U R R E N C I E S

A N D

T O K E N S

It is not surprising that the blockchain has been devised precisely with the preservation of value and the freedom
to make transfers of this value in mind. Bitcoin, the first digital asset based on distributed trust -without the
intervention of a central entity- was its first application.
Cryptocurrencies are digital assets designed to work as a means of exchange that uses cryptography to secure
your transactions, to control the creation of new units and to verify the transfer of these units 13.
A token, on the other hand, is a unit of value that an organization creates to govern its business model and
give its users more power to interact with its products, while facilitating the distribution and sharing of profits
among all its shareholders. In the case of digital tokens, the accounting and relationship of the token with the
ecosystem around the productive activity is found on the blockchain of some cryptocurrency, as Ethereum,
which mediates the relationship of the token with the real economy and the fiduciary currencies, although this
relationship does not have to be permanent.14
Cryptocurrency and digital tokens:
Facilitate currency and legal transactions
They enable the transfer of assets (or certifications of ownership) in a more secure manner
They empower users and organizations on the management of their finances, so that they
themselves become the owners of the banks, and not just the bank account, by owning a “digital
purse” or wallet to store their cryptocurrencies
Avoid the high transaction costs of traditional credit card companies and centralized
payment procesors
Save time thanks to the speed of transactions
They eliminate geographic barriers by being driven and supported by internet protocols, giving access
to secure international financial transactions
Digital cryptocurrency and tokens are not being fully exploited by important actors in society, such as public
and private organizations. Both their convenience and the other advantages inherent to the blockchain that
sustains them, make us think about the possibility of a massive adoption in the medium term, as long as the
states favor the conditions for this process.13

13

Chohan, U. W. (2017). Cryptocurrencies: A Brief Thematic Review. Recuperado el 28 diciembre de 2017. Disponible en SSRN: https://ssrn.com/abstract=3024330

14

Mougayar, W. (2016). The Business Blockchain: Promise, Practice, and Application of the Next Internet Technology. John Wiley & Sons, Hoboken, Nueva Jersey.

8

These instruments have revealed new financial opportunities for people. However, they still present great
challenges, such as usability, the price volatility and, above all, the resistance of traditional institutions that are
forced to think about what their new role will be in the economy of the fourth industrial era.

3 .

V E N E Z U E L A ’ S

O P P O R T U N I T Y

The economic potential and the fundamental foundation of the Venezuelan economy is its abundance of
natural resources, oil been the most prominent of them. The exploitation and commercialization of hydrocarbon
and some related products and by-products, generate 95% of the income of foreign currency for the country by
exports.
As the main source of electrical energy, and a vital part of other industries, such as pharmaceuticals, oil remains
a highly sought-after commodity in the world. Its market is approximately 1.7 trillion dollars annually.15
To put it in perspective, the oil market is larger than the sum of all metal markets. This situation puts Venezuela
in a privileged position, as it possesses the largest proven reserves of crude oil (300,900,000,000 barrels), as
well as great advantages in terms of energy, including an electric system subsidized by the same oil revenues.

k

15

http://www.mining.com/web/oil-market-bigger-metal-markets-combined/

9

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

,

a) Instrument for reducing volatility in the crypto asset market.
In the last year, the three main cryptocurrencies in terms of market capitalisation recorded a notable
increase in prices. Bitcoin multiplied its value 17, Ripple 492 and Ethereum 97 times, but while the
overall trend was growth, significant fluctuations were recorded throughout the year. There were
days in which Bitcoin went down 18.7%, Ripple 46.0% and Ethereum 27.1%.

DESCRIPTION

Petro will give investors the opportunity to enter the crypto asset market with an instrument of intrinsic value
that is safer, more stable and susceptible to a fundamental analysis because it is linked to a widely known
industry, and therefore, suitable to be used in large transactions and even as a store of value.
b) Using technology to improve trust and boost growth
Petro will operate with blockchain technology, following the highest standards to guarantee integrity, transparency, auditability and governance. Thus, the crypto asset will generate trust among international investors
by having its foundation firmly established in a context of clear policies and a solid connection with the real
economy.

10

PETRO IS A MUCH MORE AMBITIOUS PROJECT THAN OTHER DIGITAL CONVERTIBLE CURRENCIES SUCH AS THE DIGIX (GOLD-BACKED) OR THE TETHER
(BACKED IN DOLLARS), BECAUSE IT OPENS THE OPPORTUNITY FOR USING
OF OTHER ASSETS TO BACKUP THE CURRENCY. DUE TO THE CONDITION OF
CRYPTO ASSET WITH STATE SANCTION (NON-CONTROL) ON ITS OWN PLATFORM, THE INSTRUMENT HAS A MASSIVE ADOPTION POTENTIAL, WITH AN
APPROXIMATE OF 31 MILLION PEOPLE IN VENEZUELA ALONE, THAT IS, TEN
TIMES THE SIZE OF THE GLOBAL MARKET FOR CRYPTOCURRENCIES (JULY
2017).
IN ADDITION, PETRO WILL ALSO ENABLE THE DEVELOPMENT OF OTHER
CRYPTO ASSETS, OPENING THE POSSIBILITY FOR INNOVATORS AND GOVERNMENTS OF EMERGING ECONOMIES BASED ON NATURAL RESOURCES TO
CREATE SIMILAR CURRENCIES THROUGH THE PETRO PLATFORM.

11

4 . P E T R O
4.1

P E T R O D E S C R I P T I O N

Petro (PTR) will be a sovereign crypto asset backed by oil assets and issued by the Bolivarian Republic
of Venezuela on a blockchain platform. Its launch will spearhead the promotion of an independent, transparent digital economy, open to direct citizen participation, which will serve as a platform for the development of
crypto assets and innovation in Venezuela and other emerging countries with great potential.
This instrument will foster the emergence of a fairer, more collaborative global financial system that is conducive to growth, autonomy and trade among developing economies, primarily those based on raw materials:

Petro will have three facets:
A) MEANS OF EXCHANGE
It may be used to purchase goods or services and will be redeemable for fiat money and other crypto
assets or cryptocurrencies through digital exchange houses.
B) DIGITAL PLATFORM
It can perform the functions of digital representation of goods and/or raw materials (e-commodity)
and the creation of other digital instruments for national and international trade.
C) SAVINGS AND INVESTMENT FACILITY
Petro will be available for free exchange in electronic exchange houses (exchanges) around the world
and will have the necessary characteristics to carry out direct exchanges (Atomic Swaps) in a safe
manner and in accordance with the Venezuelan legal framework. The Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela will require high standards of control to combat money laundering and client knowledge in
authorized exchange houses.
One (1) issue and initial offer of the crypto asset will be made. Petro’s total issued and put on sale
in the initial offer during the first year will be one hundred million (100,000,000). There will be no
extraordinary issues without the approval of Petro’s holders in a vote conducted through the chain of
Petro blocks on the basis of one (1) Petro equal to one (1) vote.16

Divisibility
PTR will be divisible by 100.000.000 units. The minimum exchange unit will be called Mene (0,00000001).

16

“Mene” is the word for petroleum in wayúu. Wayúu is the second most spoken language in Venezuela.

12

4 . 2

E M I S S I O N

A N D

I N I T I A L

O F F E R

The Petro launch will be divided into two stages: a Pre-sale and an Initial Coin Offer (ICO).
Presale
The Pre-sale will start on February 20,2018 and will consist of the creation and sale of an ERC20 token on the
blockchain Ethereum platform. This process will promote and guarantee demand for Petro’s Initial offering,
which will be carried out later.
The tokens that meet the requirements of the ERC20 standard are non minable digital cards that are issued in
their entirety through an intelligent contract on this platform. The token will not be part of the Petro network
until it is redeemed or “burned”17 during the Initial Offer process. The token may be exchanged for Petro at any
time between the launch date and the closing of the Initial Offer.
Initial offer
Petro’s Initial Offer will be made later until the eighty-two million four hundred thousand (82,400,000) units
available for sale are exhausted.
Petro’s on sale during the Initial Offer will be created and sold through an auditable mechanism in the blockchain.
Restrictions
The Venezuelan State will not be able to make new emissions Petro. The design of the network includes the
possibility of generating an incentive for proof of stake (PoS). This feature will be initially disabled and can only
be activated on the initiative of the Superintendency of Currency of Venezuela with the approval of the holders
of Petro.

17

Burning “a token or cryptoasset is the procedure by which it is sent to an address where it is mathematically impossible to reuse.

13

5 . S T A T E

B A C K I N G

Petro’s most important contribution to the cryptoassets market and the new digital economy will be the support
offered by a sovereign state.
The Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela guarantees that it will accept Petro’s as a form of payment of national
taxes, fees, contributions and public services, taking as a reference the price of the barrel of the Venezuelan
basket18 of the previous day with a percentage discount of Dv.19
In this wat, it is guaranteed that the purchaser always has a recovery value adjusted to the investment.
These payments will be accepted in bolivars at the exchange rate resulting from the operations of the authorized exchange offices, determined by market mechanisms and in accordance with the legal provisions issued
by the competent authorities of the Republic.

Acceptance price of Petro
=
Price of oil x
Petro
x ( 1 - Dv )
		Bolívar				Petro		Bolívar		
Where the Petro/Bolivar rate will be determined through an average weighted by the volume of operations of
all exchange houses authorized by the Venezuelan government.20
In addition, the Venezuelan government is committed to promoting the use of Petro in the domestic market and
making efforts to stimulate its acceptance throughout the world.

18

Published in the official website of The Ministry of the popular power for Oil.

19

This percentage discount (Dv) is equivalent to the current discount rate at which the State sells Petro, which will be at least 10%.

20

Authorized exchange offices must charge a commission for the operations, whose conditions will be developed by SUPCACVEN.

14

6 . E C O S Y S T E M

D E V E L O P M E N T

The State will actively assume the commitment to promote the adoption of Petro, encouraging the growth of
its national and international user base.
The national government is committed to stimulating a strong endogenous demand that benefits the stability
of the crypto-asset’s market value. The policies to be applied for the promotion of Petro will also be aimed at
increasing the platform’s attractiveness as an instrument for the development of innovations and applications
that contribute to the growth and financial autonomy of Venezuela with projection to other emerging economies
based on raw materials.
Among the initiatives are the following:
•
•
•

The Venezuelan State, through the Superintendency of Cryptocurrencies, will take the necessary actions
to promote the exchange of Petro in international cryptocurrency trading houses, with special emphasis
on those that operate legally in emerging countries and allied nations.
The use of Petro will be promoted by PDVSA and other public and joint ventures, as well as national public
entities and regional and local governments.
The payment of extraordinary labor commitments and benefits in Petro will be encouraged, as well as
accumulated social benefits, provided they have the expressed individual approval of the benefitted worker.

15

16

I N T E R N A T I O N A L

A D V I S O R S

P E N D I N G

F O R

A P P R O V A L

7 .

P E T R O ’ S

I N I T I A L

I N F O R M A T I O N
7 . 1

I S S U A N C E

F O R

A N D

O F F E R
T H E

I N V E S T O R

D I S T R I B U T I O N

A total of one hundred million (100,000,000) Petro will be issued, from which eighty-two thousand four
hundred million (82,400,000) will be offered to the market in two stages: a private pre-sale and a public Initial
Offer, and will be distributed according to the following graph:
Cryptoasset distribution

17.6%

44.0% will be available for the initial public offering of the cryptoasset.
38.4% will be available for private sale
17.6% will be retained by the Venezuelan Superintendency of Currency and Related Activities (SUPCACVEN)

17

7 . 2

I N I T I A L

O F F E R

F U N D

D E S T I N A T I O N

The funds raised in the initial issue will allow the continuous technological development of Petro and its
ecosystem in order to promote its massive adoption. The use of the funds will be auditable thanks to the
transparency of smart contracts in the blockchain.
The distribution of the funds raised in the Initial Offer will be as shown in the graph below:

Initial Offer funds distribution

Fund’s distribution
Technological development

15.0 %

Ecosystem development
Sovereign Fund

15.0 %

55,0 %

Petro project

15.0 %

18

15% Petro Project: funds earmarked for technological development and promotional efforts to comply
with the announced roadmap.
15% Ecosystem development: Fund for the promotion of applications within the Petro ecosystem, which
will be proposed through SUPCACVEN and selected by Petro holders by voting through the blockchains.
15% Technological development: funds earmarked for investments in technology, infrastructure, special
areas and projects that contribute to the country’s economic advancement, with special emphasis on
applications of the blockchains to improve productivity and transparency in companies and state agencies.
55% Sovereign Fund: destined to the Republic for the support given to the use of Petro.

7 . 3

C O N D I T I O N S

I N I T I A L

O F F E R

A N D

O F

T H E

I N C E N T I V E S

F O R

T H E

C R Y P T O A S S E T

Basic conditions
Total emission: 100.000.000
Pre - Sell
Tokens available: 38.400.000
Reference Selling Price: USD 6026,27
Start date and time: February 20, 2018 at 08:30 a.m. (Venezuela time, -04:00 GMT).
Closure date and time: March 19, 2018 at 23:59:59 p.m. (Venezuela time, -04:00 GMT).
Initial Offer
Total Petro available for sale: 44,000,000
Reference Selling Price: USD 60*
Start date and time: March 20, 2018 at 08:30 a.m. (Venezuela time, -04:00 GMT)
Closure date and time: Until the Petros of the first emission are exhausted

26

Price of the Venezuelan basket barrel in the second week of January 2018. Subject to change according to market fluctuations.

Apply discounts.
Apply discounts as well.

27
*

19

P R O C E S S

D E S C R I P T I O N

As previously explained, the ERC20 token will be pre-mined in an intelligent Ethereum contract. At the
beginning of the pre-sale process, the entire issue will be in the digital portfolios of the Republic.
The starting day of the Pre-Sale, at 08:30 a.m. (time of Venezuela, -04:00 UTC), will be placed for sale the
total of thirty-eight million four hundred thousand (38,400,000) tokens. During the process, degressive
discounts will be applied to stimulate early investment.
Prior to the Initial Offer, the 100 million (100,000,000) cryptoassets of the issue will be pre-mined in the
Petro blocks chain. The Petro ERC20 token will have Petro from its own blockchain reserved to be exchanged when decided by its holders. The remaining Petro’s, including those not assigned in the Pre-Sale, will
be placed on sale open to the public and will remain available until its existence is exhausted.
This Initial Offer, whose closing depends on the total sale of the Petro created, guarantees the Venezuelan State the total collection of funds corresponding to the sale of all Petro available for sale (82,400,000
PTR).
During the Initial Offer, four levels of degressive discount will be applied for every five million (5,000,000)
of Petro until completing and finally a fifth block of twenty-four million (24,000,000) of Petro to complete
the total destined for the Initial Offer process, that is, forty-four million (44,000,000) of Petro.

20

I N C E N T I V E S

An incentive system has been designed for investors who purchase Petro on a private sale basis. The
scheme is intended to stimulate early participation in the Pre-Sale to generate trust that will produce a
favorable effect on the market during the Initial Offer.
The plan is quite simple and involves degressive scales of discounts (Dv ) from the initial lot. This first
lot, which will be placed in the Pre-Sale, will have a volume of 3,400,000 Petro and will have a discount
on the reference price of crude oil in the Venezuelan basket. The following lots will have 5,000,000 Petro
and the discount will decrease successively for each lot sold, until the last lot, of 24,000,000 Petro, which
will have no discount.

7 . 4 P U R C H A S E

A N D

E X C H A N G E

Petro will be purchased in the following ways:
By exchanging Petro ERC20 tokens purchased in the Pre-sale
In the Initial Offer open to the participation of the general public
In the secondary market once the Initial Offer process is completed
The purchase and exchange of Petro can be made from person to person, from portfolio to portfolio, in a
secure manner. It is beyond the scope of blockades or arbitrary limitations of third parties -unless it is in
the possession of a centralized entity, such as a trading house.
This ability of the Petro blockchain to execute direct exchange operations will allow the instrument to be
used as a means of direct payment to businesses, restaurants, goods and services companies.
However, it should be noted that digital exchange houses will play a fundamental role in monitoring the
prevention of illicit activities and combating money laundering, thus constituting the ideal means for
commercial, industrial and business activities of international trade in which Petro interacts with fiduciary
coins or other cryptoassets or cryptocurrencies.

21

2 0 1 8
22

