1. Abstract
We offer a new currency that will help users to
pay for Flexiroam services that enables
people to avoid the high cost of roaming and
offers the ease to stay connected all around
the world. Our coin makes use of the newest
technological novelties in the blockchain
technology with the aim of maintaining a
stable and durable currency.

2. PHON Offer
2.1.

Context

The last decade the world has witnessed a
stunning advance in alternative finance that
ensued the introduction of cryptocurrency and
the innovative technology that underpins it.
The fast pace with which this technology is
advancing must not be seen in isolation of
precedent events on the financial markets. The
great recession that broke out a decade ago
was just the trigger that uncovered the ugly
side of the mainstream financial markets. The
central banks everywhere in the world have
once again proven their allegiance to the
reckless banks as they pumped trillions of
dollars in the same banks, which were
speculating with our money. That event, like
many other before, has just shown the vulnerability of the mainstream finance and the
centralized currency systems.
In the aftermath of the great recession, many bright minds came up with genuine
projects and initiatives to circumvent the current corrupt system. The cryptocurrency
project is one of the major alternatives and has a great potential to compete with the
centralized monetary system. The technology that underpins the cryptocurrency, the

blockchain technology, is very much promising to be applied in different domains of
finance. The greatest merit of this technology is that it guarantees a quasi-perfect
solution to security and privacy issues, that all in a decentralized system that hinders
anyone to get control over our privacy and finances.
However, this newborn technology is still in its beginning phase but in the meanwhile it
undergoes a constant evolution, which makes it improve on a daily basis. That constant
improvement is to attribute to the decentralized charachtesitics of this novelty. Think for
example the problems that arise with coins mining. Mining coins has shown how the
cryptocurrencies that used this protocol are vulnerable to benefit people with means and
contradicts with the very philosophy of the cryptocurrency, i.e., decentralization of
finance and money. Fortunately, developers around the globe just realized the dangers of
such a protocol and came up with solutions that brought the cryptocurrency back to
what it meant to be.
We as phone coin family believe in the blockchain technology and we will remain
devoted to the core principles of this project. We therefore offer our coin that makes use
of the most advances in this technology and offer services that make communication
easier no matter how far you are from your home country. Our coin makes it possible for
you to avoid the high cost of roaming when travelling while maintaining high standards
of data protection and privacy. In this paper, we give you an overview of our project.

2.2.

Philosophy

Throughout the history of the mankind, technology and new inventions made our lives
better. It improved our health and increased our life expectancy while living much more
comfortably. One of the most technologies that made our lives more comfortable is the
communication technology. It indeed made the world a little village. However, some of
the challenges that we are confronting with today are security and privacy issues. Our
communications are the targets of the big multinationals that consider our private data
as a commodity and use it to reap profits. We are aware of these concerns and care very
much about privacy. We believe that the blockchain revolution can provide us with
solutions to circumvent this challenge. We believe in the principles that form the core
philosophy of the blockchain technology, i.e., democracy, decentralized power and
respect for privacy. We will remain devoted to these principles in doing our project while
offering you the best services that make life just easier.

3. Our product
Communication while traveling is very
costly. Telecom operators use of this
opportunity to charge their clients
excessive extra fees when. One can avoid
that by each time buy a new sim-card in the
country of destination. The more you travel,
the more often you need to repeat that. In
some countries, it is also not that easy to
obtain a sim-card. Then, sometimes you
have to fill forms and show your ID plus
other unnecessary nonsense. Happily there
is a solution, with Flexiroam chip card you
can avoid all that unease and use the chip
quite everywhere in the world once you
have charged it. Here is the point where we
jump in. With our coin, you can recharge
your roaming credit to be able to enjoy the
freedom of communicating with friend,
family or colleague all around the world.
Like that you are assured to make a fast
transfer and roam minutes after while not
worrying about your privacy and data.
Our coin is not only mean for making
transfers, but also offers you an opportunity to invest in a currency and enjoy the
benefits of its appreciation. You can also participate in our project as validator and gain
money for doing so. In the next sections, we give you more information about the
specifications of our currency.

3.1 Flexiroam, what is it and does it work?
Flexiroam is a thin microchip that sticks to your sim-card.
Once you have got it stuck to your sim-card, download
the app, which is available on both Google Play
and Apple store. The app shows your credit
and tracks your data consumption. It also
used to top up. This means that once you
have the Flexiroam chip attached to

your sim-card, you don’t need to remove it away or change it again. The only thing you
need is to top up via your app. This is indeed a revolutionary product that will turn
roaming upside down. No more new sim cards each time you are abroad nor extracharges for roaming. With this service, you have the freedom to stay connected wherever
you are.
With PhoneCoin, we target retailers. We act as junction between the supplier and the
retailers. By that, we try to give the retailers the best offers but we only accept payments
in our currency. Retailers can buy starter packs from us for competitive prices as we will
be heavily investing in stocks to benefit from the discounts. A great part of the discount
will go to the benefits of the retailers. It does not stop there. Each time the final client
tops up the purchased card, the retailer will be rewarded with a commission in dollars or
in Phonecoins for further purchases of the starter packs.

3.2 Proof of Stake
As responsible developers and believers in the principles of cryptosphere, we try to do
our best to comply with these principles and aim high at contributing in the advance of
this technology in order to attain the highest decentralization and democratization of
finance while vastly respecting the privacy of our clients. We therefore opt for Proof of
Stake (PoS) instead Proof of Work (PoW).
As people flocked to invest in cryptocurrencies, one issue appeared to be a
contradiction. Namely, the increased mining activity required more investment in
computing capacity, which resulted in more inequity, power concentration and yes
pollution. That is indeed a contradiction and that’s why we opt for the PoS protocol as we
very much care about equity, power decentralization and environment. That’s why we opt
for PoS as it gives the opportunity for a wider participation and more equity without
damaging our planet.

3.3 Proof of Stake and Inflation
Another reason for us to opt for PoS is that it makes the coin more immune for inflation
and fluctuations. As PoS rewards validators not only according to the volume of their
stakes but also the timespan during which they hold the stakes. The longer one holds the
stakes, the higher the rewards. That works as a cap for inflation. Indeed inflation occurs
when currency sell-off exceeds the demand. With PoS, people who have stakes as
validators are the very ones who hold big amounts of the currency. As they are
incentivized to invest durably, stake holders are less keen to sell-off their holdings,
which make the coin more stable and more reliable.

3.4 Masternodes & benefits
Masternode is simply a cryptocurrency full node or computer wallet that keeps the full
copy of the blockchain in real-time, just like your have Bitcoin full nodes and is always
up & running. Masternodes are very useful for crypto investors because of running a
masternode you are incentivized. Consider it just like earning a daily or weekly interest
on your crypto holdings.

3.5 Reward Plan
Reward
Staking Masternode Tier 1 Masternode Tier 2 Masternode Tier 3
Reward %
10%
20%
30%
40%
Block Reward
Collateral
2
0.1
50
250
1000
3000
0.2
250
1000
2000
6000
10
1000
2000
3000
25000
20
2000
3000
5000
75000
30
3000
5000
6000
150k
50
5000
6000
7000
200k
25
6000
7000
8000
300k
20
7000
8000
9000
500k
10
8000
9000
10000
750k
4
9000
10000
15000
1.25M
2
10000
15000
20000

3.6 Pre-mine and Funds Allocation
Although we make use of PoS but in the beginning phase we will be pre-mining to reward
the participants who make this project real. For any project like ours, it is inevitable to
use pre-mining. However, once we have done with initiating our currency, once the
developers are rewarded, we will permanently switch to PoS. The pre-mining scheme is
as following:

Funds

Premine
10%

PHC Sale

10%
30%

15%

Marketing

10%

20%

Development
Listing
Marketing

Team
20%

15%

Operational

Investors
40%

30%

Stanby

Stanby

4 Road Map
In order to give you an overview over our plans, see below our planning step by step.

July

August

September

October

•Prepare Project •Launch Wallet
•Exchange
Listing
•Meet up &
•Exchange
cooperation
Listing
•Statistic Listing
agreement Flexi
•Manual
•Prepare Online
Roam
Distribution
shop

•Dropshipper
management
•Coin Market
Cap
•APP wallet

November

December

•Exchange
•Release Smart
Listing
Phone
•Statistic Listing •Phone stockists
management
•Meetup Phone
Manufacture

5. Conclusion
We offer a currency that specializes in communication and makes easier for people to
communicate all around the world. We work with Flexiroam, which offers microchip
cards which helps you to avoid the excessive roaming costs once travelling. You can use
our coin to pay for the services of Flexiroam without worrying about your privacy and
data. Our coin is not a means for payment it is also an asset to invest in safely. We make
use of PoS protocol to maintain to avoid currency fluctuations and guarantee a wider and
more equitable participation for investors.

