Whitepaper

February 22nd, 2018

Note: Phore Blockchain reserves the right to update this whitepaper at any time. Please visit the
Phore Blockchain website (https://phore.io) for the most up-to-date version of this whitepaper.

Table of Contents

Guiding Principles

4

Phore Blockchain Ecosystem and Vision
History and Accomplishments

4
11

KryptKoin Origin

11

Coin Swap

12

Proof of Stake

13

Masternodes

15

Zerocoin Protocol (zPHR)

17

Phore Blockchain Community

20

Phore Blockchain Marketplace Development

22

Blockchain Technologies & Services

24

Masternode Governance

24

Charitable Donations

26

Current Phore Blockchain Cryptocurrency Statistics

27

How is Phore Blockchain Different?

29

Phore Blockchain Roadmap

31

Q1 2018 Milestones

31

Blockchain Technology

31

Web Wallet and Android Wallet Release

32

Wallet and Core Upgrades

33

Masternode Setup Automation

33

Phore Blockchain Budget Governance Website

34

Phore Blockchain Marketplace Launch

34

Phore Blockchain Developer Team Expansion

34

Continued Team Recruitment

34

Q2 2018 Milestones

35

Page 2 of 52

Segregated Witness (SegWit) Activation

35

iOS Mobile Wallet / App

36

Creation of The Phore Foundation

36

Q3 2018 Milestones

37

Smart Contracts

37

Atomic Swap Implementation

42

Decentralized Crowdfunding

42

Click and Collect Marketplace Vendor Pilot Programme. Location TBC 43
Q4 2018 Milestones

43

Smart Contract Implementation

43

Mobile App Development

44

VR/AR Marketplace Enhancement – Beta Testing

44

Click and Collect Incorporation into Marketplace

44

Phore Labs Investment

44

2019 Goals

45

Phore Blockchain Core Team

45

Join the Phore Blockchain Community

49

Page 3 of 52

Guiding Principles
Phore Blockchain Ecosystem and Vision
To succeed in today’s burgeoning blockchain ecosystem, relying on a onedimensional approach to success is no longer a viable long-term option. The
market is saturated with coins that aim to accomplish little more than being a
medium of exchange with one or two additional features.

Short of a new,

innovative technology, there is little potential to displace the large, legacy coins
that have assumed some of the highest market capitalizations. Nor is it necessary.
The vision of Phore Blockchain is to provide a platform that facilitates
decentralized commerce that is free to use and sustainable in nature. This vision
reaches beyond the core blockchain to include applications and ventures built on
top of the platform. An oak tree is a good conceptual model: Phore Blockchain is
grounded in sound technology, it is our legacy and the roots of our platform; a
system of self-governance in the shape of an independent network of masternodes
forms our trunk and provides stability; and the breadth of projects designed on
top of our platform, both realized and imagined, the crown of the tree. Phore
Blockchain thus encompasses all facets of the ecosystem we are creating, with
Phore coin (PHR) representing but one branch on the Phore Blockchain tree.
The Phore Blockchain will accord numerous capabilities, including but not limited
to:
● atomic swaps and side-chains,
● fast, scalable, secure, and reliable transactions,
● options for both private and transparent transactions,

Page 4 of 52

● rewards for participation in the Phore Blockchain network similar to
interest payments,
● decentralized marketplace,
● an advanced and flexible smart contract platform for building
decentralized applications (dAPPs) that can be used in conjunction with
private transactions, enabling new decentralized, privacy-enabled business
models that keep you in control of your money and your personal
information,
● initial coin offerings on the Phore Blockchain platform,
● crowdfunding fundraisers,
● custom blockchain creation and services,
● continued expansion and improvement in both the Phore protocol and
Phore Blockchain in general,
● widespread accessibility and ease of use.
Developments designed to bolster the Phore Blockchain ecosystem are already
underway (see Roadmap and Milestone sections).
Put simply, Phore Blockchain will be an ecosystem that continuously improve
the technology behind PHR, creates new and innovative applications, hosts a
decentralized marketplace, provides opportunities for crowdfunding, and offers
blockchain-related services to third parties, both public and private. The utility
of PHR, which touches all aspects of the ecosystem, will thus be manifold.
Our vision for Phore Blockchain is one of global adoption. Help us re-envision
the world.

Page 5 of 52

The Phore Blockchain Ecosystem

Accessibility and ease of use are essential elements of our vision. Phore
Blockchain is for everyone, not just those with advanced technical skills. PHR
will be easy to acquire and exchange for goods and services globally, with the
Page 6 of 52

ability to provide a smooth and intuitive user experience for people around the
world.
The development of Phore coin, PHR, was only the beginning of our journey.
Our flagship product is our fully decentralized marketplace. Users may buy and
sell goods with PHR and have the option of conducting private transactions if
they so choose. We will continue to support and develop an ecosystem of Phore
Blockchain applications and businesses built both by the Phore Blockchain core
team and the Phore Blockchain community. Phore Blockchain intends to be a
driver behind the global expansion of the blockchain revolution.
Phore Blockchain will provide a robust, secure, private, and completely
decentralized network underpinned by the Phore cryptocurrency, PHR. It will
consist of a thriving ecosystem of privacy-enabled decentralized applications and
a marketplace that will provide real world applications to enable private
commerce and new privacy-enabled business models. No permissions will be
required to utilize PHR or its applications as there is no centralized authority
behind them. Applications and improvements to the Phore Blockchain core code
will be made by the Phore Blockchain community. Phore is money on your
terms.
Perhaps, most important to our development and success is our thriving and
expanding community. PHR is structured to be governed by the community
transparently. The development team is growing constantly through both
outreach and active recruiting by the core team as well as proactive ideas,
contributions and offers to help coming from the Phore Blockchain community.
We are proud of the large and growing following Phore Blockchain has gathered
to date including more than 8,000 followers on Twitter and over 4,000 members
of our Discord and Telegram groups. We are fostering a friendly and engaging
environment where participation and contribution by everyone in the
community is encouraged.
Phore (PHR)

Page 7 of 52

The technological advancements over the last century have created enormous
wealth and opportunity unlike any other period in history. Humanity is
currently at a watershed; a paradigm shift that will recreate how we
communicate, transact, pay for goods and services, and innumerable other
applications due to the adoption of Blockchain technology. Although there are
tremendous benefits to these new technologies, they may also come at a cost.
Collection, tracking, analyzing, and utilization of personal data has become a
much easier task for private and public entities alike. Corporations and
governments collect our personal data for myriad reasons, but the result is the
same: a loss of individual privacy.
One may think “if I have done nothing wrong, I have nothing to hide” however
this sort of thinking fails to grasp the extraordinary impact our collected data can
have on us. This information can be utilized for targeted advertising,
censorship, boycotts, and retribution for holding views contrary to the status
quo, to name a few. Indeed, we can see from recent history that:
● Social media has been utilized to demonetize content, reject
advertisements, or ban users who hold contrarian views to those of the
media platform.
● Large crowdfunding sites have been accused of political bias, reportedly
rejecting or removing fundraising campaigns when they are for causes
considered unacceptable under the guise of “not meeting community
standards”.
● Personal information including purchasing habits are used by corporations
and governments for purposes ranging from advertising to censorship and
boycotts, and often have been subject to massive cybersecurity breaches
and theft, partially because so much personal information is in one
centralized location.

Page 8 of 52

More conventional cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin do not offer sufficient protection
of one’s identity and information as all transactions are observable and traceable
by any determined investigator. Those who value their privacy are not protected
satisfactorily and are thus vulnerable to exposure. An improved privacyoriented cryptocurrency is one solution to this problem of which Phore (PHR) is
a viable candidate.
Phore Blockchain’s currency is the crux of its ecosystem. Individuals are free to
exchange amongst themselves, nearly instantly, with the choice of anonymous or
public transactions. Furthermore, they do not risk having their coins confiscated
by a legal entity. The benefit to using a means of exchange outside of fiat
currencies like the United States Federal Reserve Note (U.S. dollar) or the British
Pound is that individuals are not subject to arbitrary and often adverse effects of
monetary policy. Phore Blockchain has an established distribution of its coin and
changes to its protocol involve decisions made by democratic governance by
those who have a stake in its development. Individuals may make future
decisions with confidence in the integrity of this system. Expansion and
contraction of the supply of PHR occurs only by such governance. This will
result in a predictable and stable medium of exchange. One does not need to
look further than the recent monetary history of the United States or the
European Union to see the devastating effects of arbitrary and capricious central
bank monetary planning.
● During the Great Depression, the United States government outlawed the
private possession of gold bullion and required citizens to sell their gold
(apart from jewelry, collector coins, and the like) to the government - at
what ended up being for less than 50% of what it was worth.
● More recently, in 2013 the Bank of Cyprus agreed to a 23 Billion Euro
($30.5 Billion) rescue package with the IMF, that included depositors
losing 47.5% of their savings exceeding 100,000 Euros ($132,000).

Page 9 of 52

● In 2014, Russia began seizing about $8 billion per year of its citizens’
private pension retirement contributions to finance government
spending/debt. Poland ($39 Billion), Hungary ($12 Billion), Portugal ($2.5
Billion), Bulgaria, and Argentina ($30 Billion) made similar moves in the
six years prior to that.
● By many estimates, the US dollar has lost over 90% of its purchasing
power over the last 100 years1. John Maynard Keynes attributed this
largely to the current system of interventionist economic policies that have
eroded the value of currencies worldwide, stating that “[by] a continuing
process of inflation, governments can confiscate, secretly and unobserved,
an important part of the wealth of their citizens. By this method, they not
only confiscate, but they confiscate arbitrarily; and, while the process
impoverishes many, it actually enriches some.” 2
We believe in empowerment of the individual, and of communities. We believe
in the right to free speech, and the freedom to conduct commerce as a core
component of that right. This can take many forms, whether it is the freedom to
contribute to a cause, to buy and sell products and services, to raise money
through crowdfunding, or to run a business that has value to your customers.
Using Blockchain and related decentralized technologies, we want Phore
Blockchain to help individuals and communities take back that power, achieve
their goals more efficiently, with greater independence and without the
compromises of needing to give up data or being subject to the control of
corporations and other centralized groups.

1

“What Has Government Done to Our Money?” by Murray N. Rothbard, Ludvig von Mises Institute, Sept 20th, 2005.

2

“The Economic Consequences of the Peace” by John Maynard Keynes, Serenity Publishers, LLC (February 10, 2009)

Page 10 of 52

History and Accomplishments
Phore Blockchain has already come a long way since the project kicked off in
September 2017, including formation of the core team, the launch of the Phore
cryptocurrency, and significant work towards our initial 2018 milestones.

KryptKoin Origin
Phore (PHR) is a digital privacy cryptocurrency, an update and rebrand of
KryptKoin (KTK) which was pre-announced in May 2014, and whose
distribution started on May 21st, 2014.
There was no pre-mine for KryptKoin. It was distributed equally to people who
qualified for a stake. In total, 500 stakes were distributed in 2 stages. Bonus KTK
was given to those who held for 30 days. There was no ICO, and no developer
pre-mine.
The developer, Phroshi, received 1 stake, the same as every other stakeholder.
Following launch, KryptKoin quickly developed a large and faithful following
and introduced an online marketplace in 2015, which included Paypal
integration, where digital items such as Wordpress themes were bought and
sold.

Page 11 of 52

Here is a link to a short promotional video for the KTK market published on Aug
20th, 2014 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sj3f7ucJBIo

Coin Swap
To accommodate new features and accelerate the Phore Blockchain vision, the
existing code needed to be completely rewritten. This was accomplished with a
coin swap from KryptKoin to the new Phore Blockchain. The initial Phore
Blockchain code base was created from a fork of the PIVX project, which in turn
was forked from Dash, all of which have roots going back to Bitcoin Core code.
A two-month window was announced and advertised on cryptocurrency forums
and social media for existing KTK holders to swap their coins for new PHR on a

Page 12 of 52

1:1 basis. Well over half of the existing KTK was swapped for PHR through this
process. This window closed on November 18th, 2017, and as a result of
unclaimed coins, over 7 million PHR were destroyed, reducing the total supply
to just over 11 million.

Proof of Stake
Unlike bitcoin, which uses Proof of Work (PoW) and mining as the primary
mechanism around building their blockchain and achieving consensus, the Phore
Blockchain core blockchain is based on Proof of Stake (PoS). Proof of Stake bases
rewards based on how much stake each participant has in the Phore Blockchain
network, and for their participation in validating and processing Phore
Blockchain transactions and blocks. This alternative method of achieving
distributed blockchain consensus offers a number of advantages over PoW
consensus algorithms:
● It uses vastly less computing power and electricity to secure the
blockchain. There are estimates that Ethereum and Bitcoin PoW mining
burns over $1 million in electricity and related costs per month. PoS is
much more sustainable and environmentally friendly in comparison.
● There is less need to issue new coins to provide incentives to participate in
the blockchain process, leading to less need to inflate the currency. Phore
Blockchain transaction fees are tiny compared to Bitcoin fees and for
similar reasons since there is no further need to incentivize a miner to
process them. Furthermore, the transaction fees are burned as they are

Page 13 of 52

used, reducing the total supply of PHR to offset some of the increase in
supply from PoS rewards. As transactional use increases, it is possible
there could even be negative net issuance of coins.
● PoS allows for greater decentralization, since a Phore Blockchain node can
operate on very inexpensively. There is no need for a large centralized
mining farm as you see forming with many PoW coins. This greater
decentralization makes it more difficult for centralized coordinating
groups of nodes to form and discourages any groups that do form from
harming the Phore Blockchain network.
These and other benefits of PoS provide Phore Blockchain with a secure
foundation. Nodes on the blockchain network have to be holders of PHR in
order to participate in blockchain mining, and they have a natural incentive to
protect and enhance the value of PHR.
Anyone with a Phore Blockchain wallet can keep it online with staking enabled
to help process and confirm PHR transactions and build the blockchain. In return
for providing this service and securing the Phore Blockchain network, stakers
may receive a portion of the block rewards, that as of this writing are 2.8 PHR
awarded for each block, which is targeted to occur every 60 seconds. The
likelihood of being chosen to mine a block and receive the associated staking
rewards are based on the number of PHR being staked by each Phone Blockchain
node.
In order to assist users in setting up their wallets for staking, the Phore
Blockchain community and advisors have developed a detailed staking guide.
Additional support can also be found in the Phone Blockchain Discord group.
Page 14 of 52

Masternodes
Phore Blockchain has also implemented masternodes, which are enhanced nodes
that provide additional services and security to the Phore Blockchain network.
Two of the current services provided by masternodes are processing zerocoin
(zPHR) private transactions (see Zerocoin Protocol below) and handling the
Phore Blockchain budget governance process (see Masternode Governance
below). Additional services may be added in the future as Phore Blockchain’s
feature set expands.
Anyone with 10,000 PHR can set up and operate a Phore Blockchain masternode,
which is online 24/7 and helps provide additional security, reliability, and
performance to the blockchain. Given their large stake in Phore Blockchain,
masternode owners have an even larger incentive to maintain the integrity and
security of the blockchain, and to help guide the growth and value of PHR over
time.
To establish a masternode, 10,000 PHR is locked as collateral in a transaction
performed in the owner’s Phore Blockchain wallet and is paired with the
masternode. A masternode can be set up to run on a Virtual Private Server (VPS)
in the cloud, at home on a PC, or a Raspberry Pi. Phore Blockchain masternodes
support IPv6 and multiple masternodes can be run on a properly sized IPv6
enabled VPS. Masternodes can also be set up to run using Tor/Onion Routers for
additional privacy.

Page 15 of 52

Once the masternode functioning, it will operate even if the wallet containing the
10,000 PHR is offline, potentially even in cold storage, providing additional
security to the masternode owner.

Masternode tab from Phore wallet

If the masternode owner ever wishes to stop operating their masternode, they can
unlock their coins and terminate its function at any time. Like stakers, masternode
owners receive a portion of the block rewards which as of this writing is 4.2 PHR
is per block. For a masternode owner, a passive stream of income is thus created.
As of this writing there are about 450 active masternodes operating on the Phore
Blockchain network. This equates to about 38% (4.5 million Phore) locked as
masternode collateral, decreasing the circulating supply from ~11.7 million to ~7.2
million Phore. The return on investment for a masternode owner based on these
conditions is currently about 400 Phore per month, which equates to about a 48%
annualized return. These numbers will change as masternodes are either added or
removed from the Phore Blockchain network and as block rewards decrease
gradually over time at specified block intervals.
The Phore Blockchain team has developed a detailed guide for masternode setup,
and both the team and community are available to provide support in the Discord
group for those less technically inclined.

Page 16 of 52

Zerocoin Protocol (zPHR)
A Bitcoin transaction is recorded on the blockchain ledger and is visible for
anyone to see. The sender’s address, receiver’s address, transaction amount, and
any other details or conditions associated with the transaction are all public.
While this is a great feature for maintaining accurate account balances, and
preventing double spending of the same coins, it reveals a lot of information
about the sender and receiver of the transaction. Analytics of blockchain data can
use this information to guess which addresses belong to the same wallet. Pieces
of information like this can be analyzed for patterns or other data (e.g., deposits
from multiple addresses to a single deposit address at an exchange, transactions
recorded with their associated IP address) that help associate different addresses
and may reveal the identity of the owner. The US government and private
companies have described similar techniques they use to identify the owner of an
“anonymous” cell phone number based on when and who they call, and other
metadata available from cell carrier records.
We believe every individual may want at least some of their transactions kept
private. If you are paid with a cryptocurrency, you may not want your paycheck
recorded publicly forever. You may simply not want any of your own personal
data to be aggregated and analyzed or to have your purchasing patterns
gathered and sold by corporations without your knowledge or consent.
Phore Blockchain uses a customized version of the zerocoin protocol called zPHR
to provide private transactions. Zerocoin has been thoroughly reviewed in the

Page 17 of 52

academic community and you can review the original zerocoin whitepaper
published by the Johns Hopkins University Department of Computer Science 3.
zPHR is a coin mixing technology that converts (“mints”) PHR into zPHR and
adds the person’s PHR to an accumulator pool of zPHR on the blockchain. Zero
knowledge proofs are used between the user and a Phore Blockchain masternode
to verify the transaction, without revealing or recording the link between sender
and receiver on the blockchain. The interaction between Phore Blockchain
masternodes and users make use of RSA-2048 encryption challenge keys so that
you do not need a developer trusted setup to achieve this. As a result, no one
knows all the information they would need to reveal the identity of the person
using a zPHR transaction from start to finish.
The zPHR protocol performs this anonymization service efficiently, with zPHR
minting taking as little as half a second, and spending zPHR taking as little as 2.5
seconds. It also provides flexibility to choose your own level of security—you
can specify having the Phore network mix your coins with all previously minted
zPHR and those minted for 10 blocks beyond yours, all the way up to stating that
it should mix your coins with every other zPHR from the beginning to the end of
the Phore blockchain.
Masternodes provide the zPHR minting service and interact with the zPHR
accumulators on the Phore blockchain to issue credits and debits as zPHR are
minted and spent.

3

https://isi.jhu.edu/~mgreen/ZerocoinOakland.pdf

Page 18 of 52

People who own PHR can use their Phore Blockchain wallet to mint their PHR
into zPHR coins, for a small transaction fee (0.01 PHR per minted zPHR coin), in
a variety of standardized denominations ranging from 1 to 5,000 PHR. The
transaction fee for minting zPHR is higher than a normal transaction, because it
is a computationally intensive action and therefore needs a mechanism to
prevent spam/freeriding from overwhelming the Phore Blockchain network. Like
other transaction fees, the zPHR fees are burned, reducing the total supply of
PHR. Users can later choose to convert their zPHR back into PHR, by sending
them to one of their own wallet addresses, or to spend them at any other PHR
address, and spending zPHR has no transaction fee. While they are held, zPHR
are stored in the user’s wallet like secure vouchers for PHR that can be redeemed
anonymously.

Another interesting benefit of storing your PHR as zPHR is that on the

Page 19 of 52

blockchain, the associated Phone Blockchain addresses will no longer associate
the PHR stored in zPHR accumulators with the holder’s address(s). If someone
was concerned about being targeted by hackers, because they have a high
balance in their account, using zPHR will mask their true balance, creating the
ability to hold “stealth” value that cannot easily be traced back to the user’s
wallet.
We believe zerocoin is one of the best available methods to provide flexible,
optional, secure private cryptocurrency transactions.

Phore Blockchain Community
The Phore Blockchain community is the heart of the project. Since its inception,
individuals in the Phore Blockchain community have not only shared their ideas
and aspirations for this project, they also guided the direction of the project. The
community started with a small group of early adopters who met on the original
slack channel. Since the project did not have an ICO or pre-mine these early
investors chose to spread word of the project through their own time, effort, and
personal funds. These efforts were initially spent posting in various forums and
social media outlets. The goal of these efforts was aimed primarily at creating a
large and vibrant community.
These initial efforts were quite successful. More and more interested investors
quickly joined the community, which eventually moved to using the Discord app
based on the community’s request. Several large Twitter promoters quickly
recognized the value of Phore Blockchain and helped to spread word to their

Page 20 of 52

followers. However, the most reported reason for people choosing to invest in
Phore Blockchain was the community itself. The community is very active, and
there is almost always a team member available in the Discord to provide
support, or direct community members to where they can find information they
seek. Furthermore, there is a very positive tone to our community. People are
friendly, non-judgmental and eager to support each other.
The early individual efforts to spread word of Phore Blockchain was quite
successful on a shoestring budget. Hundreds of followers were noted on Twitter,
Discord, and the Telegram channel. In December of 2017, the governance model
came into play, which provided development funds based on proposals
submitted by the team and/or community. The initial budget focused on
increasing project development and further spreading the word of Phore
Blockchain to the world. These funds were used to increase awareness through
social media campaigns. These appeared to be quite successful, given that we
currently have 1,100 members on telegram, 3,200 members on Discord, and 8,000
followers on twitter.
In line with the masternode budget governance process, Phore Blockchain is
directed by the community. We actively engage with the community at every
stage to share our ideas and designs, to gather feedback and to listen and
understand what the Phore Blockchain community wants. We always want to be
engaged, transparent and responsive to the needs of the community and to
evolve our shared vision together as we move forward.

Page 21 of 52

Phore Blockchain Marketplace Development
Since the successful launch of the Phore Blockchain cryptocurrency, most of the
development effort of the core team has been focused on preparing the Phore
Blockchain marketplace for its debut; scheduled to go live by the end of Q1 2018.
The initial code base for the Phore Blockchain marketplace was forked from
OpenBazaar. This base provides the Phore Blockchain marketplace with a solid
foundation to build on and meshes well with the core Phore Blockchain
philosophy of decentralized applications. See Q1 2018 below for more detail on
the marketplace functionality which will be available during the initial launch.
The development team has been working hard to add the necessary features, user
interface and other changes needed to rapidly deliver a fully featured marketplace,
supporting private transactions based on the Phore Blockchain cryptocurrency. In
parallel, the advisors and Phore Blockchain community have been identifying
vendors that want to be part of the initial beta and launch, providing some of the
first products and services available on the marketplace.
The Phore Blockchain Marketplace is a fork of the OpenBazaar protocol. All
transactions between two parties including an escrow system and moderation
system are handled at a protocol level. This allows for a completely decentralized
and trustless system for exchanging goods. Because all transactions take place at a
protocol level, the marketplace itself is un-censorable. However, search engines
act as a centralized way of finding new stores on the Phore Blockchain
Marketplace. We plan to host one central search engine, and open-source the code,

Page 22 of 52

allowing anyone to run their own search engine with their own rules.
Each shop in the Phore Blockchain Marketplace has a unique address which
identifies the data stored. This hash-based, decentralized system for storing data
is a fork of the IPFS protocol. Specifically, it allows users to store and access store
data without the need for a centralized server. Any shop can be accessed without
a search engine simply by entering the URL of the shop.

Screenshot of a marketplace store item.

The marketplace is continuously being developed including the user-interface, the
search engine and the connection with the Phore Blockchain network. An openbeta will be released in early-mid Q1 while the final version will be released later
in Q1.

Page 23 of 52

Blockchain Technologies and Services
We now offer customized blockchain technologies and services for both private
and public entities. This will include, but not limited to, tailor-made blockchain
protocols. We are currently in talks with our first client.

Masternode Governance
The funding and direction of Phore Blockchain’s funding is governed by those in
the Phore Blockchain community with the most stake in enhancing Phore
Blockchain’s long term value--the masternode owners, who are each staking
10,000 PHR as collateral for their masternode. The mechanism and process
behind this governance is built directly into the blockchain code.
Ten percent of the blockchain rewards for PHR are reserved for funding
development proposals to enhance the value of PHR. Each budget cycle is 30
days, and anyone can submit a development proposal for a 25 PHR transaction
fee that is burned when the proposal is submitted. The Phore Blockchain team
has established a forum at https://forum.phore.io for people to post, debate, and
discuss the pros and cons of each proposal. Each of the masternode owners can
vote yes, no, or abstain on each of the development proposals. For a proposal to
be approved, it needs to be submitted at least 3 days before the end of the budget
cycle and to get a minimum of 10% of the masternode population to vote Yes (or
more to offset any ‘No’ votes). Proposals can be submitted for a onetime
payment or spanning multiple budget cycles for ongoing funding of longer term
projects.

Page 24 of 52

JSON representation of one of the January 2018 Phore budget proposals

Two days before the end of the budget cycle, voting stops and the budget is
finalized. Someone must submit another 25 PHR transaction fee to trigger the
finalization of the budget, and then the masternodes will sort the ranked list of
proposals by the Yes/No vote ratio and allocate funds until the last proposal is
reached or funds for the budget cycle run out. When the block that begins the
next budget cycle (superblock) is reached, the finalized budget is paid out to the
addresses associated with each approved proposal.
This system provides a decentralized method to determine how to best allocate
funds for Phore Blockchain’s development on an ongoing basis. Masternode
owners decide who is paid and how much (whether it’s the core team or not),
and for which changes or feature additions. Unlike an initial ICO or pre-mine,
this funding method allows anyone with a valuable and popular idea to gain
funding, it provides a recurring and long-term funding source and it better
ensures that the funds are used over time to directly support the development of
Phore Blockchain.

Page 25 of 52

Charitable Donations
While it’s easy to get caught up in this fast paced, rapidly growing industry, it's
also very important to be aware of just how fortunate we are. Within the current
crypto sphere, everyone is blessed in terms of having some form of access to both
electricity and the internet. However, in such a greed fueled space, we need to
remember that there are people less fortunate who need help. Here at Phore
Blockchain, we intend to do this.
Although we are a relatively young project and have no mass pool of funds in
terms of ICO or pre-mine, we actively look to give to those who are less fortunate.
So far, we have donated to 6 different charitable organizations:
● Make A Wish Foundation: A charity fulfilling "wish" experiences for
children with life-threatening medical conditions.
● Children International: A global non-profit organization that helps children
break the cycle of poverty.
● Covenant House Toronto: A homeless shelter for the youth of Toronto
offering services such as education, counseling, health care and
employment assistance.
● Life For The World (Haiti): An organization which focuses on supporting
orphanages by creating sustainable-living programs, providing life-skills
and training to orphans re-entering the world.
● American Kidney Fund: A non-profit organization working on behalf of the
31 million Americans with kidney disease, providing support and
resources.
● Canadian Mental Health Association: A voluntary organization who
provide nationwide services and support to people experiencing mental
illness and their families.
These donations coincided with our community giveaway 'All I Want Phore
Christmas'. Our charitable nature is also reflected by Phore Blockchain team
Page 26 of 52

members as well, frequently matching donations on their own accord. Advances
in technology are made to drive commerce and enhance quality of life. Phore
Blockchain is committed to making the world a better place.

Current Phore Blockchain Cryptocurrency
Statistics
Phore Blockchain uses Proof of Stake and Masternodes to secure the network and
provide for a deep level of privacy and security. Phore Blockchain was designed
to have fast block times (one per minute) and low transaction fees compared to
Bitcoin.

Total Supply (as of January 15th, 2018): ~11,722,000 PHR
Circulating Supply (as of February 3rd, 2018): ~6,906,494 PHR
Block Time Target: 60 seconds
Transaction Fee: 0.01 for zPHR minting, usually less than 0.001 for other
transactions
Transaction Confirmations Needed: 6 for normal transactions, 51 for
masternode/staking rewards
Block Maturity: 50
Proof of Stake (PoS) Reward: 2.8 PHR per block
Minimum Stake Age: 3 hours

Page 27 of 52

Masternode Reward: 4.2 PHR per block
Masternode Collateral: 10,000 PHR
Number of Active Masternodes (as of February 24th, 2018): 539
Phore Development Fund - 10% of block rewards, paid every 30 days (43,200
blocks)

The block rewards adjust over time, as the Phore Blockchain project matures to
control inflation of PHR supply over time, according to the following schedule:

Date

Starting Block

Ending Block

Masternode Reward

Staking Reward

Development Fund

Current

Current

775,600

4.2 PHR

2.8 PHR

1 PHR

Mar. 9th, 2019

755,601

1,043,999

2.7 PHR

1.8 PHR

1 PHR

Sep 11th, 2019

1,044,000

1,562,398

2.16 PHR

1.44 PHR

1 PHR

Sep 6th, 2020

1,562,399

None

1.62 PHR

1.08 PHR

1 PHR

How is Phore Blockchain Different?
Phore Blockchain has incorporated features to differentiate it from other coins
such as Particl, Monero, Zcash, Dash and PIVX. For a quick breakdown of what
makes Phore Blockchain stand out from the rest, please see the diagram below:

Page 28 of 52

Page 29 of 52

Phore Blockchain Roadmap
Phore Blockchain has set out an ambitious roadmap for 2018 that will transform
the Phore Blockchain from an already fully featured privacy cryptocurrency into
a powerful platform for developing and deploying private decentralized
blockchain applications and solutions. It will also open up tremendous eventual
opportunities for future expansion of the Phore Blockchain ecosystem, using the
architecture being put in place now.
The sections that follow outline the most important milestones we intend to
deliver in 2018. The team already has an established track record of meeting or
beating our milestones. As discussion, debate, and design continues within the
Phore Blockchain core development team and the Phore Blockchain community,
we will refine and update these plans. It is likely with their feedback we will add
other features and upgrades to Phore Blockchain throughout the year.

Q1 2018 Milestones
Blockchain Technology
Integration of Phore Blockchain into the marketplace is the focus during this
quarter. Ongoing review and maintenance of the core code will be conducted. In
addition, initial testing and implementation of the Segregated Witness ahead of
the full adoption that will occur in the next quarter.

Page 30 of 52

Web Wallet and Android Wallet Release
One part of the Phore Blockchain vision is to make PHR available to as many
people as possible, and to be easy to use. To that end, two new wallets will be
introduced in Q1 2018:
The Android Wallet will be a mobile wallet available for download from the
Google Play Store and provide a secure and speedy mobile connection with the
blockchain. We also plan to incorporate two-factor authentication (2FA) into this
wallet, as well as the full Phore Blockchain desktop wallet to provide users with
an additional layer of security to protect their PHR.
The Web Wallet will provide a platform for online hosted Phore Blockchain
wallets, which will allow a more convenient option for people to store PHR
without having to run a full Phore Blockchain wallet on a laptop or mobile device.

Page 31 of 52

Screenshot of an early version of the new wallet UI

Wallet and Core Upgrades
The Phore Blockchain core development team will be continually maintaining and
updating the project’s code to ensure that the currency and wallets are safe and
secure. This will continue throughout 2018. During Q1 we will also be making
updates to support future 3rd party wallet integrations, with support for hardware
wallet integrations coming later in the year.

Masternode Setup Automation
While Phore Blockchain has provided an excellent guide and technical support to
users wanting to set up and run masternodes, we recognize that the setup process
could be more automated than it is today. The Phore Blockchain team will be
developing an enhanced automated and simpler method for setting up
masternodes. More information will be forthcoming shortly.

Phore Blockchain Budget Governance Website
We will be rolling out a website that interacts with the blockchain to transparently
show the Phore Blockchain budget proposals, voting, and status of the budget
process. This will add transparency and ease of use by taking information that
previously was viewed only through commands in the debug console of the wallet
and displays it for the Phore Blockchain community in a much more accessible
and user-friendly way.

Page 32 of 52

Phore Blockchain Marketplace Launch
An open-beta will be released in early-mid Q1 with the final version being
launched towards the end of Q1.

Phore Blockchain Developer Team Expansion
To achieve Phore Blockchain’s ambitious vision for 2018, we will be adding
experienced developers dedicated to development of the Phore Blockchain core
technology and products and services, both as part of the Phore Blockchain core
team as well as increased developer participation within the Phore Blockchain
community. We are already in discussion with several talented developers about
joining the Phore Blockchain team, and this will continue through Q1 2018.
As part of this expansion, we will start a paid internship program, which will help
us develop and attract the best blockchain graduates from universities around the
world.

Continued Team Recruitment
Further specialists will be recruited to Phore Blockchain, focusing on skills in
developing and implementing Smart Contracts, as well as a Micro-Lending and
investment expert for Phore Labs.

Page 33 of 52

Q2 2018 Milestones

Segregated Witness (SegWit) Activation
Segregated Witness changes the format of transactions on the blockchain,
separating the witness data (scriptSig and scriptPubKey) into a separate from the
rest of the transaction data that is covered by the transaction ID (txid). Without
Segregated Witness, it is possible that the witness data could be altered slightly by
a node on the network, or one of the signers could change their signature. The
same amount of coins would be paid to the same addresses, but the transaction ID
would change.
By separating the witness data from the data that the txid hash covers, it prevents
the transaction from being malleable, and brings a number of benefits:
● Writing wallet code is simplified. One of the most convenient ways for
wallets to track their spend transactions is to look up the transaction ID.
When the txid can change, wallets need to write extra code to deal with that
possibility.
● Spending outputs from unconfirmed transactions becomes more reliable. If
Transaction A pays an output, and transaction B spends that output, it is
possible that the witness data from the first transaction will change, altering
the txid, and depending on the sequence of events it could invalidate
transaction B. SegWit prevents this from happening.
● Increased transaction throughput and scaling. Phore is already very fast and
efficient at transaction processing with a 60 second block time and a 2MB
maximum block size. SegWit counts the witness data as ¼ of its actual size,

Page 34 of 52

allowing more transactions to be included in each block and increasing
scalability and performance.
● Solving the transaction malleability problem makes adding sidechains,
similar to the Lightning Network, become less complex to write and more
efficient in their use of blockchain data.
● Smart Contracts also become easier to design, review, and monitor.
These last two benefits are very important to Phore Blockchain’s vision. Later in
2018 we will be introducing a Phore Blockchain smart contract platform, and we
are planning to use a sidechain as part of the smart contract blockchain
architecture. SegWit activation sets the stage for this new platform.

iOS Mobile Wallet / App
With more mainstream interest in cryptocurrency, multiplying by the day, it is
important that Phore Blockchain introduces a mobile wallet for the iPhone and
iPad, which facilitates use by the large amount of PHR holders on iOS, bringing it
to parity with Android. The process for creating and distributing this through the
Apple Store is more complicated than Google Play, which is why the release has
been scheduled to take longer.

Creation of The Phore Blockchain Foundation
An institute will be set up within Phore Blockchain to develop long-term ecommerce solutions, investments, partnerships. Its aim is to strengthen and
sustain Phore Blockchain, allowing it to quickly react and pivot to challenges in
the future. Phore Labs, part of the Phore Foundation, will work as an
incubator/seed investor, primarily identifying potentially cutting-edge digital
services and products. These will be sourced from individuals, universities, startups, and cooperatives around the world.

Page 35 of 52

Q3 2018 Milestones

Smart Contracts
Smart Contracts will bring Phore Blockchain to an entirely new level of
capabilities. Phore Blockchain will no longer be just a cryptocurrency—it will still
have that as it’s foundation, however on top of that Phore Blockchain users will be
able to write, compile, and execute complex decentralized applications (dApps)
that will run entirely on the blockchain, and be fully integrated with the
blockchain.
In some of the simpler use cases we have in mind, Phore Smart Contracts will
allow the Phore Marketplace to support much more flexible terms for things like
escrow and other terms surrounding purchases, making the marketplace more
secure and reducing the chances of someone not fulfilling their part of the
transaction. While the marketplace will have an arbitrator capability from the
initial launch, smart contracts could potentially make arbitrators obsolete and
unnecessary. Similarly, for Crowdfunding, a smart contract can be written for the
crowdfunding campaign that will programmatically control the collection and
escrow of funds collected, and either distribute them to the successful campaign
owner when the necessary level of funding is reached within the prescribed time
frame, or automatically refund the PHR to the contributors if the necessary
conditions are not met.

Page 36 of 52

The Phore Smart Contracts platform will be much more powerful than this. More
advanced use cases could include entirely new decentralized business models
running on the Phore Blockchain smart contracts blockchain. A decentralized
cryptocurrency exchange, trustless prediction markets, ride or home sharing
applications, or countless other services ranging from tiny apps all the way to
complete businesses could take advantage of the decentralization, advanced
programmatic control, privacy features, security, performance, and resilience of
the Phore Blockchain architecture.
The first major architectural upgrade we will be making to support Smart
Contracts will be building in support for sidechains. This provides a number of
advantages over trying to add smart contract functionality directly to the Phore
Blockchain main blockchain (mainchain). When Satoshi Nakamoto created
Bitcoin, he realized that optimizing a coin for one use case necessarily cuts off the
ability to optimize for a different use case—making a fast, private, and scalable
currency blockchain looks very different and makes different tradeoff decisions
compared to a very flexible and robust smart contracts blockchain. Sidechains
remove this limitation by allowing PHR coins to traverse from the Phore
Blockchain mainchain to the Phore Smart Contracts sidechain, and later come back
to the Phore Blockchain mainchain. By doing this, each chain can be optimized for
its particular use case, without needing to make compromises on the other
blockchain. It also can help solve some of the issues we’ve seen in the early days
of Smart Contracts, including the DAO and Parity exploits that Ethereum users
dealt with in 2017.

Page 37 of 52

It is important to note as well that support for sidechains opens up the ability for
Phore Blockchain to add other sidechains that are optimized for other use cases as
well; smart contracts will be the first.
PHR will be able to move from the Phore Blockchain mainchain to a two-way
pegged Phore Smart Contracts sidechain to fund smart contract transactions. On
the mainchain, it will appear that the funds have been sent (deposited) to a special
address that is controlled by the miners of the Phore Smart Contracts blockchain,
so from the Phore mainchain standpoint it will appear very much like a normal
PHR transaction. A few times a year, withdrawals will be allowed from the smart
contracts sidechain back to the Phore Blockchain mainchain, with a long notice
period and voting to approve each withdrawal in advance of the withdrawal date.
This infrequent withdrawal schedule allows plenty of time for the miners of the
smart contracts blockchain to examine what is happening with each smart contract
transaction, and to disallow and deal with any attempts to exploit the system
before any real damage is done. The only way an exploit could succeed would be
for the majority of miners on the smart contracts blockchain to want it to succeed.
While such an infrequent withdrawal schedule may appear to be very
inconvenient to someone who wants to use a smart contract and get their PHR
coins delivered quickly, the architecture we are proposing deals with this by using
instant atomic swaps between the Phore Blockchain smart contracts sidechain and
the Phore Blockchain mainchain—and this is one of the primary reasons we are
building support for atomic swaps into Phore Blockchain.
We will release more details on the specific implementation of Phore Blockchain
sidechain support as it becomes available. For anyone who wants to delve into the
Page 38 of 52

technical details, most of the enhancements we will be making are described in the
following references from the Drivechain Project and some of the Blockstream cofounders:
https://blockstream.com/sidechains.pdf
https://github.com/drivechain-project/docs/blob/master/bip1-hashrate-escrow.md
https://github.com/drivechain-project/docs/blob/master/bip2-blind-merged-mining.md

Once we have the ability to use sidechains, we will build the Phore Blockchain
Smart Contracts blockchain as the first Phore Blockchain sidechain.
The Phore Blockchain Smart Contracts platform will allow Phore Blockchain users
to write smart contracts that include programming functions, state variables, and
even external data as part of a complex transaction. It includes a client interface
that will provide a smooth user experience to set up a Phore Blockchain
Marketplace Escrow transaction or a Phore Blockchain Crowdfunding campaign
and allow various actions to be taken while the transaction takes place (e.g., release
funds to seller, issue refund to buyer). The first smart contracts to be created on
the Phore Blockchain Smart Contracts platform are likely to be those that directly
enhance and secure the functionality in the Phore Blockchain Marketplace and
Crowdfunding applications. Phore Blockchain users will be able to write and
compile their own smart contracts using high level languages to enable other
applications and business models.
We will be building a number of core components to support Smart Contract
functionality,

building

from

and

enhancing

existing

smart

contracts

implementations, most of which originated as forks from Ethereum. These
components will include:

Page 39 of 52

● Tools and interfaces such as:
○ GUI (wallet and/or browser)
○ Clients
○ JSON RPC
○ dApp frameworks
○ Compilers
● Smart Contract Protocol that will support such things as:
○ P2P networking
○ Node discovery
○ Encrypted handshake and transport
○ Virtual Machine container
○ Smart contracts blockchain (mining, contracts, transactions, accounts)
● Decentralized storage
● Decentralized messaging
Our focus will be to deliver a solid minimum viable product (MVP) of smart
contract functionality for alpha and beta testing, gathering feedback at every stage
from the Phore Blockchain community about the specific features they want to see
in the platform when it is launched. Wherever possible we will be building in
additional privacy features, such as leveraging zk-SNARKS zero knowledge
proofs to enable private smart contract processing, in addition to the integration
we will have with the privacy features already built in to the PHR cryptocurrency.
Like sidechains, we will develop more detailed technical white papers to explain
the Phore Blockchain implementation as we move forward. In Q3 we expect to be
conducting Alpha and Beta testing, targeting an official launch in Q4.

Page 40 of 52

Atomic Swap Implementation
Phore Blockchain will be adding support for atomic swaps, initially as one of the
core features needed for effective sidechain support for smart contracts. We will
also be looking for ways to support direct atomic swaps between PHR and other
leading cryptocurrencies as a way of making PHR more accessible and available.

Decentralized Crowdfunding
There have been many recent examples of major crowdfunding websites shutting
down campaigns and being accused of political, or other bias, in choosing which
projects can obtain funding on their platforms. We understand the reputational
risk this sort of issue poses to a centralized crowdfunding company. We think this
makes a great argument for a decentralized, private crowdfunding application
that does not require a company to grant permission to use their platform or be
subject to censorship based on political or other affiliations. We believe this will be
a huge benefit, not only to projects needing funding, but also to those who want
to support a certain cause or project without facing scrutiny based on their
contributions.

Phore Blockchain Crowdfunding will be completely decentralized, backed by the
privacy of PHR cryptocurrency and will be integrated directly into the Phore
Blockchain Marketplace. Projects looking for funding will be able to add
information to describe their projects, the various options for contributions and
publish them on the Phore Blockchain Marketplace. Users can browse through
crowdfunding campaigns and choose to contribute if they wish. They can utilize

Page 41 of 52

the privacy features of zPHR if they don’t want anyone to know the funding came
from them, optionally sharing only the information needed to send the product
when it is ready, and only to the campaign that needs it, not to a centralized source
that could be hacked or otherwise leak the information to others. Since there is no
centralized platform or company involved, there will be drastically lower fees
involved in a Phore Blockchain Crowdfunding campaign.

Click and Collect Marketplace Vendor Pilot Programme. Location TBC
Traditionally ‘offline’ vendors in a city, which is currently under discussion, will
take part in a month-long project, which allows buyers in the vicinity to place
orders online through the marketplace, and collect their goods in person later, at
their convenience.

Q4 2018 Milestones

Smart Contract Implementation
As described in the Q3 section of the roadmap, we will be launching the Phore
Blockchain Smart Contracts platform during Q4. This will include initial
implementations of several smart contracts that will directly enhance the options
and user experience in the Phore Blockchain Marketplace and Phore Blockchain
Crowdfunding and will also open usage of the smart contracts to all PHR users.

Page 42 of 52

Mobile App Development
Refinement of mobile apps for both iOS and Android. We will be looking to
expand the features and functionality available on both mobile wallets to take
advantage of more of the advanced features of the Phore Blockchain platform.

VR/AR Marketplace Enhancement – Beta Testing
Open Community Pilot Programme of a parallel Marketplace site with VR/AR
enhancement for those with and without headsets, seeking the ultimate,
immersive buying and selling experience.

Click and Collect Incorporation into Marketplace
Incorporation of full-service that was piloted in Quarter 3, allowing local pickup
of physical goods, following purchase on the online marketplace. It is expected
that initial roll-out will cover 3-5 cities, with more widespread coverage planned
for 2019.

Phore Labs Investment
Up to 10 Digital Products and Services will receive investment. These investments
will be made in the form of PHR, and participants will sell exclusively through the
Phore Blockchain marketplace online for a fixed minimum period before being
allowed to sell their product locally offline.
The Phore Foundation will invest in projects to help them reach market and then
reinvest profits from the sale of these into further Lab projects.

Page 43 of 52

2019 Goals
The Phore Blockchain team has a lot of ideas on where Phore would go next in
2019 and beyond, ranging from additional mobile capabilities, full launch of
VR/AR features, Phore Labs projects, partnerships with other projects,
companies, and individuals, and even additional Phore Blockchain sidechains.
However, the team knows from experience how valuable community feedback is
to guide a product’s vision to meet the needs of said community. We highly
value that input and want to stay agile and responsive and ready to work on the
features that will most enhance the value of PHR.

Phore Blockchain Core Team
Since our inception (late October 2017), we have experienced rapid growth in
many areas, the team being one of them.
Phore Blockchain began as a rebrand of KTK, with one lead developer; Phroshi
and a total of five advisors (the official title - these were not merely advisory
roles). Being restless by nature however, we've had to expand upon this in order
to match our ambitions.
Over the past three months or so, our team has grown so much that we now
boast over 30 official members. This number will continue to grow as we find
people who we feel will aid in the progression of Phore Blockchain.

Page 44 of 52

Current Team Roster

Co-CEO:
Anthony Alleyne - Ubermaster (UK)
Thomas Ambler - Sage (UK)

CTO:
(Anonymous) - Moonshot (US) - Full Stack Developer

Developers:
(Anonymous) - Phroshi (UK) – Founder
Julian Meyer (US) - Core Developer
Diogenes Fernandes (BRL) – Core Developer
Jeroen Blevi - Iced (NL) – Developer + GUI Designer
(Anonymous) - Jacob (US) - Part Time Developer

Community Development / Chief Advisor
Shant Kel Khatcherian - Shanto (CA)

Page 45 of 52

Advisors:
Shunsuke Kurita - Liray-Unendlich (JPN)
Harrison Fischberg (US)
(Anonymous) - Toby (CA)
(Anonymous) - King (US)

Legal:
(Anonymous) - Willich (UK)
(Anonymous) - Margo (US)

Compliance:
Cindy T. – Cindo – Compliance Manager
(Anonymous) – p2p BITCOIN bLuEs – Compliance Advisor

Marketing:
Jennifer Berg - CryptoPulseZ (US) - Head of Marketing
Ramon Freriks - Ramon (NL) - Senior Marketer / Front End Developer
Ilies Graffion - La_Moquette (FR) - Graphics
Marius Adam - Snatch (GER) - Social Media
Paul Bierhake - Milkyway (GER) - Social Media

Page 46 of 52

PR and Partnerships
Pamela Paige – ThePinkCrypto (US) – Head of PR

Operations Management:
Phillip Ambler - Flipster (UK) – Head of Operations

Video Content Producer:

Zak Robinson - Zak.R (UK) – Head of Video

Vendor Relations:

CryptoJoe (US)

Research:

Keyser (US)

Community Management:
Kori Leon – Kori (FR) – French Community Admin

Page 47 of 52

Jesse (US)

Further information regarding the team can be found at: phore.io/team
Phore Blockchain is actively seeking to hire more staff to strengthen the team on
a regular basis as it continues to expand and evolve on a daily basis.

Join the Phore Blockchain Community
We have already made tremendous progress launching the Phore coin, PHR, and
building the community, and the response has been incredible. More people are
joining and contributing to our success every day.
2018 is going to be a very exciting year in Phore Blockchain’s development into
one of the best advanced, secure, and flexible privacy cryptocurrencies available,
with a strong ecosystem of applications and services to match.
Phore Blockchain has an ambitious roadmap to achieve our vision, and we
welcome you to join the community. If you have ideas on how to make Phore
Blockchain better, we want to hear them. We want everyone to contribute to
improving Phore Blockchain using the skills they have to offer, whether it’s
development, user interface design, spreading the word about Phore Blockchain
to your Youtube followers, or debating the direction of Phore Blockchain’s
roadmap, budget, and design decisions.

Page 48 of 52

Take back control of your money. Download the Phore Blockchain wallet from
our website and drop by the Phore Blockchain Discord and join the community
today.

Links

Official Website
phore.io
Discord
https://discordapp.com/invite/Aucncz5
Bitcointalk
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2307909.0
Bitscreener
https://bitscreener.com/coins/phore
Slack
https://phore-project.herokuapp.com
Twitter
https://twitter.com/phorecrypto?lang=en
Page 49 of 52

Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/Phore-1996158580662988/
Github
https://github.com/phoreproject/Phore
Block Explorer
https://chainz.cryptoid.info/phr/#
Third Party Masternode Sharing Service
https://www.hostmns.net/phore-pool
Exchanges and Metrics
https://www.cryptopia.co.nz/Exchange/?market=PHR_BTC
https://coinsmarkets.com/trade-BTC-PHR.htm
https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/phore/
https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/phore#panel
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2307909.200
https://scrypto.io/s/mns-phore/
Forum

Page 50 of 52

https://forum.phore.io
AMA - Nov 11th, 2017
https://medium.com/@fishfishfish313/phore-ama-ask-me-anything-on-november11th-2017-f69eccb91eb1
Facebook Fan Group
https://m.facebook.com/groups/249350618927881/
Bitcointalk Fan Page
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2461070.0
Telegram
https://t.me/joinchat/F0zLDwzFC8r91eem6x_cBQ
Crypto Delver
https://cryptodelver.com/coin/phore
Masternodes.online
https://masternodes.online/currencies/PHR/
Masternodes Pro
https://masternodes.pro/stats/phr

Page 51 of 52

© Phore 2018

Page 52 of 52

