Polis is Greek for community.
Origin: Greece, 1890; singular “Pólis”
1. “Community” or “city,” appearing in loanwords from Greek
2. A decentralized cryptocurrency governed by the people.

Polis Whitepaper Version v2.0
by The Polis Development Team
polispay.org
February 11, 2018
Updated v1.1 March 1, 2018
Updated v2.0 April 22, 2018
Abstract
Polis aims to change the world through consensus-backed philanthropy and
humanitarian efforts. Polis blockchain technology revolutionizes altruism by aligning
economic incentives in a decentralized community.

Table of Contents
1. Introduction

3

2. Bitcoin Summarized

3

• 2.1. Peer-to-Peer Payment Network
• 2.2. The Blockchain
• 2.3. Lack of Community Governance
3. Comparing Polis

4

• 3.1 Solving Problems
• 3.2 Implementing Solutions
4. Polis Explained

5

• 4.1 The Polis Development Team and Mission
• 4.2 The Polis Community
• 4.3. Reward System
• 4.4. Reward Calculation
• 4.5. Decentralized Governance System
• 4.6. Polis Marketplace
• 4.7. The Polis Foundation
• 4.8. Quick Start Distribution
• 4.9. Block Reward Chart
• 4.10. Lucky Proof-of-Work Block Reward
• 4.11. Polis Specifications
5. Polis Roadmap

11

6. Cryptocurrency for a Better World

13

7. PolisPay Card

14

8. Team Members

15

9. Acknowledgments

17

10.Legal

18

11. References

19

2

1. Introduction
Polis is a cryptocurrency designed for a global community. Polis uses decentralized
governance and a system of democratic financing to generate global impact. Most
cryptocurrencies are controlled entirely by a small group of developers and insiders.
Instead, Polis flips this model upside-down by transferring democratic power to the Polis
community. Community members are given a vote through masternode ownership. These
votes determine which community proposals pass or fail. Anyone can create a community
proposal about anything: a charitable donation, a community event, a direct change to
Polis’s code base, etc. These proposals are executed and funded by The Polis Foundation.
Polis connects digital communities and marginalized countries in developing areas.
Supported by a passionate online community and experienced developers, the Polis mission
is global impact through consensus-backed philanthropy and humanitarian efforts. Polis
will never have an ICO because Polis is available for use by all people. Development is
funded by a low premine of 1% and ownership of 1% of masternodes. This ensures that
99% of Polis is in the hands of the community. The community makes all future project
financing decisions with decentralized governance and voting.
Polis is Greek for community. Our motto is Polis Empowers People. People thrive
when they can connect and trade freely. Polis uses decentralized advanced blocks chain
technology to solve important problems for our global community.

2. Bitcoin Summarized
2.1. Peer-to-Peer Payment Network
Polis will never have an ICO because Polis is available for use by all people. This
system allows for greater financial autonomy, requires no reliance on a central authority
and grants true control over one’s financial assets.
Since the launch of Bitcoin, many alternative options and currencies have emerged.
In 2015, Evan Duffield published the Dash Whitepaper2, proposing a payment system that
3

improved on Bitcoin by adding a layered, two-tier incentivized masternode network and
various transaction upgrades including InstantSend and PrivateSend (Dash Whitepaper,
2015).
2.2. The Blockchain
Bitcoin’s blockchain technology creates blocks by combining chronological
transactions. These blocks are confirmed by a network of nodes. Each of these blocks
contains the necessary information to build on prior blocks through the consensus of the
workers. However, Bitcoin does not reward node owners and the number of Bitcoin nodes
has been dwindling, causing the network to be slow, unstable and expensive.
2.3. Lack of Community Governance
Another issue with Bitcoin is the absence of community involvement in the future
of the currency. Since Bitcoin’s inception, Satoshi Nakamoto has remained anonymous.
Satoshi later delegated control of Bitcoin to early community members and today Bitcoin is
controlled by a fractured set of developers. There is general unrest regarding Bitcoin
consensus, with multiple forks including Bitcoin Cash, Bitcoin Gold and others emerging
as a result of the community’s discontent with the lack of democratic decision making.
Various debates have raged over the past few years over block size increases, SegWit,
lightning network and more. Bitcoin lacks an effective way of allowing community
members to vote on collective direction, which results in a fractured group unable to reach
common consensus.

3. Comparing Polis
3.1. Solving Problems
Polis solves the two major flaws of Bitcoin:
1. Lack of node incentivization system, resulting in fewer nodes than the network needs to be
fast and stable.
2. Lack of community governance, resulting in forks, a fractured community and a general
absence of direction.

4

3.2. Implementing Solutions
Polis adds many benefits that Bitcoin lacks:
1. Powerful masternode network adds a second tier of computing decentralization. This
tier can perform any mathematical or financial task that the community implements.
Currently, the masternode network adds two features:
•

InstantSend: perform instant transactions that are irreversible and permanent.

•

PrivateSend: improved privacy with automated mixing and chaining.
A Polis user connects to the masternode network for software features

2. Decentralized governance, allowing community members to participate in the future
of Polis. Concepts that Bitcoin struggled with, such as block size increases, can be solved
by the Polis community by simply voting on a proposed change.
3. Treasury proposals can further the Polis mission by funding charitable donations,
community assistance programs, disaster relief funds or any proposed idea.

4. Polis Explained
4.1. The Polis Development Team and Mission
In 2017, a global group of entrepreneurs began collaborating on idea that a useful,
community-controlled charitable cryptocurrency would change the world. Polis was
launched in December 2017.

5

The Polis Development Team has multidisciplinary skill sets that synergize for the
benefit of the Polis community. The team’s focus is generating value for all Polis owners,
carrying out the will of the community and implementing continual upgrades in the
protocol. The Executive team includes:
• Cronos: Core Developer Manager and Developer Coordinator
• Ares: Strategic Planning and Project Leader
• Poseidon: Marketing, Public Relations and Regulatory Compliance
• Apollo: Financial Coordinator
To learn more about each member of the team, please see the Team Members
section.
The Polis vision has continued to evolve as our network expanded to over 800
masternodes. In addition to working as a bridge between digital currencies and local goods
and services, it was proposed that Polis could become a self-governing system of directing
financial resources to communities in need. To read more about the mission and vision of
the Polis team, see the Polis Manifesto.
4.2. The Polis Community
One month after launch, the Polis community grew to thousands of members with
over 800 active masternodes. This group has proven to be an extremely collaborative
community of enthusiasts, humanitarians and people from all walks of life. The
decentralized nature of Polis encourages this type of collaborative community by allowing
for democratic governance with the common goal of achieving substantial change in our
world. Polis has fostered a creative environment that welcomes and values the opinions,
contributions and ideas of all community members, who are encouraged to speak their
minds about the future direction of Polis. Community members with the skills to carry out
larger projects for Polis are empowered and encouraged by the development team to
contribute as they see fit.
Polis is a collaborative value-added platform constantly being evolved, developed
and directed by the community and talented development team. The political efficacy of
each Polis community member exponentiates the impact Polis can have on the world.
6

4.3. Reward System
Proof-of-Work, Proof-of-Stake and Masternodes are all ways that various
cryptocurrencies reward workers. These reward systems contribute to the creation and
confirmation of the Blockchain and each new block distributes the reward among those
who perform jobs.
The Polis block reward is split such that 72% of rewards are allocated to
masternodes, 18% of rewards are allocated to miners and 10% are allocated to a
community-governed Treasury Fund. Polis includes a unique lucky block system called
Lucky Proof-of-Work. This system rewards both miners and masternodes owners who find
a specific block, introducing an element of luck and excitement to the Polis community.

Polis block reward distribution

7

4.4. Reward Calculation
The Polis code base dictates that masternode rewards fluctuate based on the current
number of masternodes. To calculate daily masternode payouts, one can use the following
formula:
(n/t) * r * b * .72
n = number of masternodes owned
t = total active masternodes
r = current block reward
b = blocks per day

4.5. Decentralized Governance System
The Polis block reward allocates 10% into a community-governed Treasury Fund.
This fund is fully open to audit by the public, providing assurance of the fund’s intended
use. The Polis decentralized and self-financing governance system empowers the
community to steer the direction of Polis. This system allows anyone to make a governance
proposal using proposal.polispay.org. Proposals are voted on by masternodes to direct the
future of the currency and projects.

4.6. Polis Marketplace
Polis is equipped to be used as a fully-fledged instant and fungible currency, ready
for wide-spread real-world use. To encourage rapid proliferation of Polis adoption, the
Polis Development Team plans to launch the Polis Marketplace. By allowing anyone to
trade Polis directly for goods and services, the community can achieve several goals: foster
a healthy Polis economy, increase decentralization of Polis distribution by allowing anyone
to trade goods or services for Polis instead of needing to exchange fiat, and grow the
network by increasing transaction throughput.

8

4.7. The Polis Foundation
The Polis Development Team is working to establish The Polis Foundation, a
registered non-profit legal entity dedicated to carrying out the philanthropic vision of the
Polis community. As the decentralized governance system approves proposals, The Polis
Foundation is responsible for carrying out these proposals using the Treasury Fund. This
legal entity is fully compliant with transparency requirements for non-profit organizations
and is fully auditable by any Polis community member.
The Polis Foundation will establish relationships with charities, communities, social
movements and crisis organizations to facilitate the implementation of community
proposals in a swift, professional and reliable manner.

4.8. Quick Start distribution
A quick start distribution incentivized early adopters and miners to help establish
Polis. The initial block reward is 20 Polis. To encourage healthy rapid adoption, block
reward remains fixed at 20 Polis for four years. Starting in the fifth year, the block reward
is reduced to 2 until after the tenth year, upon which time the reward is obtained entirely
from transaction fees.

4.9. Block Reward Chart

9

4.10. Lucky Proof-of-Work Block Reward

The Polis protocol features a Lucky Proof-of-Work block. Similar to a superblock,
Lucky PoW blocks have a special block reward. Polis Lucky PoW blocks occur on the
following blocks: 720, 1440, 2160, 2880, 3600, 4320, 5040, 10080, 15120, 20160, 40320,
60480, 80640, 100800, 120960, 141120, 161280, 181440, 201600, 221760, 241920,
483840, 725760, 967680, and 1209600.

4.11. Polis Specifications
Specifications

Value

Ticker

POLIS

Algorithm

X11

RPC Port

21427

P2P Port

24127

Testnet RPC Port

24131

Testnet P2P Port

24130

Difficulty Algorithm

Dark Gravity Wave 3.0

Block Size

2 MB
10

Block Time

120 seconds

Masternode

15 blocks

Confirmation
Masternode Collateral

1000 Polis

Governance Fee

5 Polis

Governance Minimum

10 votes

Quorum

5. Polis Roadmap
Polis has an aggressive roadmap for 2018. The Polis Development Team is
dedicated to rapidly expanding the Polis technology and capabilities. Additions and
suggestions to the roadmap are encouraged and welcomed.
Q4 2017
Research & Development
Initial Polis 1.0 release
700 community members
Polis trading on 3 exchanges
Polis team established
Q1 2018
Release Whitepaper
Windows, iOS & Linux wallets
Polis trading on 4 exchanges
10,000 community members
Masternode development
Strategic plan formation
11

Grow marketing team and plan
Decentralized governance
Community members join team
New dynamic website
Android and iOS wallets
Establish Polis Foundation
Community forum
Governance proposals
Release of Polis 1.1.2 – 1.2.2
Cryptopia listing
1000 Masternode milestone
PolisPay Card Development
Q2 2018
Launch PolisPay card globally
Partnership with GBX, XMCC & COLX
Release updated Whitepaper 2.0
Revise Roadmap and vision
Website development blog
Digital banner marketing campaign
Establishment of Polis offices
Polis team building
Q3 2018
Advertise Polis core values
Complete translation project
Launch on major exchanges
Fundraising for growth
12

Q4 2018
Launch payment gateways
Social work initiatives picked by community
Widespread democratic input
Q1 & Q2 2019
Design Polis Marketplace
Polis brand image update
Film promotional videos
Social community projects
Launch on major exchanges
Q3 & Q4 2019
Polis Marketplace goes live
PR events and promotion
Release promotional advertisements
Launch Polis charity project

6. Cryptocurrency for a Better World
In under a decade, cryptocurrencies have revolutionized global finances. Every day,
more people understand the change and benefits cryptocurrencies bring to our world.
Cryptocurrency is inherently a morally-neutral technology. By aligning incentives in the
Polis protocol, the neutrally moral nature of cryptocurrencies can be transformed into a
positive and powerful force of change in our world. Instead of debating code changes, as is
common with Bitcoin, Polis can quickly implement changes and then go on to debate more
important issues, like how to fund disease prevention programs, how to help victims of a
natural disaster or any other need that appears in the world.
Polis is a digital community running a digital currency. Polis uses hive-mind
collaboration to understand the world’s needs and to respond accordingly. Polis integrates
13

into the real-world by allowing users freedom to move between digital and fiat currencies,
giving people full autonomy over their financial futures. The Polis Marketplace establishes
a thriving exchange of goods and services, promoting the mission of Polis and increasing
adoption. Lastly, The Polis Foundation implements community governance proposals to
allow completely democratic control over not just the direction of Polis, but also the
specific impacts Polis has on our world.

7. PolisPay Card
The Polis Development Team is proud to announce the release of PolisPay Card, a
payment card solution allowing anyone to spend Polis, Bitcoin and Dash at over 30 million
merchants worldwide. Working in collaboration with other communities, the Polis
Development Team has established formal partnerships with Gobyte, Monoeci and
ColossusXT. These coins will be officially supported on the PolisPay platform and will
additionally allow for conversion into fiat. These partnerships have been meticulously
selected based on their impressive growth, technical development and community
involvement. The PolisPay Card is being aggressively developed and collaboration with the
developers of GBX, XMCC and COLX enables valuable cross-compatibility.

Additionally, The Polis Development Team has hired an experienced credit card
merchant service provider for the physical release of PolisPay Cards. Available globally in
Q3 2018 for 25 USD, PolisPay Cards offer convenience and reliability with multiple
currency options. Several outcomes are foreseen from the release of PolisPay:

1. Greatly increased liquidity due to increased market throughput
2. Real-world use-case for Polis creating rising economic demand
3. Powerful word-of-mouth marketing from using cryptocurrencies in daily life
4. Industry recognition of Polis on the forefront of cutting-edge development
5. Easy conversion from Polis into fiat and vise versa

14

Development and distribution of physical payment cards is a sizable undertaking.
The Executive Team has assessed the feasibility of a global launch and have taken proper
actions, including establishing partnerships across multiple industries, to ensure PolisPay is
a success. The community will be heavily involved in the design, testing and vision of
PolisPay. The first real-world Polis transactions mark a powerful milestone. PolisPay marks
a positively significant shift in the development and future of Polis. Therefore, all
published media has been updated accordingly.

8. Team Members
Ares Chief Executive Officer
CEO of Polis and member of the Board of Directors, Ares has years of experience
managing socially oriented companies. He has worked internationally as an advisor to
different organizations. Ares has been President of non-profit organizations focused on
education and technology. He is dedicated to the Polis mission: to create humanitarian
impact through cryptocurrency. Also, Ares has vast experience in the implementation of
total quality systems. His leadership skills and administrative experience make him well
equipped to lead Polis into the future.
Cronos Chief Technology Officer
Cronos is the original creator of Polis. As CTO and Board of Directors member,
Cronos uses his passion for technology and cryptocurrency to lead Polis technical
development. He is an expert in multiple programming languages and digital economies.
Cronos became involved in cryptocurrency in 2011 and instantly understood the potential
of this emerging technological field. In 2017, Cronos and the Polis Development team
created Polis to empower people. He currently leads Polis research and development to
create new protocol including the upcoming Metropolis.

15

Apollo Chief Business Officer
Apollo is a Chief Business Officer and Board of Directors member. He earned a
Masters in Business Management and has served as Director of various companies. Apollo
has experience as a corporate lawyer and has founded his own non-profit civil association.
An entrepreneur at heart, Apollo has directed a startup accelerator in Silicon Valley. He has
a wide resume including real estate development and building a business empire in the
communications industry.
Poseidon Chief Business Officer
Poseidon is a Chief Business Officer and Board of Directors member. He has
generated rapid business growth as a General Director at numerous service companies.
Poseidon has co-founded companies in the technology, services and humanity sectors. He
has also taught as an international lecturer and worked in strategic planning as a consultant.
A specialist in corporate finance and a passionate marketer, Poseidon brings many skills to
the team. He is also a real estate developer and a member of the American Marketing
Association.
Hephaestus Community Manager
Hephaestus is our community manager. He has experience fostering collaborative
communities both off and online.
Cooldude Digital Manager
Cooldude manages and creates digital content for Polis. He is also an advisor to the
Polis team.

16

Tomflex Cryptocurrency Advisor
Tomflex is a founding member of the Polis community. He has collaborated with
the Polis team from our earliest days.
JackMa Community Marketing Advisor
JackMa is our community marketing advisor who focuses on marketing initiatives
and promotions.
YoYae Node API Manager
YoYae worked with the Polis Development team to create the Polis node API. He
has experience creating APIs for Insight, Bitcored and Copay.
Evolbyte Tech Support Lead
Evolbyte leads our tech support team. He holds a Masters in Computer Science.

9. Acknowledgments
This project would not be possible without the previous work of the Bitcoin and
Dash development teams. We appreciate their efforts greatly. We are excited to belong to an
open source community and appreciate the opportunity to contribute to this growing
technological field. In addition, we thank the passionate members of the Polis community
who have grown this project and participated actively in the evolution of Polis.

17

10. Legal
Cryptocurrency investments are inherently high risk. Before using any
cryptocurrency, it is important to consider the nature, complexity and risk. Do not invest
more than you can afford to lose. It is important not to use coins without taking into
account the possible loss, since the type of change in these currencies is highly volatile and
the Polis team is unable to regulate market-defined prices. We strongly suggest seeking
advice from your own financial, investment, tax, or legal adviser. The Polis Development
Team will always act in good faith and is not liable for the use of Polis by other community
members, persons or institutions.

18

References
1. Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System: https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf
2. Dash White Paper:
https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DOC/pages/5472261/Whitepaper

Thank you for being a member of the Polis community.

19

