Innovative advertising platforms

[ PRCOIN ICO ]
White paper
By
PRCOIN Ad Team

1. Introduction
- PR as Public Relation –
Public Relation. Originally PR has its root in publicity and advertisement.
These days, however, these are just a part of PR.
PR is a notification and persuasion to make environment surrounding organizations soft
and friendly by controlling and adjusting ignorance, bias, distortion, indifference,
falsification, imagination.
Demand and pressure and one type of attitude is a hospitality from environment to
organization.
PR is homework for an organization is to analyzing and understanding all of the cause
determining the attitude against the organization.
PRCOIN is based on block chain and we will be working as a bridge between the
advertiser and the publisher in P2P.
There are over supply of advertisements these days.
Many efforts and costs are required to expose a better, faster, accurate advertisement to
people.
PRCOIN can build an easy low cost, effort system for the advertiser and the publisher to
make a fluent distribution order to expect better advertisement effect.

2. Release
PRCOIN will held a simulation by group of block chain experts in October 2015 and we
will start exchanges between Bitcoin, Ethereum and Ripple Coin for 45 starting from mid
November 2016.

Formal launch will be held after free sale with Initial cost of coin will be based on $0.04.
After 45 days of free sale, PRCOIN will be provided to every buyer’s wallet at once.
Paid PRCOIN can be used in PRCOIN advertisement platform.
After coins are provided, we will launch an exchange market, so that PRCOIN market
could be developed.
Exchange between various ALTCOINs will be freely held in PRCOIN exchange market.

3. Use of PRCOIN
- The biggest advantage of PRCOIN is PRCOIN advertisement platform.
- PRCOIN advertisement platform is developed based on block chain and it's a platform
that can lower the cost and rise the efficiency.
- Through PRCOIN platform, advertiser can freely register his advertisement in PRCOIN
platform.
- Publisher can choose an adequate advertisement to post on his homepage, blog, etc.
and get PRCOIN as a revenue from the advertiser.
- Advertiser can buy PRCOIN to pay advertisement fee and publisher can sell PRCOIN
gained as advertisement fee in exchange market.
- Unlike usual concept of advertisement, advertiser can sell right to publish his
advertisement to the publisher in PRCOIN advertisement platform.
Publisher must buy the right to publish the advertisement from the advertiser.
Which means, publisher buy the right from the advertiser and after that publisher

receive advertisement fee from the advertiser.
This is a cycle that advertiser can gain revenue from selling rights to the publishers
and paying advertisement fee after.
- This can lead advertisers to make more effective and higher quality of advertisements
so that they can be chosen from publishers. For publishers, they can publish better
advertisement to give more effectiveness of advertising to consumers. This will raise
both publishers' and advertisers' revenue.
- Every trade between advertiser and publisher will be held through PRCOIN, eventually
providing trade volume to PRCOIN.
- PRCOIN's value will rise according to the rule of Demand and Supply.
- Simplifying the procedure for PRCOIN so that anyone could use.
- Strict security measure will be taken between advertiser and publisher through
PRCOIN.

4. PRCOIN Platform process 01
[Advertiser]
01. Secure PRCOIN for advertisement fee that will be used in PRCOIN exchange market.

Advertisers will buy on the market that can be exchanged for PRCOIN

02. Register advertisement on PRCOIN platform.

Register a want ad content and advertising PRCOIN platform.

03. Sell AD. Rights to Publisher.

Publishers buy ADs And Passing the advertiser’s ADs

04. PRCOIN payment for publisher. (advertisement fee)

5. PRCOIN Platform process 02
[Publisher]
01. Secure PRCOIN to buy advertisement rights from PRCOIN exchange market.

Publisher will buy on the market that can be exchanged for PRCOIN

02. Choose advertisement from PRCOIN platform.

Select the ad you want to publish on the PRCOIN platform.

03. Advertisement right bought from advertiser.

04. PRCOIN revenue for advertise (advertisement fee)

6. PRCOIN Cycle

7. Concept of reward PRCOIN
- Mutual reward PRCOIN between advertiser and publisher can be used in exchange
market in regular rule.
- The reason for this is to prohibit inflation happening from PRCOINs indiscriminately
being sold in exchange market.
- Rules for the usage of reward PRCOIN.

1. The deadline for counting clicks will be UTC standard 24’o clock of the date of first
clicked published advertisement on homepages and blogs.

2. In every 24 hours in UTC standard, counted reward PRCOIN will automatically paid
to advertiser of publisher’s wallet through PRCOIN advertisement platform.

3. Reward PRCOINs will be sent to requested wallet automatically for 7 days. After the
UTC standard deadline, system will calculate and at the point when withdrawal
request happened when the counting ends. (2 to 3 hours might take before
transmitting coins to private wallet due to block creation time.)

4. If there is no withdrawal request from publisher of advertiser. Reward PRCOIN will
be stored in PRCOIN advertisement platform.

5. If advertiser or publisher request withdrawal, PRCOINs will be automatically paid to
the requested wallet for 7 days.

8. Coin wallet in advertisement platform
- Advertiser or Publisher will make an account on their first login.
- If they make an account, they will get PRCOIN advertisement private wallet.
- They can use PRCOIN advertisement platform service if they transmit PRCOINs bought
in virtual exchange market to private wallet.
- PRCOIN advertisement wallet only can be used to store reward PRCOINs from trades
between advertisers and publishers, and these coins can only be spent for playing
advertisement fee, buying advertising rights and any services on PRCOIN
advertisement platform.
- If you request withdrawal for reward PRCOIN, PRCOIN will be transmitted to the
requested wallet through <Price coin transfer chart>.

- Advertiser must save certain amount of PRCOIN in PRCOIN advertisement platform
private wallet. This is to secure the amount of PRCOINs for Publisher.
- Publisher also have to save certain amount of PRCOINs in PRCOIN advertisement
platform private wallet.
this is to buy advertisement right from the advertiser.

9. How to Advertise
- Various type of advertisement will be exposed to the users visiting the publisher’s
blog or homepage.
(Advertiser can locate advertisement anywhere on the publisher’s homepage)
- When users click the advertisement they move to the page of the advertiser and the
publisher will get reward PRCOINs.
- If the user who clicked the advertisement buy advertiser’s service or product,
advertiser will pay reward PRCOIN as a commission.
- Abnormal way of usage such as illegal clicks can be limited after publishers vote and
judging is made.

10. Conclusion
- Due to large amount of PRCOIN’s fluidity, PRCOIN’s volume will increase in PRCOIN
advertisement platform.
- Reward PRCOIN withdrawal restriction policy can control PRCOIN inflation.
- PRCOIN advertisement platform can make advertisement effect and make money with
the advertisement itself.
- Can reduce the cost for foreign remittance.
- Most important part of coin is fluidity and mutual trust. PRCOIN has both of them,
therefore it can continuously develop.

11. Technology
- Block chain
- IPFs
- Cloud computing
- Big data aggregation
- Spam filter
- AD exchange, expose, settlement system

< System Map >

< Advertiser Flow>

< Publisher Flow>

12. Road maps for PRCOIN
- Build a system by linking PRCOIN block chain and credit card companies like VISA,
MASTER, AMEX so that PRCOIN can be used anywhere in this world.
- Develop various platforms using PRCOIN block chain.
(User to User direct trading platform, Social Networking Service platform, database
platform)
- Develop a one large global advertisement market by building an advertisement
dispersed platform.

