PROJECT PAI

MOTIVATION WHITEPAPER
DECENTRALIZED, PEER-ENABLED
AI IDENTITIES FOR THE AI
ECONOMY

October 2017
ProjectPAI.com

TABLE OF CONTENTS
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

3

INTRODUCTION

4

PROJECT PAI TERMINOLOGY

6

VISION OF PROJECT PAI

8

Purpose
Smart Contract Implementation
PAI Principles
BLOCKCHAIN SUMMARY

12

Three Pillars of the Blockchain
Governance Rules
INNOVATION PARTNER

14

ObEN
Partners, Investors
PAI COIN AND CREDITS SYSTEM

19

A Dual Currency
USE CASES

21

Personal Assistant
Sharing Economy
Healthcare
Social Networking
Entertainment and Media
Distributed AI
CONCLUSION

29

REFERENCES

30

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
The cornerstone of artificial intelligence (AI) is the ability
to make highly competent, humanistic decisions that
successfully pass the Turing test [1]. In the last decade,
we’ve seen rapid advancement of strong, sophisticated
AI machines in a variety of industries; the autonomous
vehicle industry is delivering a new transportation economy;
Alphabet’s AlphaGO has toppled the best Go board
players in the world; neural networks like IBM Watson learn
and process vast amounts of information at unimaginable
paces. The peak of artificial intelligence is almost here, but

“

THE PEAK OF ARTIFICIAL
INTELLIGENCE IS
ALREADY HERE.

”

with several limitations: current AI is only developed for a narrow, task-specific domains, is prohibitively
resource-intensive, and thus is heavily influenced by and for the interests of a select number of industry
leaders. For these reasons Project PAI is developing an open-source blockchain protocol to decentralize
AI development for everyone. The foundation for an interoperable AI blockchain starts from the ground
up firstly with creating AI for the individual.
This paper presents a utility network coin for using PAI, the world’s first Personal AI (PAI), a 3D intelligent
avatar designed to look like you, speak like you, and behave like you in the digital space. A person’s
PAI is directly owned and managed by the original user, who can be compensated for deploying their
PAI online, creating a new AI economy. The unique, AI blockchain protocol enables the decentralization
of PAI and contains many layers: authentication, network, storage, and AI. The PAI Network is a
decentralized platform built from the protocol, and acts as an avatar repository and foundation for
decentralized applications to use PAI in everyday life. As the AI economy grows, the blockchain protocol
will be able to be used for purposes beyond PAI and other general broad-domain AI development.
A two-level currency structure maintains a user-friendly and consumer-facing use of PAI in mainstream
culture. PAI Coins interact directly with the PAI Network, while credits are used within decentralized
applications.

3

INTRODUCTION

“

THE FOUNDATIONAL IDEA OF HUMANISTIC
COMPUTING IS THAT PROVENANCE IS
VALUABLE. INFORMATION IS PEOPLE IN
DISGUISE, AND PEOPLE OUGHT TO BE PAID FOR
VALUE THEY CONTRIBUTE THAT CAN BE SENT OR
STORED ON A DIGITAL NETWORK.

”

­- JARON LANIER, WHO OWNS THE FUTURE? [2]

Our entire lives exist in the digital world; our finances, social activity, and even behavioral traits. Wherever
we go online, we leave behind a trail of data that corporations use to build our digital profiles and plug
into AI algorithms that improve their services for us. The more we engage in their experiences, the better
they can personalize our needs and retain us as loyal users.
Although this may seem advantageous, we need to realize that our digital profiles are now complex
enough to build an accurate model of our real-world behavior — they are our real-world selves in
disguise that are wholly owned by corporations. Currently our profiles exist in legacy data formats that
have changed very little beyond traditional identities (e.g., passport IDs and bank account numbers). But
enriched with AI through data such as our social interactions, we have the potential to introduce cognitive
capability into our digital profiles.
Now imagine that our digital profiles are able to think and speak, born from the online personality
patterns tied directly to ourselves. We add three-dimensionality to our intelligent profiles and turn them
into 3D avatars; intelligent agents that have our personality and likeness that we command knowing that
it is a trusted representative of our true identity. There are endless possibilities for us to use our intelligent
agents anywhere in the digital space. But as it stands right now, companies build complex AI from our
interactions on their platforms and monetize them through focused advertisements and search results;
these corporations get all the associated benefits and revenue while we who provide the source for the
profiles get limited access and no means to readily utilize them for our own needs and at our discretion.

4

We can build a new type of distribution platform to
bring back value for the contributor and decentralize
the way we use AI. It is a platform that inherits the
best qualities of online experiences and efficient
AI technologies, but begins with us, the individual
contributor, as the center of the design. Each of us
has an enormous volume of digital assets that can be
refined with artificial intelligence to support a new type
of digital economic system, an Artificial Intelligence
Economy. In this humanistic platform, every person’s
AI asset is a node on a network, where these nodes

“

A HUMANISTIC PLATFORM
COULD ALLOW US TO CREATE
OUR OWN COMPREHENSIVE
DIGITAL PROFILES.

”

cooperate with each other to build up value and are compensated for their actions. The higher the
contribution to the network, the greater the compensation. It is an AI economy that is built by the people,
for the people, with the people.
Right now the complexity of AI renders it inaccessible to a broader audience, and results in AI that is
designed top-down to the benefit of the corporations who fund these initiatives. Project PAI is instead
building the AI economy from the bottom up, starting with the everyday individual to empower them to
be part of a collective AI community. From that seed, the platform can scale and help to solve the world’s
biggest problems.
And by tying artificial intelligence to our digital profiles, we breathe life into our personal information and
turn them into our very own three-dimensional avatars; avatars that depict our likeness and voice, and can
perform tasks as our representative in the AI economy. They are verified within a decentralized network
as proof of acting upon our behalf and empower our online activity. Our intelligent digital assets can be
collectively summed up as Personal Artificial Intelligence (PAI) — profiles that have the ability go out and
tell the stories of our lives in our own words, in our own likeness and voice, and interact with the world on
our behalf.
We foresee the impact of integrated AI, and we will aim to harness the next great technological
watershed moment in human history. Project PAI believes that the new age of the AI economy has arrived,
and can be realized by first celebrating the individual.

5

PROJECT PAI TERMINOLOGY
Digital Profiles
Any form of personal identifier that can be contributed to the creation or improvement
of a PAI. Some examples include: biometric, voice capture, facial recognition, semantics,
social activity, and even personality.
PAI
The Personal Artificial Intelligence (PAI) is a 3D digital twin avatar that looks, talks, and
behaves uniquely like the original human. The identity can be verified as true to the
owner of the PAI, and be given duties to act on behalf of the owner as a delegated
representative. The PAI is always improving through the accumulation of interactions and
contributions from the owner and other users on the platform. (e.g. The owner may only
speak English, but his or her PAI may speak Chinese, automatically learning from the
collection of Chinese-speaking users.)
PAI Network
A decentralized platform upon which decentralized applications utilizing PAI can be
built. A user’s PAI can be created, stored, and deployed upon the platform onto any
decentralized application, controlled discreetly at the owner’s discretion.
AI Economy
An artificial intelligence-driven economy built upon the PAI Network, where PAI
intelligently exchange goods and services for a new model of transaction reducing the
reliance upon trusted entities.
Applications
Decentralized applications (PAI App) built upon the PAI Network. These applications span
across the personal information economy i.e. social networking, healthcare, education,
and other personalized products and services. Applications utilize PAI as the core
functionality for the experience; this couples with consumer-facing currency generalized
as Credits.
Authenticator
Anyone who offers human labor to verify and confirm changes that have taken place
within the PAI Network. E.g. CAPTCHA uses tests only humans can grade and pass.
Tasks able to be performed on mobile devices without requiring additional equipment
investment.
6

Miner
Anyone who offers computing power to process changes to the blockchain and
is compensated in PAI Coin as a reward. A Miner can also be considered a type
of Authenticator.
PAI Coin
The native currency on the PAI blockchain with which applications and users transact to
process changes.
Credits
Consumer-facing currency that exists on the application level. Users earn credits when
contributing training data to the application or purchase them via PAI Coin. (e.g.
recording
audio from a script or facial data from a selfie.)
PAI Blockchain Protocol
A blockchain, a peer-to-peer network which stores identical and unalterable blocks
of information across the network, will be utilized in the Project PAI technology. This
blockchain exists from a combination of layers: authentication, transaction, and data.
Any instance of PAI being active on an application, receiving credits for a transactional
exchange of PAI information, checking for verification, storing for biometric data, or
assisting in AI development, will be written to the blockchain protocol for immutability.
Altogether, it enables the trustless uniquity in which PAI cannot be copied and deployed
without a person’s permission. Permission of PAI in most cases covers the Right to
Publicity [3] or personality rights, where an individual controls the commercial usage of
their image, likeness, or other facets of one’s personal identity.

7

VISION OF PROJECT PAI
PURPOSE
A person’s PAI is a network-verified 3D AI avatar that looks like the owner, speaks in the voice of the
owner, and represents the owner when acting on his or her behalf [4]. Project PAI believes that every
person in the world has the right to create, own, manage, and use their own PAI as per their Right to
Publicity. To fulfill that mission, Project PAI proposes a blockchain protocol designed to give people
trackable ownership and management rights (e.g., portability, limited sharing, and interoperability) to
their intelligent personal data profiles, or their PAI. The protocol serves as the foundation of a new AI
economy, where AI is decentralized, personal data is securely associated with a person’s PAI, and people
are fairly compensated for their contributions.
Current blockchain protocols are built upon a straightforward peer-to-peer network for transactions and
management. The PAI Blockchain Protocol incorporates decentralized artificial intelligence development
into the blockchain, in addition to typical transaction and management rights that cryptocurrencies such
as Bitcoin and Ethereum contain. However layering artificial intelligence into the blockchain, and building
around AI as a core component of the blockchain requires additional work and specialization to create an
entirely independent protocol with functionalities custom-designed for AI usage. We believe that a wholly
separate blockchain built independently for AI will encourage faster adoption by AI developers and
maintain a focused domain around PAI-centric applications.
This unique blockchain protocol sets the stage for a decentralized platform (PAI Network) supporting an
AI Economy. The act of decentralization ensures no one entity has ownership of personal data, and all
processing of transactions are distributed among a vast network of computers. PAI can be stored, verified,
and transacted, in addition to AI development to further improve PAI all on the PAI Network. PAI-centric
applications can be built upon this decentralized platform; applications that can deploy and update PAI
when user-interactions occur, and utilize the blockchain to verify and secure the movement of information.

“

PROJECT PAI BELIEVES THAT
EVERY PERSON IN THE WORLD
HAS THE RIGHT TO CREATE,
OWN, MANAGE, AND USE THEIR
OWN PAI AND AS PER THEIR
RIGHT TO PUBLICITY.

”

SMART CONTRACT IMPLEMENTATION
Permissions and Security
Users will have complete control over
how their PAI is used on the network.
They can enable their PAI to perform
tasks on their behalf in different
8

applications on the PAI blockchain. PAI is secure as all PAI activities leave a footprint on
the blockchain and are easily traceable in any case of malicious usage.
Footprint & Interoperability
On the PAI Network, users can use their PAIs simultaneously on multiple applications
for dating, shopping, healthcare, and other services. Deployment on multiple fronts
should be a seamless experience for users’ respective PAIs. Owners can check their PAI’s
behavior on different applications and alter the PAI’s decision making process through
manual improvements and learned behaviors. The presence of PAI across applications on
the platform leaves a digital footprint of the user’s PAI on the blockchain.
Interoperability is also positively impacted as users do not need to rebuild a PAI profile or
set new preferences for every application that is used; user profiles and learned behavior
is automatically applied to the PAI on a new application.
Reputation
As PAI leaves a footprint on the network, it also builds a profile for the user. The digital
footprint can be used to build a personal score of trust (similar to credit score) which will
be useful for many decentralized applications on the PAI Network.
Proof of Identification
Proof of identification on the ecosystem is possible through implementation of the
blockchain. Only one PAI is made per individual on the PAI Network, and all activities and
interactions are subsequently timestamped and placed on the blockchain.
Fake profiles are not possible on the network through data verification performed by
Authenticators. If the permissions are set by the user such that their PAI is usable by
developers for external use, the user is still able to track the PAI activities to ensure their
PAI is not misused for malicious behavior.

9

PAI PRINCIPLES
We propose developing and utilizing PAI from four key principles (see dia. 1):
(1)

Identical & Realistic Representation

(2)

Verification

(3)

Delegation

(4)

Collaboration

Dia. 1 Illustration of PAI development and utilization
PRINCIPLES
Identical & Realistic Representation
PAI will be a representation of the original owner - it will look like the owner, sound like
the owner, and behave like the owner. The more data an individual contributes to their
PAI, the higher the accuracy and reflection of likeness there will be for her and for the
other community users. Identicality covers a broad spectrum of identifiers that include
but are not limited to the user’s voice color and intonations, facial capture, and their
personality and behavioral traits. In this case Project PAI envisions the representation of
PAI to best be exhibited in mobile devices and anticipates mobile augmented reality
(AR) functionality as a naturally optimal, immersive environment for PAI to start.
Verification
The identity of the PAI can be verified for trust through the blockchain protocol. The data
and experiences created, developed, and submitted by people or developers can also
be verified for trust through the blockchain protocol. Anyone who helps verify through
the blockchain is compensated with PAI Coins. Project PAI enables a self-serving
network.
10

Delegation
These holistic PAI can operate on the owner’s behalf and with permission, opening
greater opportunities in the humanistic information economy. PAI will go out and create
relationships with other parties, and will be able to perform duties that a user cannot,
either from their lack of ability or from time constraints. E.g. PAI that can speak in other
languages and perform time-saving conversations on their behalf.
Project PAI also provides a tool for its owners to exercise their Right of Publicity,
where every person is an owner of their likeness and representation. As such, rights
management and control of one’s PAI belongs solely to the owner and not any other
entity.
Collaboration
Any person will be able to simply create their PAI and instantly deploy it into any
experience, joining a community of PAI users who are compensated for their work,
and are contributing to the growth of the technology. People can train their PAIs by

“

contributing personal data to a pool of
information for deep learning that improves

THE MORE DATA AN
INDIVIDUAL CONTRIBUTES
TO THEIR PAI THE HIGHER
THE ACCURACY AND
REFLECTION OF LIKENESS
THERE WILL BE.

the quality of humanistic behaviors. The
community thus collectively contributes to
the evolution of the entire PAI ecosystem
-- the more a person uses their PAI and
contributes data to Project PAI, the faster,
smarter and more useful everyone else’s PAI
will become.

”

11

BLOCKCHAIN SUMMARY
THREE PILLARS OF THE BLOCKCHAIN
The PAI Blockchain Protocol is built with the intention to streamline AI technologies, machine learning,
and deep-learning together in a user-friendly, individual-first approach. Three core components make up
the landscape of the AI-enabled blockchain:
(1)

Authentication

(2)

Transaction

(3)

Data

Authentication
Strong encryption and hashing algorithms are used to ensure the security and veracity
of network communication. Provenance, ownership, access, and chain-of-custody
information is conveyed via strong asymmetric cryptography backed by a recommended
multi-signature public key infrastructure (PKI) [5]. A PAIcoin wallet securely and
anonymously ties together all of a user’s AI data assets in an passwordless process. A
PAI’s ownership can be verified, through the use of asymmetric digital signing with the
PAI Coin wallet, in every interaction — a public and private pairing.
Strongly enforced security protocols are used to guarantee the safety of PAI ownership.
It is paramount that a PAI knows its owner. That relationship cannot be counterfeit. It
is equally important that an owner has total control of the permissions their PAI has to
interact with the outside world [6].
Transaction
Users on the PAI Network transact with PAI Coins. The reward system for goods and
services such as compensation for providing computational power or payment for using
an application all operate with PAI Coins as the standard currency. The blockchain
keeps record of those transactions for immutability.
Data
The data layer encrypts the data and secures the peer to peer interactions in the PAI
Network.

12

GOVERNANCE RULES
The PAI blockchain protocol runs in the background whenever a user adds themselves to the system. This
will facilitate user data learning and formal verification of the data by the miners who are compensated.
Project PAI aims to decentralize the ownership of these user profiles and identities and return it back to
the owners. The blockchain protocol provides the technical infrastructure to enable the following:
(1)

PAI developers deploy PAI in online applications and products.

(2)

Developers earn and transact PAI Coins by providing experiences and 			
services.

(3)

Consumers from around the world are compensated for contributing data and 		
training their PAI to collectively improve the neural network on the platform.

(4)

People own and control their PAI as per the US Right of Publicity.

(5)

PAIs are deployed within interactive and monetized experiences.

Building a PAI and developing PAI technology requires large amounts of data ­— not just from the person
who wants to build their PAI, but also from the entire community. The more people contribute data to
Project PAI, the better the quality of the PAIs will be for everyone else. For example, in the navigation
application Waze, people contribute their driving data to the entire Waze network. Waze not only relies
on the community of users to provide robust traffic information to quickly get users to their destination,
but also learns preferred driving patterns of an individual and improves the overall quality of their
navigation experience over time.
DEVELOPMENT

“

The development of the PAI blockchain protocol is led by Alex

PROJECT PAI AIMS TO
DECENTRALIZE THE
OWNERSHIP OF THESE
USER PROFILES AND
IDENTITIES BACK TO THE
OWNERS.

”

Waters, who was previously part of the development team
for the original Satoshi Bitcoin Client, now Bitcoin Core. He is
the Cofounder and CEO of CoinApex which is a NYC-based
software, technology, and cryptography incubator. Along with his
collaborators, he has also founded Coin.co, a Bitcoin payment
processing facilitator, and Coin Validation, a due diligence service
for Bitcoin businesses. His experience in the development of early
blockchain technology and expertise within the community provides
a clear development path for the PAI blockchain protocol.
13

INNOVATION COLLABORATORS
The vision of Project PAI is made achievable through the support of collaborators and developers
committed to bringing PAI to life. Project PAI is working alongside AI company ObEN to develop the PAI
Network and blockchain protocol. As a leader in personal artificial intelligence technologies, ObEN is
able to provide the necessary tools for harnessing personal data into intelligent avatars. Allied in values
and ideals for the future of AI, ObEN is Project PAI’s first contributing innovator.

OBEN
About ObEN
ObEN is an artificial intelligence company that creates Personal Artificial Intelligence
(PAI) for consumers and celebrities, enabling never before possible social and virtual
interactions.
ObEN builds a person’s digital voice, image and personality to create a Personal AI
that can be used across mobile, augmented reality, virtual reality, and IoT experiences.
Founded in 2014, ObEN is a Tencent and Softbank Ventures Korea portfolio company
and is located in Pasadena, California.
ObEN’s mission is to develop artificial intelligence and design digital avatars that create
human interactions that are as playful and unique as everyday life.
ObEN’s Founders
Nikhil Jain is the cofounder and CEO of ObEN. Prior to ObEN, Nikhil worked at
healthcare company, Kaiser Permanente, developing electronic medical record
applications. He previously cofounded two start-ups, On Green, a B2B marketplace
for cleantech and Up and Running Software, an open source software development
company. Nikhil has an MBA from the University of Southern California, and a B.S in
Electrical Engineering from Pondicherry University.
Dr. Adam Zheng is the cofounder and COO of ObEN. Prior to ObEN, Adam cofounded
Baihe.com, the largest dating platform in China with over 200 million users. Baihe is the
first dating company in China to implement ID-verification to ensure online profiles match
in real life. Adam received his Ph.D. in Environmental Engineering from UC Davis and a
Master of Financial Engineering from UC Berkeley.

14

Motivation
ObEN’s personal artificial intelligence technologies are built on the principles of transfer
learning, which means that a technology solution applied for one problem can also be
applied towards other, similarly presented issues. In this case ObEN’s neural networks
learn from the experiences of an individual and applies its learning when engaging other
users. When more individuals share their experiences with ObEN, the broader community
benefits as well.
Unlike other AI technologies that rely on a finite number of users tied to a single
platform, a decentralized platform offers AI technology many advantages when
individuals are freely connected to a vast community of contributing users. Fully realizing
these benefits, ObEN champions the ideas of open-accessibility and decentralization to
advance and distribute its technologies around the world.
ObEN’s technology not only meets the full spectrum of Personal AI (voice, behavior, and
likeness), but also packages the technology in consumer-friendly products. The public
can easily create their own personal AI through mobile devices without the requirement
of expensive production tools. Whether ObEN’s technology is deployed in service
partnerships through APIs or SDKs or its own consumer products, the end user always
experiences an easy, friendly way of creating and using their own PAI.
Privacy and security run parallel to the development efforts of ObEN’s technology. As AI
continues to become more personalized and becomes a valuable container for sensitive
personal data, the best solution points to decentralizing artificial intelligence and tying it
securely to a blockchain protocol.
For these core reasons, ObEN is actively engaged with the mission of Project PAI and
will participate in its development and adopt its protocol. ObEN’s values align closely
with the belief that a new personal information economy for PAI should be built by the
people, for the people, with the people.
Technology
ObEN is the first AI company to combine speech, computer vision and natural language
processing (NLP) technologies to construct a digital voice, 3D image, and personality; all
the components required for a unified Personal AI. ObEN has over 15 patents pending
and has produced a variety of technology APIs that can be easily integrated into the PAI.

15

SPEECH
Speech Synthesis
User records a small sample of their speech to create a personalized textto-speech model that sounds like the user. Can then be used for a variety of
voice applications.
Singing Synthesis
The capability to generate singing from a personalized text-to-speech.
Enhances singing skills or map to any singing style.
VoiceID
ObEN technology can perform various degrees of identification based upon
the user’s data, such as speaker recognition and even identifying user’s
height from voice tonality.

COMPUTER VISION
Avatar Creation
Through a simple 2D photo, ObEN technology creates a 3D digital avatar
that is a realistic, visual representation of the user.
Avatar System & API
A 3D avatar system which allows for changing body shape, clothes, hairs,
animation, as well as virtual makeup. Cloud-based API for the system and
avatar.
Avatar Animation
Full 3D body virtual animation, facial tracking and voice input for speechdriven animation. Facial tracking on mobile device allows for real-time
animation as well.
FaceID
ObEN’s technology can perform various degrees of identification based
upon the user’s data, such as facial recognition.

16

NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING
Narrow Domain Chatbot
Users can chat with virtual avatars of celebrities or other real users, and
perform Q&A around specific themes with the avatar.

Business Model
As the primary developer for Project PAI, ObEN’s development efforts on PAI, the PAI
Network, and the PAIchain, will be compensated through a portion of PAI Coins set aside
during the Coin Generation Event.
ObEN will also be developing its own consumer applications for deployment on
the PAI Network and will implement its own second-level, credits currency structure,
called ObEN Credits. ObEN Credits can be earned or purchased using PAI Coins, and
cannot be redeemed for fiat currency or other cryptocurrencies. Following Project PAI
principles, ObEN Credits can be used across ObEN applications, and users who provide
their personal information on these applications to improve the PAI technology will be
compensated in ObEN Credits.

PARTNERS

AI Stars is an entertainment technology company that creates virtual

celebrities, virtual versions of real celebrities that look, talk and behave like
the celebrity and interact with their fans globally.

17

INVESTORS

To date, ObEN has raised venture funding from some of the most respected investors in the world. Major
investors include:

• Tencent

• Softbank SB Next Media Innovation Fund (SB Media Fund)
• Ruigang Li: Founder of China Media Capital

• Soo-man Lee: Founder of S.M. Entertainment
• S.M. Entertainment Group (S.M.)
• DunAn Group
• Idealab

• HTC Vive X

• CrestValue Capital

• Cybernaut Westlake Partners
• Fengshion Capital

• Tsinghua Leaguer: Research Institute of Tsinghua University
• Inmaginator
• PreAngel

• The Third Wave Capital
• NewMargin Venture
• E3 Capital

• NewDo Venture

• Membrain Ventures

LEARN MORE
Please scan QR codes for a demo of ObEN’s AI tech

YOUTUBE

YOUKU

18

PAI COIN AND CREDITS SYSTEM

Dia. 2 Illustration of the PAI ecosystem at consumer and platform levels.

A DUAL CURRENCY
The PAI platform accepts a two-level structure of cryptocurrencies to keep the blockchain ecosystem and
end-user experiences separate (dia. 2):
1. The native and decentralized PAI Coin by Project PAI
2. Dedicated application-level credits, which can be designed by people and organizations for 		
their own applications.
19

Currently, many resources estimate there are 10 million active Bitcoin users in the world [7]. Compared
to Facebook, WeChat, or Snapchat, the numbers for cryptocurrency adoption are not in the same order
of magnitude. Project PAI’s structure is designed to lower the bar for everyday consumers to engage
with blockchain-built applications and the PAI platform without needing to own Bitcoin or Ethereum or
understand blockchain; hence creating a low barrier to entry for a consumer [8].
Any person who engages with the platform on the ecosystem
level can be compensated for their participation with PAI Coins.
Every person that operates on the PAI blockchain directly can
be a Miner. Any person who engages with the platform on the
application level can be compensated for their participation with
credits. Any decentralized application will have their own credits
with currency nomenclature unique to the application itself (e.g.

“

PROJECT PAI’S
STRUCTURE IS DESIGNED
TO LOWER THE BAR FOR
EVERYDAY CONSUMERS

Application A has Z gems, application B has Y cash).
Developers can construct smart contracts for transactions on
both native PAI Coins and application-level credits. These smart

”

contracts, written to the blockchain, are designed to screen PAIs,
enforce transaction, verify and enforce the additions and changes
to the PAI platform (see dia. 3).

Dia. 3 Difference of smart contracts between credits and PAI Coins
20

PAI USE CASES
Project PAI will work with developers and organizations around the world to create PAI-based experiences
that encourage consumers to leverage the PAI platform. Below are several diverse industry use cases that
demonstrate how applications can be built utilizing PAI as its core functionality while remaining integral to
a vast range of everyday activities.
PERSONAL ASSISTANT
Personal assistants offer numerous time-savings, from scheduling meetings to preference-based
searching. Current assistants only exist within platform-centric entities such as an email client, and are
unique in their identity. A PAI can perform tasks while still acting as yourself, so you are free to do other
activities.

PAI Utility
• Facilitator in decision-making and reducing the number of choices a user
must decide from.
• Gatekeeper that screens undesirable experiences in front of the user.
• Navigator that walks people through experiences and enhances their
online journey.

Shopping
Ellie is a teenager from Los Angeles who loves shopping but rarely has the opportunity
to visit top stores given her busy school schedule. Ellie’s PAI learns her dressing style,
tracks the latest designs and tries on digital outfits. Ellie pulls up her PAI on her mobile
device and watches it wearing different outfits using AR. She selects her favorite ones and
purchases the real outfits for herself.
Flight Deals
Lily is an avid traveler who looks forward to her next trip abroad. She uses AR on her
mobile device to pull up PAI travel agents and have them help her find interesting
destinations at a great price. She notices one agent is wearing a Roman tunic and finds
out there is a great promotional package to historic sites around Greece and Italy. Lily
21

loves the package and sends her PAI to ask her favorite travel buddies if they might be
interested in joining.
Restaurant Takeout
Richard’s family has difficulty finding takeout restaurants that meets everyone’s food
preferences; it takes time to search, call, inquire about food restrictions, and take every
family member’s order. Richard’s PAI can search for restaurants that cater to his family’s
dietary needs, create a selection of order combinations, and check with each family
member to approve the selections.

SHARING ECONOMY
Every individual has a variety of idle assets from empty bedrooms to parked cars. Companies like Uber
and Airbnb have built up their platforms by partitioning markets of the sharing economy. All these sharing
economy platforms are based upon the tenets of trust and communication, where PAI can easily manage
the exchanges between individual parties. The PAI Network also has the ability to link all these disparate
sharing markets so that sharing any asset becomes seamless.

PAI Utility
• An arbitrator to share the owner’s idle assets and services with other
parties, and mediate transactions.

Car Sharing
Diane has an idle autonomous car parked at her company’s site. While she is at work,
Diane’s PAI announces to other users that her autonomous car is available for use during
the day. A user who is interested sends their PAI to Diane’s PAI and negotiates pickup
times, location, and pricing. All the parties involved, from the autonomous driving car
company, to Diane, to the user, and even the insurance agency engage with the PAI
Network for a direct pay and seamless transaction process.
House Sharing
Tanya is a homeowner in Berlin, and occasionally rents out her additional rooms when

22

she’s away. Answering everyone’s questions and coordinating the experience can be
very time intensive. Tanya’s PAI coordinates arrival dates with her guest and answers
commonly asked questions about the home. When they arrive, Tanya’s guests use AR on
their mobile device to get a tour of the rooms from her PAI.

HEALTHCARE
Healthcare systems have often stretched their staffing resources thin. Patients have more questions
than doctors have time to answer and hospitals are seeking out innovative means to maintain
patient satisfaction and increase efficiencies. PAI comes as a medium to bridge better patient-doctor
relationships and as a proxy to represent owners that are absent from conversation.

PAI Utility
• A representative of electronic medical records for healthcare stakeholders
to interact
• Preparatory guide that coaches patients through recovery and the
healthcare system
• A monitor to remind and advise patients on maintaining health

Pre-operative Preparation
Eileen is preparing to have knee replacement surgery at her local hospital. In the coming
weeks before the operation she has to be prepared. Her surgeon’s PAI can introduce
himself and offer scripted instructions on how to get ready. On the day of the surgery,
Eileen is cleared by the hospital for operation thanks to the instructions and feels
comfortable knowing she’s already met her surgeon beforehand.
Medication Reminders
Yuchen is in elementary school and needs to take regular medication for his condition.
He often forgets to take the prescriptions which also carry complex instructions. Yuchen’s
doctor uses his PAI to send Yuchen daily reminders to take his prescriptions. In AR Yuchen
can watch his doctor’s PAI act out the instructions for taking the medication which serves
as a visual reminder. Yuchen’s trust of his doctor encourages him to follow the instructions
as given.
23

Patient Monitoring
Liam lives alone in his living community and his age and health have started to catch up
with him. Dr. Abbas has so many other patients with conditions that he can’t visit Liam
every day. Instead he sends his PAI to do a daily check-in with Liam to ensure that Liam is
taking his medication and to monitor his health. Dr. Abbas’s PAI will alert him if anything
is wrong.
Physical Therapy
Jess goes to her physical therapist to rehabilitate a recent rugby injury. All the physical
therapy exercises are complex to perform and remember on her own, so her physical
therapist sends her animations of her PAI performing the exercises. When Jess is at
home, she can watch her avatar go through the motions and copy the exercises exactly
as she sees it on her own body.

SOCIAL NETWORKING
The core of social networking experiences are built around effectively communicating context, intent, and
finding creative means to express emotion and personality. PAI offers more ways to express oneself online
and be present in conversations even when the owner is not physically present.

PAI Utility
• A favorable representation of the user in the virtual world

Dating
Amy’s busy work schedule prevents her from spending time to find the perfect match.
Instead she allows her PAI to do the searching for her — it will search according to her
preferences and find profiles it knows align with Amy’s personality. It will even talk to
other PAI and answer questions during the search process. It then presents Amy with a
matching PAI profile. Because the PAI is verified and identical to the owner, she knows
that the profile exists in the real world and looks exactly like his PAI so there are no
surprises on the first date [9].
Job Search
24

Mindy is a recent college graduate looking for a job and sends her PAI to a virtual career
fair. She notes the most interesting companies, and sends her PAI to hand out her resume
and tell recruiters the highlights of her background. Using AR on her mobile device, she
pulls up the PAI of company recruiters and watches them pitch their company vision.
Group Chat
Amie likes to chat with her friends in group conversations, but doesn’t like doing video
conferencing since there’s pressure to put on makeup and look presentable. Instead she
talks through her PAI that she has beautified through makeup filters. Her friends also
decide to talk through their PAI and feel like they are all together when projected in AR
on their mobile devices. They create animations of their PAI interacting with each other
and have them do tricks that are entertaining for the entire group.
Voicemail
Ira flies on planes quite often and is worried about missing important phone calls. Ira’s
PAI is deployed while he is up in the air to screen messages and track who has called.
When Ira lands from his flight, he gets a summary update from his PAI who lets him know
who called, if it’s important to give them a call back, and screens out telemarketing calls
so he knows he doesn’t have to listen to those missed messages.
Emoji Stickers
Timur likes to send his friends silly memes, gifs, and emojis into their group messages.
Using his PAI he can have himself dance, say silly things, and act out emotions to make
his friends laugh in the group without having to do it himself.

ENTERTAINMENT & MEDIA
Star power and strong brands have untapped potential to influence even larger audiences, and further
strengthen relationships with loyal consumers. Celebrities have a limited amount of time they can
spend with their fans. They seek ways to further their brand and diversify monetization channels. PAI can
empower celebrities and branded experiences to exist where they previously could not, and diversify into
more channels of interaction that will add value to users.

PAI Utility
• Entertainment provider and social interaction medium

25

Coffee with Celebrity
Jun is a big fan of Elon Musk, and closely follows all of his projects and companies. Jun
wishes that he could sit down with Elon to ask the biggest questions on his mind. For a
small fee, Jun reserves an AR coffee meeting with Elon’s PAI and his three closest friends.
Jun and his friends sit at a virtual table and ask Elon’s PAI questions about raising funds,
his childhood, and advice for starting companies.
Internet of Things (IoT)
Katie loves having connected devices in her home, because they improve all aspects of
her lifestyle. She uses her smart devices to order groceries, dim the lights, and play her
favorite movies starring Morgan Freeman. Katie likes Morgan Freeman so much that
she purchases his PAI and integrates it into all of her IoT devices. Now she can hear his
booming voice on all her smart products and carry Morgan’s PAI as a companion on her
mobile device.
eBook
Seven-year old Molly loves to listen to her father read her favorite Harry Potter book
at bedtime. Whenever her father is out of town, Molly is able to load up his avatar and
listen to her favorite stories in his voice again. She uses augmented reality to project her
father’s PAI on top of the bed covers, so she can see his expressions as he reads new
stories. Molly can hear the stories in his voice and have his PAI say good night to her.
Celebrity
Rising K-pop star Hoon does his best to engage with his fans, but there is a demand
for intimacy that can’t be met given his busy schedule. With his PAI, Hoon creates
personalized one-on-one experiences; fans have music duets with Hoon’s PAI and share
the videos with their friends. Hoon’s PAI is also a personal companion on fans’ mobile
phones and can show up in AR to tell jokes, stories, and engage in conversation when
fans are feeling lonely. Fans can also receive the latest updates and gossip about Hoon
when they engage in conversation with his PAI.
Karaoke
A local arcade has just installed a virtual reality (VR) karaoke game. Summer is both
an avid gamer and an aspiring young singer, and is excited to challenge herself at the
karaoke arcade. She adds stylish outfits to her PAI which loads it into the game where
she can sing and watch her PAI dance on the VR stage. In the bonus round of the game,
her PAI switches to AI mode where she watches it sing perfectly on its own and it dances
like a celebrity. She downloads the video of her PAI and uses it to practice her own
26

singing and dance moves at home.
Tastemaker
Lucia is a popular video blogger who talks about fashion, lifestyle, and design. She is
supported by a variety of brands. Her fans always ask for advice on clothing and design
decisions. Lucia uses her PAI to directly engage with her fans when she is not there and
recommends her favorite brands based on the type of clothing they ask her about. Her
PAI is a cultural tastemaker; every morning it greets her fans with a selection of news
articles and daily updates on her life that fans can browse.

DISTRIBUTED ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
A core layer of the PAI Blockchain Protocol is built around supporting the development of AI. This
enables not just PAI but also other AI applications and algorithms that can share common structures such
as distributed computing on the blockchain, all aimed toward empowering the individual.

AI Utility
• Distributed computing and reward system framework for AI development

Genomic Sequencing
Fernando is interested in learning about the genetic mutations in his family’s heredity
patterns to identify if his children are at risk for a particular disease. Using the PAI
Blockchain Protocol, he uses his PAI and open-source algorithms to process the
computing power needed to pinpoint the mutations at a low cost and without handing
over his medical data to any outsider.
Independent Game Design
Dolly is the sole designer working on an interactive VR game that allows users to choose
their own adventure that are unique every time the game is played. She runs her VR
game through the blockchain protocol to run thousands of simulations to autonomously
create new adventures for her users.
Amateur Astronomy
In her free time, Samra enjoys tracking planetary orbits and looking for new, undiscovered
27

objects in the sky. She has hundreds of night images taken over the years that she runs
through the blockchain protocol using an algorithm looking for hidden objects and
mapping out orbital paths. She shares her results with other amaetur astronomers around
the world and together on the blockchain they create an evolving network of quality
information that rivals government-funded programs.
NGO Hospital
A volunteer doctor, Seyed, is administering a healthcare operation overseas in a region
lacking a healthcare system. Because of a shortage of trained staff, Seyed relies on
a PAI to help answer patient questions. He uses the blockchain to run deep learning
computations on the datasets of conversations to improve patient health outcomes. His
PAI learns to personalize responses and educates Seyed about cultural sensitivity towards
his patients. Seyed and the other nearby NGOs share their data to collaborate and build
better AI models to improve the affected region.

28

CONCLUSION
The future of our digital identities will be decentralized, and there are multiple organizations pushing to
retrieve privacy and ownership in the hands of the true identity holder. The ability for our digital identity
to be comprehensive, identical to ourselves, and intelligent enough to perform tasks on our behalf exists
only in the form of Personal Artificial Intelligence (PAI). Imagine owning a digital avatar that is certifiably
you, that looks and speaks like you, and that freely interacts in the digital world on your behalf without
requiring constant oversight. It opens numerous new possibilities for online experiences to occur and
allows you to have more time to do things that matter.
Certainly there are challenges with developing AI that limit the range of PAI functionality. But as Project
PAI grows and develops a pool of users to provide data, the pace of innovation within PAI will rapidly
accelerate. As seen with other technological advances that rely on the growth of user populations and
data, improvements of PAI will scale rapidly as users increase their frequency of engagement [10].
To the average consumer, PAI may seem like a magical phenomenon. Yet the foundation of PAI and its
success relies on the support of a community that actively contributes to the improvement and training of
PAI. Contributions stem from simply maintaining a lifestyle of everyday activities such as online messaging
or gaming.
Project PAI will launch a new blockchain protocol that will create this reality and will be the catalyst for
delivering personal avatars to the world. We believe that every person in the world will have their own PAI
and be able to create and manage it in any way they so choose. The next AI economy will be powered by
PAI for everyday interactions, and Project PAI will be the spark that helps this future community thrive.

This presentation is for informational purposes only. Neither this presentation, nor anything in this presentation, shall be considered a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any
security, future, option or other financial instrument or to offer or provide any investment advice or service to any person in any jurisdiction. As such, it may not be relied upon in
connection with any offer or sale of securities.
Nothing contained in this presentation constitutes investment advice or offers any opinion with respect to the suitability of any security, and the views expressed in this
presentation should not be taken as advice to buy, sell or hold any security.
Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future performance. Any projections, market outlooks or estimates in this presentation are forward looking statements and are
based upon certain assumptions and should not be construed to be indicative of the actual events which will occur. All material is compiled from sources believed to be reliable,
but accuracy cannot be guaranteed.
This material may not be distributed to persons other than the intended recipients. Reproduction or distribution of all or any of this material is strictly prohibited.

29

REFERENCES
[1]

Turing, A. M. Computing Machinery and Intelligence. Mind 49: 433-460, 1950.

[2]

Lanier, Jaron. Who Owns The Future?. Simon and Schuster, p. 245, 2014.

[3]

Rosenthal, Edward H. The Right of Publicity. American Bar Association.
Intellectual Property Literature, p. 1, August 2014.

[4]

Jain, Nikhil. “PAI.” ObEN Inc, 2017, https://jain.ai/.

[5]

Boneh, Dan, and Xavier Boyen. “Secure identity based encryption without
random oracles.”Advances in Cryptology — CRYPTO 2004. Vol. 3152. 2004,
https://eprint.iacr.org/2004/173.pdf.

[6]

Google. “Google Cloud Vision API.” Google, 18 May 2017, https://cloud.google.
com/vision.

[7]

Woo, Willy. “Using Google Trends to Estimate Bitcoin’s User Growth.” Coindesk,
12 March 2014, https://www.coindesk.com/using-google-trends-estimatebitcoins-user-growth/

[8]

Southurst, Jon. “It’s still too hard to get your first Bitcoin.” The Daily Dot, 24 April
2015, https://www.dailydot.com/via/bitcoin-cryptocurrency-adoption-hard/.

[9]

Saunders, Philip, and Yonatan Ben Shimon. Israel. “Matchpool.” Matchpool,
Whitepaper, p. 2, 14 Jan 2017, https://matchpool.co/.

[10]

Merkle, Ralph C. Protocols for public key cryptosystems. 1980 Symposium on
Security and Privacy, April 14, 1980, Oakland, CA, IEEE Computer Society, p. 122,
April 1980.

30

