1. Abstract
We as Project Coin community offer a new
service to the participants in the cryptosphere.
With our project, we aim to simplify the
development of new cryptocurrencies.
We provide our clients with the appropriate
source code they need to develop their own
coins.
We introduce our own coin PRJ, that makes use
of the most advanced technology to gain the
trust and loyalty of our currency users. We only
accept compensation from our own PRJ
currency.

2. What are we offering
2.1. Context
The flaws and dishonesty of the mainstream financial sector which is vastly controlled
by society’s elite and their political cronies, laid down the basis for the creation of
cryptocurrency that promised to get money and finance back at the service of the many
instead of benefitting the very few.
The backbone of the cryptocurrency, the blockchain technology, is an inherent GameChanger. It can be applied not only to make digital coins, but also in various areas of
network applications that can reinvent the way we perceive our financial transactions.
The benefits of this newborn technology are invaluable. It promises to democratize the
financial sector that has been kidnapped by the elite who used it for their own benefits at
the cost to the masses. The blockchain technology is the creative disruptive force in the
financial sector. This technology was invented as a backlash against the excessive
centralization of finance and the breach of privacy by the big multi-national corporations.
However, this nouvelle technology is in its infancy and there are many challenges that
need to be addressed. Think for example about the proof of work (PoW) and mining. It
turns out that this method of mining is rather having a perverse effect. Contradicting the
very philosophy that underpins cryptocurrency concept which is power decentralization
over the citizens’ finance, in other words more democratization of the financial sector.

PoW requires heavy investment in hardware, which means only the have's can reap the
benefits of mining. This is indeed a contradiction.
However, developers realized the problems these flaws were causing and introduced
new protocols and methods to counteract these imbalances. For example, to address the
issues arising from PoW, developers produced a new protocol that altered mining, called
Proof of Stake (PoS). We, as the Project Coin community, anticipate the continued fast
pace of this evolution and we offer the participants in this market a simplified avenue to
take advantage of these protocols.
We understand that the strength of this market is embedded in its diversity. As the
applications of the blockchain technology are countless, we see a rising demand for this
technology while it is also in constant evolution which also obliges the existing coins
and other applications to catch up with the technological innovations. In the meanwhile
there are many men and women who have innovative ideas but lack the technical
expertise to put their ideas into practice.
We are here to help you to reap the benefits of this technology. If you have an idea for a
currency but don’t have the technical expertise, this will no longer pose a problem. you
will have everything you need to make your currency real by providing you with all the
source codes you need to do so.
To compliment the above mentioned services, we have developed a high-performance
cryptocurrency, aptly called ProjectCoin (PRJ). Payments for our services will only be
accepted by PRJ Coin, enabling you to benefit from our services with the knowledge we
take meticulous care about the quality and reputation of our currency and community.
We acknowledge that we must go the extra mile to ensure we gain your trust and achieve
your loyalty to us and our projects. Below we give more details about us, our currency
and our project, we hope to welcome you aboard to enjoy our coin and services.

2.2. Our Philosophy
Since time began human beings have used their creativity to invent new tools and
technologies to enrich their lives. Technology has increasingly enabled better living
standards. Money was such an invention that made goods exchange much more
efficiently. However, technology and inventions have been taken hostage by elites of
society to serve their own goals, as has occurred to the current monetary system by the
central bankers. The current technology that underpins the cryptocurrency, i.e., the
blockchain, is the new creative disruption tool that promises to revolutionize the way we
do finance. Blockchain technology will democratize finance and make it more equitable.
We believe sincerely in these objectives and absolutely committed to these principles.

3. What we offer
We, as the community of Project Coin are
aware of the challenges associated with
cryptocurrencies. Our team has in-depth
knowledge, expertise & experience in the
technology
that
underpins
the
blockchain. We constantly track the
trends in this market and are up to date
on every new concept and protocol in
this alternative sphere We aim to offer
you the best technological solutions to
any issues that you may encounter when
introducing your coin. Hence, we offer
you a variety of source codes that you
will need to improve your coins chances
of success.

3.1. Multipool Mining, Challenges and Solutions
One of the big challenges that coin developers are dealing with is multipool mining
where miners switch between various coins seeking more profits. If the rewards for
mining blocks for your coins exceed the hashing difficulty, you’ll find miners flocking
towards your network which will accelerate the mining capacity of your coins which will
shorten the confirmation time of your coins. However, an opposite scenario will result in
a slower confirmation and inflation, as when miners switch away from your coins.
multipool mining may not, as such be a bad thing but can result in instable currency with
chaotic swings in price. Developers work extensively on finding ways to tackle these
challenges.
One of the innovations in this context was the invention of block difficulty readjustment
algorithm. As the name says, the difficulty of hashing adjusts automatically to maintain
the stability of the coin. One of the most innovative algorithm that is now used is called
Dark Gravity Wave 3 algorithm. Before this innovation, Kimoto Gravity Wall was popular,
which used information from previous blocks to re-adjust difficulty for the next. Dark
Gravity Wave 3 is inspired by the previous algorithm but uses more sophisticated
algorithms to solve problems that arose with Kimoto Gravity Wall.

DGW uses multiple exponential moving averages and a simple moving average to
achieve the smoother difficulty re-targeting mechanism. Coins that use DGW are more
immune to multipool mining as it re-adjusts difficulty with each block. DGW block time
becomes more consistent and can be used to accelerate transactions.

3.2. Pre-mining allocation
It is worth to mention that we opt for Proof
of stake instead of Proof of Work for our
currency. However, in the pre-mining
phase we will use this protocol and then
switch to the proof of stake permanently.
Given that the project has enormous startup expenses, it is essential for developers
to pre-mine a proportion as they work on
the development of the coin. We therefore
use the following scheme:

3.3. Proof of Work vs Proof of Stake
As has been discussed, the cryptocurrency is in its infancy and is witnessing an
exponential evolution. Proof of Work (PoW) has many flaws and turns to contradict with
the principles of the cryptocurrency project. Miners need to invest heavily in computing
power, resulting in a Matheus effect. Those who have the means will earn more as they
can bear the high costs of computing. This is particularly undemocratic and threatens to
transform the cryptocurrencies to be at the mercy of the very few who have the means to
mine.
As a solution to that problem, developers came up with a new protocol, which is called
“Proof of Stake” (PoS). With PoS, miners are replaced by masternodes. Masternodes are
networknodes that keep the network running. Masternodes don’t need to be computers
with unique properties, they only need to have a computer running 24/7. In order to reap
the benefits, you need to have stakes in the currency. Unfortunately again, Matheuseffect remains stubborn. In other words, people with more means are the ones who
benefit more from the rewards. But nonetheless, research shows that PoS is more
equitable than PoW. There remains also the problem of governance. As the system gives
the validators with higher stakes more say on important decisions, the risk remains that
powerful validators may control the currency and deteriorate the governance system.

3.4. Tiered Masternodes 3 Levels
As the Project Coin Communityy we are aware of these challenges. We care more about
decentralized governance and more equity. We therefore opt for a provable system that
can tackle these issues. Hence we make use of three level tiered masternodes. We aim
towards decentralizing decision making and also to give people with less means the
opportunity to participate in decision-making and benefit from the profits of our coins.

3.5. Shared Masternode
As we care about a wide participation in our coin and equity, we further facilitate shared
masternode services so that investors with less means can pool together an benefit from
the rewards as network validators. We target a more durable stakeholdership and hence
a more stable coin.

3.6. Coin Stability and Inflation Targeting
Measures
One more reason that we opt for the PoS is that it allows for the possibility to control
inflation. You wonder how that is possible without a ‘central bank’? Indeed, a
cryptocurrency is a decentralized monetary system and can’t be managed by any entity
such as a ‘central bank’.
But with the masternodes, the stakes requirements change automatically as a function of
an increase or a decrease of the currency supply. Add to that the fact that a value
depreciation of a cryprocurrency occurs when there is a an oversupply of the currency,
in other words, when the sell-off exceeds the demand.
With 3 level tiered Master-nodes this problem is contained to a certain degree as it gives
extra incentives to a broader range of investors to hold stable stakes in the currency.
This is because compensating the stake-holder takes time factor into consideration, that
said, the longer you hold a stake the higher the compensation.
The 3 levels of tiered masternodes attract a wider pool of investors to hold stakes in the
currency for longer time spans, meaning that more investors, whether with small or
bigger stakes will have incentives to invest durably in the coin.
This is also why we encourage our investors to make use of shared masternode
services.
Our coin is run by PoS protocol and with 3 levels of tiered masternodes.
Are you a new entrant and want to opt for such an instrument, we are here to provide you
with tailor-made source codes to make your project succeed.

3.7. Start of Project & Choosing the Right
Exchange Service
Shortly after launching our currency, we will
kick start our services and begin dealing with
your requests for source codes. In that period
we will first take care that our coin is stable
and meets all the criteria which we highly
value. Each project that we receive will be put
under intensive scrutinity to scan for scam
coins. We as responsible developers care
about the reputation of this cryptosphere to
not be spoiled by scam coins and deceptive
schemes. We will therefore scrutinize all the
roadmaps, whitepapers and development
team’s histories to filter the projects that fulfill
honesty criteria.
We will research to find the best exchange services that just fits best with our coin.
Crypto-Bridge and Graviex are our first live exchanges, with coins now available. We
hope to engage with other exchanges that can offer us a high quality service for an extra
stable coin.

4. Conclusion
As a team of experts in blockchain technology, we offer our clients an invaluable service
that will enable them to start their blockchain projects with more ease. We offer source
codes for different cryptocurrency protocols which will simplify blockchain technology
for the entrepenuers with great ideas but who lack the technical expertise to make their
ideas a reality. We have developed our currency for compensating us for our services
and rewarding our investors. Our currency is based on the most recent technologies in
the cryptosphere and our team highly values the principles of equity, decentralized
governance and democratic participation. We therefore opt for Proof of Stake protocol
with 3 level tiered masternodes to attain the goals we believe in.

