All Connected,
Media Content Protocol
for Multilayered Monetization
WHITEPAPER
version 1.4

Table of Contents
Preface

4

Abstract

11

Background of PUBLYTO

11

Vision of PUBLYTO

14

PUBLYTO's Strategy

17

Multi-layered Source of Revenue

17

Introducing Blockchain

20

Balance of Power

20

Innovation of Rules

21

Limit of Traditional Incentives

22

Strategy to Support Individual’s Profit Making – Plug-in

23

Market Status of Social Comment Plug-in

23

Market Competitiveness of PUBLYTO Plug-in

25

Contents Reward Plug-in

26

Comment Reward Plug-in

29

Advertisement Holding Plug-in

30

Fund Holding Plug-in

31

PUBLYTO’s Architecture

32

PUBLYTO Blockchain

33

We Don't Build Blockchain

33

Choosing EOS Blockchain

34

Ways to Secure EOS Resources

35

PUBLYTO Contents Portal

37

PUBLYTO Test Bed Envicase

46

PUBLYTO External dApps

50

1

PUBLYTO Token Ecosystem

58

Deposit System and Penalty

58

Reward System

59

Reward Ratio

59

Contents Reward

63

Comment Reward

65

Holding Advertisements

65

Holding Fund

65

Inflation

66

Building Inflation Policy

66

Relationship between Reward Pool & Decay Rates

66

Token Flow

68

List of Major Interested Parties (Stakeholder List)

68

Scenario

69

Reputation System

71

Account

72

Whitelist

72

Individuals and Organizations

72

EOS Mainnet Strategy

74

PUBLYTO’s Goal

76

Targeted Market

76

Targeted Penetration Rate

79

PUBLYTO Development Plan

82

Patent Application Plan

85

Roadmap

86

TOKEN LAUNCH

87

Issue Information

87

PUBLYTO Tokens Distribution & Use

87

Tokens Distribution Chart

89

2

Team

91

Advisors & Early Investors

93

Partners & Alliances

96

Conclusion

112

DISCLAIMER

114

SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS & LINKS

117

GLOSSARY

118

3

Preface
First, we highly appreciate your great interest in PUBLYTO. This whitepaper was
written to provide a better description of PUBLYTO projects. Below is the list of
order made to help you understand systematically.
I. Summary
II. Abstract/Strategy
III. Architecture/Token Ecosystem
IV. Goal/Development Plan
V. Others

Part I of this paper describes the overall summary of the contents to help you
understand key points faster.
Part II describes the background of PUBLYTO as well as its vision and strategies.
You may understand why PUBLYTO is necessary and what services PUBLYTO
provides to realize distinguished values.
Part III of this paper deals with the specific technology used in PUBLYTO, which
explains the overall architecture and describes how each component plays its
roles. It also includes the token ecosystem of PUBLYTO and token related policies.
Part IV introduces the goal of PUBLYTO while clearly providing the specific
development plan where you can look at the future model of PUBLYTO
The last part of this paper includes key financial information and plans for utility
to help those who participate in PUBLYTO to build and upgrade the ecosystem.
You may assume the possibility of PUBLYTO by looking at the team and strategic
investors verified through existing businesses, and other excellent advisor groups
and partners.
This whitepaper is composed of 3-level subjects. Marking the subject level will
help you look at the overall theme of the document. As shown below, sizes and
styles of the characters distinguish the subject levels.

4

1 Level subject
2 Level Subject
3 Level Subject
Phrases expressed with the following style includes the core information of the
following contents.

This style describes the core phrases.
Please note that honorific language is not used for simplicity purpose. Please visit
the channels below for communication for any inquiries or opinions while reading
this whitepaper.
Telegram(Link)
Medium (Link)
Twitter (Link)

5

Summary
In the media content industry, many innovative blockchain based projects
emerged. It all happened recently. Start-ups, MadHive and Truth presented or
released platforms designed to promote transparency and fairness on media
advertisement contents via blockchain, and Poetet and Steem gave UGC (User
Generated Contents) the innovative economic value. In some parts, blockchainbased media companies gathered to build AdLedger consortium.

Who will be the new game changer
in the media contents industry?
Commonly, the interest of blockchain media companies are focused on
cryptocurrency rewards, open ledger, decentralization and settling their own
consensus algorithm and token economy. Various concepts and technologies
such as dApp, platform, and protocols are conjoined, and several entrepreneurs
are aligning in the one direction to the magnetic field where there is a strong
oasis called the independent cryptocurrency ecosystem. A legacy, which includes
wandering direction without receiving the benefit of new technology, exists in
places where these entrepreneurs have left to seek decentralization. It means
that there are legacy medias who couldn’t even get on board on the change
of blockchain and cryptocurrencies, which include personal blogs and social
blogs where more than 5 million posts are published, social medias, presses,
magazines, shopping malls, etc. Users who have experienced the new age called
cryptocurrencies and rewards have enlightened themselves and they are slowly
moving their places.

6

Recovering coexistence
Humans are selfish to preserve themselves, pursue pleasure, and avoid pain.
Meanwhile, humans are selfless in a way that they become interested in other’s
happiness. We frequently witness groups of chimpanzees who trim their hair.
Also, there is a common phenomenon. When a chimpanzee asks for food, the
other chimpanzee shares the food it was eating. There is a correlation between
these two. If A trims B’s hair first, it is more likely that B would share its food with A.
On the other hand, if B asks A for food even though A trims B’s hair, A will refuse.
It means ‘they are willing to help others only if the others have helped them’.
Likewise, so called ‘free riding (selfish act that one only receives without sharing)’
species will face difficulties in surviving. This truth is commonly used in all social
relationships such as between people, people and groups, and groups with other
groups. Impatient legacy medias in a rush, social media companies who can’t get
away with their greed for a monopoly on profits, and users who turned away from
them. What are ways to recover the coexistence while maintaining the relationship
without all of them having to engineer the closed cryptocurrency reward system,
discard the legacy, or being against their greed for money?

Yes! Plug-in!
Let’s connect with PUBLYTO plug-in which allows cross-media, fair and unified
rules, easy installation, and recovery of legacy. With different technologies, UI,
and systems among media platforms, we can build the unified standard while
connecting the line of content distribution.
Building a dApp has a high technical barrier for regular users who want to
introduce the cryptocurrency reward system. Meanwhile, companies with long
history must bear quite a lot of opportunity cost. Without smart contracts,
consensus algorithm, main nets and other complicated tasks, if we copy and
paste the embed link or scripts, the procedure to install plug-in will be as easy as
inserting an USB driver to a laptop.

7

Multilayered Source of Revenue
Reward pool is partly assigned during token distribution, or it is secured as the
increment issued by annually inflating 1 to 10% from the total token issued
amount. Since we cannot guarantee that all token values will accelerate and
lead to the bear market, if the token value does not meet the increasing speed
of users, a reward system may lose the core function to reward fairly. Bars make
more money from selling food than alcohol. On top of content rewards provided
to publishers, curators, and commenters, PUBLYTO secures additional profit
pool to provide opportunities to hold advertisements and funding. If one wants
to add more traffic to contents, one may ‘Buy’ plug-in advertisement accounts
installed in the popular contents through real-time bidding system by using
PUBLYTO tokens. On the other hand, because other publishers become the owner
of medias who hold advertisements, they take the most portion of selling profit
from advertisement accounts. Unlike the reward pool which occupies a portion
of the total token issued, the total token issued becomes the profit pool, thus
correspondingly leading to more and larger transactions. This definitely is an
advantage when compared to other tokens that depend on reward pools in terms
of its size and consistency when building a stable economy. The ecosystem of
PUBLYTO is far beyond the regular benefit called contents and comment rewards.
Rather, it is a fertile land of opportunity where content creators can actively make
sales as owners of media.

Wave-type Profit

Proactive Profit

Hold
Fund

Contents
Reward
Me-Media Owner

[Figure 1] Chance to create proactive personal profits

8

User to User
Ad profit

Accelerators of PUBLYTO,
Chosen by influencers from 137 countries, Envicase
Until the vision of PUBLYTO was defined, Envicase has put its best to have
shoppers or influencers who lead the media content market flow into the user
layer. Envicase is a community where shoppers boast pictures of items they owe
and share reviews. It was first launched in the US market and expanded to the
European market. Currently, it has stable user bases in 137 countries over the
world. For it is a community where active and unique publishers from fashion,
beauty, and living fields gather, it will be the major engine to lead the token
economy as the dApp of PUBLYTO network.

How far should we go?
PUBLYTO users can easily install plug-in at any UGC (User Generated Content)
types such as personal blogs, social blogs, and communities. Furthermore, they
can hold rewards and funds. Users can even create profits through User to User
based advertisement transaction. If plug-ins like Tumblr, WordPress, etc. are
applied by users, each individual media is instantly tied into a relationship between
PUBLYTO and dApp. The destination that PUBLYTO is heading is not the UGC
market but is the corporate media content market. Companies can secure a new
source of profits with PUBLYTO plug-in rules through PUBLYTO smart contract
and API for companies. Furthermore, social media companies are applicable for
obligation rules so that editors and journalists working for companies can have
source of additional income other than regular benefits. In this sense, it is not
too much to emphasize the vision of PUBLYTO which aims to become the legal
international standard (ISO) of the entire media content market as the blockchain
based personal profit making network and to publicly be certified as the practical
standard currency of the media content market.

9

Blog

Social Blog

Social
Media

ETC.

GIF
Platform

Press

Video
Platform

Consumer
Magazine

[Figure 2] Content Aggregators Relationship with PUBLYTO

10

Abstract
Background of PUBLYTO
Facebook and Twitter, BlogSpot and WordPress, Instagram and Snapchat, Medium
and Tumblr, and YouTube and Twitch are banning simultaneous sending and
showing strong antipathy in terms of the business. Users consistently pursue
cross platform. However, they are scattered in the end, and they are only settled
on channels where traffics are verified or lose their motivation. Uncompetitive
platforms lose their power and efforts and devotion of users vanish. 43% of
existing publishers have already left while discarding contents that they had
published.1

The Issue of Amensalism
Amensalism refers to a relationship in which one is either suppressed or dies but
the other is not harmed. One side is not influenced at all. But, the other side is
either damaged or dies. The subject for the media is the public. The public obtains
information and relationships from the environment that the media provides.
When there are no alternatives other than traditional top 5 medias, the stance of
most users was fixed as the information recipient. Therefore, no special criticisms
were raised for the media company having monopoly over advertisement
revenues. However, since the emergence of the great storm called ‘Social’, the
public has become the information provider and the media has become the
information recipient. Then, what should media services do in this reverse trend?
Though more users are signed, and enormous profits are made from contents
published by users and advertisements, most of the advertisement profits are
taken by them as well. The public and the user want different things. They have
enlightened themselves and raised their voices to tackle the issue of amensalism.

1 Statista, “ Types of media most often included in a typical blog post according to global bloggers as of 2017
” DEC 31, 2017 https://www.statista.com/statistics/314523/blogging-media-content/

11

Profit Monopoly Player Faking a Gate-keeper
The number of media content information is geometrically increasing. 2.5
quintillion bytes of data, in short, 90% of all media contents have been produced
over the past 2 years, which proves that content publishing has settled into a
daily act of communication by the modern people. However, despite providing
multibillion dollars of financial value to media companies, these companies still
do not regard content publishers as the subject for profit distribution. Rather, it
is difficult to regard them as the subject. In the profit or loss of a corporation that
reflects the rewarded amount into the cost of sales, fixed reward system is an
exclusive factor that drastically reduce the profitability. It is practically impossible
to change or give up the existing profit model of medias which monopolize profits
from traffic where millions of users and billions of data are connected with media
companies as the intermediary. Even small trials can result in an astronomical
loss and breakaway of users. For example, YouTube, which is thought to have
the most progressive reward system, has taken a conservative measure to control
the reward rule. YouTube announced a policy that channels under 10,000 views
were not eligible for rewards regardless of advertisements after April, 6th, 2017.
Since then, lesser-known publishers, whose major source of income was from
advertisements, have left YouTube.
People also criticize the prohibition of Shadow Play which either randomly
decreases the estimated profit or blocks simultaneous sending. Among publishers
who post to create personal income in the media content market, especially in
the UGC field, less than 0.1% of them make profits from media company’s direct
support or working as affiliate advertisement models. Their monthly average
advertisement income is less than $3. It is frustrating to say whether such
behavior is right or wrong due since it is an issue with the business’s structure.
However, it is clearly unbalanced and unfair.

12

Limits of Existing Blockchain Based Media
Blockchain based media services transparently publishes the distribution
of rewards through open ledgers and cryptocurrencies. Moreover, they are
attempting to have information providers and recipients coexist without media
services interrupting them and helping to distribute rewards depending on
the degree of contribution. They have built new paradigms while changing the
master-servant user experience relationship to the autonomous experiences. An
advanced strategy aims to expand own token economy as platforms and external
dApps harmonize like Steem’s SMT and Appics. This strategy is also evaluated
that it would give a general impact to the media content industry. However, the
concept of ‘Reward’ is rather wave-type in nature and has a smaller pool (Reward
Pool) than the users expect. Token economy that heavily relies on rewards will
have users stay as a ‘worker’ in this hierarchy, and the reward pool is limited to the
increment which inflates from 1 to 10% from the annual token issued amount, not
the total token amount issued. Meanwhile, reward pool proportionally is expanded
when the token value increases. Ironically, stable reward pool is required for the
token value to increase on the other hand.

13

Vision of PUBLYTO
Core Value
Publication + Crypto = PUBLYTO
The word PUBLYTO is a combination of Publication and Crypto. Coexistence
of five elements, which compresses the aspects of all things in the universe
with 5 things, is the core value. The drawing below describes how nature
coexists through the coexistence of five elements. Wood becomes fuel for a
bigger fire. Fire becomes part of the soil once they are burnt. Soil becomes
iron under the ground. Iron contains water, and water nurtures wood.

Wood

Wood

Water

Fire

Water

Fire

Mutualism

Metal

Metal

Earth

[Figure 3] Mutualism/Creation/Generation Cycle

Earth

[Figure 4] Mutual aversion/Control/
Destruction Cycle

14

Nature moves to maintain the balance and coexistence in nature.
Meanwhile, under the freedom of choices, humans often have unique
opportunities to either stay balanced with the nature or break the balance.
This is the special coexistence between the nature and humans. If we
voluntarily choose to stay balanced with the nature, we will reach the new
practical existence, experiencing the full completeness in the nature. This
defines the compliance to the principle of the nature called mutual benefits
and consideration. The core value of PUBLYTO follows the claim made by
professor Eugene P. Odum, who is known as the father of the ecology.

Cooperation for mutual benefit, a survival
strategy very common in natural systems,
is one that humanity needs to emulate.
Vision
To be the effective and legal (ISO) international standard of the entire media
content market as the blockchain based personal profit generating network

(e.g.

Adobe PDF ISO 32000-1)

In the media content market, there are 100 million independent type blogs, 500
million social blog accounts, and 2.5 billion social media accounts. There are
also billions of personal/organizational contents within it. Among the 4 billion
of internet using population, more than 80% of them are directly connected to
the media content market. PUBLYTO wants to connect the line (network) that
penetrates the overall media content market, plant the tree (plug-in), and create
the self-reliance ecosystem where things coexist like trees in the Amazon that
pour rains by themselves through transpiration.

15

[Figure 5] PUBLYTO Media Connected Ecosystem

16

PUBLYTO’s Strategy
Multilayered Source of Revenue
The reward pool of blockchain media are staying in the very initial stage of the
currency economy, where tokens are assigned during the initial distribution stage
or supplementing with the newly issued resources from token inflation policies.
As emphasized before, the token economy can be extended along with various
demands only if it becomes sizable enough to contain the value economy, practical
economy and even the credit economy.

Other block chain media:
Content reward

PUBLYTO:
Ad profit + Reward + Content reward

[Figure 6] A figure to compare the size of profit pool

We cannot be optimistic with the future value of tokens and services by simply
extending the size of profit pools because the core variable of token economy is
the tokenomic circulation. In order not to limit profit activities to ‘making’, contents
need to have more value as they circulate the distribution system. Furthermore,
if the economic value is formed with PUBLYTO token being the intermediary, the
reach of the network value chain is expanded, and the information’s richness
accelerates.
PUBLYTO connects pipe-lines for advertising with interfaces of PUBLYTO plugin installed throughout the media content market. Hence, content creators
execute the part of content reward that they had already secured to directly buy
the advertisement account set in other’s plug-in so that the reach rate of their
contents can be enhanced. More exposure opportunity means the chance for
17

additional reward. Furthermore, individuals can also sell their advertisement
accounts to others to make ad profits. If content creation and profitability of
distribution are compatible, token values will increase naturally. On the other
hand, we can optimize the utility of distribution profitability and content creation if
token values increase.

18

Initial tokens issued + inflation

Content reward
pool

Content creating reward

Content creator
(Selling/buying ad account)
Provides additional content exposure –
Increase of content reward

Execute and
hold ads

Execute and
hold ads

Provides additional content exposure –
Increase of content reward

Content creator
(Selling/buying ad account)

Content creating reward

Content reward
pool

Initial tokens issued + inflation

Advertisement profit
pool
Total tokens issued

[Figure 7] The size of PUBLYTO ad profit pool and its economy cycle

19

Introducing Blockchain
Numerous blockchain projects either focuses on the decentralized technology
of blockchain or free ride on the blind future values as the mega trend.
Decentralization technology could be required for the human world only if people
become certain of economical and emotional continuing values that many
interested parties will make in the entry market field and when the community
shares realistically common thoughts. Blockchain, is it a technology for capital
funding and reckless investment? Is there a continual value in the vision that it
aims to achieve? What is continual value?

Balance of Power
Decentralization, in other word, means ‘autonomous ecosystem’.
Decentralization has strengths in uncorrupt characteristics and service fields
that conflict with various controls, regulations, and laws. The core value
of coexistence embedded in the soul of PUBLYTO describes its eagerness
to establish the economic democracy and autonomous ecosystem of the
entire media content markets. Monopoly, tyranny, and fraud come from
the unbalanced power. PUBLYTO aims to prove the idea in reality where all
objects in the blockchain media content ecosystem have balanced power
and realize the democratic capitalism. Blockchain based individual profitmaking plug-in is released to the entire market so that we can take the
lead in unfolding content rewards, let alone the advertisement revenue and
funding profit activities. Moreover, it adapts the widget builder installation
method, which can be used in heavily fragmented media contents and
browser types and specifies the interface.

20

Central

Decentral

[Figure 8] Central versus Decentral

Innovation of Regulations
Blockchain is a decentralization technology required when we innovate the
visible economic servant-master relationship in traditional media content
markets and change the market into the coexistence relationship that has
distributed authorities. Users are not the object for the reward but are oneperson entrepreneurs who increase revenues from their media. The status
of users should be elevated from the service object to the business owner.
Unstandardized regulations were the problems despite many attempts until
now when we only need one person for creating contents. We need changes
in physical environment and regulations to change the owner of medias.
Protocols operating on PUBLYTO blockchain has smart contract, which
allows regular users to experience being the owner of regulations. In other
words, users can be the nodes with decision rights. This also means that
they can escape from control and tyranny from those who have regulations.
Moreover, it can recover the original value called copyright while expecting
transparency in sharing and distributing. Control power made in traditional
medias disappear, and the door to liberate from capitals, cost, formats,
types, and organization control limiting the content creation will be open.

21

<Table 1> Isaiah Berlin’s concept of liberty

Passive liberty
(Liberalism)

Definition of liberty

Undominated liberty
Active liberty
(Republicanism) (Communitarianism)

Absence of
interruption

Absence of
dominance

Performance of civil
activities

Limits of Traditional Incentives
PUBLYTO has a noble duty that it will settle the individual profit-making in the
enormous and entire media content ecosystem. However, choosing traditional
incentive methods such as points and credits would be no different from the
structure of centralized stock companies. Points are ‘allowances’, which are
recognized as liabilities in accounting. Prospective use of points is limited due to
issues such as decrease of stock price and liquidity. Even in affiliated fee-based
reward models such as CPC/CPM/CPA adopted in the overall existing digital
content industry, advertisement clients with capital power and gatekeepers
control the reward standard. Intermediary solution provider takes a larger fee and
the secondary fee is shared by users and service providers (ad account providers).
These companies will also provide an extremely small portion of rewards to users
for their sales profit. In worse cases, these providers take the entire portion of fee
profits. As a result, because stock company-based models or traditional incentive
providing methods can severely harm the profit rate because rewards are included
in the cost of sales. Therefore, it is almost impossible to secure the ‘reward pool’
which can cover the entire media content market. Decentralization is inevitable.

Reward

Advertisement client of platform business owner

Intermediary solution companies

Service providing companies

[Figure 9]Customary individual profit-making procedures of personal contents

22

User

Strategy to Support Individual’s Profit Making –
Plug-in
PUBLYTO connects plug-ins to the entire media content market to stay away
from the paradoxical business model which closes the convenience of opentype blockchain in their closed company service. PUBLYTO plug-in provides
significantly free interface such as embedded link, script, and hyperlinks so that
users are obstructed to content types.
We first look at the market competitiveness for the strategy of PUBLYTO plugin and it will be followed by specific description on the content reward plug-in,
comment reward plug-in, advertisement holding plug-in, and funding holding
plug-in. Lastly, we predict the growth potentiality of the plug-in model.

Market Status of Social Comment Plug-in

2

For social comment services, centered by Disqus, the leading company, there
are LiveFyre, IntenseDebates, Echo, CoComment, Tangler, etc. Especially, the
growth of Disqus was so incredible that the number of monthly users reached
approximately 2 billion in 10 years since the start of the business. On March 1st,
2011, Facebook also announced Facebook comment plug-in that normal users
can use. Following this trend, websites such as TechCrunch which is the major
client of Disqus, GigaOm, and The Daily Beast changed their comment services to
Facebook. Despite the announcement of comment plug-in by Facebook, Disqus,
the leader of the industry, had grown even further. It is similar to FourSquare
which added 4.5 million more users to the existing 3 million users when Facebook
announced Places, a similar service to FourSquare in 2010. On May 13th, 2018,
approximately 800,000 websites all over the world are using social comment plugins, and 98% of the number is dominated by Disqus and Facebook’s comment
system.

2 Datanyze, “Market-share comment-systems” May 14, 2018
https://www.datanyze.com/market-share/comment-systems/Datanyze%20Universe/Alexa%20top%201M

23

<표 2> Social Comment Service Market Share
Source: Datanyze, 5/14 2018

Ranking

Technology

Domains

Market Share

1

Facebook
Comments

511,669

64.56%

2

Disqus

271,473

34.26%

3

IntenseDebate

3,593

0.45%

4

Livefyre

3,486

0.44%

5

Spot.IM

758

0.10%

6

Viafoura

565

0.07%

7

JS-Kit

338

0.04%

8

Vuukle

280

0.04%

9

Gigya Comments
Plugin

194

0.02%

10

Echo

52

0.01%

Source: Datanyze, May 14, 2018

24

Market Competitiveness of PUBLYTO Plug-in
Can the existing comment plug-in service market and PUBLYTO plug-in coexist?
Why did Steem show up when there were traditional social media platforms like
Facebook or Twitter? Disqus recently started a project to support individual
profit-making. In the project, companies post their ads to comment plug-ins
and share profit shares with users. However, they seem to be reluctant to use
the blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies. Rather, in the technological
perspective only, it claims that blockchain is regressive in a sense that it delays all
sections by 10 minutes each. Facebook plug-in is limited for the purpose of user
influx, information collection, and increasing traffic. Furthermore, strategies to
generate individual profits are concentrated on applications and websites. Unless
it replaces the entire legacy system with blockchain based ones by spending
astronomical opportunity costs, staying away from the existing profit model is
challenging.
One of the reasons PUBLYTO introduced blockchain is to experience and realize
the great cause of values called ‘coexistence’ and ‘consilience’ which scatter the
media authority through decentralization. The possibility of emergence of new
unreplaced source, and the structure of media content markets that have been
centralized until the age of Internet will regress and achieve immutability and
continuity. Authorities are scattered and profit distribution becomes transparent
and fair. Such advantages may change the organizational structure. Thus, we
may expect variability by using the characteristic called ‘collectivity of values’, not
the centralized power structure, let alone the increasing possibility of technology
fusion.
One shouldn’t worry about blockchain, token, reward, and individual profitmaking. Installing PUBLYTO plug-in easily features the content reward and
advertisement model without being hindered by media types and subjects.
Media content markets can be categorized by various markets by differentiating
the reward system depending on video/text/voice media types or content topics.
Each distinguished market can distribute different types of tokens and ways to
reward may differ. Such market specification closed in one specific market causes

25

inconvenience since one needs to experience other token ecosystem if one uses
contents in other neighboring markets. In PUBLYTO network, any types and topics
of medias and contents can be tied into one token ecosystem to solve such issue.
It can easily operate content reward and advertisement model by simply installing
plug-ins. The model is not hindered by types and topics such as video contents
like YouTube or newspaper article type text contents.
Some may claim that markets should be distinguished because creating video
contents generally require more cost than text contents, thus providing higher
rewards for creating videos. However, PUBLYTO emphasizes its dependency
on evaluations of curators who use the contents when evaluating the media
contents. Value of contents should not be evaluated by topics or media types. It
is reasonable to rely on decisions of readers who read and listen to the contents.
PUBLYTO connects all media contents into one to create a massive network. This
massive network allows us to enjoy all types and topics of contents in just one
market, the PUBLYTO token world.

Content Reward Plug-in
Content reward plug-in includes content making and curation reward. PUBLYTO
users can install and use it without being hindered by media content types and
topics. If a curator expresses the degree of sympathy with voting power, the
reward amount for contents and curation will be defined correspondingly.
For sympathy means, we often call it ‘Like’. In PUBLYTO, as shown in [Figure 9]
below, we call it ‘Thanks’. Contents published at PUBLYTO are different from
others in terms of time and effort spent on issuing contents, and the scope of
it is wide enough to cover daily stories to useful information and professional
knowledge. The idea came from the humanity encourages us to praise more and
further share reciprocal emotion in depth.

26

[Figure 10] Plug-in Standard UI

27

Curators should log-in to the network before voting.

[Figure 11] Log-in Process

28

Comment Reward Plug-in
In PUBLYTO, even one comment is treated as content and receives reward plug-in.
Similar to Twitter’s 140 tweet, if comments can be defined as organized messages
providing valuable information or experience, these also should be subject to
rewards in PUBLYTO. The below depicts the comment reward plug-in of product
reviews from commerce services.

[Figure 12] Comment Reward Plug-in Standard UI

29

Advertisement Holding Plug-in
Content creators can hold advertisements by using ad profit plug-in. Because
posts published at PUBLYTO are used as advertisement materials, it can maintain
consistent and refreshing UI like native advertisements. The below depicts the
advertisement profit plug-in applied in newspaper articles.

Contents before pressing 'Promote'(For Admin)

Contents after pressing 'Promote'(For Admin)

[Figure 13] Advertisement Application Routes and Deal Screen UI

30

Fund Holding Plug-in
Content creators can have profit activities from funding as well as advertisements.
The below describes the example for collecting funds for video content creators.
One can immediately check the list of supporters. Collecting funds confirm the
identity of PUBLYTO and strengthens the bond among members, contributing to
expanding the ecosystem of PUBLYTO.

GIVE MONTHLY

GIVE ONCE

Top Cheerers in Leaderboard

[Figure 14] Cheering Routes and Amount Setting Screen UI / Cheerer List

31

PUBLYTO Architecture
As described in the figure below, the architecture of PUBLYTO is composed of a
total of 4 layers. PUBLYTO blockchain is located on the basis to provide distributed
open ledgers and the environment to execute smart contracts, a promise to
PUBLYTO ecosystem. All logics for trust maintenance exists in smart contract.
Read-only API for searching content lists and API for writing to generate individual
profits go on top of it. Read-only API can be directly accessed by dApp. However,
writing-only API cannot. Writing enforces them to use provided plug-in UI to
prevent overuse and misuse of writing data.
Content portals call all contents within PUBLYTO and guide so that individual
profit-making plug-ins can be used. Likewise, these portals provide the
marketplace for advertisement trading. DApps that want all media content
services can easily bring various plug-ins from content portals and they are settled
as one of the components in PUBLYTO network. Let’s start from the bottom to the
top of the following phrases to examine each component.

[Figure 15] PUBLYTO Architecture Diagram

32

PUBLYTO Blockchain
We Don't Own Blockchain
PUBLYTO does not build its own blockchain, rather it uses a mature blockchain
system. Can we secure enough nodes to maintain a decentralized ecosystem?
There are some realistic concerns whether we can solely concentrate on the
service to succeed.
Most blockchains are open in sources and because they encourage many people
to partake in development by opening their sources, it is more likely that they
would discover and resolve issues and bugs. These open sources can be utilized
as they are as long as they suit our goals. If needed, sources could be added
or edited. Using open sources, anyone can implement blockchains. However,
what decides the success of a blockchain does not depend on how well a person
constructs the chain, but rather depend on how many people participate in the
ecosystem. Nothing is complete unless you put it in final shape. No matter how
well constructed a blockchain is, if there are not sufficient nodes to implement the
chain, the blockchain world is nothing.
PUBLYTO uses a blockchain which can secure sufficient nodes, finding a clue to
solve issues. It’s similar to the idea when we purchase licenses without having
to implement necessary database by ourselves when building web-services. It’s
not too much to say that paying usage fee for a blockchain with sufficient nodes
is much more economical than putting lots of cost to encourage many nodes to
participate.
Commonly, in many blockchain cases, ones which showed their will to build their
own blockchains put their concentration entirely on the blockchain. They put a
significant of efforts and time out of their budget to build blockchains, doing their
utmost effort to construct stern ecosystem. However, we should never forget
that the service made on top of the blockchain is the essence of it, rather than the
blockchain itself.
With enormous amounts of capital being invested, choosing blockchain ecosystem
platforms could maybe an obvious choice. If we concentrate on the service in
PUBLYTO rather than wasting limited resources in building and operating own
33

blockchains, we can provide better service quality to users, as well as faster
development. But, we should devise a minimum of technical and policy measures
so that we can build and operate our own chain ecosystem in cases when the
stability of chain we use collapses.

Choosing EOS Blockchain
In principle, PUBLYTO is not building their own blockchain and uses a blockchain
system with a mature ecosystem. Because PUBLYTO blockchain records daily
activities, transaction fees should be none or extremely small, and transaction
speed must be fast enough to operate stable services of PUBLYTO plug-in.
PUBLYTO primarily uses EOS blockchain, a smart contract-based chain. If we
find grave security issues with EOS, Ethereum, Tron, or Neo are other available
choices. Below are the reasons PUBLYTO chose EOS as the primary option.
All blockchains need means to solve issues with malicious users wasting the
volume with useless transactions. Useless transactions should not prevent
significant transactions to be performed. A realistic measure is to impose proper
fees for writing works within the blockchain data. In PUBLYTO, activities including
reading other people’s contents and pressing ‘Like’ are recorded in the blockchain
to utilize as a means to measure the content reward amount. Adding transaction
fees on daily activities could raise a huge disinterest for users. Users may stop
the use of services if fees are imposed on activities that they expect to be free of
charge.
EOS stays away from collecting fees for each transaction but allocates resources
enough to make transactions as much as the number of EOS tokens one own.
One can benefit from the exemption of transaction fees if one owns EOS tokens
equivalent to the volume of transactions to process.

3 EOSIO, “EOS.IO Technical White Paper v2” Mar 16, 2018
https://github.com/EOSIO/Documentation/blob/master/TechnicalWhitePaper.md

34

Consensus algorithm on EOS adopts Delegated Proof of Stake (DPoS), a method
introduced by Steem and Bitshare. Block cycle is 0.5 second and can process
millions of transactions per second. We estimate that the speed of the chain is
enough for the initial PUBLYTO network to settle. However, in case of transaction
speed issues with EOS due to soaring traffic increase, side or independent chains
can be considered.

Ways to Secure EOS Resources
Largely, EOS resources consist of bandwidth, CPU, and RAM. Use of the bandwidth
and CPU resources are guaranteed in proportion to the volume of staked EOS
tokens. Meanwhile, RAM cannot be earned from staking. RAM needs to be
purchased as much as they are required and purchased RAM can be sold whenever
needed.
EOS resources will be secured through a simultaneous and multilayered method
through three large ways. First method is to secure required EOS resources by
directly purchasing EOS native tokens with fund received from PUBLYTO IFO. In
this case, we shall focus on the cost average effect through periodic purchase
whenever necessary with a macro-perspective, rather than purchasing EOS
tokens at once. Price of an EOS token changes a lot. Relying on the market price
difference requires a significant risk because finding a proper time to buy/sell is
difficult. Spending the entire capital at once would pose a negative influence on
the PUBLYTO network in case there is a large market price difference. We need
to approach carefully. Fund to purchase EOS tokens should not be regarded as a
special cost from using EOS blockchain, rather it is recommended to think it as an
alternative cost to develop/operate own blockchain. We must remind ourselves
that development and operation cost of own blockchain may require much more
capital than purchasing EOS tokens.

35

The second method is to get support from EOS block producers. Most block
producers are committing to support by selecting dApps to activate the EOS
ecosystem. It’s an opportunity to provide convenience to dApp nurturing users.
It is also an opportunity for BP to get more votes by promoting their status. In
PUBLYTO, investment from BPs will be utilized to strategically secure EOS native
tokens. It allows EOS resources to be secured while producing synergy among the
parties.
The third way for securing EOS resources is to lease bandwidth and CPU resources.
RAM cannot be leased while bandwidth and CPU can be. Lease cost, in this case,
is similar to the mining reward of Bitcoin. It’s equivalent to the idea that provides
PUBLYTO tokens through inflation, which correspond to the hardware resources
provided to process transactions.

PUBLYTO content portals call all media contents applied with PUBLYTO plug-ins.
It becomes the marketplace for all PUBLYTO related activities like sign-up/login, plug-in usage guide, advertisement transaction, content publishing, trending,
searching, profit monitoring, cryptocurrency trading, etc.

36

Calling Contents
The figure below shows the example of PUBLYTO content portal. It shows how all
published posts inserted with PUBLYTO Plug-ins are automatically called. Called
contents are registered into individual newsrooms within the PUBLYTO portal,
allowing published contents from different media platforms to be collected. For
popular contents, they also get chances to be introduced on the portal main page.

[Figure 16] Main Page of PUBLYTO Portal

37

Giving Featured Editor Permission to High Reviewers
For major communities and content portal main pages, there are featured fields
represented by Editor’s Picks, and Top thanked post. High reviewers get the
permission without PUBLYTO interrupting them. It gives a significant value in
overcoming the limits of existing blockchain medias where good contents cannot
show their potential due to power of capitals. Furthermore, for PUBLYTO high
reviewers, contents that cannot be filtered with MFA like screen captures are
delegated with Ombudsman, guiding them to be filtered naturally.

Publishing Own Contents
For publishers who do not have external media accounts in use or hope to publish
native contents in a more stable environment, PUBLYTO portal provides the
editing place where they can publish original posts by themselves. It meets regular
blog editing types such as writing, picture, video, link, and script. It also supports
multi-media editors to publish video or photo centered contents like YouTube and
Instagram. Hence, PUBLYTO constructs an omniscient network containing the
pipeline of content distribution and the publishing market.

38

[Figure 17]Blog Editor Main Screenshot
Multimedia Editor Main Screenshot

39

Re-publishing of External Social Media Posts
When logging-in to a social media from the PUBLYTO portal, you can load posts
published in the media. It loads pictures, writings, links, and other factors that
compose posts, which makes it different from the sharing function that brings only
thumbnails. API and SDK from Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, etc. are used.
When completing the post, the post automatically creates the PUBLYTO plug-in. It
re-highlights the high-quality contents left in existing social media and allows to
generate profitability.
To prevent theft, in other words, infringement of copyrights, that one generates
revenue by copying and pasting other’s post links, it requires one to log-in with
one’s own social media account, as well as the initial one-time MFA (Multi-Factor
Authentication). Posts can be loaded through social media libraries that one is
logged into. But, if the account address is registered to PUBLYTO’s whitelist, it can
conduct a validity test, allowing us to load with post links as shown in [Figure 18]
below.

40

[Figure 18] Example of Loading YouTube Posts

41

Providing Profit and Data Analytics
One can specifically monitor one’s individual profit generating experience
through ROI proof. Moreover, it provides the insight to increase loyalties by
conducting diagnosis for content campaigns with profiles of subscribers. It
concentrates on discovering subscribers with curation and who are highly likely
to sponsor, forming the initial relationship, enlarging the contact points, and
others that help to provide core capabilities as content marketers. In other word,
the content campaigns ultimately analytically examine the relationship that lead
(Lead: information of subscribers who can be the direct subject for individual
profit-making) is connected to profit outcomes and help to establish effective
tactics. Moreover, it provides fragmented analytic factors to enable dimensional
monitoring such as device, region, channel, and time analysis.

[Figure 19] Screenshot of Profit Analysis Summary

42

Campaign Tool Support
It supports for certified high profiter and high reviewers. As media owners,
publishers get opportunities to communicate with other publishers, subscribers,
curators, sponsors, and advertisement client in group or individually. Below is the
list of tools.
SEO Spider Tool & Key Planner: One can search evaluation information of
keywords considered to increase the inflow and search rank.
E-mail Marketing SMIP Tool: It supports mail templates and sending system. One
can design automated follow-up designs by recipient’s activities.
Direct Messaging tool: It’s used among high profiters and high reviewers. The
purpose of this is to create mutual synergy among core users by sharing highquality information or making content partnerships, etc.

SEO Support
Many publishers probably know the importance of backlink. Search logics of
Google Bing decide the importance and relevant order of documents depending
on how frequently a certain document is referred by other documents. In the end,
websites with more backlinks have more advantages in SEO search. All media
contents called to the PUBLYTO content portal after installing plugs automatically
receive backlinks of PUBLYTO.com/Specific sequence. Additionally, they are dual
posted in communities within the content portals or featured boards, increasing
the frequency of reference. As the volume of backlinks rises, the probability that
original contents posted by the original creator will stay top on the google search
will rise. Additionally, exposure frequency of PUBLYTO plug-in will increase
proportionally.
Semantic SEO applies as well. It is a process that gives more meaning to words
used in contents. It’s not to answer simple quarry but it means to understand and
optimize the intention of users. In other word, it distinguishes the true intention by
answering the first question, followed by second, third, fourth or fifth questions.
For your reference, Doorway is a website or a page so that certain search words

43

stay on top of the order. Doorway is not useful for users since doorway presents
several similar pages on the user search result, moving to the same location when
the user clicks each result.
High content search orders shouldn’t be considered as the factor which decide
the success of SEO strategies. It’s important have transition centered approach.
It’s simple. The goal is not to simply get many links but is to increase qualities of
overall websites and contents. All tasks such as contents, meta title, description,
comment, image, video, and social postings need to be implemented with higher
quality. It matches the fundamental reason PUBLYTO network provides the
reputation system as well as individual profit-making plug-in and consensus
algorithm.

44

[Figure 20] Calling External Contents and Search Engine

45

PUBLYTO Test Bed Envicase
Envicase?
It is PUBLYTO’s first dApp and a content publishing service launched in 2015.
It’s using picture sharing social media type to secure marketability. Envicase is
collecting core influential user layers from fashion/beauty/living content writers.
Currently, it has secured members from 137 countries and the unique social reach
has expanded to 1.5 billion people.

US

EU

Asia

84% 20% 13%

Mid East, India, Africa

3%

[Figure 21] User Ratio by Continents

18-24

52%

35-44

Female
여자

25-34

8% 40%

Male
남자

88% 12%

Generation Y 92%

Female Dominance

who enjoy
using Instagram
and Snapchat
인스타그램,
스냅챗을
즐겨 사용하는
18-34

Focusing on female users leading the entire
전체 소비재콘텐츠
시장을 리딩하는 여성사용자 중심
consumable content market

[Figure 22] User Ratio by Ages and Gender

46

Market Position
Envicase is a consumable goods content focused social community where style
publishers mainly from fashion, beauty, living, art, and other lifestyle fields share
useful information and shopping experiences by using items they own and satisfy
their greed to boast. It has the sharing value of original contents harmonized with
ostentation and usefulness. The ratio of self-created contents is 93%. Envicase
will be the example model of PUBLYTO and we aim to settle it as the channel to
generate individual profit-making as well as a representative community for
thousands of style publishers who are the core engine of the consumable goods
content market. Publishers can multitask as if they are the owner, editor, and sales
manager of Vogue Magazine while growing their influence and profitability at the
same time.

[Figure 23] Screenshot of Current Version
47

[Figure 24]Screenshot of PUBLYTO Fusion Version

48

Leadership
The community is unique that publishers from fashion, beauty, living, and
culture fields with active and unique personalities gather. We expect to show the
leadership to lead the whole PUBLYTO network and the token economy. Because
it complies with the standard regulation of PUBLYTO protocol, it shall maintain its
independency as a dApp and does not have a separate advantage.

49

PUBLYTO External dApps
Below are the examples to help you understand how external media sources can
be dApps of PUBLYTO. Examples with representative nature were chosen. In the
actual environment, it can be installed to all platforms with digital media features.

Type 1 - Blog
Media Type: Blog
Method: Embedded ink, script, hyperlink, Url link

[Figure 25] Example of Blog - WordPress -

50

Type 2 - Social Blog
Media Type: Social Blog
Method: Embedded ink, script, hyperlink, Url link

[Figure 26] Social Blog – Example of Medium

51

Type 3 - Social Media
Media Type: Social Media
Method: Republish (Social Log-in, Loading posts to API)

[Figure 27] Social Media – Example of Facebook and Instagram

52

Type 4 - Video Platform
Media type: Video platform
Method: Republish (Social Log-in, loading videos to API, Embedded video link)

[Figure 28] Video Platform - Example of Youtube

53

Type 5 - Press
Media Type: Press
Method: Embedded link, script, hyperlink, Url link, Company-type API

[Figure 29] Press - Example of NYT

54

Type 6 - Magazine
Media Type: Magazine
Method: Script, company-type API

[Figure 30] Magazine Company - Example of Vogue

55

Type 7 - eCommerce
Media Type: Ecommerce
Method: Script, company-type

[Figure 31] Commerce - Example of eBay

56

Type 8 - Web toon
Media Type: Web toon service
Method: Script, company-type API

[Figure 32]Commerce - Example of Lezhin Comics

57

PUBLYTO Token Ecosystem
Deposit system and Penalty
PUBLYTO(PUB), a token used in the PUBLYTO network, can be freely traded
on the exchanges. Value of PUB may plunge if a huge volume of tokens is sold.
Those who look for the short term profit by reckless investment may threaten the
stability of PUB. We need those with long-term perspective to sustain a stable
community to stay away from threats of speculative forces. In PUBLYTO, deposit
system allows ink interests for depositor. Instead, it takes time to withdraw.
Members will deposit for interest. However, since withdrawal takes time,
preventing lots of tokens to be sold at once.
It takes a total of 10 weeks to withdraw all deposited tokens. Every time it passes
one week from the date a withdraw is requested, 10% from the entire tokens
is withdrawn, meaning that it takes a total of 10 weeks for 100% withdrawal.
Deposited tokens cannot be used for transaction, but they can be immediately
withdrawn if penalties are paid.

Individual Profit-making System
In PUBLYTO, we can categorize the individual profit-making system by rewards
and holding profits in a broader view. Reward is a profit given from the ecosystem
through inflation. Holding profit is different from rewards in a sense that it creates
profits by exchanging tokens among users in PUBLYTO. Reward is distinguished
by content reward and comment reward. Likewise, holding profit consists of
advertisement holding and fund holding.

58

Reward System
Content rewards in PUBLYTO are supplemented through inflation. Content rewards
consist of creating reward and curator reward. If creating reward ratio is low, it
discourages to create contents. On the other hand, low curation reward means
losing activeness in consistent content consumption. We need heuristic approach
through service operation for the ratio of two, not through a mathematical proof.
In PUBLYTO, we defined the initial reward ratio for creating and curation by 75%
and 25% respectively, the same ratio used in Steemit. We also plan to improve it to
a reasonable degree in line with the growth of the ecosystem.

Content Reward

Curation Reward

75%

25%
<Table 3> Content Reward Ratio

The power which decides the size of the reward increases by the number of token
holdings. When those with lots of tokens make votes, they give more influence on
the curation and creating rewards than those with smaller tokens would influence.
There are mainly three types on how the token holding volume influences the
reward. Let x-axis be the token holding volume and y-axis be the influence power
in pictures below. The very left linear function means that token holding volume is
directly proportional to the influence over rewards. One unit token exercises one
unit of influence power. Meanwhile, the power function in the middle means that
token holding volume exercises the influence by power (square, cube). One unit
token gives influence by square or cubic power. Compared to the linear function,
the power function has much larger influence. The root function on the right
means that the token holding volume’s influence power is a root (square root,
cubic root), the opposite to the power function. It is true that more token holding
means more influence on rewards, but one unit token exercises its influence by
values of square or cubic roots.

59

200

25000

150

20000

12
10
8

100

10000

50

5000

6
4
2

0

20

40

60

80 100 120 140 160

0

0

20

40

60

Linear

80 100 120 140 160

20

40

60

Power

80 100 120 140 160

Root

[Figure 33] Influence Power on Rewards by Token Holding Volume

The influence power on rewards is in order of Power > Linear > Root function. We
can generalize these functions by the below.

If m equals 1, it is a linear function. If larger than 1, it is a power function, and
if smaller than 1, it is a root function. Finding the most optimized m value for
the ecosystem is nearly impossible to prove mathematically. Experience is
needed for this approach. If m value is higher, the token influence power will be
greater, meaning that more token holding will lead to dominance. To give higher
influence in the ecosystem, users will compete to get tokens, which increases the
token value. However, we can have a side effect. If we primarily discuss on the
quantitative theory of tokens, it will worsen the issue with ‘the rich getting richer
and the poor getting poorer’.
The below depicts the number of account by each level on July 7th, of the Steemit
service. Each level is categorized by token holdings. The number of accounts of
the level with the lowest token holding was 956,053. It had the highest proportion
of all, with 89% of the total amount.

60

[Figure-34] Number of Steemit Accounts by Levels(Based on July, 2018)4

The figure below is a graph of the sum of influence power on rewards for each
level class. The sum of the lowest level’s influence power is 8,407. Meanwhile, the
influence power that the highest level has is 238,817 divided by 37, which makes
6,455. The influence power that one person from the highest level gets is 77% of
the influence power of the total accounts from the lowest level.

4 @arcange, “Steemit Statistics” Jul 11, 2018
https://steemit.com/statistics/@arcange/steemit-statistics-20180711-en

61

[Figure-]Sum of Voting Power by Levels(Based on July 2018)5

Such an unbalanced influence of power may prevent the inflow of new users who
barely have any tokens. Despite hard works and good contents made by these
users, if the size of reward is heavily dependent on accounts with lots of tokens,
the new users with few tokens will be greatly discouraged.
PUBLYTO seeks to reduce the ‘the rich get richer, the poor get poorer’ issue
and the unbalance of influence power by adjusting the m value mentioned. In a
broader view, we design the m value, the influence by token holding amounts, to
be less than 1. People with lots of tokens give influences. However, when thinking
of 1 unit token and its influence power, those with smaller tokens can give larger
influences. This is considered to lead new users and help them to actively create
contents. In PUBLYTO ecosystem, it’s not the world made by few users with lots of
tokens, but it should be the world made by users regardless of their token holding
size, because our noble duty is to have valuable contents be read by more users.
Despite the net function that m < 1 can reduce the rich get richer, and the poor
get poorer issue, it can be targeted by Sybil’s attack. For example, a user with
100 tokens can benefit more from using two accounts with 50 tokens each than
managing one account in terms of the user’s influence power as shown below.

5 @arcange, “Steemit Statistics” Jul 11, 2018
https://steemit.com/statistics/@arcange/steemit-statistics-20180711-en

62

Splitting tokens into smaller pieces and having more accounts give more influence
power on rewards. PUBLYTO uses reCAPTCHA6 to block civil attacks of automated
programs from sign up or log in. Moreover, it prevents market confusion by
restricting ratios that certain devices can perform during certain periods.

Content Rewards
Content reward is distinguished by creating reward and curation reward,
encouraging production of good quality contents. Content rewards depend on the
weight of voting power that contents receive. Voting power refers to the volume
of inks that readers use to express their sense of sympathy after viewing certain
contents. Inks can be paid out as interest through token deposits. Inks not only are
used for transaction cost in blockchain but also used to express voting powers.
For a certain content i , the reward volume ri , can be expressed by the following
depending on the weight of the voting power vi that the content receives

One thing to consider is that the voting power received once can continuously
give influences. It is highly possible that previously written contents can get more
content rewards as they have more exposure time than contents written recently.
To supplement this, PUBLYTO uses the freshness coefficient. Let a equals be a
curator, and t ai be the elapsed time after voting a random content i . Then, the
freshness coefficient f ai equals the below equation. T equals the entire one-week
time gap

fai =

6 reCAPTCHA, Easy on Humans, Hard on Bots
https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/index.htm

63

T

Freshness coefficient is a value that decreases from 100% to 0% during oneweek, and voting score p ai is calculated by multiplying voting power v ai .

fai

ai

By applying the coefficient m, that represents the mentioned influence power,
to the voting power p ai , we compute the equation below to reduce the increasing
wealth gap issue.

Instead of voting power for a certain content reward r i , we can express by voting
scores below. Voting powers received in the past do not continuously influence
their rewards, and voting power is proportional to the root value according to the
token holding volume.

The content creating reward r Ai takes 75% of the content reward amount as
described below.

Curation reward r Bi can be calculated by the weight of voting power p
excludes 75% of creating reward from the content reward amount.

ai

64

*

i

which

Comment Reward
A comment is considered as one content and its reward system is equivalent to the
content reward contract mentioned earlier. Comment reward is also distinguished
by creating and curation rewards. However, it is distinguished by content reward
and comment reward plug-in, showing differences in methods of usage.

Holding Advertisements
Each user not only makes profits by holding advertisements, but they can also
execute advertisements. PUBLYTO provides EPM (Earning Per Thousand), EPC
(Earning Per Click), and EPA (Earning Per Action). EPM calculates ad holding
profits based on the exposure times. EPC is based on the number of users’ clicks.
Lastly, EPA calculation is based on the number of goal implementation such as
users purchasing commodities.
PUBLYTO has real-time bidding for advertisement trading. Profits earned from
holding ads are subject to taxes. Collected taxes are burnt, causing deflation.
Though advertisement trading is between users, the trading activity is based on
PUBLYTO. Returning to the token ecology of taxes through deflation in PUBLYTO
network made by numerous users’ efforts is a reasonable procedure.

Holding Fund
In PUBLYTO, it not only holds ads but also funds. Content subscribers can fund
creators for good purposes. No tax is levied on such funds.

65

Inflation
Building Inflation Policies
If an inflation rate is too low, it decreases block production and motivation to create
contents. On the other hand, a high rate would cause an adverse effect, reducing
the value of PUBLYTO tokens. The inflation policy must be made by considering
the balance of the two. Using a fixed inflation value or an inflation policy using
simple time-dependent increasing rates could cause troubles. With the rapid
increase of users and contents and the planned inflation, rewards for contents
and comments can be extremely small. On the contrary, if there is a high inflation
despite the small number of users and contents, few users may exclusively
possess lots of rewards. Inflation policies must be made by using the volume of
users and contents as explanatory variables. PUBLYTO uses the equation below
to build an inflation (inf) that considers the number of contents created by users
while not exceeding the maximum of 10% annually. a refers to the number of
contents in a certain period, and b means the average reward unit price for
contents. It sets the average content reward unit price by referring to Steemit and
will adjust the price by reflecting the future market conditions.

Relationship among Reward Pools, Decay Rates, & Inflation
15% of the total issued tokens are assigned to the initial content reward pool.
Because the initial allocation is spent over time, parts of tokens in inactive or
sleeping accounts are taken into the reward pool. For accounts left without any
activities for 3 months, 10% monthly decay rates will apply and corresponding
tokens will return to the current reward pool via PUBLYTO contract. The monthly
10% decay rate continues until accounts are activated (More than one content
publishing, curation, donation, and other valid activities). It is very rare that the
token reward pool would be 0 because of the decay rate policy, at least preventing
the possibility that would cause negative influences on token values due to a
high inflation or inflation could be unnecessary. Inflation may exist in limited

66

circumstances. If the token volume added to the reward pool by the decay rate
cannot replace token volumes spent from the initial allocation or cannot follow up
the rapidly increasing trend, inflations may exist for the shortage only.
For users who do not recognize the decay rate policy, for three months, repeat
notifying users who have had no activities for one month after signing up. In
this sense, impose 10% of monthly decay rates to users who do not request
withdrawal of deposited tokens within 6 months. One can simply avoid being
subject to the decay rate. One only needs to do one’s duty as a part of the
PUBLYTO ecosystem such as publishing contents, curation, advertisement
trading, funding activities, and deposit withdrawal. For reference, if users save
their tokens in wallets of third parties or off-line wallets, no decay rates apply
regardless of their activities.

100

Percent of
Tokens Retained

80

60

40

20

0

6

7

8

9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16
Months of Inactivity

[Figure 9] Token Decreasing Trend of Inactive Accounts

67

Token Flow
List of Major Interested Parties (Stakeholder List)
Publisher
They are individuals or organizations who are the main body of content creating
reward and advertisement holding reward. Sometimes, they show duality as
an advertiser who spend cost. Publishers are the largest interested parties in
PUBLYTO contract.
Curator
They are individuals or organizations who are the main body of curation reward by
pressing ‘Thanks’ on contents and exercising voting power (INK). Republishing is
a part of curator’s activities.
Advertiser
They are individuals or organizations who purchase advertisement accounts of
other publishers with the purpose to multiply the advertisement effect on contents
they publish. On the contrary, they can make profits by receiving advertisement
requests. Because contents are the advertisement materials, publishers get the
authority as advertisers. The highly reviewed can be exempt from advertisement
fee or get discounts.
Commenter
Commenters make comments on contents published by publishers. They are
individuals or organizations who receive rewards according to the consensus
algorithm equivalent to content creation.
Backer
Backers are individuals or organizations who support fund by their good will or
according to their mutually beneficial relationship.
Ombudsman
They are individuals or organizations who have the right to report contents against
regulations. The highly reviewed groups is a part of ombudsman and contents
whose reports exceed a certain number by ombudsmen are automatically blocked.
In this case, reward or profits provided to the contents become frozen or retrieved.

68

Scenario
Roles of PUBLYTO token ecosystem users can be largely divided by content
creator, curator, advertiser, and backer as depicted in the figure below. It does
not mean each account for each role is produced. Accounts are the bodies capable
of performing all activities in the token ecosystem. The figure below does not
represent the reward for block production but discuss the total token flow starting
from content creation, curation, advertisement, and even sponsoring. Below is the
order of token flows by steps.

1. Content creator produces contents
2. Curators deposits PUBLYTO tokens to gather Inks for curation
3. Inks are paid out by interest depending on the volume of deposited tokens
4. Provide voting power by the favorable impression for certain contents by using
inks prepared
5. Content creators receive creating reward up to the number of voting power
received, and curators receive curation reward.
6. Advertisement client can execute ads on certain contents.
7. Advertisement cost is paid with tokens to the content creator
8. Collect tax for profit from holding advertisement and burn them for deflation.
9. Backers can deliver fund to content creators at any time.
10. Content creators in organizations pay designated fees from profits to
organization managers.

69

Inflation

Orginization Manager
5

5

1

4

10

9

Contents
Backer

Content creator

Curator

7

6

8

Advertiser

[Figure 33] Token Flow Map

70

2

3

Reputation System
If contents that are against general media service regulations are published and
shared, managers confirm and block these contents when receiving reports.
Let’s assume that contents against regulations are automatically blocked if
users request the content block and the number of report exceeds a certain
number. This allows actions to be taken faster since no personal judgement
is made. The problem is which user should receive the permission to request
block content. If all users receive this permission, even good contents can be
blocked if malicious users create many new accounts. This is called Sybil Attack,
which will be overcome by PUBLYTO through the reputation system. Only users
who have gathered high reputation from using services for a long time can get
the permission to block contents. The role of this system goes above blocking
inadequate contents. It also allows to supervise and inspect overall abusing in
PUBLYTO. Since the mission given to managers earlier is transferred to random
multiple people, the collective power is posed, allowing PUBLYTO network to be
purified more fairly and promptly.
Reputation means the degree describing how well and long a service has been
used for. Many factors could be considered but PUBLYTO evaluates reputation
depending on how many high-quality contents have been produced through a
long term because the power of its network comes from good content creation.
Therefore, the number of votes received and the reputation score are proportional
though the reputation score that the same content can receive per day at
maximum is limited. The maximum reputation score to receive daily is also set.
Such restriction makes long activities pose positive influences on reputation
scores. Reputation score can be earned as a reward for purifying network such as
reporting inadequate contents or abusing. Because higher reputation means more
tax reduction benefit, it motivates people to raise reputation scores.

71

Account
Whitelist
Domains to be used before users start profitable activities or known URL must
be registered to the whitelist. This procedure is needed to set the network order
by conducting prior qualification test. After automatically confirming domain
ownership through certain records of DNS, it’s followed by the next step, the
qualification test. The qualification test subjects are users whose reputation are
higher than a certain degree. If the number of agreement is satisfied, they are
whitelisted.
Other than domains, known URL can be whitelisted. Known URL means that user’s
original space is distinguished by URL as the URL includes the ID of a user. A
blog service called Medium distinguishes the user space with the form of http://
medium.com/@username. Because medium.com domain is not owned by an
individual Medium user, whitelisting with the domain format is not available.
However, it can be registered by the form of known URL. The space of whitelisted
known URL can make profits as a part of PUBLYTO network.

Individual and Organization
If an individual user whitelists a domain through one’s account, one can make
profits within that domain. The domain belongs to a personal account, not
allowing it to be shared by other account users. If a multiple of users share
one domain, an organization must be made as depicted in the figure below. All
members within the whitelisted domain should be able to make profits through an
organization. An organization refers to companies, groups, communities, etc. that
own certain domains.

72

www.myname.com

envicase.com

medium.com/myname

medium.com

steemit.com/myname

steemit.com

myname.tumblr.com

tumblr.com

(e.g., Personal Account
URL / Domain)

(e.g., Organization
Domain)

[Figure 34] Personal Account and Organization

To sustain services operated by an organization, it requires management,
development, and maintenance cost. An organization must create profits to put
more effort in advancing and developing services. In PUBLYTO, organizations
registered by domains can ask fees for individual account profits. Let’s assume
that a video content service is built. We first build an organization and whitelist
the domain. A personal account can share and create video contents through this
service. It can also make profits through content reward, comment reward, and
even holding advertisements and funds. If a part of profits is paid as fees, these
fees can be spent for service operation and development. In this case, funds are
not subject to fees.

73

EOS Mainnet Strategy
EOS Token Issue and Airdrop
Originally, PUBLYTO tokens issuance were conducted in Ethereum and planned
to move to EOS Mainnet in the ends. However, there were a lot of opportunity
costs and burden of the migration were not negligible. In particular, the speed/
blockchain scalability/ high fees seemed to be a millstone around our necks on
the feasibility of the project. Therefore, we reached the conclusion that quickly
settling down in the early EOS ecosystem and preoccupying the market is the
important thing. As a result, we decided to issue tokens as dApp of EOS Mainnet,
which means that PUBLYTO has prevailed the possibility of infinite expansion in
the future.
When token issuance ends, it can distribute to EOS native token holders for free
according to the airdrop plan. PUBLYTO plans to airdrop within 11% of the total
token issued amount. It will airdrop based on the reserved share rates of holders
to construct and promote the value of EOS ecosystem. The token airdrop ratio of
PUBLYTO token for 1 EOS native token will be set by integer ratios like 1:1 or 1:2.
Decimal airdrop ratios like 1:1.3 are not intuitive and can cause cutting on the last
decimal.

Value of Airdrop
Holders who purchase PUBLYTO tokens may believe airdrops as a relative
cost. However, the story changes if airdrop pumps and activates the PUBLYTO
ecosystem. We estimate that the positive reaction contributing to the activation
of the ecosystem is greater than the counter-reaction recognized as cost or
infringement of holder’s profit. This means the increase of PUBLYTO token value,
bringing profits to the token purchaser and holders. However, currently, 50% of
the total volumes are biased on top 10 EOS main net addresses and 75% are in top
100 EOS main net addresses, which may raise concerns on the bias of the supply.
Hence, PUBLYTO has a high expectation on EOS constitution to be enacted by the
efforts of broader consensus and implementation of BP and network participants.

74

Furthermore, PUBLYTO will spare no effort in contributing to the EOS ecosystem
which just took its baby step in the perspective of the Good Samaritan law, and do
its best help contributors who lead the self-purification be sincerely respected and
broaden their influences.
One of the biggest barriers for Internet based content services to secure users is
making accounts. On the EOS ecosystem, no conflicts would occur while making
accounts if EOS ecosystem already has accounts and gives motivation to use
PUBLYTO services. We estimate that airdrop would be enough to motivate and
serve a great role in activating the PUBLYTO ecosystem.

75

PUBLYTO’s Goal
Targeted Market
The media content market has made unprecedented growth over the last few
years. Here are some facts whose timeline is based on May 2018.7
- Personal bloggers publish more than 5 million posts every day.
- Facebook users publish a maximum of 3.3 million contents for every minute.
- Facebook users publish over 4.3 billion contents every day.
- Instagram users publish more than 67.3 million contents every day.
- Youtubers upload more than 4 million hours of contents every day and users
view 59.7 billion hours of videos every day.
- Yelp users post 26,380 reviews for every minute.
- Company-type press and magazine companies publish more than 10 million
news contents every day.
Market fragmentation is categorized by 4 steps by evaluating entry barriers and
marketability as major variables.

Individuals and Organizations
UGC (User Generated Content) field including personal blogs, social blogs,
and social media, producing contents by users’ free will without approval from
platform businesses, is an initial market where network entry is very handy.
BlogSpot, WordPress, Medium, Buzzfeed, Tumblr, etc. are major subjects. We aim
to achieve the penetration rate of 10% from 100 million individual web blogs, 500
million social blogs by 2020, and 30% of the penetration rate by 2021.

7 Worldometers, “Worldometers SOCIETY & MEDIA” May 31, 2018
http://www.worldometers.info

76

2nd Social Media Market
In this market, it’s difficult to graft PUBLYTO plug-in on scripts and embedded
link types. However, if we provide the PUBLYTO portal with social log in function
such as Facebook and Instagram, we can easily previously published posts to the
PUBLYTO content portal through Open API. In this case, reward and profit plugin interface are automatically grafted. Because more original contents mean
more imperativeness of individual profit making, a lean-to-one scrap service like
Pinterest is not considered.

3rd Multimedia Market
YouTube, used by 1.5 billion people, will be the bridgehead for entering the
entire market. Individual profits can be generated by calling video contents to the
PUBLYTO content portals by using the same method used in social medias. Just
like how Twitch and Africa TV broadcasters are using both of the two, Youtubers
can have additional individual profit making opportunity by using original contents
in multiple ways. We can -also expect that the PUBLYTO content portal could
possibly be the necessary source for YouTube or video content creators when its
coverage, exposure frequency, and profitability become larger.

4th Company Type Content Market
There are individual publishers in company type media content markets. Editors
in magazine companies are working class individual publishers. Despite benefits
and pays from companies they belong, we cannot strictly say that they are not
receiving every value of contents that worth pain they continuously feel during
creation. PUBLYTO is aware of the structural difficulties that they have no other
ways but to create sensational contents due to pressure they have for traffics.
PUBLYTO preferentially provides company type plug-in API through partnerships
with major presses and publishing companies to help in executing the media’s
noble duties for great causes. Publishers can receive justifiable incentives for
their individual creation if technological and policy approval from companies
are approved. Instead of supporting profit models and plug-in environment
specialized to help corporates to earn lots of funds and advertisement profits
from loyal subscribers, for plug-ins installed on each article for company type API
agreement, the team is planned to apply obligated regulations, allowing individual
77

publishers, in other word, the publisher oneself can obtain content rewards
and advertisement profits. Main targets include press like the New York Times,
Mainichi Newspaper, and Yonhap News as well Condé Nast centered magazine
media companies holding VOGUE and GQ.

[Figure 35] PUBLYTO’s Targeted Market – Example of Individual Media

78

Target Penetration Rate
Average Monthly Page Views
- 8,000 page views expected per installation on a monthly average
- Embryonic Stage: Occupy 2% of social plug-in market in 2019
- Initial growth stage: Occupy 30% of social plug-in market in 2020
- First year of growth: Occupy 80% of social plug-in market in 2021
Average Monthly Page Views
16B

16000000000

8000000000

5.6B

6000000000

4000000000

2000000000
800M

0
2019(E)

2020(E)

2021(E)

[Figure 36] 3-year Target Number of Monthly Average Page View

79

User Profiles
- Embryonic Stage: Occupy 2% of 5 billion personal blogs/social blogs in 2019
- Initial growth stage: Occupy 2.5% of 2 billion social media/multimedia market in
2020
- First year of growth: Occupy 10% of social media/multimedia market in 2021,
enter company-type media market
User Profiles
200M

20000000000

15000000000

50M

10000000000

4000000000

2000000000
10M

0
2019(E)

2020(E)

2021(E)

[Figure 37] 3-year Target Number of User Profiles

80

Installing Plugins
- Embryonic Stage: 5% compared to Disqus Installs 2.5M in 2019
- Initial growth stage: 23% compared to expected Disqus Installs 3M in 2020
- First year of growth: 57% compared to Disqus expected 3.5M in 2021
Installs
2M

2000000

1500000

1000000
700K

500000
130K

0
2019(E)

2020(E)

2021(E)

[Figure 38]3-year Target Number for Plug In Installation

81

PUBLYTO Development Plan
PUBLYTO contract regulates all token economy systems and user activities.
Based on this, content reward plug-in makes the incubating through Envicase,
PUBLYTO’s first external service. Advertisement trading/sponsoring plug-in are
added along with the release of the content portal. When the line up of plugin is completed on the content portal, it will advance followed by sequential
procedures, depending on the level of market entry, which include Re-publish
of contents, publishing original contents, supporting marketing tools, launching
PUBLYTO mobile App, etc.

2018 Q3
- PUB Token Issue on EOSio
- PUBLYTO Contract
- Token Economy System: Profit, reputation, deposit and penalty, inflation
and deflation, decay rate, dApp service fee (centralized external 			
commercial service)
- Account: Individual/Organization, whitelist, Envicase account sync 		
(migration)
- EOSio Airdrop
- EOSio Airdrop
- E-mail verification
- Google Vision API
- PUBLYTO Native plug-in: For compensating Envicase contents
- Changing Envicase DB schema
- Envicase dApps: iOS, Android, Web
- Envicase Referral Program
- Admin & Dashboard #1
- Profit, reputation, deposit, searching ink
- Withdraw deposits
- Notification Token trading only notification
- Membership withdrawal
- Blockchain + Web-event sourcing

82

2018 Q4
- PUBLYTO Content Portal (PUBLYTO.com) Beta (+ PUBLYTO API #2)
- Sign up/Sign in
- MFA verification
- Plug-in inserting type: Script, Embedded link, Hyperlink, Url
- PUBLYTO External Plug-in: Content reward
- Calling external contents and meta data: Recall function
- External security protocol
- External content data collecting environment

2019 Q1
- PUBLYTO Content Portal (PUBLYTO.com) Official Launch
- PUBLYTO External plug-in: Advertisement trading, plug-in for funding
- Permission of Ombudsman for the highly reviewed: Permission to report
contents, permission to edit contents, Editor’s Picks within the content 		
portal
- Admin & Dashboard #2
- E-mail marketing for the highly reviewed
- Tool Direct message tool for the highly reviewed
- SEO
- Robots.txt & Sitemap.xml
- Image and tagging optimization
- Tagging title & Meta description tag (SEO meta tag + other tag)
- Mobile
- web friendliness test

83

2019 Q2
- Official Launch of PUBLYTO content portal mobile app
-iOS, Android ‘List of all the countries in the store’
- PUBLYTO content portal (PUBLYTO.com) Improvement #1
- Social media content re-publishing function (Import & Re-publish): 		
Facebook, Instagram, Reddit

2019 Q3
- PUBLYTO content portal (PUBLYTO.com) Improvement #2
- Original content publishing function: Blog type, video type, photo type

2019 Q4
- PUBLYTO content portal (PUBLYTO.com) Grand Launch
- Expand Client Base: API Launch of company type plug-in

84

Patent Application Plan
Since 2009, blockchain is a free technology that cannot help get patented as it is
shared as an open source. However, patent application can be made if an item
has a distinguishable idea and logical flow without actual implementation. Hence,
most of current blockchain applications deal with surrounding technologies such
as securities, operation, usage, utility, etc. Security is a technology for encryption,
tamper, and personal identification to protect data and secure transparency of
transactions. Operation technology includes operation of distributed network
including procedures such as transaction, access, consensus, synchronization,
saving, etc. Moreover, the utility field may include various services such as
blockchain based financial service, voting, game, logistics, medical, public
services, and others. Data seems to reflect such trend. The number of blockchain
related patent application to 5 advanced IP countries (IP5, US, China, Korea,
Japan, Europe) was 1,248. (Based on Jan. 2007 ~ End of Jan. 2018) The number
tends to double or triple every year. Especially, the dominance rate of G2 (US,
China) is overwhelming, whose weight is focused on so called 2nd generation
smart contracts (related to Ethereum). Korea still seems to have a low application
composition rate with 17% (4 out of 24) for such service fields as Korea is
concentrated on cryptocurrency trading.
Currently, standard patents are totally absent and discussion for international
standard is at its initial stage. Hence, we believe that this is the right timing to
preoccupy the core standard patent. PUBLYTO supports individual profit making
not only from internally issued contents but also from externally published
contents. It can also absorb a massive amount of data and markets. When
contents scattered at external medias are connected to PUBLYTO’s contract
and plug-in and other content portals are combined to the user environment of
content portals, it can search and record ownership of contents that have been
left out, even exercising legal rights. We are preparing to take the first step for
a patent application. Consistent investment R&D fields and expansion of patent
field are essential to protect such multifaceted and exclusive ideas. It is also a
critical procedure to construct stable PUBLYTO ecosystem and to achieve visions.

85

Roadmap
2018
AUG: PUB token issuance on EOSio
SEP: Airdrop, PUBLYTO beta ver.(PUBLYTO portal)
OCT: Improvement PUBLYTO Beta ver.
NOV: Envicase migration
DEC: PUBLYTO Official ver.

2019
- Q1 PUBLYTO iOS, Android Mobile App Launch
- Q2 Improvement all products
- Q3 Expand Client Base
- Q4 Market Share Grow

Note: More detail information will be announced via ​publyto.io​before the Pre ICO

86

TOKEN LAUNCH
Issue Information
- Symbol: PUB
- Total Supply: 10,000 million PUB
- Reserve: 4,000 million PUB
- Initial Free Offering: 1,100 million PUB
- Accepting: EOS
- Offering Details: To be announced before the token offering phase begins.

PUBLYTO Tokens Distribution &Use
- 11% of PUBLYTO tokens are allocated for IFO. Especially, We plan to airdrop
based on the number of shares that holders to construct the EOS system and to
increase the value by snapshotting initially issued EOS tokens. In particular, it will
play a leading role in revitalizing the initial EOS ecosystem and preoccupying the
market by adding BP voter eligibility criteria for airdrop.
- 60% of tokens will be used for differentiated user rewards based on the double
network effect. They are also reserved to be committed in fields required when
expanding the blockchain ecosystem. in addition to, tokens will be used for
blockchain network R&D, EOS resources, Crypto Funds, management, consulting,
etc.
- 19% of tokens are spent for the founders and employees, and to recruit new
human resources. A method with the same purpose used in Silicon Valley's stock
grant system is used for recruiting external human resources and developing
internal employees.

87

- Through a strategic investment, 5% of tokens are distributed to contributing
advisors from blockchain technology, media, law, finance, etc. as well as various
early investors who become the foundation of PUBLYTO network. The distribution
will strengthen coordination with them.
- 5% of PUBLYTO tokens are distributed as a part of bounty program to build and
grow communities made by participants in marketing and in each target market.
Furthermore, supporting Ombudsman raised the reliability and original value of
PUBLYTO and contributes to the protection of content rights. Hence, it will be used
to maintain self-purification of the ecosystem and to strengthen loyalties.

88

Tokens Distribution

11%

11%
4%

5%

19%

40%

5%

5%

19%

Reserve
(Forced Lock-up)

IFO

Resources

Variable Rewards

PUBLYTO PTE.,Ltd.
& Employees

Marketing, Bounty,
Ombudsman

Three resources
of EOS

Early Investor,
Advisor, Partnership

Crypto Fund

[그림 39] Distribution

Description

Percentage (%)

Amount (PUB)

IFO

11%

1,100,000,000

Reserve(Forced Lock-up)

40%

4,000,000,000

Variable Rewards

11%

1,100,000,000

Marketing, Bounty, Ombudsman

5%

500,000,000

89

Three resources of EOS

5%

500,000,000

Early Investor, Advisor, Partnership

5%

500,000,000

Crypto Fund

4%

400,000,000

PUBLYTO PTE.,Ltd. & Employees

19%

1,900,000,000

90

Team

Ryan Moonyoung Jang

Joseph Moonsoo Jang

Business executive, Project lead
Founder of PUBLYTO and Envicase,
17 years marketing & eBusiness developer

Finance, Legal
Co-Founder of PUBLYTO and Envicase,
11 years financial auditor, Venture entrepreneur

* Wpp group, Vans, ABC-mart Inc.,
B.A. in English/Deutsche Education from Hankuk
University of Foreign Studies.

* Tokyo Trading International, BV
communications, B.A. in Economics from Korea
University

Mark Jinwook Chung

Min J. Kwon

Blockchain, Tech Lead
Co-Founder of PUBLYTO and Envicase,
7 years data science & engineering

Global Business development, Fashion influencer,
Director of New York branch office,
12 years business development and
merchandising
* Ralph Lauren, Nordstrom, Stella McCartney,
The Vanguard Group, A.A.S. in Fashion Design
from Parsons The New School for Design, M.B.A.
in New Ventures & Entrepreneurship, B.S. in
Information Sciences & Technology / B.S. in
Telecommunications The Pennsylvania State
University, University Park, PA

* Travel Demand Forecasting at Pyunghwa
Engineering Consultants, M.S. in Transportation
Planning from Chung-Ang University

91

Brandon Kim

Stark Daekyu Kang

Brand communication, Creative direction
14 years global branding and communication

Smart contract, Senior software engineer
7 years mobile software engineer

* Brandonkim Studio, L'Oréal, W Hotels, Johnson
& Johnson, B.A. of Science in Environmental

* Makeus Android lead, Founder of
Teletalkvi(M&A with Makeus), B.A. of electrical

Design from ART CENTER COLLEGE OF DESIGN
– PASADENA / CALIFORNIA

engineering from Hanyang University

Hoon Lim

Jay Kim

UXUI design, Motion Graphic, Publishing
10 years UX/UI Designer

Full stack software engineer
10 years of related software development
experience

* Zikto, Hoonishere, B.A. Graphic Design from
Art Institue of Vancouver, Vancouver / British
Columbia

* Kakao, Comtus, BA of electrical engineering
from Yonsei University

Hayden Lee
Infographic, Illustration, Marketing design
BI/BX Designer
* Group SJR, Graphic Design BA in Brigham
Young University, Provo,UT

92

Advisors & Early Investors

Neoply

able communications

(Former Neowiz Investment)

JP company Co., Ltd.

93

Richard Byungmin Yeo

Edwin Wong

Geon Investment - Venture Capital, Vice
President

Hong Kong ICPA - Member
CPA Australia - Member

Former
Neowiz Games Co. - Head of Business Strategy
LB Investment - Private Equity Division, Director
Samsung Securities - M&A Team, Vice President
Bain&Company - Private Equity Group,
Case Team Leader

Former
STS Group - Global CFO and Executive Director
KPMG - Corporate Finance Manager
Deloitte - Auditor

A.T. Kearney - Strategy Group, Manager
Deloitte Consulting - Manager
PwC Consulting - Consultant

Hyungwoo Kim

Sungho Choi

Founder of Able Communicationz
Primer Venture Partner

Veat Law Firm, Representative Lawyer
Dunamu Investment Entrust
Stock Company Audit/Game & Culture Institute
Corporate Audit
Seoul High Court of Justice Mediator

Former
SK Group, Marketing director

Former
Zen Law Firm, Partner Lawyer
Bar Examination/Judicial research and Training
Institute Seoul National University Computer
Engineering

94

Hyotaek Jeon

Jean Kim

eBay Korea,
General manager of Ad Platform

Founder & CEO, HESED
Former
Adapt Group - Global Marketing and Sales
Director
Avery Dennison Korea - Global Sales Manager

Former
eBay Korea, Leader of Item Team

Jason Yoo

LEE Jun

CFP®, Vice President,
Wealth Management at Citigroup

Ph.D. in Urban Economics,
Economic Modeling Expert

Former
J.P. Morgan - Vice President, Private Client
Advisor
Bluesky Capital Partners, LLC - Portfolio
Manager
Morgan Stanley - Financial Advisor

We are in talks with 7 outstanding
candidates who are working in the
field of blockchain, tokenomics,
media and legal.

95

Partners & Alliances
Representative Branding Partner

HESED USA - Global Branding & Marketing Partnership

Influencer Marketing Partners
Obviously Social

Influence.co

No Such Agency PR

Heartbeat

Popular Pays

Canard

Brand Snob

The Cirqle

RevFluence

Ambassadher

Social Native

Ghostlamp

96

Social Fabric

Brandbassador

-

Relatable

97

Collaborated Brands Existing Collaborative Partners

98

Fashion & Accessories
Fashion & Accessories

Beauty

Nike

Sephora

Chloe

Dior

Kenzo

Amore Pacific

Rent The Runway

Estee Lauder

Kay Jewelrers

Lancome

Daniel Wellington

YSL beauty

Lulus

Sulwhasoo

Womens Dong-A

Mamonde

We Are Openhouse LA

Clinique

Capsule Show

Diptyque

99

Rocksbox

Clarins

Golf Galaxy

Ulta Beauty

Stella and Dot

Dove

The BlackTux

Drunk Elephant

Juju Showroom

Patchology

Nude Fashion

Givenchy

liverpool Jeans

louboutinworld

Lazypants

Loreal

Ana Luisa

Garnier

Joseph Nogucci

Skinceuticals

New York Fashion Week

Maybelline

iijin

Maison berdoues

Icewear1972

Skyn

100

Skinnies

Artisbrush

Ruby Lane Sydney

Kate Somerville

Katya Dobryakova

Double Dare

Pink Blush

masquelogy

Tote Savvy

milkmakeup

Ettika

GetCocofloss

Thursdayfinest

louboutinbeaute

But From the Kloth

Saturday Skin

Freshtops

Beautycon

Worth New York

Function of Beauty

Mod and Jo

Sky and Sand

Milk and Blush

Michael Todd Beauty

Acler Women

Riley Rose

101

True and Co

Eva Hair NYC

The Sampler Room NY

Susanciminelli

EPolignano

Malinandgoetz

Level 99

Kevynaucoin

Kyboe

Everskin

Jord Wood Watches

Ren Skincare

Wear Veronica

Bio Ionic

Le Tote

Devita Skincare

Kapten and Son

Cosmedix

Ves Clothing

Chi

Hind Sight Vintage Sunglasses

Farouk Systems

Style Lend

Doll Face Beauty

Happy Socks

Belair Ski

102

We Are Openhouse LA

Briogeo

Genart

Tria

Thread Up

Treehut.co

Beauty Brand

Tria Beauty

Norell New York

The Lotus

Woven Pear

Amika

Erin Featherston

Design by Humans

Amen Papa

Yuni Brand

Capsule Show

Hellosexylegs Beauty

Ombre Agency

Viviscal

Hueb

Vanity Planet Store

Shabby Apple

Sabon NYC

Portelli Brand

Soigne

103

Morrison Grey

Joanna Vargas NYC

Rocksbox

Uni Lever USA

-

D'marche Labs

-

Malin + Goetz

104

Lifestyle & Others / Food & Beverages
Lifestyle & Others

Food & Beverages

CB2

Coca Cola

Tysons Corner Mall

Conagra Group

The Knot Magazine

Walmart

FFANY Shoe Show

Palais Des The

Fashion Tech Forum

Kusmi Tea

US Open

Lipton Tea

Simple Contacts

Kraft

Mom Bomb

Chiquita Brands

Toms

Hello Fresh

Maison Berger

Dove Chocolate

105

styl36degrees

Post Mates

Mazda

Dominos

GwenStefani

Sharis Berries

Interscope Records

Virtuoso Pizza

Kiva

Bokksu

Ode to Clean

MarieCallender

Target

Kind Snacks

Careof

Eggo Toast

Goby

Harry and david

I Heart Ankit

Chiquita Brands

MGBW Home

Barcelona Wine Bar

Eyeconic

Hello Fresh

Gresso Miami

Dove Chocolate

106

Fracture Me

Rice and Flower

Ju Photography

City Cakes

Flying Tiger USA

Post Mates

Shear Bliss NYC

Dominos

GRK Beauty

Summers Brooklyn

Old la hainaluau

Grey Goose

Fashion Tech Forum

Cava Grill

Denise Fasanello

Ideal Fit

Sole Farms

Vida Glow

Smile Brilliant

Skinny Coffee Club

Petals and Roots

Le Grand Courtage

Women Not Objects Projects

Suja

Tictail Market

Fatty Sundays

107

The Grommet

Graze USA

Fountain Greetings

-

Prim Botanicals

-

Meredith O’Connor Singer

-

Thierry Feuz Artist

-

LINK

-

Unofficialcardboard

-

108

Baby & Hotel & Resorts
Baby

Hotel & Resorts

Puracy

Four Seasons

Patpat.com

Rosewood Hotels

Grab Ease

West House NY

The Milk Camp

Fairmont Hotels

Bebe Tailes

The Kahala Hotel

Nanit

70 Iberostar

Heart felt scrabble

-

Hux Baby

-

Comotomo Baby

-

Washabelle

-

109

Colored Organics

-

Davinci

-

Cuddle and kind

-

The Magic Light Wand

-

Smartbabywears

-

Cuddle and Kind

-

Lalabu Baby

-

Blooming Bath

-

Nataly Danilova Photography

-

110

Technology
Google

Intel

US Mobile

Cars.com

Stash App

111

Conclusion
The media content market trend is facing violent changes as the greed of content
publishers and users hiding under topics called blockchain and cryptocurrency
are awakening. Aside from the emergence of blockchain medias, PUBLYTO
team senses that we are reaching the age of integrated greed where staged
self-realization greed of materials, relationship, and self confidence cannot be
distinguished by prioritized orders. Alderfer who denied the order of greed,
refuted Maslow’s theory of staged greed saying that two types of greed occur
simultaneously. There are people creating contents to satisfy their greed for honor
or self-realization. Meanwhile, another visible trend is that people try to satisfy
their monetary greed. These are mutually dependent rather than independent.
Subscribing content is very likely to be connected to types of greed from physical
convenience, self-realization, and even to creating economic value. Frustration is
the simple reason many publishers and users attempt to move or are moving from
legacy media to blockchain media.
The bottom of PUBLYTO will expand directly in proportion to the speed that the
trend of media content market changes to blockchain or cryptocurrency-based
market. However, the rise and fall depends on whether we realize the ecosystem
capable of satisfying the simultaneity of integrated greed and increasing the
possibility to maintain.
- External plug-in that can freely select and grasp dApp without being hindered
by media content types
- API environment synched to re-publish social media contents on the PUBLYTO
content portal
- Company-type API contract helping the coexistence of media content company
and affiliated editors
- Advertisement revenue and fund holding algorithm additionally installed on
restricted content reward pools.
- Deflation policy devised to ensure the convenience of token contributors
while strengthening the profitability of content publishers with ad trading and
continuously increasing the token values by burning transaction fee

112

- Exclusive reputation algorithm that interrupts the power of capital to monopolize
qualities of contents
- OBT (Open Beta Test) distribution implemented before listing on exchanges to
validate marketability
- PUBLYTO’s vision that adopts slogans of emotional and legal (ISO) international
standard
All of these contain a realistic sense of crisis for realization and sustainability,
which pass over the essential value called ‘coexistence’. In the blockchain
ecosystem with endless potentiality, blockchain-based technology and PUBLYTO
token are unfortunately just paints and papers to help painting end pictures. All
values come from the owners of PUBLYTO, the user, node, and contributor, and
they are the highest benefiter of the promoted value of it.

113

DISCLAIMER
THIS WHITEPAPER IS IMPORTANT AND SHOULD BE READ IN ITS ENTIRETY.
TEAM PUBLYTO (COLLECTIVE TERM INCLUDING PUBLYTO FOUNDATION, TID
CO., LTD., TID’S SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AND AFFILIATES) IS PUBLISHING
THIS WHITE PAPER FOR A REFERENCE PURPOSE TO PROVIDE INFORMATION
AND OF A GENERAL NATURE, TO SUPPORTERS OF PUBLYTO NETWORK AND ITS
PLATFORM. IN OTHER WORDS, THIS WHITE PAPER IS NOT INTENDED TO BE AN
OFFER TO SELL, OR A SOLICITATION OF ANY OFFER TO BUY, ANY SECURITY OR
OTHER FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT OR TO INVEST IN THE PUBLYTO TOKEN AND ARE
FOR INFORMATIONAL, ILLUSTRATION AND DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY. THIS
WHITE PAPER IS AS OF APRIL 27, 2018, MAY NOT BE COMPLETE OR FINAL, MAY
BE ESTIMATED, IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND DOES NOT CONTAIN ALL MATERIAL
INFORMATION REGARDING AN INVESTMENT, INCLUDING SPECIFIC INFORMATION
RELATING TO AN INVESTMENT’S RISKS. THE OFFERING OF THE PUBLYTO TOKEN
HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED, QUALIFIED, OR APPROVED UNDER ANY SECURITIES,
FUTURES, FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, CAPITAL MARKETS, OR EXCHANGE
CONTROL LEGISLATION, REGULATION, OR ORDINANCE OF ANY JURISDICTION. IN
ALL JURISDICTIONS, THE OFFER TO SELL AND SOLICITATION TO BUY A PUBLYTO
TOKEN IS DIRECTED SOLELY TO QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS,
QUALIFIED PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS, AND THOSE OTHER SOPHISTICATED
PERSONS TO WHOM OFFERS AND SOLICITATION MAY BE MADE WITHOUT ANY
LICENSING, REGISTRATION, QUALIFICATION, OR APPROVAL UNDER APPLICABLE
LAW (COLLECTIVELY, “QUALIFIED PERSONS”). THIS WHITE PAPER IS NOT
CONSTITUTE AN OFFER, DISTRIBUTION, SOLICITATION, OR MARKETING TO ANY
NON-QUALIFIED PERSON, AND IS NOT AN OFFERING TO THE RETAIL PUBLIC
IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE SUCH OFFERING IS UNLAWFUL. YOU SHOULD
DISREGARD THIS INFORMATION SHEET IF YOU ARE A NON-QUALIFIED PERSON.
IF YOU USE THIS WHITE PAPER IN YOUR DECISIONS AND ACTIONS (INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO REFERRING TO THE WHITE PAPER), YOU ACT AT YOUR
OWN RISK IN RELIANCE ON THE JUDGEMENT CONSEQUENCES THEREOF,
REGARDLESS WHETHER A PROFIT OR LOSS. IN OTHER WORDS, THIS TEAM
PUBLYTO IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE COMPENSATION ACTIONS, DECISIONS,
OR OTHER BEHAVIOR TAKEN OR NOT TAKEN BY YOU IN RELIANCE UPON THE
WHITE PAPER, EVEN IF YOU SUFFER DAMAGE, LOSS, DEBT OR OTHER DAMAGES.
ALL PRODUCT AND COMPANY NAMES ARE TRADEMARKSTM OR REGISTERED®
TRADEMARKS OF THEIR RESPECTIVE HOLDERS. USE OF THEM DOES NOT
IMPLY ANY AFFILIATION WITH OR ENDORSEMENT BY THEM. A PUBLYTO
114

TOKEN WILL FLUCTUATE IN VALUE, AND MAY BE VOLATILE, ESPECIALLY OVER
SHORT TIME HORIZONS. PUBLYTO DOES NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR
WARRANTY AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE INFORMATION
CONTAINED IN THESE MATERIALS. PUBLYTO HAS NO OBLIGATION TO UPDATE
OR KEEP CURRENT ANY INFORMATION OR PROJECTIONS CONTAINED IN THESE
MATERIALS. THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE TOKENS WILL EVER
BE ISSUED OR DIVIDENDS WILL BE PAID; PUBLYTO IS SUBJECT TO COMPLEX,
EVOLVING AND EXPANSIVE U.S. AND FOREIGN LAWS AND REGULATIONS; THERE
IS NO ASSURANCE THAT TOKEN PURCHASERS WILL RECEIVE A RETURN ON OR
OF THEIR INVESTMENT; PUBLYTO HAS LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY, WHICH
MAKES IT HARD TO EVALUATE ITS ABILITY TO GENERATE REVENUE THROUGH
OPERATIONS; TOKEN HOLDERS GENERALLY WILL NOT HAVE VOTING RIGHTS
OR ABILITY TO INFLUENCE PUBLYTO’S DECISIONS; PUBLYTO MAY BE FORCED
TO CEASE OPERATIONS; PUBLYTO MAY NOT SUCCESSFULLY DEVELOP, MARKET
AND LAUNCH THE PUBLYTO WALLET SYSTEM, AND, EVEN IF LAUNCHED THE
PUBLYTO WALLET SYSTEM MAY NOT BE WIDELY ADOPTED AND MAY HAVE
LIMITED USERS AND COULD BE SUBJECT TO SIGNIFICANT COMPETITION; PRICES
OF BLOCKCHAIN ASSETS ARE EXTREMELY VOLATILE AND FLUCTUATIONS
IN THE PRICE OF DIGITAL ASSETS COULD MATERIALLY AND ADVERSELY
AFFECT PUBLYTO’S BUSINESS. TOKEN HOLDERS SHALL NOT BE ENTITLED
TO ANY UTILITY FUNCTIONALITY AS PART OF THE TOKEN. NEVERTHELESS,
THE COMPANY EXPECTS TO ENDEAVOUR TO PROVIDE CERTAIN ADDITIONAL
BENEFITS TO HOLDERS OF THE TOKENS IN THE FUTURE (THE “DISCRETIONARY
BENEFITS”). THESE WILL NOT BE A PART OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF
THE TOKENS, BUT RATHER BENEFITS VOLUNTARILY PROVIDED BY THE COMPANY
TO TOKEN HOLDERS. THESE DISCRETIONARY BENEFITS MAY BE WITHDRAWN OR
CHANGED AT ANY TIME AT MANAGEMENT’S DISCRETION. CAUTION REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS THIS WHITEPAPER CONTAINS FORWARDLOOKING STATEMENTS OR INFORMATION (COLLECTIVELY “FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS”) THAT RELATE TO OUR CURRENT EXPECTATIONS OF FUTURE
EVENTS. OPINIONS, ASSUMPTIONS, ASSESSMENTS, STATEMENTS OR THE LIKE
REGARDING FUTURE EVENTS OR WHICH ARE FORWARD-LOOKING, CONSTITUTE
ONLY SUBJECTIVE VIEWS, BELIEFS, OUTLOOKS, ESTIMATIONS OR INTENTIONS
OF PUBLYTO, SHOULD NOT BE RELIED ON, ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE DUE TO
A VARIETY OF FACTORS, INCLUDING FLUCTUATING MARKET CONDITIONS AND
ECONOMIC FACTORS, AND INVOLVE INHERENT RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES,
BOTH GENERAL AND SPECIFIC, MANY OF WHICH CANNOT BE PREDICTED OR
QUANTIFIED AND ARE BEYOND THE CONTROL OF PUBLYTO. IN SOME CASES,

115

THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS CAN BE IDENTIFIED BY WORDS OR
PHRASES SUCH AS “AIM”, “ANTICIPATE”, “BELIEVE”, “CONTINUE”, “ESTIMATE”,
“EXPECT”, “INTEND”, “IS/ARE LIKELY TO”, “MAY”, “PLAN”, “POTENTIAL”, “SEEK”,
“WILL”, OR THE NEGATIVE OF THESE TERMS, OR OTHER SIMILAR EXPRESSIONS
INTENDED TO IDENTIFY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. WE HAVE BASED
THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ON CURRENT PROJECTIONS ABOUT
FUTURE EVENTS AND FINANCIAL TRENDS THAT WE BELIEVE ARE RELEVANT TO
OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS, BUSINESS STRATEGY,
FINANCIAL NEEDS, OR THE RESULTS OF THE TOKEN SALE. IN ADDITION TO
STATEMENTS RELATING TO THE MATTERS SET OUT HERE, THIS WHITEPAPER
CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS RELATED TO PUBLYTO’S
PROPOSED OPERATING MODEL. THE MODEL SPEAKS TO OUR OBJECTIVES ONLY,
AND IS NOT A FORECAST, PROJECTION OR PREDICTION OF FUTURE RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ARE BASED ON CERTAIN
ASSUMPTIONS AND ANALYSIS MADE BY US IN LIGHT OF OUR EXPERIENCE AND
PERCEPTION OF HISTORICAL TRENDS, CURRENT CONDITIONS AND EXPECTED
FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS AND OTHER FACTORS WE BELIEVE ARE APPROPRIATE,
AND ARE SUBJECT TO RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES. ALTHOUGH THE FORWARDLOOKING STATEMENTS CONTAINED IN THIS WHITEPAPER ARE BASED UPON
WHAT WE BELIEVE ARE REASONABLE ASSUMPTIONS, THERE ARE RISKS,
UNCERTAINTIES, ASSUMPTIONS, AND OTHER FACTORS WHICH COULD CAUSE
OUR ACTUAL RESULTS, PERFORMANCES, ACHIEVEMENTS AND/OR EXPERIENCES
TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THE EXPECTATIONS EXPRESSED, IMPLIED,
OR PERCEIVED IN FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. GIVEN SUCH RISKS,
PROSPECTIVE PARTICIPANTS IN THE TOKEN SALE SHOULD NOT PLACE UNDUE
RELIANCE ON THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS.

116

SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS
& LINKS
Contact us
- hello@publyto.io

Important Information
- Status ​Homepage
- Status G
​ ithub

Community Channels
- Telegram
- Medium
- Twitter

Existing dApps
- Envicase ​iOS
- Envicase ​Android
- Envicase ​Website

117

GLOSSARY
- PUBLYTO: Blockchain Media Content Protocol
- PUB: Symbol
- API: Application Programming Interface
- EOS: The cryptocurrency of the EOS network
- ISO: International Organization for Standardization
- IFO: Initial Free Offering
- Airdrop: Distribution of prescribed amounts of a certain virtual currency tokens
to its community members either for free or for performing specific tasks.
- BPs: Block Producers (BPs) are decentralized entities that govern the EOS
blockchain. Block Producers will produce the blocks of the blockchain.
- MFA: Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) is a security mechanism in which
individuals are authenticated through more than one required security and
validation procedure.

118

