PYLON NETWORK. The energy blockchain platform.

Token Paper - December 2018

Pylon Network Token Paper

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
2. PYLON NETWORK
2.1. Introduction to Pylon Network.
2.2. Creation of a consumer centered energy ecosystem.
2.3. The innovation. The Open-Source Blockchain of Pylon Network.
2.3.1. Technical specifications.
2.3.2. Green Mining. A non-competitive mining environment.
2.3.3. The actors of our green mining system and the distribution of rewards.
2.3.4. Future supply and distribution of PYLNC.
2.4. The Pylon Network assets.
2.4.1. The Pylon Token - PYLNT.
2.4.2. The Pyloncoin - PYLNC.
2.4.3. The Pylon Wallet.
3. BUILDING THE ECO-SYSTEM AS OUR MVP
3.1. Demonstrated technology (Pilot & Demo)
3.2. Partners.

DISCLAIMER
REFERENCES

Pylon Network Token Paper

PREFACE

The release of the Pylon Token Paper comes, approximately, one year after the oﬃcial
start of the implementation of our project.
This past year, has been the most interesting, challenging and rewarding period, during
which, we have learnt a lot.
The purpose of this Token Paper is to lay out the basic operational pillars of Pylon
Network and in particular, the relationship and interactions of Pylon Token (PYLNT) and
Pyloncoin (PYLNC) - which are presented for the first time.
We see cooperation among all energy stakeholders as a fundamental ingredient of the
energy transition and Pylon Network has been born to be exactly this: a common, open and
transparent framework of cooperation in the energy sector.
The time to act is now.

Respectfully,
Pylon Network Team

The present TokenPaper has not been subject to verification or registration in the oﬃcial records of the National
Securities Market Commission ("CNMV"). The ICO of PylonNetwork is exempt from the obligation to publish the
information leaflet in accordance with the provisions of letter e) of section 2 of Article 35 of Royal Legislative
Decree 4/2015, of October 23, which approves the Consolidated text of the Securities Market Law (hereinafter
the "Securities Market Law").

Investors are warned that the functionalities of the future PYLON platform described in this TokenPaper are
subject to change depending on whether there are technical limitations, legal, regulatory or product strategy
changes during its development.

Pylon Network Token Paper

1. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

Pylon Network is a neutral energy database, supported by our open-source blockchain
technology - specially designed to serve the needs of the energy sector. We develop a
blockchain code that is fast, scalable and with minimal energy requirements - designed to
play the role of the digital communication infrastructure for the increased participation of
distributed assets and stakeholders in the energy markets, as well as the provision of digital
energy services focused on the increased engagement of the most important player with
our democratized future energy systems; the end-user.

Pylon Network Token Paper

1 of 17

2. PYLON NETWORK
2.1. Introduction to Pylon Network.
In Pylon Network we have developed a neutral database based on blockchain
technology where consumption and production data of energy market users are
stored and allows them to decide who they want to share with
- hence, actively
participating in the market.

Fig.1. Pylon Network: a neutral energy data facilitator for the provision of added-value services to
every-day consumers like our friend, Domenico or other stakeholders.

With Pylon Network a level of data neutrality is achieved, which enables a new level of
innovation and competition capacity in the energy markets. Now is the consumer/
producer/prosumer himself/herself who, with an easy tool, decides what to do with their
private information, being able to choose which third-party - retailer or Energy Service
Company (ESCO) - can access it and oﬀer back digital services to them - helping in that
way consumers (Fig.1.) save on their bill.

Pylon Network Token Paper

2 of 17

2.2. Creation of a service-oriented ecosystem around the end user.
The data sharing architecture (Fig.2) in Pylon Network, not only empowers the end user
(consumers/prosumers) by helping them save money & energy, but also empowers the
retailers companies and ESCOs, who can oﬀer more targeted, informed and personalized
services (e.g. electricity contract) based on high quality, granular consumer data.

Pylon Network Ecosystem

Fig.2. Pylon Network ecosystem.

Pylon Network Token Paper

3 of 17

2.3. The innovation. The Open-Source Blockchain code of Pylon Network.
Pylon Network is the first blockchain code, designed specifically for the needs of the
energy sector.
We oﬀer Pylon Network's blockchain technology with an Open Source (OS) license to play
the role of an inclusive communication protocol accessible to all stakeholders of the energy
market.
We developed our technology with the main objective of accelerating the energy transition
and not leave anyone behind in the fast-evolving era of decentralization, digitalization,
customer engagement and transparent cooperation in the energy sector.
The following sections go through some of the innovative characteristics of Pylon Network,
which make it more than a common platform for digital energy services - and more like an
ecosystem of value creation for the energy sector.
2.3.1. Technical specifications.

Specification

Description

1000 tx/s

High rate of transactions per second, designed for the energy sector and all its
actors.

Non-competitive With federated nodes, we promote PoC cooperation against the PoW
Mining
competition to improve energy efficiency and minimize hardware costs.
Low energy
consumption

Consumption of 500 tx/Wh (i.e. 0.002 Wh/tx).

GDPR Aligned

Designed to comply with data privacy regulations.

Pylon Network Token Paper

4 of 17

Specification

Description

Open Source

Anyone can use it and its users are encouraged to voluntarily improve its
design. This is a strategy to create a scalable, effective common framework for
cooperation in the energy sector. At the same time, open-source software takes
out the risk of technology "lock-in" - a high risk factor on new, untested
technologies, like blockchain. A copy of the code can be found on Github, here.

Permission
management

It allows the interaction between the actors of the energy market while
maintaining privacy.

Scalable

Multiple nodes can be added, increasing the number of users supported by the
system. (currently supports 30M users).

2.3.2. Green Mining. A non-competitive mining environment.
One of the characteristics of Blockchain is decentralization. There are no central
servers or entities responsible for storing the data and any computer that connects to
the network can verify and process transactions. At the same time, all these
connected computers carry a copy of the history of all transactions that have taken
place in the network. These two points, mean that for its operation it requires the support
from its users - hence its decentralized nature.
The concept of Mining in decentralized data ledgers is that if someone wants to collaborate
with the network, they must oﬀer something back from their part - if the collaboration is
eﬀective, they will get a reward. In other words, users (nodes) are rewarded to support the
network and help it maintain its transparency by verifying transactions and creating new
blocks. However, in order to collaborate, they must comply with pre-established rules,
which may diﬀer depending on the type of blockchain and the utility that each network aims
to incentivize.
In Pylon Network we have defined a set of consensus rules easily verifiable by the
nodes that are not as intensive in energy consumption as Proof of Work - PoW. We refer
to it as Proof of Cooperation - PoC.
The use of PoC allows us to eliminate the competitive nature of the miners and
reduce the hardware cost (both upfront and maintenance). At the same time, our
Blockchain has no associated commission per transaction (fee/gas) as other
blockchains do.
In Pylon Network, there are diﬀerent types of nodes, each with diﬀerent roles regarding their
operation on the platform; the reward - in Pyloncoins - received by each type of node, also
varies (see later section for more info on PYLNC reward).

Pylon Network Token Paper

5 of 17

Pyloncoin - PYLNC is a digital coin that is created to reward the work of validating and
maintaining the information stored in the chain of blocks. The validation is carried out by the
validating nodes. Furthermore, a part of the coins created goes to producers and
prosumers, serving as an incentive and support for those who decide to generate
renewable energy.
The details of the actors (node types) participating in this reward system are explained in
the following sections.

2.3.3. The green mining stakeholders and the distribution of PYLNC rewards.
At Pylon Network we want to involve important players of the energy sector and reward
them fairly to incentivize the participation and cooperation of all these actors in the energy
market. In order to do this, we have diﬀerentiated two types of nodes, which are
represented by diﬀerent market players and perform diﬀerent sets of operation in the
platform.
These are the Light Nodes and the Full Nodes.

Type of Node Who can apply for it?

LIGHT Node

- Prosumers.
- Producers.
- Pylon Token Holders
(managed by the Pylon
team)

FULL Node

- Retailers.
- Energy Cooperatives
- Distributors
- Energy services
companies, ESCOs.

- Strategic partners.

What are the
requirements?

- Installed METRON.
- Datahubs integration.

What percentage of
reward in PYLNC will
receive?
20%

- Server integration
- Server integration

80 %

- Server integration

Light Nodes: METRONs or other (existing) monitoring hardware, integrated with the Pylon
Network's OpenSource algorithm. They can synchronize and store all information on
transactions; however, only the headers of all the blocks generated in the blockchain are

Pylon Network Token Paper

6 of 17

stored in the light nodes. At the same time, their duty is to certify the information on all
kinds of energy flows/transactions that are recorded on the blockchain.
These nodes may be installed in users with renewable production - producers and
prosumers - and will be approved by presenting the legal documents of the installation
through an online form.
The reward system is based on a relation to the amount of energy that is injected into the
network by the node. In other words, the chances of receiving the "Light Node" reward,
increase with the amount of energy that is injected in the grid. Since the reward is fixed and
we are talking about probabilities, over time all Light Nodes will receive their share
proportional to the energy injected.
The share of reward that will be allocated to the Light Nodes is 20% of the reward in
Pyloncoins (PYLNC), for every block. In that way, the rewards acts as an additional revenue
for the investment, incentivizing in that way investments for new renewable generation
plants.

Full Nodes: they have the role of the federated nodes. They are responsible for
synchronizing and storing all the information on the blockchain - block headers and energy
data of the users. At the same time, they are responsible for maintaining the platform,
certifying and validating all operations/transactions and for the creation of new blocks.
These nodes may be Pylon Token Holders (managed by the Pylon Network team), Retailers,
Energy Cooperatives, ESCOs, Distributors and other strategic stakeholders of the energy
sector (hardware distributors, software companies, associations, etc.). These nodes receive
80% of the mining reward, distributed equally among them.
Initially, ten Full Nodes will be created, five of which will represent the Token Holders,
obtaining a percentage of the total amount of the reward generated through the mining
operations. As new actors access the platform and new Full Nodes are added in the
system, the percentage received by each node will decrease accordingly.
The inclusion of a new Full Node will be decided by a voting process among all Full Nodes
of the network, at the time. All Full Nodes will have the same voting weight and will validate
the addition of a new Full Node (a 50-per-cent-plus-one majority will be required). All Full
Nodes will commit to a number of Pyloncoins - which will remain blocked - during the time
they participate in the network.

Pylon Network Token Paper

7 of 17

2.3.4. Future supply and distribution of PYLNC.
Once the commercialization phase of the project starts - Q1 2019 - the code will be
compiled and the oﬃcial mining of Pyloncoins (PYLNC) will begin.
As shown in Table 1, the total amount of Pyloncoins (Total Supply) will be 100,000,000
PYLNC and will be distributed over the next 16 years. A 10% of the total coins will be premined in the first (genesis) block - 10,000,000 PYLNC. From that moment, a new block will
be generated every 20 seconds and with every block that is validated (mined), a new
amount of PYLNC is created and supplied as a reward for the block validation.

Table 1. Summary of Pyloncoin minery generation.

The amount of Pyloncoins (PYLNC) mined in each block will vary throughout the 16 years,
according to Table 2. The same table also indicates the corresponding date (year), for each
reward segment. Note that the determining factor in this case is the block number and not
the indicated date.

Pylon Network Token Paper

8 of 17

Table 2. Summary Pyloncoin reward per block.

In Table 2, we assume the MainNet launch date (and hence the initiation of

mining

operations) of Pyloncoin is on January 1, 2019. Note that, as already mentioned, the year
reference is indicative, and the reward stages will always and exclusively be related the
block number.
This reward variation reflects the forecast of growth of users of the platform. In the
beginning, fewer coins are generated and as the number of users increases, the creation of
coins will also accelerate.
In the first 8 years, the reward per block will gradually increase until 60% of the total supply
is generated and distributed (i.e. 60 million PYLNC), as a means to encourage the earlyand medium-term adoption from new users. Following this 8-year period, the rate of coin
generation will change for the next 4 years, with a fixed reward per block. The same will
happen during the last 4 years, - but with a lower reward - until 100% of the total supply is
reached (i.e. 100 million PYLNC).

Pylon Network Token Paper

9 of 17

Fig.3. shows the cumulative rate of PYLNC rewards, distributed over the years until 100%
of total supply is reached. Once 100% of the total supply is reached, the mining reward
ceases to exist - no new PYLNC are generated and distributed (even though, the validation
of new blocks continues).
% PYLNC Distributed of the Total Supply per year*

90% 92,5%

95% 97,5%

100%

82,5%
75%
67,5%
60%
50%
40%
32,5%

10%

15%

12,5%

20%

25%

35
20

34
20

33
20

32
20

31
20

30
20

29
20

28
20

27
20

26
20

25
20

24
20

23
20

22
20

21
20

20
20

19
20

Fig.3. Cumulative rate of PYLNC rewards.

Fig.4. shows the reward of PYLNC for each block, within the next 16 years.
Reward of PYLNC per Block per year*
6,342 6,342

4,756 4,756

4,756 4,756 4,756 4,756

3,171 3,171

1,585 1,585

1,585 1,585 1,585 1,585

20

20

20

20

20

20

20

20

20

20

20

20

20

20

20

20

34

33

32

31

30

29

28

27

26

25

24

23

22

21

20

19

Fig.4. Reward of PYLNC for each block and year.

2.4. The assets and infrastructure of Pylon Network.
In Pylon Network there are two asset, the Pylon Token or "PYLNT" and the Pyloncoin
or "PYLNC". Both assets play a particular role within Pylon Network and are related. The
following sections go into more detail about the "how" and "what" of the two assets and
Pylon Network Token Paper

10 of 17

their relationship.

2.4.1. The Pylon Token - PYLNT.
We started with the creation of the Pylon Token and we distributed it with an initial oﬀer
of tokens based on Ethereum. The purpose of the token-generation event was to finance
the initiation of project. The capital obtained through the collective participation of hundreds
of people helped us develop various technical- and business - aspects of the project,
validate the technology in a real environment towards its implementation and thus, reach
the commercialization phase - Q1 2019.
The Pylon Token - PYLNT is a digital asset that represents the participation in the Pylon
Network platform and with it come the rights associated with the distributed benefits
(rewards) in the form of PYLNC.
Accordingly, the PYLNT oﬀers a two-way benefit in relation to the utility of PYLNC within
the platform and the green mining system.
Firstly, each token holder will receive their proportional share of benefits from the nodes
managed by the Pylon team (Pylon Token Holder Node), based on the amount of PYLNT
that they possess.
Secondly, each token holder will receive benefits from all payments in PYLNC that take
place within the Pylon Network platform - whether to certify energy, to pay for a service or
other future applications that will require a payment in Pyloncoins PYLNC.
These distribution processes will be managed oﬀ-chain (not programmed directly within the
blockchain code) and will be done periodically and automatically, sending the reward to
Pylon Token holders. All details regarding the PYLNC distribution

(distribution dates,

conditions, partnering exchanges etc.) will be announced in the future.
The rewards from both of these mechanisms will be distributed in the same way, as shown
in the Fig.5. below: 80% Token Holders, 20% Maintenance.

Pylon Network Token Paper

11 of 17

Pylon Token Holders

Fig.5. Distribution of PYLNC benefits among Pylon Token Holders.

Pylon Token can be traded through online exchanges (see our website for available
exchanges) and can be stored in any ERC-20-compatible wallet (example: MyEtherWallet).

2.4.2. The Pyloncoin - PYLNC.
The Pyloncoin - PYLNC is a digital currency, which is created to reward the work done
by the nodes, that validate and maintain the neutral database supported by Pylon
Network's blockchain. At the same time, a part of the coins created goes to green energy
producers and prosumers (see "Light Nodes"), serving as an incentive/support mechanism
for those who invest in renewable energy generation technologies.
PYLNC has several utilities within the platform and the demand for coins will grow as more
users and renewable generation plants become integrated. This currency will be necessary
to perform a number of operations, like:

Pylon Network Token Paper

12 of 17

- Certifying the creation of a Pylon green label that will be completely integrated
within the Guarantees of Origin scheme - GoOs. Creating a market for the exchange
of digital GoOs with advanced green labelling mechanisms, powered by our blockchain
technology. This will integrate more accurate and granular information about the origin
(source) of energy together with other added-value infromation for each guarantee of
origin. For this service, a payment in PYLNC will be necessary as a premium service fee.

- Federate new Full Nodes within Pylon Network. The federation of every new Full Node
will be associated with a deposit in PYLNC that will be frozen during the time the actor
wants to participate and receive the PYLNC mining reward. In this way, the demand of
Pyloncoin will be related to the number of Full Nodes (energy stakeholders) that are part
of Pylon Network.

- Payment for services within Pylon Network community. Payments within the Pylon
Network ecosystem could be made in PYLNC (optional).
It should be noted that both PYLNT and PYLNC are exchanged freely in digital exchanges,
hence their price is determined by the market (demand & supply).
2.4.3. The Pylon Wallet.
Part of our eﬀorts towards the implementation of blockchain technology in the energy
sector is focused on overcoming the barriers set by the complexity of the technology. This
factor plays an important role in its success and adaptation into everyday aspects of our
lives.
Taking steps into that direction, Pylon Network oﬀers a digital wallet for PYLNC and PYLNT
holders, to create a seamless experience for the users of Pylon Network, supporting in that
way all transactions with the necessary infrastructure. More information about PYLNT &
PYLNC wallet will be released within the next few months.

Pylon Network Token Paper

13 of 17

3. BUILDING THE ECO-SYSTEM AS OUR MVP
The adaptation of blockchain technology in the energy sector requires demonstration of
real use cases - which can prove to be a challenging task for many reasons: one of them is
the nuance of the technology and the lack of concrete evidence in terms, both of technical
feasibility, as well as of the potential benefits (not to mention any regulatory challenges).
Another reason is the conservative mindset of the energy sector, unwilling to take any risks
that might jeopardize the security of supply of the cost and access to energy for the
consumers.
This is why we have always been focusing on demonstrating the technology - as a
necessary requirement for proving its feasibility and as the first step leading to its
widespread implementation.
We achieve that by creating an ecosystem with energy stakeholders that are already
oﬀering added-value services to consumers and that are willing to cooperate for the
integration of innovative services under a common, transparent marketplace of digital
services.
The following sections, explain in more detail, what we have achieved until today, in terms
of building the ecosystem of Pylon Network; an ecosystem of innovation, cooperation and
trust.
3.1. Demonstrated Technology (Pilot & Demo)
Demonstrating our technology within the real market and with real energy
stakeholders. Goiener is our pilot partner, a retailer cooperative from the Basque country.
The pilot project includes 100 users from their consumers, prosumers and large generator
and the development of a number of tools that focus on the interaction with their
consumers and the provision of digital services to helps them become more competitive as
market players and add more value to their customer propositions (e.g. green energy
certification, transparent and insightful billing).
Design thinking for end-user engagement: Through our close interaction with the
cooperative ecosystem and their active, engaged end-customers we have integrated their
invaluable perspective and preferences into our design process for the development of
Pylon Network, ensuring favorable conditions for end-user engagement with the technology
(rather than the current system that demands the consumer to become energy experts for
using such tools – or even interested in energy).

Pylon Network Token Paper

14 of 17

Engagement with customers and their active participation in the market: has been
identified by numerous analyses as the key for energy retailers and other energy
stakeholders to oﬀer added value services to their customers.

Blockchain code for the energy sector. Demonstrated code in a real environment with the
management of 10,000 users data.
Energy certification: oﬀering the tool to energy retailers, who wish to provide their
customers with valuable insight to trace where their energy comes from.
Access to data - as the first step to energy eﬃciency: in order for consumers to reduce
their consumption, they first need to understand it.
Consumer-driven open data - full transparency & full privacy: the end customers are in
control of their data and are able to share it with third-parties.
Consumer mobile application (Metron App): METRON mobile app (iOS & Google Play).
Consumer overview ("control panel"): Available on Website version.
Pyloncoin Blockchain explorer: available here.

3.2. Partners
Since the beginning of the project, we have closed agreements with diﬀerent hardware
and software manufacturers, as well as companies that fund, develop and manage
renewable generation assets. In that way we are building an ecosystem of energy
stakeholders, all aligned with our vision and our development/deployment strategy.
More information about the collaborations with such stakeholders can be found on our
website (see links provided the end).

Pylon Network Token Paper

15 of 17

DISCLAIMER
Risk of changes in Spanish or European legislation.
The Tokens have been issued in accordance with the Spanish legislation in force at the date of the first
WhitePaper (July 2017). The impact of any possible judicial resolution or of any possible change in Spanish
legislation or administrative practices can not be guaranteed after the date of the first WhitePaper (July 2017),
and any of these changes may significantly impair the price or capacity of the use of the tokens aﬀected by
these circumstances.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is necessary to point out that, at the date of the first WhitePaper (July 2017),
although both the CNMV and the diﬀerent European regulatory bodies had issued opinions and / or
recommendations regarding the legal concept of token, as well as Potential regulation of these and of the Initial
Coin Oﬀerings, when the ICO was launched, no national regulation or specific and harmonized regulatory
framework at European level on the tokens, its diﬀerent typology, or the Oﬀers Initials of Currency (Initial Coin
Oﬀerings), existed.
The PYLON team, however, has made every eﬀort to align itself with the criteria established in the CNMV press
release of February 8, 2018 and February 20 of the same year, on "warning of the risks of the called "ICOS"
https://www.cnmv.es/portal/verDoc.axd?t={d1d37c47-84fd-4a9b-8251-3186085e0c86}
■ http://cnmv.es/docportal/Legislacion/FAQ/QAsFinTech.pdf
■ http://cnmv.es/DocPortal/Fintech/CriteriosICOs.pdf
Risk of illiquidity and \ or lack of representation in the market.
It is possible that a trading market will not be established in relation to the Tokens at the time of issuance. If a
trading market is not developed or is not maintained, the market price and the liquidity of the tokens could be
adversely aﬀected. When a market develops, it may not be highly liquid. Therefore, it is possible that investors
can not sell their Tokens at a specific time or at favorable prices.
Risk of abrupt change in the valuation of tokens due to changes in the market.
The investor's tokens will initially be set at a price in euros. Once the token is issued, it will be oﬀered in markets
to diﬀerent currencies such as euro, ether, bitcoin, etc. However, once the tokens are available in the market,
there may be large fluctuations in the price for a large number of reasons beyond the competencies of
HORIZON ENERGY PROJECTS S.L, among which may be:
- Low valuation of the main currency of the platform used for the token, which can have a "drag" eﬀect to the
tokens issued in it.
- Generalized bearishness of the market where the value of the token can be influenced by this negative market
sentiment, even if the company and the project evolve fulfilling objectives.
Risk of loss of tokens by its owner or a third party
There are a variety of circumstances that can cause the total or partial loss of the tokens once they are handed
over to their owner and over which PYLON has no control, the following list being not exhaustive:
-The mistake of the owner of the tokens when supplying PYLON with a shipping address, resulting in that they
are sent to an address that the owner can not access.
-The loss of private keys and \ or seed and \ or password and \ or electronic device that gives access to tokens
by its owner
-The use of a hosting or custody service (including exchange) by the owner that is not trustworthy, does not
work properly, is stolen or represents a scam structure in itself and does not return the tokens to its owner once
he claims them.

Pylon Network Token Paper

16 of 17

REFERENCES
INTERNAL REFERENCES (PYLON NETWORK)
Website: https://pylon-network.org/
Github: https://github.com/klenergy/pyloncoin
Demo access: https://demo.pylon-network.org/angular/
Pylon Blockchain Explorer: https://chain.pylon-network.org/
Blog: https://pylon-network.org/blog
APP:
- (IOS) https://itunes.apple.com/es/app/metron-pylon-network/id1374459163?mt=8
- (Android) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.ionic.metronDapp

PYLON NETWORK CHANNELS:
Twitter: https://twitter.com/pylon_network
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/pylonnetwork
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/KlenergyTechOﬃcial/
Medium: https://medium.com/@pylonnetwork
Telegram:
- (ENG) https://t.me/pylonnetworkoﬃcialtelegram
- (SPA) https://t.me/pylonnetworkspanishchannel

Pylon Network Token Paper

17 of 17

