Qurito
Curiosity, Redefined!

Karmesh Maheshwari, Founder & CEO

Version 1.1

Last Updated: October 20th, 2017

Contents
1. Introduction
1.1
1.2
1.3
1.4

Introduction
Mission& Vision
Problems
Solutions

2. The QURO Token & Token Sale
2.1 QURO Token Introduction
2.2 QURO and QURITO Conversions
2.3 QURITO in the Platform
2.3.1 Earning QURITO’s on the Platform
2.3.2 Spending QURITO’s on the Platform

2.4 “Claim” QURITO
2.5 QURO’s to QURITO Exchange
2.6 Token Sale & Token Allocation
2.6.1
2.6.2

Prime Investors
Prime Promoters

3. The Qurito Platform Development
3.1 Platform Fundamentals & Planning
3.2 Importance of Machine Learning, AI & NLP
3.3 Roadmap

4. Contact Information

1. Introduction
1.1 Introduction
Qurito is a platform for people to discover, gain and share their
ideas and knowledge. The primary goal of Qurito is to deliver reliable
and valuable content that is free of promotional spam or other
various forms of unwanted content. As a result, the users of the
platform can grow and explore in an effective and efficient manner.
Qurito differs from other pre-existing knowledgebase platforms in a
unique way through an incentive program. Qurito incorporates a
rewarding system, which rewards users for their contributions
within the platform. This reward system will subsequently bring out
more qualitative and quantitative content that will be shared on the
platform.

1.2 Mission & Vision
Creating a platform for curious minds that are willing to share
knowledge, ideas and views in a way that is unlike any other preexisting platform. Qurito will be a common platform for people
around the globe to share their knowledge, experiences and ideas
while also being rewarded for the same. The aim is to create a
globalized platform where being curious and helpful can be
rewarding.

1.3 Problems
On many existing platforms, there is a lack of quality content
shared by people in the form of Q/A (Question and Answers), Polls
and Forums. These platforms also lack structure, making it nearly
impossible to quickly index and search for specific content. Lastly,

when using these platforms, you never know how reliable the
information is, especially because there is no incentive for giving
reliable and quality feedback.

1.4 Solutions
Qurito aims to solve these problems by bringing in quality
content by attracting more knowledgeable, idealistic, passionate and
curious people to the platform. Qurito will also reward users for their
contributions to the platform as gratitude for their service, which
directly increases the volume of qualitative content. Users of the
platform will also have a unique rating for how reliable their profile
is which will solve the ongoing issue of accountability that other
platforms lack. Maintaining easily indexable content using the latest
technologies (discussed in Section 3) will also enhance the overall
user experience within the platform.

2. The QURO Token
2.1 QURO Token Introduction
After undergoing a series of testing, consolidating our
platform’s needs, and doing extensive research, the team decided
that the Ethereum Platform was unquestionably our best choice.
Speed and scalability are two crucial factors that we want to promise
the users of Qurito, which Ethereum will ensure. Qurito will be run
using QURO tokens, which will be distributed in the token sale. QURO
tokens will have 18 Decimal Places, meeting the requirements of the
Ethereum platform. QURO tokens will be the driving force of the
platform and a QURITO will be a fraction of QURO, which will be used
platform wide. The QURITO can be used for a variety of tasks which
will be explained in Section 2.3.

2.2 QURO and QURITO Conversion
One (1) QURITO is 1/100 of one (1) QURO (See Below).

1 𝑄𝑈𝑅𝑂 = 100 𝑄𝑈𝑅𝐼𝑇𝑂! 𝑆
1 𝑄𝑈𝑅𝐼𝑇𝑂 = 0.01 𝑄𝑈𝑅𝑂

2.3 QURITO in the Platform
QURITO’s will be an integral part of major operations on the
platform. QURO tokens can be deposited into the main wallet and can
be changed for QURITO’s. Claiming QURO tokens from QURITO’s is
discussed more in Section 2.4. The derivation of QURITO virtual
token is to ensure scalability, security and stability within the
platform, which will also promote currency liquidity. The QURITO
has no face value outside the platform until it is converted back into a
QURO.

2.3.1 Earning QURITO tokens on the platform.

Teaching Courses
(Planned)

Earnings

Polls
(Participating &
Hosting)

User Activity on the
Platform

Questions

Answers, Likes,
Dislikes, Comments,
Favourites

Answers

Likes, Dislikes,
Favourites

Social Media and
Search Engine
Traffic

Forums

Create & Participate

QURITO’s can be earned in two prominent ways; User
Activity (Q/A, Polls, Forums) and Web Analytics (based on
Social Media and Search Engine Traffic). For example, a user
posts a Question, which over the course of time may receive an
influx of views, answers, likes and favorites. As a result, the
user who posted the question, or the users who provide
answers, may receive QURITO’s based on predefined
parameters and algorithms that will be designed, tested and
finalized by the team. The same holds true for Polls, Surveys,
Forums, and any other features within the platform. The
greater the contribution and traffic, the more QURITO’s that
will be rewarded.
2.3.2 Spending QURITO tokens on the platform.
There will be various ways in which a user can spend
QURITO’s within the platform. For example, a user can spend
QURITO’s tokens on the platform to “Feature” a Question in the
search results or the homepage, which will attract more views.
Although posting a Question is free, and always will be, paying
for Featured content will be an option for quick, efficient, and
rewarding answers. Polls, Forums, and Surveys will also have
the option to be featured as well. The user who has posted the

Question can also Feature a single answer from the numerous
answers. In this case, the user who provided the Answer will
earn QURITO’s.
More ways of spending QURITO’s over the platform are still
being tested and decided upon amongst our Developer team.
You will also have the option to tip and transfer amongst
wallets for those who wish to do so. We plan on sponsoring a
user-based voting session, to see what the community wants to
see within the platform.

Feature a Question

Feature a Poll

Spending
QURITO's
Creative
Advertisements

Taking Lessons
(Planned)

2.4 “Claim” QURITO
Content that is posted on the platform accrue QURITO’s over
time based on the criteria’s discussed in Section 2.3.1. A user can
withdraw the QURITO tokens from the main account balance at any
time. The ONLY exception is that each Question, Answer or Poll that
has generated QURITO’s over time, can only be claimed once. Once a
“Claim” has been initiated, the content will no longer generate
QURITO’s in the future, and the claimant’s main account is credited
with the QURITO’s earned until the date of the Claim.
[For Example, A user posted a Question one (1) year ago. Presently, the
Question has generated 600 QURITOS over the course of time. If the user
initiates a “Claim” on that Question, the generated 600 QURITOS are
transferred to the main wallet account and the Question no longer generates
QURITO’s further. A Question continues to generate QURITO’s based on
factors discussed in Section 2.3.1 until and unless a “Claim” has been
initiated. The same rules will apply for all planned and unplanned
forthcoming features.]

2.5 QURO’s to QURITO Exchange
All QURITO’s claimed will be stored in the main account
balance within your wallet. The QURITO’s can be changed for QURO’s
anytime but a minimum balance of 100 QURITO’s is mandatory for
processing and incorporates a 1% fee.
Likewise, a user can add QURO’s to the account and change
them to QURITO’s, per the conversion discussed in Section 2.2, to
use them platform wide. Adding QURITO’s to the account
incorporates no addition fee.
[For Section 2.4 and 2.5 – Please note that a “Claim” doesn’t initiate the removal
of the Question/Answer/Poll from the Portal. It just exempts the entity from further
earnings based on factors discussed in 2.3.1. All QURITO tokens earned are
completely based on the factors discussed in 2.3.1 as well. The exact parameters
are still being researched and are not decided upon yet until we know what works
best for our users. The parameters and the QURITO to QURO conversion fees are
subject to minor change in the platform in the future if required.]

2.6 Token Sale & Token Allocation
The Token Sale will take place in two major phases which can
be seen in the figure below. Dynamic token pricing is also clearly
mentioned in the corresponding time duration. Tokens will be
allotted as soon as possible after all required payment confirmations
are met. Tokens can be withdrawn only after the end of the Token
Sale, the same will be communicated through our official channels.

Phases of Token Sale:

Token Sale
(2 Months)

Pre Sale
Approx 1 Month (0.05 USD/
Token)

Main Sale
Approx 1 Month (0.1 USD/
Token)

Please refer our website for all the detailed info and the exact dates.
Token Allocation:
Purpose

Tokens

Token Sale
Reserved for Platform-wide utilization
Developers & Foundation Building
Promotions, Rewards & Bonuses
TOTAL

250M
250M
80M
20M
600M

The distribution of tokens can be clearly seen in the above
table. A total of 600M Tokens will be issued with a Hard Cap of 25M
USD. The Token Sale ends once the Hard Cap is reached, or until the
ICO ends. All unsold tokens will be burned.
Tokens Reserved for Platform-wide use will only be utilized
within the platform over time. At the end of the token sale, for the
percentage of unsold tokens, the same percentage of tokens will be
burnt in the Platform wide token reserve. Information about
Promotions, Rewards and Bonuses will be shared via the
communication channels.

2.6.1 Prime Investors
The Top 20 Investors at the end of the Crowdsale are
invited to the Prime Investor’s board. Prime Investors will
receive bonus tokens at the end of the Crowdsale after a
complete audit is done. The Prime Investors leaderboard
will be displayed during the main sale in the Prime
Investors section of the crowd sale website.
The Bonus allocations can be seen in the below table.
Rankings
1 to 5
6
7
8
9
10
11-15
16-20
TOTAL

Bonuses (tokens)
1000000 (each)
800000
750000
700000
650000
600000
400000 (each)
200000 (each)
11500000

2.6.2 Prime Promoters
Although we appreciate all types of healthy promotion of
the platform, Prime Promoters will be the people or
communities promoting our platform in a creative and
effective way. Prime promoters will be rewarded based on
their volume and the quality of promotional activities with
respect to the criterions finalized by the Promotions
Department. The Department will communicate directly via
communication channels. A Registration and verification is
required for enrolling in the Prime Promoters program and
the same will be notified via dedicated communication
channels. Enroll yourself at promotions@qurito.io.

IMPORTANT POINTS
1) The minimum and maximum allocations for purchasing during the
Crowdsale is between 1000 and 5,000,000 QURO’s (not factoring
in rewards).
2) Any unsold tokens in the Token Sale will be burnt. An audited
report will be released within 2-3 weeks after the Tokens Sale.
3) For the number of tokens that go unsold and burnt in the Token
Sale, a matching amount will be burnt in the Platform wide token
allocation.
4) Adjustments can be made in the token allocations in other
branches based on the Token Sale results as per the phases. In
case of any such decision, the same will be communicated.
5) Any unused tokens in the Promotions, Rewards and Bonuses will
be added in the Developers & Foundation Fund after applying the
burnout if required.
6) Token Distribution will start after the end of Token Sale. Token
Transfer to private wallets will be possible only after that. The
same will be communicated in the portal.

3. The Qurito Platform Development
3.1 Platform Fundamentals & Planning
The Platform Development is planning to equip the latest and
futuristic technologies. The same has been planned over the course of
12 months taking into consideration all the technicalities and
important factors such as; Design (an outstanding UI & an
unforgettable UX), Programming a powerful backend engine, Hosting
the content over a popular and reliable platform. Modern and Smart
Technologies like Machine Learning and AI are planned to be tightly
incorporated with the system. SEO will enable maximum content
outreach. The detailed internal technicalities are hidden to
ensure platform security.
Moreover, Design will be given the foremost importance in the
entire development cycle. The plan is to build a responsive web
application ideal for cross-platform and mobile applications. We plan
on offering iOS and Android apps at a later time.

3.2 Importance of Machine Learning, AI &
NLP
Machine Learning and AI will play major role in the platform,
aiming to increase user engagement, populating and loading related
content and other various features. Collaboration of NLP, with the
above mentioned Smart Technologies, will help us achieve a more
prestigious userbase, ensuring quality content delivery, by
continuous filtering of; spam, irrelevant, unwanted content shared on
the platform.

3.3 Timeline
May, 2017
July, 2017
November &
December, 2017
January, 2018*
January, 2018*
June, 2018*
August, 2018*

Planning and Initial Team Building
Technical and Market Research,
Building Task Forces prior to ICO
Crowd funding via ICO & Token Sale
Shifting Office Premises &
Work Force Recruitment
Platform Development Begins
Platform Release in Beta Version (for Testing)
(Investors registered in Beta Testing Program
will be invited to join)
Final Platform Public Release

(* Dates are subject to extension in case of unavoidable circumstances. Please check the
roadmap on the Official Website for the exact dates. Keep subscribed to our
communication channels to stay updated.)

5. Contact Information
Feel free to reach us out. Our team is there to help you on the below
platforms.
Website: http://www.qurito.io
Telegram: https://t.me/qurito
Email: info@qurito.io
support@qurito.io
Bitcoin Talk: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2175903
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/qurito
Twitter: https://twitter.com/QuritoOfficial

