Radium Core: An Identity Management and
Information Validity System
Justin Jacobeen
JustinJ100@gmail.com

Preface​. This paper assumes a previous understanding of blockchain technology,
Proof-Of-Work, and Proof-Of-Stake. For more information on these topics, read the Bitcoin
whitepaper, (​Nakamoto, 2008) and the Black Coin Proof-of-Work explanation (Earls, 2017).
1. Introduction
Blockchain technology provides a powerful new protocol for trustless data validation and
verification. Bitcoin popularized this technology by creating a decentralized system to validate
the history and authenticity of financial transactions. Much of the subsequent development
around blockchain continued to focus on various implementation of financial systems, with little
attention to other types of data validation. While projects that support non-currency uses of
blockchain technology exist, substantial technical skill is required, rendering them inaccessible
for many people. The Radium Project was founded to explore and develop non-financial types
of data validation, and to make these functions available to the non-technical consumer. It is our
goal to create an intuitive interface that provides users with access to a wide range of
blockchain based functions. Currently, we are developing a suite of identity management,
voting, and information validation tools.
2. Radium Blockchain
The Radium platform uses a Proof-Of-Stake blockchain based on Blackcoin, which was chosen
as a energy efficient alternative to Proof of Work used by Bitcoin. While Bitcoin generates new
blocks by the expenditure of computational resources (Nakamoto, 2008) Radium generates new
coins by splitting groups of coins held in individual wallets (Earls, 2017). As the balance of a
wallet increases, so does the probability of generating the next block in the chain, and claiming
the block reward. For the scope of this paper, a person attempting to generate new Radium
blocks in order to claim the reward will be known as a “staker”.
2.1 Spread Fees
All transactions on the block chain require the sender to pay a small transaction fee. This fee is
intended to supplement the reward of the block in which the transaction is contained and to

incentivize stakers to continue supporting the network. We theorize that because transaction
fees may occur infrequently, each individual staker will have a low probability of generating a
block with additional transaction fees. Unlike most blockchains where the transaction fees are
included in the single block that contains the transaction, Radium spreads the fees over 1440
blocks. This helps to level the playing field, and allow smaller wallets a better chance at
receiving a share of the transaction fees.
3. Radium SmartChain
Radium SmartChain is the second component of the Radium system. It is a second layer of
data within the Radium blockchain that contains all of the functions and validation information
required for Radium’s non-financial applications. Information is added to the SmartChain using
specially formulated transactions with null data (op_return outputs) capable of storing
information without impacting volatile memory usage (​Apodaca 2017)​.
3.1 Identities
Today’s online ecosystem is full of imposters, scammers, and hackers using fake websites,
profiles, and identities for various nefarious purposes. Not only does this make it hard to avoid
these malicious actors, it becomes challenging to locate authentic websites, retailers, and other
online entities with whom a person would want to interact.
Radium Identities allow users to manage their own online presence in a way that creates a
historical record of their activities secured in the blockchain in order to establish a pattern of
trusted behavior. After creating an identity, a user can use that identity with all other Radium
functions, including file signing and voting.
3.2 File signatures
Today’s cyber-threat landscape poses a difficult problem for all organizations that need to safely
and efficiently distribute digital files such as software and media. Security compromises resulting
in unintentional distribution of malicious files can seriously damage an organization’s reputation,
and can result in a lack of trust and loss of users.
Traditional methods of validating a file download are cumbersome and require that the user
generate a checksum and manually compare the result with a checksum provided by the
publisher. Using a combination of traditional file validation and blockchain signatures, Radium
enables users to mark particular files as official or valid by signing them with a known Radium
identity. Download providers, such as developers and digital media distributors can sign their
offerings, allowing customers to prove that the files, programs, or media delivered are genuine
and have not been altered by malicious actors in the delivery process. Consumers can then

quickly validate files and receive an immutable, blockchain secured record about the origin of a
file, who produced it, and at what time.
3.3 Voting
From the time voting was first introduced in Greece by Cleisthenes in 508 BC, voting has served
as the cornerstone of the democratic decision making process. Unfortunately, many voting
systems have been difficult to secure and scale, leading to recounts, contested results, and
accusations of fraud. Radium Elections is a blockchain-based voting platform designed to
restore confidence, transparency, and integrity to the voting process. All election data and votes
are recorded on-chain, allowing for near-time observation, counting, and verification by any third
party running the SmartChain application. Radium Elections are designed for applications
ranging from project management and club votes, to political elections and shareholder voting.
Simple, reliable and secure voting systems are a cornerstone of free governance, and the
Radium Elections platform is available to anyone with a Radium Identity.
Real time voting results can be viewed while voting is in progress and final results are available
immediately after the election closes. The election results, including individual votes, will remain
secured in the Radium Blockchain and visible indefinitely.
3.4 Text notes
Placing text into a blockchain is not a new idea. Having a platform that makes it simple and easy
is. Radium Notes users can insert small text notes directly into the Radium blockchain. Notes
can be used to make predictions, endearments, or any other type of public statement that needs
both security and immutability.
4.0 Funding
From its beginning, the Radium Project has been funded solely by the developers and through
donations of generous community members. The blockchain was launched with a fair
Proof-Of-Work distribution phase before transitioning to Proof-Of-Stake. There was no premine,
and no funds set aside for development. At the beginning the project was sustained by
volunteer developers, as well as community members contributing to cover hosting and other
infrastructure costs.
Unfortunately, this model has not proven to be sustainable, and the project found itself in need
of funding. The idea of a development fund, funded by a percentage of the block reward, was
brought to the community and approved using the existing blockchain voting system.

4.1 Development Fund
The Radium Development fund will be a 5 of 12 multi-signature address, with keys held by the
core developers as well as several long-standing community members. Approximately every 7
days, a lump sum of tokens equal to 12% of the total network generation for that period will be
created and sent directly to the development fund.. The funds will be used primarily for, but not
limited to hiring additional developers, legal counsel, and paying for infrastructure such as
hosting and virtual servers.
All major disbursements will be put to a vote, allowing community members the opportunity to
approve or disapprove the proposed use of funds. Disbursements from the fund will require five
signatures from the keyholders in order for the funds to be sent from the multi-signature
address.
If excessive tokens reside in the development fund, they can either be destroyed or returned to
the stakers using the Spread Fee protocol. In the event the coins are to be burned, they will be
sent as a null data output, rendering them unspendable. If the tokens are to be returned to the
stakers, they will be spent in a series of high-fee transactions, causing the block rewards to
increase for a period of 24 or more hours.
5.0 Conclusion
This paper has described an identity management and information validity system built upon a
Proof-Of-Work blockchain. We discussed the goal of making these and other non-financial
blockchain secured functions available to the general public. Included was a explanation of how
Identities, File signatures, Voting, and Text notes interact to form the complete Radium system.
The financial status including the fair Proof-Of-Work launch and need for additional funding was
discussed along with the proposal of supporting future development by placing 12% of total
tokens generated into a development fund.

Citations
Nakamoto, S. (2008). ​Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System​.
Earls, J. (2017, July 27). The missing explanation of Proof of Stake Version 3. Retrieved
May 22, 2018, from
http://earlz.net/view/2017/07/27/1904/the-missing-explanation-of-proof-of-stake-v
ersion
Apodaca, R. (2017, September). OP_RETURN and the Future of Bitcoin. Retrieved
from https://bitzuma.com/posts/op-return-and-the-future-of-bitcoin/

