RET
Contents:
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
I. INTRODUCTION
1. Blockchain
2. Smart Contract 1.0
3. The problem of current blockchain and smart contract 1.0

II. VISION AND SOLUTION OF REALTRACT
1. Blockchain 4.0 with high performance
2. Introducing SMART CONTRACT 2.0:

III. STRUCTURE AND TECHNOLOGY OF REALTRACT
1. pBFT (Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance)
2. Introducing Infinity Block Graphs
3. Multi-layer Chain
4. SupplyChain and MainChain
5. Cross Chain Communication
6. RealTract Network

IV. SMART CONTRACT 2.0
1. Overview
2. Operational mechanism
3. Proof of Result (PoR)

V. APPLICATION OF REALTRACT AND SMART CONTRACT 2.0
(PRACTICAL SMART CONTRACT)

1

VI. REALTRACT TOKEN
VII. ROADMAP
VIII. PLAN
IX. TEAM
X. REFERENCES

2

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
This whitepaper describes how RealTract is going to disrupt and transform the
blockchain industry and cryptocurrency market with the launch of the first practical
smart contract in the world. RealTract is going to launch Smart Contract 2.0 on the
Blockchain 4.0. RealTract aims to create a truly democratic and decentralized blockchain
enabling common users to get the benefits from the blockchain technology and digital
currencies.
There are many technical difficulties around blockchain core technologies, which need
breakthroughs and out of box thinking. At present, the infrastructure to support
development of blockchain applications is unstable and time consuming. There are a
number of major problems related with the current blockchain and smart contracts such
as Low transaction throughput, Energy costs, Difficult to use, Uncompetitive
Applications, low Transaction speed, Transaction fees, Issues of interoperability and
Platform lock-in, lack of robust security for smart contract 1.0, etc.
The current blockchain architecture and technologies along with application scenario
are limited by performance, applicability and stability of the underlying chain. Therefore,
there is an urgent need to study the underlying mechanism of Blockchain, and redesign
or improve the various key technologies of blockchain to solve the various associated
problems.
RealTract aims to solve the problems such as low applicability, transaction congestion,
high commissions, long confirmation latency, weak resistance to quantum attacks, slow
communication and transactions, incapability in crossing and merging chains, large
space for storage and etc. RealTract would optimize and improve blockchain
technology in all aspects including protocols and mechanisms, and become a genuine
infrastructure of Blockchain 4.0.

3

Blockchain 4.0 uses a multilayered architecture which provides a solution to the issues
faced by current blockchains such as the lack of scalability and low transaction
throughput rate. Blockchain 4.0 incorporates many advance features like dynamical
sharding functions for transaction scaling. Blockchain 4.0 is secure, fast, scalable, and
versatile.
The goal of RealTract is to create a trustless and decentralized system in which
transactions are similar to real-world transactions. RealTract accomplishes it by
designing its network as a multi-layer blockchain. Multi-layer chain has basically two
layers viz. SupplyChain and MainChain. SupplyChain is the place to store the temporary
transactions and in the pending order of the smart contract. MainChain is the place for
recording and saving all the completed transactions, the information of contracts that
have ended and user-encrypted information. It provides enhanced transaction speed,
extended storage space and increased security with Proof of Truth (PoT) and Proof of
Stake (PoS) algorithms. Moreover, it will inevitably make sure that it does not depend
on the miners, inexpensive energy, and avoids attacking 51%.
Infinity Block Graphs (IBG) technology with infinite scalability helps keep transactions
from overloading, speeding up transactions to 2 million TPS, bringing down the costs
to nearly zero, and ensuring absolute security.
With the ability to create a deal, contracts can be applied more effectively in reality by
adding: creation of multiple conditions, and the time of the contract. RealTract Smart
Contract 2.0 is a significant improvement over the Ethereum smart contract 1.0 that is
prevalent at present. In addition to maintaining the excellent operating mechanism of
the older version, smart contract 2.0 adds conditions and algorithms to completely
protect the interests of the parties, when participating in the transaction.
The Proof of Result (PoR) algorithm is included in the RealTract smart contract as a tool
for evaluating and documenting the credibility of the parties involved in the contract. It

4

also increases the security for the transaction parties. PoR is also a tool to handle
disputes between the parties or the buyers and the sellers.
The cryptocurrency market has shown amazing growth in 2017 with the market
capitalization crossing the half a trillion mark. Yet, after scaling new heights, there was
drastic decline in the market. The main reason is the narrow base of the cryptocurrency
market among the general public. RealTract's offering of Smart Contract 2.0 on the
Blockchain 4.0 would greatly increase the user base of the cryptocurrency market and
blockchain usage. As the number of users would increase hugely, the price volatility of
the cryptocurrency market would also reduce thanks to the expanded huge base of
cryptocurrency and blockchain investors and users.
With the introduction of RealTract tokens (RET) as the digital currency for the
cryptocurrency users, RealTract will be uniquely positioned to utilize its token and smart
contract framework in conjunction with its revolutionary platform to solve the problems
hampering the blockchain industry and cryptocurrency market. We plan RealTract
crowdsale to fund our futuristic and pioneering platform. RealTract token (RET) tokens
would initially be built on the popular ERC-20 standard. The ERC-20 standard allows
RET tokens to immediately work with all the apps that conform to the standard. We
would swap ERC-20 standard after the completion of RealTract Mainnet. Out of the
total supply of the 100 billion RET tokens; the supply in circulation would be 35 billion
tokens or 35% of the total tokens.
Our meticulous business plan, committed team, and technological innovations and
breakthroughs would produce enormous gains in value for the investors in the coming
future.

5

I. INTRODUCTION

1. Blockchain
Blockchain is an open, transparent, and distributed ledger that can record the
transactions between two parties or a group in an efficient, permanent and verifiable
way. Blockchain is a continuously growing list of digital records, called blocks, which are
linked and secured using the cryptography processes. Each block contains a hash
pointer as a link to a previous block, transaction data and a timestamp. Blockchains are
secure by design and inherently resistant to the modification of the data.
Blockchain formation is based on a lengthy and time consuming process. The main
chain consists of the longest series of the blocks from the genesis block to the current
block. The blocks existing outside of the main chain are orphan blocks and have little
relevance or no value in the system.
For use as an effective distributed ledger, a blockchain is managed by a peer-to-peer
network that collectively adheres to a specific protocol for validating the new blocks.
Once recorded, the data stored in any given block cannot be changed retroactively
without changing all the subsequent blocks, which requires collaboration of the network
majority. Thus, any unilateral or unauthorized changes are next to impossible.
Blockchain is based on a design that prevents the owner of a currency token from
committing a fraud by spending it twice. The first spend is recorded publically for all to
see, so no one would accept a second spend.
Decentralized consensus is achieved with a blockchain. This makes blockchains
potentially suitable for the recording of events, medical records, and other records
management activities, such as identity management, transaction processing,
documenting provenance, voting, or various other phenomena.

6

Blockchain is leading to a sea-change in the internet's evolution, from the internet of
information to the internet of value with its capabilities to generate unprecedented
opportunities to create value. To stay functional, it needs a lot of computing power and
continuous innovation. In 2017, despite the cryptocurrency boom, there was a limited
spread in the reach of the cryptocurrency and blockchain in terms of the common
masses due to complex technical issues and time consuming processes.

2. Smart Contract 1.0
Smart contract basically refers to the self-executing computer program or protocol to
digitally facilitate, verify, and enforce the performance of a contract automatically as per
the rules defined in the contract without third parties under specified conditions. Smart
contract has become very popular with the advent of decentralized blockchain network.
A smart contract is a special protocol intended to contribute, verify or implement the
negotiation or performance of the contract. Smart contracts allow performing credible
transactions without third parties. These transactions are publically traceable and
irreversible.
Smart contracts contain all the information about the contract terms and execute all
envisaged actions automatically. The terms of the agreement between buyer and seller
are directly written into the lines of code existing across a distributed and decentralized
blockchain network.
At first, assets and contract terms are coded and put into the block of a Blockchain. This
contract is distributed and copied multiple times between the nodes of the platform.
After the trigger happens, the contract is performed in accordance with the contract
terms. The program checks the implementation of the commitments automatically.
For creating a smart contract you need subject of the contract with the program having
access to goods or services under contract to lock and unlock them automatically,
contract terms in the form of an exact sequence of operations, participants initiate an

7

agreement by signing the contract with their private keys, and deployment of the
contract to the decentralized blockchain platform and distributed among the nodes of
the platform.
There are numerous applications and usage of the smart contracts like logistics and
supply chain, financial services, bank systems, insurance, real estate, IoT, voting results
data in the encrypted and anonymous form in the blockchain eliminating manipulation
possibilities, and so on. Blockchains and smart contracts can solve areas of business
and general life that frustrate the users like the flawed banking system and dysfunctional
global payments system.
NASDAQ is piloting a stock exchange off blockchain technology. Microsoft launched
blockchain as a service last year. Smaller companies are building dozens of apps on
blockchain. According to CoinDesk, a couple in Singapore recorded their prenup on a
blockchain, specifying that “every 10 days, 100 minutes must be spent on a date night,
that shopping sprees shall be limited to once per fortnight, and so on.

Smart contracts provide various benefits of blockchain technology such as:



Automation: The various processes are automated through programming.



Economy: The costs are reduced as intermediaries are eliminated.



Security: The smart contract is well encrypted and distributed among network
nodes, guaranteeing that it will not be lost or changed without proper
authorization.



Standardization: There is a very wide range of various types of smart contracts
available at present and they have been standardized as well.



Customization: You can choose a standard smart contract template and
change it according to your needs.

8

3. The problem of current blockchain and smart
contract 1.0
There are many technical difficulties around blockchain core technologies, which need
breakthroughs and out of box thinking. At present, the infrastructure to support
development of blockchain applications is unstable and time consuming. Thus many
applications are not effective. It is imperative to make research and development on
blockchain infrastructure, thus providing reliable support for various blockchain
applications, as well as promoting implementation of blockchain applications in all kinds
of industries in order to make blockchain technology more effective in serving mankind.
The major problems related with the current blockchain and smart contracts are as
follows:
 Low transaction throughput: Performance is one of main challenges for current
blockchain technology. The current blockchain platforms and applications have
a low transaction throughput. Bitcoin is designed to handle only seven
transactions per second, and Ethereum can only handle a few more.
As the current blockchains are simple concatenations of single data entities state
changes; reconstructing the actual states of these entities implies a whole chain
scan, which causes an even greater system slowdown and resources usage. This
slowness is caused by the lack of horizontal scalability, i.e. the increase of
computation capacity obtained by merely adding processors. The current
blockchain safety mechanism is designed to prevent anyone from taking over
the majority of the clusters by making it very expensive to achieve in terms of
calculation power and/or cost. This causes the problems of scalability and low
transaction throughput.
 Ability of extension: Upgrading blockchain networks poses serious challenges. All
nodes on a blockchain network must validate the same blocks. It is therefore
impossible for any subset of parties to freely upgrade to a new protocol without

9

affecting the rest of the network; or permanently detaching from it by forking the
chain. Simple chains of data are not flexible enough to fulfill emerging needs, in
which complex data structures need to be organized. At the same time, those
structures need to be validated and made immutable with blockchain-based
techniques, increasing traceability and security.
 Energy costs, depending on the miners: The threshold for current blockchain has
been rising, which is reflected not only as a higher requirement of technical
performance, but also as increasingly fierce competition of computing power.
Particularly in the early era of Bitcoin mining, the personal computer alone could
easily mine the coin. Later, mining became more demanding of a computer’s
performance. This led to emergence of specialized mining computers. As a result,
there is an increasing requirement of nodes. Most of which, are controlled by a
select number of mining pools. This further isolates the blockchain from the
masses. Moreover, the heavy energy consumption also has adverse impact on
environment, which is a major cause of concern in today's world.
 Difficult to use: Today’s blockchain applications are built for the tech people
who know how to use them, rather than common users. Nearly all blockchain
applications require users to either run a blockchain node or install a light node.
It takes a long time for users to adapt to application. To attract large number of
people, blockchain applications need to be as simple as today’s Internet and
mobile apps. Blockchain technology should be easy to understand and use for
the consumer.
 Uncompetitive Applications: The current consumer applications must be able to
handle tens of millions of active users daily. In addition, some applications will
only become valuable when certain throughput is reached. The platform itself
must be able to handle a large number of concurrent users. A fine experience
demands reliable feedback within only seconds. Long latency frustrates users and
makes applications built on blockchains less competitive with existing nonblockchain alternatives.

10

 Attack potential 51%: High volume crypto-assets platforms are constantly
attacked by hackers who seek to bring the systems down, typically through DDoS
attacks. Fraudsters also try to break into accounts using social engineering to
steal cryptocurrencies from users. Many high-volume platforms could not
withstand these attacks and were forced to shut down. It is estimated that since
2011, at least three dozen major heists against cryptocurrency exchanges
occurred. Close to 1 million BTCs were stolen.
 Transaction speed: Bitcoin, based on first-generation blockchains and Proof of
Work algorithm for transaction validation, and the second generation Ethereum
based on the smart-contracts-enabled blockchains, are extremely low energy
efficiency with low block validation speed and transactions per block. The thirdgeneration and the fourth generation blockchain solutions, using techniques like
Proof-of-Stake validation algorithm, off-chain routing, graph-chains, and
complete or partial centralization, are still not able to solve the issues of
scalability, speed, and energy consumption.
 Transaction fee: The traditional systems involve high transaction fees resulting
from high costs due to low transaction speed and low throughput. Even simple
applications can slow down the Ethereum based platform and increase
transaction fees dramatically.
The high cost of using blockchain technology is a major barrier to mass adoption.
It also limits developers who need the flexibility to build free services. Just like
today’s Internet and mobile Apps, there is no need to pay for every operation
during blockchain transaction. Similar to the Internet, blockchain technology
should be able to support free applications. Making blockchain free to use is key
to its widespread adoption. A free platform will also empower developers and
businesses to create valuable new services they can monetize, rather than having
users pay fees to use the blockchain network.
Issues of interoperability and Platform lock-in: The current blockchains have
critical platform lock-in problems. Developers have to decide which blockchain
to develop, and then implement platform-specific code, which makes it very

11

difficult to switch an application to another Blockchain. Developers don’t want
to be locked into working with a certain blockchain technology. They need
freedom to evaluate, use, and switch between options. Some applications may
even need to run on multiple platforms to provide best user experience.
 The security of smart contract 1.0 (Weakness): The security measures stop at data
level as they don’t ensure user safety, making it impossible to recover lost or
stolen coins and tokens even if they are located on the chain, or to block
malicious accounts.
 The practical application of smart contract 1.0.
 The current smart contracts now, typically the Ethereum smart contract, is

called smart contract 1.0. Although it is most commonly used in today's
ICOs and has realized its enormous potential, but its applicability in the
real world is too low:
 Smart contract 1.0 works on the basis of the principle of one step

operation. For instance:
o A create a contract to receive property and distribution of
assets to B,
o B transfers property to A
o A receives property of B,
o B receives property of A.
But this creates practical difficulties and awkward situations. Imagine a
practical application to the situation:
“You buy a house. When the seller has received the money, you own the

house and find the serious damage in the concrete frame, the walls have
heavy cracks, and the seller just covered your eyes when you came to see

12

the house only 1-2 times. If you know that, would you be ready to buy that
house?”
o Actually, A makes the contract,
o B transfers the money to A; but still needs the conditions to
ensure that product is correct and fulfills B’s expectations.
 Too many third parties use smart contract 1.0 on the Ethereum platform

to provide real services that render the reliability and performance of the
user perturbed with unverified information.

Smart contracts in the present form have some deficiencies like
 Slow Speed: The processes related to smart contracts are complex and

lead to slow execution.
 High implementation costs.
 Complex and lengthy programming/coding.
 Lack of arbitration and conflict resolution in case of dispute/problems.
 Human involvement as the code is written by people leading to mistakes

like DAO developers’s mistakes in the code caused huge losses to the
users and the company.

The current blockchain architecture and technologies along with application scenario
are limited by performance, applicability and stability of the underlying chain. Therefore,
there is an urgent need to study the underlying mechanism of Blockchain, and redesign
or improve the various key technologies of blockchain to solve the problems such as
transaction congestion, high transaction fees, long confirmation latency, weak antiquantum attack capability, low anonymity of communication and transaction, weak

13

crossing and merging chain capability, large storage space, etc. The current blockchain
technology problems have to be solved effectively and expeditiously.

II. VISION AND SOLUTION OF
REALTRACT
Admittedly, blockchain in general and smart contract in particular is a big step forward
for the mankind. But go first does not mean being all good; seeing the weaknesses of
the current blockchain platforms in terms of scalability, speed and performance.
RealTract is born as a thorough solution to the disadvantages of the existing blockchain
and the current smart contract, adding and improving technologies to help put
blockchain and smart contract into real life applications effectively and efficiently.
RealTract is doing a lot of R&D for your convenience and perfecting the smart contacts
to develop the highly optimized Smart Contract 2.0 in order to provide the maximum
benefits in terms of the fast execution speed,

cost-effectiveness, security,

standardization and customization. Moreover, the solution is being developed on the
Blockchain 4.0 platform that will provide many hitherto facilities in terms of convenience,
speed, and security.
RealTract aims to solve the problems such as low applicability, transaction congestion,
high commissions, long confirmation latency, weak resistance to quantum attacks, slow
communication and transactions, incapability in crossing and merging chains, large
space for storage and etc. RealTract would optimize and improve blockchain
technology in all aspects including protocols and mechanisms, and become a genuine
infrastructure of Blockchain 4.0. Also, RealTract would provide a platform for developing
various DApps (distributed Apps), as well as feasible solutions to create Smart Contracts
2.0. RealTract focuses on core technology of blockchain infrastructure and platform.

14

Our goal is to build an infrastructure conquering current key technical problems and
supporting all domain applications in terms of ecological view.
RealTract aims to implement a real practical and powerful support mechanism for
blockchain, and provide the infrastructure for all kinds of blockchain based applications,
and an underlying development platform for all kinds of DApps and practical and
feasible solutions for constructing the global blockchain of future.
The RealTract uses the following elements to solve the current problems of blockchain
industry:

1. Blockchain 4.0 with high performance:
 Blockchain 4.0 uses a multilayered architecture which provides a solution to the

issues faced by current blockchains such as the lack of scalability and low
transaction throughput rate. Blockchain 4.0 incorporates many advance features
like dynamical sharding functions for transaction scaling. Blockchain 4.0 is secure,
fast, scalable, and versatile.
 One of the strengths of this technology is indeed speed, thanks to its ability to

run different transactions parallel to each other and the split-rejoin mechanism
of our blockchain. These features allow for greater horizontal scalability, and
increase processing transactions capacity adding additional computational
power to the existing one, making each node count, performance-wise.
The main chain is able to optimize its structures by splitting autonomously in
multiple subchains, according to requested resources and data streams,
parallelizing the work across multiple threads and nodes. This chain-split process
is executed until the normalization of workloads, when, still autonomously, the
chain becomes whole again. All of this is possible due to mechanisms allowing
every block of the chain to validate two different sub-chains from two different

15

incoming links. This subdivision permits higher processing speed of transactions,
as data queries will impact only subchain nodes, optimizing each step.
 Infinity Block Graphs (IBG) technology with infinite scalability helps keep

transactions from overloading, speeding up transactions to 2 million TPS,
bringing down the costs to nearly zero, and ensuring absolute security.
 Multi-layer chain: It has basically two layers viz. SupplyChain and MainChain.

SupplyChain is the place to store the temporary transactions and in the pending
order of the smart contract (transaction of property lock during contract
execution). MainChain is the place for recording and saving all the completed
transactions, the information of contracts that have ended and user-encrypted
information. It provides enhanced transaction speed, extended storage space
and increased security with Proof of Truth (PoT) and Proof of Stake (PoS)
algorithms. Moreover, it will inevitably make sure that it does not depend on the
miners, inexpensive energy, and avoids attacking 51%.
 One important feature of the technology is High Availability: the chance of

relying on a cluster type that ensures continuity of services even in case of
shutdown of some nodes in the network. This way, in case of multiple node
failure, the cluster will autonomously reorganize data distribution communicating
with every node, until complete operational recovery.
 It is also eco-friendly as it requires lower computational power and less energy

for cryptographic validation and does not depend on mining (Proof-of-Work), a
huge waste of power and resources.

2. Introducing Smart Contract 2.0:
 With the ability to create a deal, contracts can be applied more effectively in

reality by adding: creation of multiple conditions, and the time of the contract.
RealTract Smart Contract 2.0 is a significant improvement over the Ethereum

16

smart contract 1.0 that is prevalent at present. In addition to maintaining the
excellent operating mechanism of the older version, smart contract 2.0 adds
conditions and algorithms to completely protect the interests of the parties, when
participating in the transaction.
 The Proof of Result (PoR) algorithm is included in the RealTract smart contract as

a tool for evaluating and documenting the credibility of the parties involved in
the contract. It also increases the security for the transaction parties. PoR is also
a tool to handle disputes between the parties or the buyers and the sellers.
 Improving the enforceability, security and legality of transactions. Our solution

based on the highly advanced Blockchain 4.0, will be able to manage complex
data scenarios, will allow people to implement any kind of application on our
technology, ensuring worldwide institutional, governmental, financial and
industrial diffusion, bringing the whole blockchain universe one step forward.

RealTract will use optimized data structure, a new data structure derived from DAG
(directed acyclic graph) is proposed, which greatly reduces storage space required by
nodes and improves efficiency and security of data storage.
We will design and use an efficient and secure consensus mechanism, which supports
high transaction concurrency, fast confirmation, and building eco-systems for different
application scenarios. By connecting with various application scenarios, RealTract can
cooperate with various kinds of service providers and application providers to support
commercial organizations or government agencies to build chain application systems
according to business characteristics and requirements.
The technology base of blockchain is distributed network architecture, so RealTract
would focus on it in the R&D. Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG) is a great solution, and we
use DAG chain. In DAG, there is no process for packing blocks, but users confirm each
other, which can greatly reduce transaction confirmation duration. RealTract technology
based on DAG data structures would provide blockchain systems that are more efficient,
scalable, highly interoperable, and offer a better user experience.

17

Recently, Blockchain 4.0 technology has started attracting the attention of industry and
top-notch businessmen/entrepreneurs. It can achieve a qualitative growth in
transaction throughput and scalability. The blockchain will become the infrastructure of
industry and form a consolidate ecosystem, which will also change people’s lives
profoundly.

III. STRUCTURE AND TECHNOLOGY OF
REALTRACT
The goal of RealTract is to create a trustless and decentralized system in which
transactions are similar to real-world transactions. RealTract accomplishes it by
designing its network as a multi-layer blockchain with triple consensus algorithm to
allow transactions to be linked with additional information on-chain. Users,
developers, node operators, organizations, enterprises, crypto-exchanges, partners,
and other blockchains & cryptos can take part in the development of RealTract.

1. pBFT (Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance)
Byzantine Fault Tolerance is the ability of a distributed computer network to function as
desired and correctly reach a sufficient consensus despite malicious components
(nodes) of the system failing or propagating incorrect information to other peers. The
objective is to defend against catastrophic system failures by mitigating the influence
these malicious nodes have on the correct function of the network and the right
consensus that is reached by the honest nodes in the system. pBFT algorithm provides
high-performance Byzantine state machine replication, processing thousands of
requests per second with sub-millisecond increases in latency.

18

pBFT (Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance) is a replication algorithm to tolerate Byzantine
faults. Hyperledger utilizes the pBFT as its consensus algorithm since pBFT could handle
up to 1/3 malicious byzantine replicas/nodes. pBFT needs to know the identity of each
node to select an accountant for each block, and nodes cannot join or exit arbitrarily,
so PBFT is always used in private or permissioned Blockchains. It has high efficiency, but
nodes need to fully trust each other.

Blockchain
Blockchains effectively have a linked list like
structure. The blocks in a blockchain need to
be added one after the other like a list. This
structure leads to issues of scalability and a low
number of transactions per second, which
inhibit mainstream adoption of blockchains.
Bitcoin and Ethereum, both suffer from these
issues.
This inherent handicap of blockchain has led to
an exploration of alternate ways of maintaining
decentralized databases.
Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG) is one such
alternative. A Directed Acyclic Graph is an implementation of a graph, and it allows the
networks using it to circumvent some of the blockchain’s most daunting limitations.

19

Each node in DAG represents a new transaction
Directed Acyclic Graph cryptocurrencies are non-blockchain decentralized payment
network technologies in which each new transaction confirms one or more previous
transactions.

2. Introducing Infinity Block Graphs

Infinity Block Graphs are similar to DAGs. A DAG is a finite directed graph with no
directed cycles. It consists of finitely many vertices and edges, with each edge directed
from one vertex to another. The key structure which makes DAGs work is a Tangle. The
Tangle is a particular kind of directed graph, which holds transactions. Each transaction
is represented as a vertex in the graph. When a new transaction joins the tangle, it
chooses two previous transactions to approve, adding two new edges to the graph.

20

Infinity Block Graphs also work on a similar concept with multiple nodes and directed
connections between them.
Infinity Block Graphs (IBG) technology with infinite scalability helps keep transactions
from overloading, speeding up transactions to 2 million TPS, the cost nearly zero and
absolute security.

Illustration of Infinity Block Graphs

3. Multi-layer Chain
RealTract network proposes to have a multi-layer chain structure. The main layer will be
called SupplyChain and the secondary layer will be called as MainChain. This structure
will increase the storage capacity, process more transaction confirmations per second,
and provide more security. A two-layer structure will also decrease the size of the
blockchain which nodes are needed to store.
Only the completed transactions will be stored in the secondary chain which is the
MainChain. The ongoing transactions, canceled transaction, waiting transaction of
contract (time condition of contract) will be stored on the SupplyChain and once a set
of transactions is finalized, the net effect of those transactions on the state of the
blockchain will be updated on the MainChain.

21

The use of a DAG like Infinity Block also makes the system more secure as there is no
issue of attack by miners with a concentration of hashing power. Since each new
transaction which joins the tangle approves two other previous transactions, there are
no miners needed to verify the transactions in the system.

4. SupplyChain and MainChain
SupplyChain
SupplyChain is the place where temporary transactions and is in the pending
order of the smart contract (transaction of property lock during contract
execution).
SupplyChain is the main layer which uses Infinity Block Graphs. The new concept
of Infinity Block Graphs will increase the transaction rate as compared to the
current blockchain technology. SupplyChain uses delegated proof of stake
model as a consensus mechanism. Nodes can vote on who would be the block
validators. The amount of votes each node has depends upon the number of
tokens they have staked in the network.

MainChain
MainChain is the place for saving and storing of all the completed transactions,
the information of the contracts that have ended, and user-encrypted
information. It is used to support transaction speed, extended storage space, and
increased security with Proof of Truth (PoT) and Proof of Stake (PoS) algorithms.
Moreover it will inevitably make sure that it does not depend on the miners,
inexpensive energy and avoid attacking 51%.
This innovative technology has a structure in which blocks are controlled by
Supernode. In SupplyChain, the number of blocks is high and those do not follow

22

any certain order hence necessary storage and redundant data could be
enormous. Therefore, the main purpose of MainChain is to filter important and
necessary data and then store it in the MainChain every 5 minutes. With this
technology, all data will be more secure, transaction rate would increase and 51%
attack could be avoided.
MainChain uses Proof of Truth (PoT) consensus mechanism. It’s the consensus
that only completed transactions or definite information are confirmed/approved
by Supernodes and stored in the MainChain.
There could be different MainChain for different purposes. There could be
separate MainChain for different sectors. One example is for KYC/AML. Only the
final and verified information of the users, the customers, or the enterprises will
be encrypted and stored on MainChain.

5. Cross Chain Communication
Cross Chain communication is very important for a multi-layered network. Transactions
occurring in the RealTract network can be up to millions every second. At the same
time, the data in the MainChain needs to be access persistent and interconnected, which
requires the link among chains in MainChain, but does not take up too much transaction
space or storage. To solve this, MainChain has been designed such that they can
exchange data and transactions with other chain via SupplyChain.
Cross chain communication can be achieved by using sidechain pegging technology
proposed by Adam Back. This works as follows: to transfer parent chain coins into
sidechain coins, the parent chain coins are sent to a special output on the parent chain
that can only be unlocked by an SPV proof of possession on the sidechain.
To synchronize the two chains, the following two waiting periods need to be defined:
1). The confirmation period of a transfer between sidechains is a duration for
which a coin must be locked on the parent chain before it can be transferred to

23

the sidechain. The purpose of this confirmation period is to allow for sufficient
work to be created such that a denial of service attack in the next waiting period
becomes more difficult.
2). The user must then wait for the contest period. This is a duration in which a
newly-transferred coin may not be spent on the sidechain. The purpose of a
contest period is to prevent double spending by transferring previously-locked
coins during a reorganization.
While locked on the parent chain, the coin can be freely transferred within the sidechain
without further interaction with the parent chain. However, it retains its identity as a
parent chain coin, and can only be transferred back to the same chain that it came
from.
Thus, sidechain pegging can be effectively used to achieve cross-blockchain
communication.

v

Cross Chain Communication

24

6. RealTract Network

Consensus mechanisms are an important aspect of the design of any blockchain based
system. It defines how the nodes in the network interact with each other and how they
should act to contribute to the trust in the network. Some of the popular consensus
mechanisms used in blockchains today are Proof of Work (PoW), Proof of Stake (PoS),
and Delegated Proof of Stake. In RealTract network, SupplyChain will use a Delegated
Proof of Stake (DPoS) consensus mechanism while MainChain will use Proof of Truth as
the consensus mechanism. There are various consensus mechanisms that have been
evaluated by us such as Proof-of-Stake, Proof-of-Work and Proof-of-Burn are examples
of algorithms designed to achieve consensus in a decentralized, “trustless”
blockchain network. POS chooses the transactions’ (block) validator through a random
selection based on something he owns (the stake). POW requires the validator to
compete for solving cryptographic puzzles (mining). POB requires the validator to
‘burn’ some coins by sending them to a verifiable unspendable address. Below we
give a brief description of these consensus mechanisms.

1) Proof of Work (PoW)
Proof of work is a system that ties mining capability to computational power.
Blocks must be hashed, which is in itself an easy computational process, but an
additional variable is added to the hashing process to make it more difficult.
When a block is successfully hashed, the hashing must have taken some time
and computational effort. Thus, a hashed block is considered proof of work.

25

Proof of Work consensus mechanism is used to confirm new transactions and
produce new blocks in the blockchain. The miners solve a cryptographic puzzle
related to the transactions included in the block. If the miners are able to find a
correct solution, they are said to have “mined” a block and this block is then
sent to other nodes in the network for validation and inclusion in the blockchain.
The Bitcoin blockchain was based on this consensus mechanism.

2) Proof of Stake (PoS)
Proof of stake is an alternative to the proof-of-work system, in which the user's
existing stake in a cryptocurrency, i.e., the amount of that currency the user holds,
is used to calculate the amount of that currency that the user can mine.
Proof of Stake system is used for validating transactions and achieving consensus.
In case of the Proof of Stake, there is no cryptographic puzzle to be solved. On
the contrary, the creator of a new block is chosen in a deterministic way based
on their stake. The stake is how many coins/tokens one possesses. For example,
if one miner was to stake 20 coins and another miner staked 200 coins, the miner
staking 200 coins would be 10 times more likely to be chosen as the next block
validator. Ethereum is based on Proof of Stake consensus mechanism.

3) Delegated Proof of Stake (DPoS)
Delegated Proof of Stake is one of the PoS consensus mechanisms. DPOS
leverages the power of stakeholder approval voting to resolve consensus issues
in a fair and democratic way. All network parameters, from fee schedules to block
intervals and transaction sizes, can be tuned via elected delegates.
The difference from PoS is that in the DPoS systems, the users vote to select the
other users to validate transactions. The users who get the most votes earn the
right to validate transactions. Users can even delegate their voting power to other

26

users, whom they trust. Votes are weighted according to the size of each voter’s
stake.
Given a set, usually small number of witnesses, they work to mine blocks and
monitor the network. These witnesses are elected to this role by the chain users.
There is decentralization of the voting process, i.e. it isn’t limited to masternode
holders like in Proof of Stake consensus. Because there is a smaller group of
individuals working to secure the network, needed changes can occur much
more efficiently. Also, because witnesses are reliant of votes, it is in their best
interest to pay attention to the concerns of the other participants on the network.

4) Proof of Truth (PoT)
The Proof of Truth consensus mechanism is a consensus mechanism which allows
only completed transactions or information confirmed by Supernode to be
stored in blockchain. The Proof of Truth ensures that only correct data is stored
in the blockchain. This is essential to maintain the integrity of the blockchain as
only the verified and true data or information need to be recorded and stored in
the blockchain.

RealTract has analyzed the major consensus mechanisms: PoW, PoS, DPoS, PoT, etc.
PoW (Proof of work) is a consensus strategy used in Bitcoin network. It requires a
complicated computational process in authentication. In PoW, each node in network is
calculating a hash value of the constantly changing block header. POW is completely
decentralized, free to access, but mining causes a lot of waste resources, so consensus
needs a long period, which is not suitable for commercial applications. Proof of stake
(PoS) is an energy-saving alternative to PoW. Instead of demanding users to find a
nonce in an unlimited space, PoS requires users to prove the ownership of the amount
of currency because it is believed that users with more currency would be less likely to
attack the network, and PoS still needs mining. DPoS (Delegated Proof of Stake). Similar

27

to PoS, miners get their priority to generate the blocks according to their stake. The
major difference between PoS and DPoS is that PoS is a direct democratic while DPoS
is representative democratic. And the whole consensus mechanism still depends on
tokens, while many commercial applications do not need tokens.
After perusing the various pros and cons of the different consensus mechanisms,
RealTract has determined to use a proof of truth consensus mechanism which will
ensure that only correct data is stored in the MainChain. It allows only completed
transactions or information confirmed by Supernode to be stored in the MainChain.
This is essential to maintain the integrity of the blockchain as only the verified and true
data or information would be recorded and stored in the MainChain.

There are 3 types of Nodes in RealTract network:

1) Full Node - This node is part of SupplyChain. Full Node is a computer who
participates in SupplyChain network and has connections with other Full Nodes.
The Full Node ensures the correctness and integrity of the MainChain layer. They
can also provide additional services on the network and ensure that the network
is running correctly. This ensures that most of the high throughput transactions
are handled on the SupplyChain itself and only once in every 5 minutes the
changes in the states are updated on the MainChain.
Transactions will be sent to Full Nodes and forwarded to Delegates. A Delegate
is a Full Node who has been voted by other Full Nodes (Voters) to be the
validator for the next block. Voters are Full Nodes who stake their RET (RealTract
token) to get the votes. To vote for a Delegate, a Full Node must create a
transaction called Vote Transaction and the total Votes will be counted with
weights as the current staking balance of the Voters. Full Nodes can be run by
any computers and they play a vital role in the sustainability of the RealTract
network. To promote Full Nodes to stake RET and join in the voting process,
RealTract has the Block reward system for Delegates and its Voters. RealTract
rewards the block generators a fixed amount of RET per block.

28

2) Super Node - This node is part of MainChain. The main objective of Super
Nodes is to make transactions in RealTract information-rich. MainChain layer in
RealTract network will be run by Super Nodes. Super Nodes will approve
MainChain Blocks that contains transactions and propagate the MainChain
transactions to other Super Nodes and Full Nodes across the RealTract network.
A Super Node deposits a large amount of tokens as stakes to support its
commitment to the network. To incentivize Super Nodes to participate in the
RealTract network, the network rewards them with the fees given by the users
for processing the attached information. This acts as an earned interest for Super
Nodes for depositing a large amount of tokens as stakes in the network.

3) Service Node - This node is part of MainChain like lending service chain,
medical service chain, business service chain, real estate service chain, etc. Service
nodes make up the service MainChain which is developed for specific use cases.
All data transacted in the service nodes need not be updated in the MainChain,
only the trusted and verified changes in state are updated in the MainChain.
RealTract is decentralized at the Full Node and Super Node layer but not at the
service node layer. If a particular service MainChain run by Service Nodes is
disrupted then the network fails to provide the service. This also models real-life
scenario where if a particular government agency pulls out from a platform, then
the data about that government agency is not available on the common
platform.
Advanced Service Nodes provide services like Validating Identity, Instant
Payment System or Private Payment System. Service Nodes must be trusted by
the network. After completing the process to prove the identities and authorities,

29

Service Nodes become trusted Nodes and can start providing their services to
the network. Service Nodes work together following the Proof of Truth
mechanism to maintain the consensus of the network.

Every 5 minutes, the real transactions or important information will be stored in
MainChain. That is why the ongoing transactions, canceled transaction, waiting
transaction of contract (time condition of contract) will not be stored in the MainChain.
Only the necessary information will be selected depending on the purpose of each
industry like KYC (Know Your Customer) service for government, information of patients
for medical health records, etc.

30

IV. SMART CONTRACT 2.0
1. Overview
Nowadays, smart contract is on its way to become the leading technology which could
simplify the interaction between parties but intensify the efficiencies of a contract; and
thus change the way we sign contracts. Smart contract could guarantee the
transparency and justice of a contract between parties; also many people believe that
it could transform certain industries in the near future.
However, there is still a major problem of smart contract, which according to the
majority of technology experts, could reduce the applicability of smart contracts in real
life even if its potential is enormous. The current concept of smart contracts, which
considers the rules and conditions of a smart contract is unchangeable, might bring
litigations to both parties if any of the rules and conditions need to be changed.
“You buy a house, when the seller has received the money, you own the house and

find the serious damages in the concrete frame, the walls have heavy cracks, the seller
has covered your eyes when you came to see the house only 1-2 times. If you know
that, would you be ready to buy that house?”
Most of the current smart contracts are pursuing the perfection of performance and
automation because most of the developers believe that the necessary laws and rules
cannot compare to the importance of perfect code and fast performance.
Unfortunately, it becomes the disadvantage of smart contracts, and makes it difficult to
apply to practice, especially in other industries.
The smart contracts are on the radar of the top global firms, MNCs, and constancies
that are researching their role and giving them increasing importance keeping in view
their future potential for the industry, business, and governments.

31

Therefore, RealTract has invented the advanced version of smart contract called Smart
Contract 2.0 (Practical Smart Contract), which is a significant improvement over the
Ethereum smart contract 1.0. In addition to maintaining the excellent operating
mechanism of the older version, smart contract 2.0 adds conditions and algorithms to
completely protect the interests of the parties when participating in the transaction.
Smart Contract 2.0 will put the current problem of smart contracts to rest, but still ensure
the best performance. Moreover, it is possible to drastically reduce or resolve the
litigations in the way of equality and consistency.
The top-notch global consultancy Deloitte conducted an executive survey on
blockchain. The survey was conducted online between Nov. 14 and Dec. 1, 2016. It polled
an initial sample of 554 respondents, and then focused on 308 senior executives in the
U.S. at companies with $500 million or more in annual revenue who completed the full
survey and said they have at least a broad understanding of blockchain as well as
familiarity with and ability to comment on their company’s blockchain investment
plans. They observations regarding the role for Smart Contracts are given below:

32

2. Operational mechanism:
Smart Contract 2.0 is based on the core tenets of Smart Contract 1.0, but adds two
important elements: "conditional information" and "execution time". With the new
mechanism of smart contract 2.0, buyers and sellers will be guaranteed equal rights
when they both have the right to set conditions together. The mechanism of operation
of Smart Contract 2.0 is described as follows:


A is the buyer, the asset is x; B is the seller, the asset is y
1. B generates a contract of receiving x and distributing y
2. A transfer x, and also create condition and execution time for B
3. When B accepts the condition, B receives x, A receives y, BUT both
x, y are locked.
4. After the end of the stipulated time, B implements the condition of
A, the contract will automatically unlock x, y if A does not generate

a recovery order.

3. Proof of Result (PoR)
 Because of the legal issues related to the type of property, the dispute between

the parties as the matter proceeds and the interests received. For instance, B has
fulfilled the conditions of A, but A still makes a recovery order, which in turn
affects the duration and benefits of B. The Proof of Result (PoR) algorithm is
added to increase the security of the data; and evaluate and record the reliability
of the parties before, during, and after the transaction. Asset retention
operations, previous contract use results, and encrypted transaction credentials

33

from all parties involved in the transaction are retained on MainChain. Based on
this, the algorithm will calculate the reliability indicators of the participants.
 When a contract is created, it will be censored through algorithms including PoR

that includes the following procedure: Contract verification from the parties,
verification of asset ownership, verification of the reliability of the parties, and
real-time verification based on blockchain.

The PoR will be added after launch of Smart contract 2.0

Here is a simplified flow of how RealTract Smart Contract 2.0 on the Blockchain 4.0,
the first practical smart contract in the world, works:

34

1

2

• The user 'A' wants to create a smart contract to do something and goes to the
RealTract platform to make a suitable smart contract

• The user 'A' finalizes terms & conditions and include them in Smart Contract 2.0

3

• The new smart contract is listed on the RealTract platform with conditions and
timing for execution - the subject matter can be an asset or abstract condition

4

• The user 'B' accepts the condition listed in the Smart Contract 2.0, i.e.,
purchase of 10K USD by the user 'A' through RET tokens.

5

• When B accepts the condition, B receives RET, A receives USD, BUT both RET,
USD are locked.

6

• After the end of the stipulated time, B implements the condition of A, the Smart
Contract 2.0 will automatically unlock both RET, USD if A does not generate a
recovery order..

7

• After the required currency and cryptocurrency are sent, and the smart
contract’s terms are completed, the Smart Contract 2.0 is finished

RealTract is an evolving cryptocurrency platform that aims to provide efficient smart
contract creating capacity based on the highly innovative technology, aiming to solve
the existing problems of current cryptocurrency and smart contract process.

35

V. APPLICATION OF REALTRACT AND
SMART CONTRACT 2.0 (PRACTICAL
SMART CONTRACT)
RealTract is driven by the research and development capabilities. The mission of the
project is to build the cost-effective block chain platform and smart contract creation
facility at the lowest possible operational expenses. RealTract will share the benefits with
millions of the potential and existing cryptocurrency and blockchain users.
Blockchain now has not just established itself as a technology that cryptocurrency is just
a subset of; it has also established itself as the solution of the two problems that all
businesses face, i.e., Security and Lack of Transparency. Blockchain has many use cases
that show how this technology holds the potential to change the world.
There are many applications of RealTract and Smart Contract 2.0 (practical smart
contract):

 Retailers: Reduction card fee, payments, delivery contract, warranty, etc.
RealTract includes the ability to leverage computer vision, natural language
processing, external services (Instagram, QuickBooks, Salesforce, etc.) and
complex scenarios within a smart contract. For example, imagine that someone
wanted to leverage their Instagram feed by writing a smart contract that details
how they want to be paid and approve of the images used. A user could use
RealTract to recognize anything with leaves or roots (a tree) in a video or image.
A user could use RealTract to recognize a document sent to smart contract that
contains text about a man from Eastern Europe who traveled to Australia.

36

Walmart partnered with IBM's Hyperledger Fabric -- a blockchain system -- to
track food shipments. From the start of their journey at the farm, pallets of
mangoes were tagged with numeric identifiers and every time they crossed a
checkpoint it was digitally recorded via blockchain.
It can help in a simple transfer, i.e., a sender transfers money to a recipient such
as a grocery store.

 Financial service: lending, distributed ledger manager
Big banks, investors and other financial institutions have invested millions of
dollars in blockchain, hoping it could make transactions faster, easier and more
secure.
It can help in fraud reduction. By bringing all the information on a distributed
ledger with a timestamp and batches of specific transactions with a link to
another block, the blockchain technology will make it impossible for the hackers
to breaks into the system without the timestamp of the breach getting
highlighted.
It is estimated that banks spend somewhere around $60 million up to $500
million per year in their ‘Know Your Customer’ project. These practices are
followed to lower the money laundering instances and to keep terrorist out of
the banking ecosystem. If the KYC process is brought on Blockchain, the
verification time and associated cost will get lowered by manifold.
AIG and IBM completed a pilot of a so-called “smart contract” multi-national
policy for Standard Chartered Bank PLC which the companies said is the first of
its kind using blockchain’s digital ledger technology. The Standard Chartered
policy uses blockchain to facilitate sharing of real-time information for a main
policy written in the United Kingdom, where the bank is headquartered, and
three local policies in the United States, Singapore and Kenya.

37

If a loan was taken out to buy that car, and the owner failed to make payments,
the smart contract could automatically invoke a lien, which returns control of the
car keys to the bank. This "smart lien" might be much cheaper and more effective.
RealTract can enable derivatives trading on Ethereum. A trader that believes
Ethereum is going up and wants to profit, and a trader that believes Ethereum is
going down and wants to profit are paired together in a smart contract 2.0. The
outcome of who makes or loses money is dependent on the market price of
Ethereum and automatically decided by smart contract 2.0.
RealTract can enable reoccurring Payments from a lump sum such as:
o A sender transfers money to escrow
o Every month, $100 is transferred to the recipient like mutual fund
from escrow.

 Logistics
IBM has been partnering with leading companies in various industries, including
Danish transport company Maersk, to create blockchain-based products that can
streamline complex international dealings across sectors.
With the help of blockchain, an employee of a food chain, or even a customer,
can grabs a packet of mangoes, types in the identifying number on the package
and the entire journey appears before his eyes -- when they were picked, sent
to be washed, sliced, passed through Customs and Border Protection, and when
they hit shelves.
It takes roughly two seconds for all of this information to appear. In the event of
an E. coli or salmonella outbreak, the difference between two seconds and nearly
a week is not only lifesaving but can save a company millions of dollars. Plus, the
ability to quickly obtain these specific, secure records could help executives keep
tabs on the flow of goods and prevent fraud.

38

Walmart is trying out a similar tactic with pork supply chains in China. Other
companies are testing blockchain's potential for their logistics, e.g., everything
from airplane parts, cargo shipments, etc.
By identifying the production processes and components and then storing the
information on Blockchain, business can monitor their supply chain process from
the raw material stage to the end delivery stage. For example, Walmart uses
blockchain to enable their employees to scan the goods in store’s app and then
track them from the harvesting stage to the time it reaches the store floor. On
the other hand, Makers use of the technology to monitor the cargo ships.

 Government Administration & Public Welfare
The government can utilize blockchain and Smart Contract 2.0 for various usage
including even digital identities for refugees who lack official documents. Imagine
no longer having a social security card, but a digital identity that couldn't be
hacked. We wouldn't have to worry about data breaches like the recent one at
Equifax.
Smart Contract 2.0 can cover agreement to a prearranged set of tort laws. These
tort laws would be defined by contracts between private arbitration and
enforcement agencies, while customers would have a choice of jurisdictions in
this system of free-market governments. If these privately practiced law
organizations bear ultimate responsibility for the criminal activities of their
customers, or need to insure lack of defection or future payments on the part of
customers, they may in turn ask for liens against their customers, either in with
contractual terms allowing arrest of customers under certain conditions.
We can extend the concept of smart contracts to property. Smart property might
be created by embedding smart contracts in physical objects. These embedded
protocols would automatically give control of the keys for operating the property
to the party who rightfully owns that property, based on the terms of the
contract. For example, a car might be rendered inoperable unless the proper

39

challenge-response protocol is completed with its rightful owner, preventing
theft. This will help the government administration including police and public
authorities.
Estonia matured in a ‘digital republic’ ecosystem by shifting a number of its
national system on Ethereum Blockchain.

 Healthcare
The fact that blockchain comes with an immutable architecture makes it possible
to store the EHR data in a way that is safeguarded from any or all instances of
hacks and breaches. Also, when incorporate at the center of medical research,
the technology can even help with creation of new medicine or a more
personalized treatment regime.

 4th Industrial Revolution
Blockchain is contributing in a big way towards the 4th industrial revolution. Many
big industrial corporations are deriving benefits from blockchain technology in
the product development and manufacturing processes.
Porche, the leading automobile maker has already introduced blockchain in its
cars. There are a number of benefits that the brand accepted going blockchain
brought for it, e.g., secure access of vehicle, fast data transfer and better security,
autonomous driving, etc.
Coca-Cola, The beverage leader, along with the US State Department is
developing a blockchain ledger which is designed to remove the state of forced
labor from across the globe. Using the technology, they will develop a secure

40

registry for the workers which would help with fighting forced labor market,
globally.
IBM recently revealed its chip which they called the world’s smallest computer
that would help brands use blockchain in verification of authenticity of the
products in a supply chain. IBM also uses blockchain to deliver distributed ledger
services to over 400 different clients around the world including government,
banking, logistics, and healthcare.

 Internet of Things (IoT)
Our easy to use, superfast, and low cost smart contracts 2.0 on the Blockchain
4.0 would help in creating micro-contracts that would enable the users to
execute tiny transactions cheaply and securely. Such micro-contracts offer
immense opportunities for the various mobile and AI devices and could fuel the
internet-of-things.
The IoT sensors get to exchange data on the platform instead of a third party.
Also, since the devices are addressable with Blockchain, businesses get an access
to the usage history of the connected devices, which comes in handy at time of
troubleshooting.

 Online jobs
Blockchain is proving very useful and companies are tapping the potential of the
blockchain for their HR and job related processes. Blockchain can help in the
online job searches, finding the right job for the right candidate, verification of
the records and credentials of the prospective employees, etc. The companies
can also keep track of their present and future employees with the help of
blockchain.

41

Smart Contract 2.0 can help in the various online jobs and employee related
aspects such as job agreements, fulfillment of the job related conditions,
payments, employee benefits etc.

 ICO/IPO
RealTract is so powerful that it can be used to create ICO or IPOs. A user could
easily replicate a crypto lottery by describing a smart contract that comprises a
lottery, and what percent of the funds are used for dividends and a jackpot.
In case of an ICO, RealTract can help many ICO investors pledge money to an
ICO recipient, and then execute the Smart Contract 2.0 if the total money
pledged is above $1 million within a month by transferring the pledges to the
ICO recipient, and finish the contract.

42

VI. REALTRACT (RET) TOKEN
RET tokens would initially be built on the popular ERC-20 standard. The ERC-20
standard allows RET tokens to immediately work with all the apps that conform to the
standard. It will allow any digital currency wallet to hold RET tokens. RealTract is easily
exchangeable with other cryptocurrencies that comply with the ERC-20 rules. RealTract
will be exchangeable with other currencies on the leading cryptocurrency exchanges.

We would swap ERC-20 standard after the completion of RealTract Mainnet.

REALTRACT TOKEN FEATURES
Token name
Symbol
Type
Total Supply
Circulating Supply

Real Tract
RET
ERC20
100,000,000,000
10,000,000,000

43

Token Allocation:
RealTract will have the following token allocation:

.

Before Mainnet launching, we might burn a part of the locked tokens in order to
increase the value of RET.

44

VII. ROADMAP

45

VIII. Marketing Plan
RealTract will implement a comprehensive plan for marketing. We will list the RET tokens
on the major cryptocurrency exchanges. We will also place ads on the various popular
and relevant digital platforms.
Our strategy is focused on getting the maximum attention on the right type of platforms
suitable to our image of a professional digital currency domain company. This will help
us in attracting the desirable number of investors.
We will focus on the angel investors, and wealthy investors, whose investments will help
in attracting other investors to our RET tokens.
There would be airdrop and bounty campaigns to ensure an exceptional response to
the RealTract tokens. This will encourage the campaigners. We plan to offer up to 35%
of all the coins for the airdrop and bounty campaigns. This large airdrop and bounty
pool would spur the various stakeholders.

IX. TEAM
The RealTract team comprises of highly experienced and qualified professionals. The
management has a great depth and breadth of exposure and hands-on experience
across various domains such as blockchain technology, cryptocurrency, finance,
marketing, etc.


Co-Founder, Vitally Marinchenko
https://www.linkedin.com/in/vitallymarinchenko/

46



Project Manager- Core Developer, Alejandroj Bettini
https://www.linkedin.com/in/alejandroj-bettini-7b796a169/



Co- Founder & CTO, Rahul Mishra
https://www.linkedin.com/in/BluestMettle/

We are a team of blockchain and crypto enthusiasts with a vision of capitalizing on the
blockchain technology with cutting-edge solutions. We plan to develop RealTract to
become a paradigm for blockchain platforms and applications in the future with the
deployment of our platform and Smart Contract 2.0 on the Blockchain 4.0.
RealTract team is capable of handling the cryptocurrency and blockchain ecosystem
effectively and efficiently with the financial resources available.
The manpower would be further increased keeping in view the needs with the
expansion of the operations of RealTract. The staff would be recruited efficiently as per
the actual requirements. This will help us in keeping the costs under control and became
a profitable company.

X. REFERENCES


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Byzantine_fault_tolerance



https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Directed_acyclic_graph



https://bitshares.org/technology/delegated-proof-of-stake-consensus/



"Blockchain". https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blockchain

47



"Blockchain Technology: Preparing for Change" (PDF). Accenture.
https://www.accenture.com/cn-en/~/media/Accenture/next-gen/top-tenchallenges/challenge4/pdfs/Accenture-2016-Top-10-Challenges-04-BlockchainTechnology.pdf



"Blockchain: Forget Bitcoin, here comes the real thing". Idealog. 2016-03-29.
https://idealog.co.nz/tech/2016/03/blockchain-forget-bitcoin-here-comes-realthing.



Cointelegraph: Bitcoin User Base Surges, Coinbase Adds 1 Mln Users in 1 Month
(June 2017). https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitcoin-user-base-surgescoinbase-adds-1-mln-users-in-1-month



"Contract - Bitcoin Wiki". en.bitcoin.it. https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Contract



Coy, Peter; Kharif, Olga. "This Is Your Company on Blockchain". Bloomberg
Businessweek. https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-08-25/this-isyour-company-on-blockchain



"Ethereum Whitepaper". github. https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/WhitePaper



"How Do Ethereum Smart Contracts Work? - CoinDesk". CoinDesk.
https://www.coindesk.com/information/ethereum-smart-contracts-work/



"Smart contract". https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smart_contract.



"Smart Money: Blockchains Are the Future of the Internet". Newsweek.
http://www.newsweek.com/entrepreneursmoneybusinessprofitinternetbitcointra
nsactionblockchaindata-603100.



Thomas Bocek. "Smart Contracts – Blockchains in the Wings".
https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-662-49275-8_19.



"What are Smart Contracts" (PDF). Chainfrog. http://www.chainfrog.com/wpcontent/uploads/2017/08/smart-contracts.pdf.

48



Wikipedia. List of data breaches.
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_data_breaches&oldid=811326
932.



Leading the pack in blockchain banking: Trailblazers set the pace. https://www01.ibm.com/common/ssi/cgi-bin/ssialias?htmlfid=GBP03467USEN.



Gupta V, ConsenSys LLC. Building the Hyperconnected Future on Blockchains.
World Government Summit; 2017.
https://www.worldgovernmentsummit.org/api/publications/document?id=c5717
dc4-e97c-6578-b2f8-ff0000a7ddb6.



Chu Y, Ream J, Schatsky D. Contracts Get Smarter With Blockchains. The Wall
Street Journal; 2017. http://deloitte.wsj.com/cio/2017/03/09/contracts-getsmarter-with-blockchains/.



Butts J. Forget Bitcoin, The blockchain Revolution Is Coming. NASDAQ; 2017.
http://www.nasdaq.com/article/forget-bitcoin-the-blockchain-revolution-iscoming-cm862377.



Barlyn S. AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy.
Thomson Reuters; 2017. https://www.reuters.com/article/us-aig-blockchaininsurance/aig-teams-with-ibm-to-use-blockchain-for-smart-insurance-policyidUSKBN1953CD.



48. Szabo N. Smart Contracts: Building Blocks for Digital Markets.
http://www.fon.hum.uva.nl/rob/Courses/InformationInSpeech/CDROM/Literatur
e/LOTwinterschool2006/szabo.best.vwh.net/smart_contracts_2.html.

Find us on social media:

Telegram Group: t.me/RealTractOfficial

49

Telegram Korea Group: t.me/RealtractKorean
Telegram Channel: t.me/realtractchannel
Twitter: https://twitter.com/realtract
Medium: https://medium.com/@realtractofficial
Reddit: https://www.reddit.com/user/RealTract
Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQDTEf-A31H74yhdVaRv2EQ
Github: https://github.com/RETnetwork

50

