THE NEXT GENERATION MUSIC DATABASE
PLATFORM WITH ETHEREUM
WHERE ANYONE CAN PARTICIPATE

RECORD Project
by RECORD Foundation
“Manage Your Music Contents”
Ver. 1.6

CONTACTS
General inquiries:
RECORD Foundation PTE, Ltd.
10 Anson Road International Plaza 079903
Singapore

E-MAIL

official@recordfoundation.org

WEB

www.recordfarm.com

SERVICE

www.recordfoundation.org

ICO

www.recordfoundation.org

RecordFarm uses blockchain technology to safeguard the rights of
artists. Unlike the unaccountable copyright management and unclear
profit distribution in current music services, RecordFarm ensures clear
profit distributions and transparent transactions between the artists
and listeners. As well as enabling direct transactions with no
intermediary, RecordFarm records copyright information on the
blockchain ledger permanently.

RecordFarm revolutionizes traditional music service platforms by
dataing both artists and listeners. Listeners pay a small amount to
consume music, but they can be compensated more than what they
have paid. This is because listeners amplify the influence of music by
interacting with it in the form of voting, commenting and sharing.
Based on their level of contribution, listeners are dataed with RECORD
(RCD) tokens, which can be used to purchase music and other related
goods.
Our goal is to nurture an active and a dataing platform, where listeners
are compensated fairly for their contributions that increase the value
of our platform.

Based on RecordFarm’s expertise over the past three years, an
attractive and competitive blockchain-based platform will be built
which will reinforce the investment value. The RecordFarm that we are
envisioning is a powerful platform that compels both artists and
listeners to frequent the platform. To multiply our impact, we will
proliferate RECORD token-based services, eventually constructing a
RECORD token economy. With this, we will greatly augment the value
of our RECORD (RCD) token.

Explanation of RECORD Ecosystem





RECORD Foundation: organization managing RECORD (RCD) tokens
RECORD (RCD) token: cryptocurrency within RECORD Ecosystem
RecordFarm: open music platform served by RECORD Foundation
RECORD Ecosystem: distribution ecosystem using RCD tokens with the
purpose of protecting rights via transparency and fair compensation

* ‘RECORD,’ used to refer to the token or the name of our project, is capitalized to distinguish
between ‘record,’ which commonly used to refer to audio contents.

1
1

EXECUTIVE
SUMMARY

“RecordFarm is a Blockchain Music Data Platform”
This paper describes the world’s first data-based music platform, RecordFarm, where artists and listeners are
fairly rewarded for their value creation on music content with the cryptocurrency, RECORD (RCD) tokens, within
the RECORD Ecosystem.
RecordFarm, a decentralized platform based on Ethereum, is a blockchain-based music platform that rewards
content creators with RCD tokens relative to the amount of ‘likes’ or ‘voting’ the content has received. RecordFarm
plans to build the world’s first data-based music platform service for artists who have not only struggled to post
and share music, but also to receive fair compensations for their work.
The reward system is in based on blockchain technology. Transparency is ensured, as all activity is recorded
and made public on the blockchain, which cannot be hacked or altered. This nature of blockchain ensures that the
artists’ works are recorded safely on RecordFarm’s platform. Compensation on RecordFarm is based on RCD tokens
which are immune to exchange fees which plague non-cryptocurrencies internationally. Thus, no matter the number
of countries served, we do not need to establish local currency conversion contracts which skim from total profits.
Operating expenses are further reduced by the blockchain’s burden sharing system. By spreading the data from a
decentralized server with cryptocurrency miners, costs of operating RecordFarm’s servers and resources are greatly
reduced. All the savings from these harnessed innovations will be returned to our artists and listeners.
Another core feature in the RECORD Ecosystem is the roles listeners play. Traditionally, listeners acted
exclusively as consumers by forking over cash whenever they managed music or subscribed to a database service,
but in this newfound RECORD Ecosystem, listeners can also be compensated. Audio consumers often devote their
time to curation activities, such as sharing and voting on music. This crowd behavior directly evaluates the
competitiveness and value of the music content. We believe that this interaction between listener and content
fundamentally encourages good music that the people want. For this elemental reason, we hold that it is only fair
that we reward any listener who acts as a ‘Value Co-creator.’ In this sense, RecordFarm is not just any run-of-themill platform. It is the next generation music platform that emerged as a solution to the problems rampant in unfair
profit distribution that characterizes the traditional music industry.
Honest and astounding rewards for creators and listeners - RECORD Foundation is on its path to build
an unprecedented music platform.

01

* THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS PAPER
MAY BE EDITED OR DEVELOPED FURTHER BASED
ON ADVICE FROM OUR ADVISORY COMMITTEE OR
ANY OTHER INSIGHTS.

2
2

BACKGROUND
With the emergence of the internet and MP3 players in the 1990s, music is
being consumed ubiquitously at all times. Nowadays, listeners no longer solely
just listen to music, but they also expand the influence of music through active
engagements, such as sharing and liking. In other words, listeners are
increasing the value of music through curations and are playing an everimportant role in the music value model. However, the traditional music industry
is still focusing entirely on distributions and transactions of music. While the
influence and power of record labels, music distribution services and production
companies have grown, fair compensations for artists and listeners are still not
taking place.
Realizing the necessity of fair compensations for value-creating works of
artists and listeners, RECORD Foundation started the RecordFarm project.
RecordFarm is the first project by RECORD Foundation and we have already
entered the market with a fully functional music platform. By adding blockchain
technology onto our existing platform, we are on the path to developing a new
music ecosystem with a systematic approach to rewarding artists and listeners
with fair compensations that they have always deserved.

02

3
3
4
4

MISSION
STATEMENT

‘Promoting the value of music and inspiring people to live better lives’

Music is an unparalleled source of inspiration for people in the modern days. Music
allows us to reminisce about the pleasant or poignant past, motivates us to achieve
greater goals, and often heals our mind. By helping artists focus solely on producing
creative works, a more diverse and sensational music will be created to move the minds
of many. The only way to achieve this is to reward artists and listeners fairly.

VISION

‘Asia’s First & Best Blockchain-based Music Contents Ecosystem’
The lack of access to symmetric information has caused a problem of artists being
excluded from relevant facts. We aim to solve this problem by building a decentralized
music platform using blockchain technology, which minimizes or eliminates the
intermediary’s role, allowing artists and listeners to be compensated fairly.
RecordFarm 1.0 is already developed and operating successfully in the market. In
2017, we gained 10,000 artists and reached a million monthly active users,
demonstrating our success. Based on this achievement, we hope to launch RecordFarm
2.0 with an Ethereum platform and IPFS. With this 2.0 model, our ambition is to attract
50,000 more artists, 2 million monthly active users, and manage copyright and royalties
of around 1,000 new songs per day by 2020.
This is just the beginning. As long as problems of compensation for creators persist,
we will continue to develop.

03

TABLE OF
CONTENTS

TABLE OF CONTENTS

MUSICIANS,
GREATEST COMPENSATION
LISTENERS,
UNEXPECTED REWARDS
INVESTORS,
GREATEST PROFITS
Nothing is impossible with RECORD Foundation

5
5

CURRENT
PROBLEM

5.1 COPYRIGHT MANAGEMENT

Ever since the formation of the music industry, copyright management and profit
distribution have been a persisting issue. However, it has become increasingly harder
to track pirated contents due to the universalization of digital music. As a result, more
than one-third (35 percent) of internet users accessed unlicensed music content in
2017, according to the research by IFPI (International Federation of the Phonographic
Industry). This figure only accounts for desktop users, so the total figure is expected
to be higher when including mobile users.
Copyright database presents another problem, as poor management during the
stage of copyright registration is widespread in the music industry. This includes the
collection of inaccurate data of music contents, such as melodies and lyrics, or of
copyright holders. Eventually these inaccuracies reach a stage where it is difficult to
correct this information. According to a South Korean government report in 2017, in
the past four years, the four major online music providers in South Korea have not paid
royalties of over 15 million USD to rights holders due to the absence of an accurate
copyright database management. For similar reasons, Spotify, the world’s leading
music platform, agreed to pay 31 million USD after settling a legal dispute over
copyright violation with the NWPA (National Music Publishers Association). These
events surface a desperate need of a solid and trustworthy copyright management
system.

06

5.2 PROFIT DISTRIBUTION
Digital revenues increased by 17.7% to 7.8 billion USD, driven by a steep
60.4% growth in streaming revenue, the largest growth in 8 years. Despite these
improvements, artists take away only a small portion of the profit generated
from their own work. Take for example, in 2015, it was revealed that Spotify’s
average payout to labels and publishers per stream was between $0.006 and
$0.0084. After the labels take their share, the average payment to a signed
artist was around $0.001128, a figure more than 6 times less. To further
exacerbate the problem, this payment is given 6 to 18 months after and the
music-usage data used to calculate the revenue were not shared. These
complications have led Taylor Swift, a world-famous pop star, to delete her
music from Spotify and stop releasing her future albums on Spotify.

FIGURE 1. GLOBAL DIGITAL MUSIC INDUSTRY REVENUES (SOURCE: IFPI, 2017)

07

5.3 CENTRALIZATION
AND NONTRANSPARENCY
‘Loss of copyright information, small profit distribution, delayed payments and
lack of payments data’
These myriad of problems is rooted in the problem of a ‘lack of transparent
information’ due to centralization. ‘Unclear distribution of profit’ between the
intermediaries and the artists has been a continued practice in the industry since
1990s, even before the emergence of digitized music. The archaic hierarchy of main
distribution companies managing all the data due to the lack of technical skills has
been continuing ever since.
Artists can demand their rights only when the transparency of information is
guaranteed. For instance, if artists could monitor their content usage online in real
time, a society where artists are evenhandedly rewarded would already be
established. Until now, artists don’t have the opportunity to solely focus on content
creation. Thus, the real opportunity cost of a ‘centralized management of information’
is the forfeiture of our chance to enjoy a wide range of diverse music.

“Unless something fundamentally changes in the streaming business model,
no streaming service is going to make money anytime soon.”
Mark Mulligan, Managing Director of MIDiA Research
Then, where’s the solution?

08

‘LAUNCH AN ICO, THEN DEVELOP’ IS NOT THE
DIRECTION WE INTEND TO TAKE. UNLIKE OTHER ICO
FIRMS, WE HOPE TO SUCCESSFULLY LAUNCH
RECORDFARM 1.0 FIRST, THEN TRANSITION INTO
RECORDFARM 2.0 BASED ON OUR TECHNOLOGICAL
SKILLS ACCRUED OVER TIME THROUGH YEARS OF
BLOCKCHAIN RESEARCH. WITH 3 YEARS OF
UNPARALLELED TECHNOLOGICAL SKILLS AND
BUSINESS EXPERTISE, WE ARE CONFIDENT THAT WE
WILL NOT BE ONE OF THE FIRMS THAT SURFACE
BRIEFLY AND DISAPPEAR INTO THIN AIR.

-

SHIN, RECORDFARM CEO

6
6

SOLUTION:
RECORDFARM 2.0

“The blockchain-based music copyright management platform”

If RecordFarm 1.0 was an artist-based open market service that allowed anyone to
share and sell their music, RecordFarm 2.0 will be the first listener-based music
ecosystem based on blockchain, where copyright information is managed in the most
transparent manner and listeners’ activities directly lead to the artists’ profits.
A full understanding RecordFarm 1.0 is crucial when discussing or understanding the
RecordFarm 2.0 platform.

6.1 RECORDFARM 1.0
With its open platform, RecordFarm already
reached a million monthly active users and
was selected as a Facebook global venture
project in 2016. RecordFarm is 5 times larger
than either Musicoin or Voise, both of which
recently issued tokens. By utilizing blockchain
technology in our market accepted music
platform, we plan to expand our business.
FIGURE 2. RECORDFARM1.0 WEB/APP VIEW

FIGURE 3: RECORDFARM 1.0 METRICS

Monthly Active
Users

Artists

Total Plays

Official
Facebook Page
Fans

Gender Ratio

Global Users
Ratio

10

6.1.1 AWARDS AND PRESS
-

Asia Music App Top 3 by MWC, 2016
Selected as a FbSTART Partner by Facebook, 2016
Google App Editor’s choice, 2016
K-Global DB-Stars Top Project, 2016
Korea Data Agency Award, 2016

6.1.2 POSESSION OF KEY TECHNOLOGY
Social Network Technology: RecordFarm 1.0 provides a social audio platform that
allows anyone worldwide, regardless of time and space, to easily make their own music
and share it. Users enjoy a multitude of functions, such as streaming, uploading,
recording, newsfeed and sharing albums on PC/Mobile web, Android and iPhone. (Patent
10-2017-0028248: Web server for audio-based social networking service and a method to
provide)
Machine Learning Based Personalized Contents: Selection and recommendation of
music that caters to the user’s personal interests and tastes are made possible through
collaborative filtering, which analyzes similarity between users.
Contents Market Service Technology: We possess a system that calculates artists’
profits and royalties. Based on big data, revenue statistics are analyzed, encouraging
artists to understand consumption tendencies of their fans, thereby maximizing profits.
Also, if fiat currencies are still preferred, creators can sell their products through their
chosen outlets through our alliances with Paypal, Stripe and Danal.

_

FIGURE 4: USER-TO-USER INDIRECT SIMILARITY FUNCTION
(RECORDFARM 1.0)

11

6.2 RECORDFARM 2.0
6.2.1 PLATFORM FRAMEWORK

FIGURE 5: RECORDFARM 2.0 PLATFORM FRAMEWORK

RecordFarm 2.0, an open-market music platform, is composed of three function modules: Storage,
Management, Application.
1. Storage Module: RECORD blockchain + Storage function composed of IPFS
Storage Module is a network where user and contents data are saved. It is composed of blockchain that
holds distributed records of copyright information and usage history and of Interplanetary File System
(IPFS) that saves contents in a distributed manner. First of all, RECORD blockchain (1) records the
music’s copyright information that artists have registered on RecordFarm based on Ethereum smart
contracts, (2) details of works used through the Management Module are all established with smart
contracts (3) ensuring transparency by allowing anyone to browse through the information in real time.
Also, (4) illegal distribution is prevented by saving contents in IPFS in an encrypted state using AES 256bit (Advanced Encryption Standards) and recording key value on the copyright information that is
recorded on the blockchain ledger. (5) Greater rewards are given to creators and participants by breaking
from the tradition of a centralized database and using IPFS’s distributed file system that minimizes
maintenance and operating expenses.
2. Management Module: Management of users and contents
Management Module connects Storage and Application. It analyzes information from the Application
Module and manages the general function of inputting and outputting data to the Storage Module.
3. Application Module: Provision of application programs
Application Module refers to all application programs that users use and utilize. RecordFarm provides
various application programs on web, mobile and apps and through this, users can access data within
the platform. Furthermore, third party library and protocols are being planned for provision, enabling
participation in our network from not only RecordFarm, but also other diverse services.

12

6.2.2 PLATFORM NETWORK
The network of RecordFarm 2.0 is
maintained by an organic formation
of relationships between various
interested parties.
- Artist
- Listener
- RecordFarm
- 3rd Parties
- RCD Token
- RECORD Foundation
- Investor
- PoS participant
FIGURE 5: RECORDFARM 2.0 PLATFORM NETWORK

Artist (Value Creator)
As one of the most immediate interested party, artists want high rewards for their contents,
transparent management of copyright information and active communication with fans. Opening the
RECORD Ecosystem, artists play the role of Value Creators, creating contents and uploading them
onto RecordFarm.
Publishers (Value Co-creator, Value Accelerator)
publishers are also one of the immediate interested party on the platform, who hold desires to
consume a diverse selection of high-quality music. They play the role of Value Co-creators,
subscribing to music data management and also spreading the influence of music through curations,
such as voting, commenting and sharing. At the same time, as Value Accelerators, they accelerate
the creation of value on the platform, fueled by the tokens they receive as rewards for their curations.
RecordFarm (Value Network)
RecordFarm is an open platform where artists and listeners with different needs are united under the
common need of ‘financial reward.’ It is a Value Network where anyone can plant and create value
in the form of contents.
3rd Parties (Token Expander)
Using RecordFarm’s API, third parties provide diverse services and increase profits. By constructing
an open market composed of album productions, video contents, sale of goods and auction of
copyrights, third parties increase the value of RCD tokens by expanding the use of the tokens.
RCD Token (Unit for Monetized Value)
RCD token is the main reward token that maintains the ecosystem, so that value can be distributed
within the RECORD Ecosystem. It is generated by creating blocks and aside from compensations that
go towards PoS participant, the rest is returned to artists, listeners and other participants through
RECORD Foundation.
RECORD Foundation (Token Issuer)
RECORD Foundation is the organization managing RCD tokens, a cryptocurrency that will be
consumed beginning with RecordFarm. It manages the token ICO and will lead later projects for fair
compensations for creators, starting with token management and RECORD project.
PoS Participant (Token Producer, Value Advocate)
RCD tokens are generated with a PoS system and the some of the tokens can be possessed as a
reward for generating tokens. PoS participant is an important party that directly maintains the
RECORD Ecosystem.

13

6.3 TECHNOLOGY FEATURES

FIGURE 6: INTERNAL PLATFORM ARCHITECTURE OF RECORDFARM

14

6.3.1 SMART RECORD CONTRACT

FIGURE 7: SMART CONTRACT

Smart RECORD contract is a smart contract that is signed when artists register their own
genuine works of records on RecordFarm. Ethereum makes smart contracts possible by having the
contracts written as codes in the blockchain. Information such as copyrights, transactions and usage
history are recorded on RECORD blocks through code functions. RecordFarm plans to utilize this
smart contract, which will work as 'multi-signature,' so that transactions take place only when a
required percentage of people agree.
Smart contracts also help manage contracts between users. We include functions in a state
of compiled codes and synchronize them through blockchain. Smart contracts are implemented with
the information included in transactions inputted as code functions and these results are saved in
a separate state. In other words, user’s contracts in the sense of Solidity is a collection of code (its
functions) and data (its state) that resides at a specific address on the RecordFarm blockchain.
Thus, when a user attempts to buy or use music, a contract is signed automatically, and a
payment is made, which enables direct transactions without an intermediary. Because RecordFarm
is based on blockchain and smart contracts, everyone in the world can easily and safely view the
contracts and transactions recorded on blockchain.

15

6.3.2 IPFS
IPFS (InterPlanetary File System) is a protocol that allows sharing and storing hypermedia in
a peer-to-peer distributed file system. This distributed file system connects all computing devices
with the same system of files and provides a high throughput content-addressed block storage model,
with content addressed hyper-links. As a new peer-to-peer hypermedia protocol, our IPFS technology
will save large amount of contents in a distributed manner, remove duplications across the network
and track version history for every file. It will be built in the form of Merkle DAG, a data structure
capable of building file systems, blockchain and webpages.
IPFS is a combination of a distributed hash table, an incentivized block exchange and a selfcertifying namespace. It has no single point of failure and individual nodes do not have to trust each
other. Thus, each network node only stores content it is interested in, and some indexing information
that helps figure out who is storing what.
In RECORD blockchain, the music contents uploaded by RecordFarm users will be indexed by
the smart contract as a hash, which is a permanent and sophisticated record on our blockchain. The
hash represents ownership of the track. Histories of data managements will be tracked in a similar
pattern, which makes sure that those who buy or listen to music can access the information at any
time as well as providing safeguarded access to the files and the files themselves in the process.

FIGURE 8: IFPS

6.3.3 RCA

(RECORD CONSENSUS ALGORITHM)

RECORD Ecosystem, developed based on the Ehtereum protocol, will use a consensus
method similar to Proof of Stake (PoS) to create new blocks. The PoS method is more efficient
compared to the pre-existing method, Proof of Work (PoW), and has the advantage of not needing
expensive mining equipment. Also, blocks can be created at a faster rate, allowing rapid
transactions to take place in the RECORD Ecosystem. Aside from the compensation that goes to
PoS participants for creating blocks, the tokens from the creation of blocks are distributed among
participants through RECORD Foundation. The ratio of distribution between the PoS participants is
decided by the ratio of RCD tokens in possession.

16

6.3.4 RRS

(RECORD RANKING SYSTEM)

In the blockchain-based RecordFarm, all users retain anonymity. Unless the users reveal the
information themselves, users do not have to go through registration processes that require inputting
their personal information. However, to prevent a single person from influencing our Ecosystem by
owning multiple accounts, information such as telephone numbers and email addresses will be
required in the registration processes. Because of anonymity, users with malicious intents or
behaviors may surface in RecordFarm. In order to impose restrictions on these malicious users and
to maintain a healthy platform, a Ranking system will be constructed.
The rank for each account will be decided relative to the activity scores and RCD tokens in
possession. The conditions below show how rankings are decided.

1. Number of content transactions
2. Curation scores from other users on registered contents
3. Communication scores from responses from other users on registered contents
4. Number of RCD tokens paid when purchasing contents
5. Number of RCD tokens received when selling contents
6. Number of RCD tokens in possession
7. Length of activity
8. Number of visits
* The conditions above are limited to activities within the platform

Activity scores are developed relative to this index, but they are not absolute. As these
conditions are fulfilled, the complexity to proceed to the next rank is increased. In other words, the
higher the rank, the more complex the conditions become to proceed to the next rank. The detailed
activity scores of these 8 conditions are based on machine learning based ranking algorithm and are
given weight according to the activity patterns of users.
There are multiple benefits received by accounts with high ranks. The contents posted by users
with high ranks are exposed more to other users of the platform. Furthermore, more users can view
the contents for longer periods of time, increasing the possibility to earn greater profits. Accounts with
high ranks can reap higher incentives by being a part of the content registration confirmation process.
However, the accounts that display consistently low (or negative) ranks are barred from using
the Ecosystem and lose the privilege of accessing the platform. Ranks for each account is updated in
real time, and the accounts that have displayed malicious behavior in the content registration process
or received numerous complaints from other users will experience a decrease in their rank.
Through collaborative filtering, RecordFarm provides various personalized recommendation
services to its listeners and musicians. Collaborative filtering finds similar users with similar patterns
based on the user’s activity information (history of playbacks, votes, visits, etc) and recommends new
contents that the user may be interested in based on their activity histories. With RecordFarm’s distinct
ranking algorithm, we are currently providing a top-tier personalized audio, playlist, musician
recommendations and ranking analysis to users. This technology has been evaluated as one of the top
data analysis skills by the Korea Data Agency in 2016.
In RecordFarm 2.0, we will apply this technology in not only song recommendation services,
but also user rankings. Based on the 8 activity scores, collaborative filtering technology will display
information in the form of a directed graph, where users are nodes and similarity are edges. A ranking
system composed of 10 stages will be built, by introducing a personalized page rank based on this
technology. Through this, users with high ranks can receive higher rewards and this ranking system
will serve an important role by preventing misuse or abuse of the platform.

17

6.3.5 SUMMARY OF ACTIVITY SCORE CALCULATIONS
In RecordFarm, the token rewards for users are different based on the user’s rank. For
instance, if 500 listeners carried out equal levels of curation activities on one song, the rewards
(a portion of the profits from the song) are distributed relative to the user’s rank. For the RRS
explained in 6.3.4 to be an accurate system of ranking users, an algorithm for activity scores
is necessary. Currently, RECORD project possess its own algorithm function accumulated in
RecordFarm 1.0. Please refer to the roadmap in section 9 to see the announcement schedule
for the new algorithm that is in plan for development.
A. Curation scores
Curation activity is a great method for increasing the value of contents. Through activities
such as voting and sharing, the competitiveness of contents is increased; textual feedback,
such as comments and blogging, serves as reference data for artists’ future works. Rewarding
listeners who are contributing to the artists’ works through various ways, is the core value
that our project has put forth.
Through additional verification (replies on comments or voting on comments), curation
activities can shape each user’s reputation. Thus, RecordFarm’s reputation algorithm includes
both qualitative and quantitative analysis. Users can’t merely carry out a large number of
curation activities, but have to carry out high-quality ones. To do this, we need an algorithm
for setting a standard for ‘high-quality’ and extracting curation activities that meet these
standards and assigning different scores to each activity. An accurate reputation algorithm will
motivate listeners to continue carrying out high-quality curation activities.
B. Communication scores
Artists can also communicate with listeners who have consumed their contents. This
includes various methods, such as replying to comments or voting on comments. When
carrying out these activities, artists get high communication scores for contributing to the
platform’s high contribution function. The communication scores only count for the artist’s own
works, a different concept from the reputation score explained above. In this process, the
owner of the curation who has received responses from artists are rewarded additional
reputation scores. Communication scores influence artists’ compensation, but it will also serve
as a motivation factor that allows close bonds to be formed between artists and fans.

18

6.4 ADVANTAGES OF RECORDFARM 2.0
Our team’s goal is to develop a ‘blockchain based music service platform’ that effectively uses
blockchain’s distributed ledger technology, allowing creators to distribute their contents worldwide
instantly while also having their rights protected. We believe this change will bring the following
advantages to the participants of RecordFarm platform.

6.4.1 FOR ARTISTS
A. Tracking Content Use
With the transparency of blockchain and smart contracts, artists can issue appropriate licenses
and listeners can prove their license ownership through the ledger, without the need of an
intermediary. This will enable artists to not only track where and how their music is being used, but
also to precisely calculate the amount of usage.
B. Maximizing Profits
Artists can expect to earn high profits by selling permanent rights of their music files to fans on
the RecordFarm 2.0 platform in the absence of intermediaries. Specifically, artists can set their own
minimum purchase prices for when users manage their contents. Listeners can only manage contents
when they pay an amount exceeding that of the minimum price. RecordFarm only takes away 5% as
the commission in the process of data management. This commission is a minimum operating expense
that artists pay, for the circulation of the RecordFarm Ecosystem. Through RecordFarm’s platform,
accurate profit distributions and transparent transactions are made possible, as well as generating
maximum profits from the high distribution ratio.
On the other hand, when artists communicate with fans who have left feedback on their
contents, the artists’ activity scores will increase because they have contributed to the platform, thus
increasing the artists’ rank based on the RRS (RECORD Ranking system). In other words, artists who
communicate more often on the platform will achieve a higher and thus a more profitable ground
when distributing profits between different artists, such as when dividing data fees.

19

6.4.2 FOR PUBLISHERS
A. Fulfilling desires for diverse music
One of RecordFarm’s distinguishing feature is that we enable both individual artists
and prominent artists signed to major record labels to be able to directly deliver their
music to listeners, without involving intermediaries. In traditional music platforms, the
releases from major record labels were always prioritized and advertised actively,
leaving little room for individual artists to be noticed. However, on RecordFarm, this is
decided based on listeners’ voluntary curations. Thus, listeners can enjoy ever-varied
contents from many different artists.
B. Listening to music while being rewarded
Listeners add value to music through curations such as voting, sharing or
commenting on the contents. RecordFarm provides fair compensations for these
contributions. From the listeners’ perspective, they are earning additional incomes that
have not been possible on any other existing music platforms.
C. Interacting directly with Artists
Listeners admire content creators with their high-quality works and thus have
desires to interact with them directly. On RecordFarm, listeners can give reviews or
leave feedbacks on contents. In this process, high-quality curations lead to higher
ranks and higher reward ratios. In a similar fashion, aside from music data
management, artists can gain higher reward ratios by carrying out communication
activities with listeners. Communication between artists and fans are encouraged in a
systematic manner.

6.4.3 INVESTORS
Following the RRS (RECORD Ranking System), investors who have purchased
tokens can become high ranking users on RecordFarm depending on the quantity of the
tokens they have purchased. Based on this, they can receive more tokens as a reward.
Tokens can be liquidated in the exchanges in the near future. Investors can also purchase
music in RecordFarm and use the tokens for various upcoming services in the open
market that is being prepared, such as purchasing tickets, goods or concerts.

20

FIGURE 9: RECORD TOKEN TO CONNECT
STAKEHOLDERS IN THE ECOSYSTEM

6.4.4 RCD TOKEN USAGE
Lastly, RecordFarm provides a convenient token economy for all participants. First
and foremost, RCD tokens can be used for transactions between creators and copyright
holders or between buyers in RecordFarm. RCD tokens, a payments solution representative
of RecordFarm, is an exclusive cryptocurrency that can be used for transactions. Content
users and buyers can pay using RCD tokens and creators will receive RCD tokens in
exchange. The RCD tokens can be exchanged as cash or can be used to buy contents from
other creators.
By using RCD tokens that are universal in a global blockchain network like RecordFarm,
we eliminate the inconvenience of having to adjust to the fluctuating currency rate every
day. Furthermore, by using RCD tokens for payments, the unnecessary time and expenses
spent on intermediaries can be greatly reduced and payments can be completed easily and
quickly. RCD token has liquidity, as it can be traded in the exchanges or transferred from
one wallet to another. Participants in RecordFarm can retrieve RCD tokens through various
ways. These retrieved tokens can then be utilized to use or possess contents shared by
others freely.
RCD token, a global payments system for transactions of music or other related
contents worldwide, is planned to be used for services not only limited to RecordFarm, but
also for concerts, tickets and related goods with API.

21

7
7

BUSINESS
MODEL

FIGURE 10: BUSINESS MODEL

7.1 DATA MANAGEMENT
When listeners use data management services, they pay service fees to artists directly. During
this transaction, RecordFarm takes away a commission of around 5%. This figure is minuscule
compared to the major music platforms and distribution companies that collect commissions of
around 60%.

7.2 DATA ANALYTICS
To manage and possess music, users can purchase audio at prices that artists have set. In this
process, RecordFarm takes away a commission of around 5%. This figure, again, is extremely
small when lined up against the large music platforms and distribution companies that charge
rates of around 60%.

7.3 OPEN API
With RecordFarm’s open API, 3rd parties can provide a variety of new services and participate in
the RECORD Ecosystem. When 3rd parties integrate in the Ecosystem, they must pay fees for using
RecordFarm’s general database through the market.
Furthermore, using RecordFarm’s own analysis technology, data regarding behaviors of
RecordFarm’s users can be provided to music media or music data services, securing a source of
earnings.

22

8
8

MARKET

8.1 SIZE

According to the IFPI (International Federation of the Phonographic Industry), the music
industry has grown significantly in recent years, mainly due to the expansion of the digital
industry. In 2016, the world’s music market grew 5.9% compared to the previous year, which
was the most rapid growth rate since IFPI started collecting market statistics from 1997. The IFPI
predicts that the market will grow by 180% in 2020, compared to the 15 billion USD increase in
2016.
With the music industry’s spontaneous growth projections and the trend of globalization,
the demand for a transparent rights and royalty management continues to increase.

FIGURE 11: GLOBAL ANNUAL RECORDED MUSIC VALUE PROJECTED IN $BN

23

8.2 COMPETITION
There are two different types of competitors: blockchain-based music platforms and traditional
music data management firms.
First of all, in terms of the blockchain based music platforms, there have been several attempts
to integrate blockchain technology into music platforms, such as Voise, Muse, Opus and Musicoin.
Many of these competitors have launched ICOs, but none of them provides a fully completed
platform service. Musicoin, which displays greater progress to the others, was created in February
of 2017, but still only offers limited functions as a music service platform. Whereas Musicoin has
a mere 1,500 artists signed up according to their recent announcement, RecordFarm already hosts
over 10,000 artists.
A key advantage is our marketability and expertise in technology, which is acknowledge
worldwide, with an inhouse built service which is home to a million monthly active users. Others
have taken notice as well, as RecordFarm was selected as a Facebook Global Venture Project.
With these outstanding qualities, reliable credit, a successful platform and a team with
unparalleled skills in the technology sector, we are confident that we will be able to launch our
upgraded service into the market in a much shorter time than our competitors.
Although traditional music firms such as Spotify and SoundCloud, are our competitors, their
current business models are the source of financial dubiousness. On top of this, they are suffering
from growing net losses since 2008, proving that their current business model is not sustainable.

FIGURE 12: NET LOSSES OF MAJOR MUSIC PLATFORMS

24

8.3 MARKETING STRATEGY
8.3.1 ONLINE MARKETING
Anyone can participate on RecordFarm and our services can be advertised
in a multitude of ways, including a Facebook page with around 300,000 users.
RecordFarm is operating various social media platforms listed below:
• Social media: Facebook, Twitter
• Blog: Medium, Bitcointalk, Steemit, Github
• SEM: Google AdWords search and network campaigns

8.3.2 INFLUENCER & CELEBRITY MARKETING
Influencer and celebrity marketing is an extremely powerful marketing tool
in entertainment related services. Problems involving royalties and the low levels
of profit distribution to artists are being highlighted more often and many agree
that these problems need to be addressed. By establishing partnerships with
prominent artists and others involved in the music industry, we will expand our
global pool of artists and listeners who lie at the heart of the RECORD Ecosystem.
With this, the platform’s value as well as the value of RCD tokens will be greatly
heightened.
Through partnerships, we are in the process of preparing various marketing
strategies to pioneer new markets. Compensations will take place with RCD tokens
in the future.

8.3.3 PRESS
Running RecordFarm 1.0 for 3 years, we were able to accumulate multiple
domestic and foreign media networks. Based on our verified technology and
marketability after receiving MWC Top 3 Asia Music App, Korea Data Agency
Award, K-Global DB-Stars Top Project and a Facebook partnership, we were in the
spotlight several times thanks to a list of domestic and foreign press agencies.
Furthermore, RECORD Foundation has called forth the proficiency of leading
advisors who have years of experience in the field of media. We won’t only rely
on these connections, but also release insightful statistics of the music industry
using our own analytics engine. This data will be information that the press will
actively seek out, and subsequently align the press agencys’ object of ‘providing
information’ rather than simply ‘advertising.’

25

26

27

10

TOKEN
DISTRIBUTION

10.1 OVERVIEW
Although a myriad of projects are raising funds based solely on an idea and whitepaper,
detached from an actual service, we have been successfully running our service for 3
years. Our service has acquired a wide user base, established business partnerships and
received numerous media coverage, all of which acknowledges our business value.
And now, to ascend our organization to a new level, we are planning to launch an ICO. We
decided to fund further development of the service with an ICO because of three main
reasons:
1) To bring about a decentralized database
2) To implement a curation algorithm
3) To carry out aggressive global partnerships
RECORD Foundation already secured an angel investment. This reassures our credibility
to token buyers, as they are contributing to a project that has gone through the rigorous
scrutiny of due diligence by VCs and angel investors.
A total of 300 million RCD tokens will be generated in the ICO and will be distributed in
the following ratios.

FIGURE 13: TOKEN DISTRIBUTION

50% of the total generated tokens will be on sale for the ICO, 18% for Founders & Team
(6 months of vesting period), 15% for building the RecordFarm Ecosystem, 5% for
investors, 8% for advisors and ambassadors, and 4% for the bounty program.

28

Overview of RECORD (RCD) Token Sale:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Name of token: RECORD
Symbol: RCD
Type: ERC20
Token Price: 1 RCD = 0.1 USD
Fundraising Goal: 15,000,000 USD
Contribution method: ETH
Total number of tokens generated: 300,000,000 RCD
Total number of tokens on sale: 150,000,000 RCD (50%)

FIGURE 14: TOKEN LOGO

The ICO will be composed of the pre-sale and crowdsale. The Crowdsale will be
divided into three rounds: A, B and C.
Pre-sale: Starts on April 15, 2018 (GMT)
Crowdsale: Starts on April 30, 2018 ~ June 30, 2018 (GMT)

- Minimum contribution amount: 5,000 RCD
- Maximum contribution amount: 10,000,000 RCD for pre-sale and 50,000,000 RCD for crowd sale
*Unsold tokens will be burned if the ICO is not successfully completed (hard cap).

The ownership of the token does not include the right of/to:
• ownership of the company
• ownership of the service’s IP
• demand profits from the service
• participation in decision making (*exceptions can be made in the event of
a special occasion)

29

10.2 PRE-SALE
Date: April 15, 2018 (GMT) ~ April 22, 2018 (GMT)
Token exchange rate: 1 RCD = 0.0800 USD (20% Discount)
Minimum contribution amount: 5,000 RCD
Maximum contribution amount: 10,000,000 RCD
Contribution method: ETH
* ETH/USD exchange rate will be locked based on April 14 and it will be valid for the
entire time.

10.3 MAIN SALE: ROUND A,B,C
Date:
-

April 30, 2018 (GMT) ~ June 30, 2018 (GMT)
Round A: Until the first 45,000,000 RCD is all sold (10% Discount)
Round B: Until the second 45,000,000 RCD is all sold (5% Discount)
Round C: Until the third (last) 45,000,000 RCD is all sold (No Discount)

*Unsold tokens will be burned if the ICO is not successfully completed (hard cap).
*IF hardcap is not reached, there is no bounty rewards.

Minimum contribution amount: 5,000 RCD
Maximum contribution amount: 50,000,000 RCD
Contribution method: ETH
* ETH/USD exchange rate will be locked based on April 29 and it will be valid for the entire
time.
Schedule of token distribution after ICO
Distribution of tokens to the purchaser’s account located at our website
(recordfoundation.org) will be completed in accordance with the terms and conditions
provided at the website, by the later of:
a) within two weeks upon completion of the token sale, or within two weeks from the
date when the hard cap is reached. (However, note that RECORD Foundation may
extend the delivery deadline if necessary, in order to address any unforeseen
technical difficulties. In the event this occurs, purchasers will be notified through
the RECORD Foundation official website), or
b) within two weeks after the purchaser has provided complete and accurate
information required in KYC (refer to 10.5 for information regarding KYC).

30

10.4: USE OF FUNDS

FIGURE 15: USE OF REVENUE

60%: R&D AND EMPLOYEES
This percentage of funds will be used to cover the fees for the development of the
platform, which includes: necessary interfaces and applications; tools for creating
smart contract; blockchain solutions for building a system of dispute settlements.
This budget also includes the costs for the expansion of the current R&D center, as
well as fees for additional consultations with experts in the field.

20%: ADMINISTRATION & OPERATIONS
This budget is allocated to cover the expenses of the back-office, as well as the
salaries of all the employees, excluding the development center.

17%: MARKETING & EDUCATION CAMPAIGNS
We have allocated the budget for online marketing campaigns for attracting
advertisers and bloggers and for retaining users. You can find out about the project’s
marketing initiatives in the “8.3 Marketing Strategy” chapter.

3%: LEGAL
This budget will cover the legal expenses for platform development and operation.

31

10.5 KNOW YOUR CUSTOMER (“KYC”)
At any time during the ICO process, or after the completion of the ICO,
RECORD Foundation will send a request to each purchaser to provide information
to verify his/her identity. The purchaser will be required to provide a copy of
his/her ID (passport, driving license or national ID card), and residence
information. RECORD Foundation reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to
request the purchaser to provide additional information, including, but not limited
to, the address, source of funds, or any other information in purchaser’s account
(form), such as the date of birth, citizenship or country of residence. Completion
of KYC is a required and fundamental condition to token distribution. All
purchasers are required to complete the KYC procedure to purchase tokens.

10.6 BOUNTY CAMPAIGN
We have allocated 4% of tokens to communication managers, participants
in the open bounty campaign, and the future partners. They will be recruited before
the pre-sale and during the ICO. They will be running various online
communication activities using platforms such as Twitter, Telegram, Facebook and
blogs. With a successful ICO (hardcap reached), a minimum of 5,000 RCD to a
maximum of 100,000 RCD will be allocated to each individual.
Details of the bounty program will be continuously updated on the official
website (recordfoundation.org).

32

11.1 OUR TEAM

11.2 Advisor & Ambassador
Advisor

Keith Teare

Denzyl Feigelson

Richard Kastelein

Founder of Accelerated Digital Ventures

CEO and cofounder of Platoon

FOUNDER OF BLOCKCHAIN NEWS

Ltd
Keith
Teare
is a leading
technology
Founding
shareholder
of TECHCRUNCH

Denzyl

and

Richard Kastelein is an award-winning publisher,

entrepreneur, having co-founded TechCrunch

musician who has been a strategic advisor to

entrepreneur, and a director of the education

and has a remarkable track record, playing a

Apple in music and digital media after being

company Blockchain Partners (Oracle Partner).

recruited by Steve Jobs in 2001. He played an

He has written over 1500 articles on Blockchain

leading role in over a dozen successful
projects, including Archimedes Labs, EasyNet,
and Real Names, valued at over $1 billion. Like

Feigelson

is

an

entrepreneur,

instrumental role in launching iTunes, Apple

published on ICOs in Harvard Business Review

with global brands such as Coca-Cola as a music

the RECORD project, he once established a

strategist and helped manage Paul Simon’s

similar project for the favor of artists, but it

album “Graceland.” Currently, as the co-founder

was too early to succeed according to his

and CEO of Platoon, a platform for independent

statement. This time he is very enthusiastic to

artists, he is ready to introduce the global artists

bring the idea to success with the RECORD

technology at Blockchain News & has also

Music, and Apple Music Festival. He has worked

& Venturebeat. With blockchain technology, he
is very passionate to solve the unfair revenue
issues among the artists.

to join the vision of RECORD project.

Foundation.

Minhwa Lee, PhD

Junic Kim, PhD

PROFESSOR OF KAIST

PROFESSOR OF KONKUK UNIVERSITY

Prof. Minhwa Lee is a professor of KAIST and established S.

Prof. Junic Kim is a professor of Konkuk

Korea’s first venture company, Medison Co., Ltd. in 1985, which

University and a serial entrepreneur with a

has grown into a global medical equipment company. With this

passion

unparalleled experience, he promoted and contributed to the

for

innovative

technology

and

business strategy. He also works as an

establishment of more than 30 medical companies, which now

external

accounts for 70% of S. Korea’s medical equipment exports. He

advisor

for

international

and

government organisations.

also played a leading role in founding Korea Venture Business
Association in 1995, in enacting special laws on venture
companies and in establishing KOSDAQ.

Ambassador

Alex An
AMBASSADOR FOR EUROPE

Geumbin Lee

ALEXANDER FEREZ

AMBASSADOR FOR ASIA

AMBASSADOR FOR AMERICA

Alex is an online entrepreneur, helping businesses

As a multilingual person, Geumbin leads the

Alexander is a mass communication expert

successfully transition to digital. He worked for a

expansion of the Japanese and Korean markets,

and has extensive experience promoting

global digital marketing team and successfully built

including

and

projects and startups. He is in charge of

his own digital marketing companies in Greece and

development. She has studied at the University of

marketing, promotion and partnerships at

Korea. Alex has been living in Greece and other

Tokyo’s international program.

RECORD Foundation.

promotion,

marketing,

nearby European countries for 20 years.

34

12

DISCLAIMER

This whitepaper’s sole purpose is to inform potential contributors and participants for
building the RECORD Ecosystem. This whitepaper is non-binding in every respect and
does not create any legal obligation of any kind on any person. This paper’s purpose is
to outline, explain and summarize the general direction of the product and is intended
for information purposes only and doesn't mandate the inclusion into any form of
contracts. It is not our obligation to deliver any material, code, or functionality, and
should not be relied upon when making decisions for investments or purchasing. The
launch and implementation of the RECORD Ecosystem is dependent upon several factors
and risks including regulatory risks, participation from users, the adoption of blockchain
technology and the continued development of the Ethereum platform. Please note that
information in this whitepaper does not require RECORD Foundation or any of its related
branches to take any action to develop or implement the RECORD Ecosystem. RECORD
Foundation reserves the right to abandon the RECORD Ecosystem and/or to alter the
implementation of the RECORD Ecosystem as outlined in this whitepaper, at any time,
for any reason. Future and prospective users or participants of the RECORD Ecosystem
are advised to contribute and participate at their own risks, without relying on the
information provided in this whitepaper.

35

