1

Cut​ ​out​ ​m arketing​ ​middleman​ by​ ​directly rewarding​ ​
influencers​ ​a nd​ ​g amers​ to​ ​p romote and​ ​p lay​ video​ ​g ames.

Advised by:

v1.3
team@refereum.com

2

Contents
￼
￼
￼
￼
￼
￼

3

Abstract

4

Marketing Challenges

5

Influencer Challenges

6

Refereum​​Solution

8

Blockchain​​Background

9

Refereum​​Economy

10

Referral​​Success

11

Earn.Refereum.com

12

Example Usage

14

Twitch​​-​​Top​​Influencers

15

Unity​​-​​Most​​Popular​​Game​​Engine

17

Open​​Initiatives

18

Blockchain​​Architecture​​Overview

20

Conclusion

21

Team​​Leads

23

Advisors

24

Roadmap

25

Allocation

26

Token​​Specifications

27

Utility Usage Review

28

Citations

31

Disclaimer

￼

￼

￼

￼

￼

￼

￼

￼

￼

￼
￼

￼

￼

3

Abstract
Over $170 billion has been spent on digital advertising annually in recent years [1], yet the industry
is plagued with legacy inefficiencies. At $108 billion annually, video games are one of the largest
and most profitable segments of the entertainment industry, surpassing the US film industry
[2]. Unfortunately, recent years show that game budgets have shifted from content creation to
skyrocketing marketing costs enforced by the current monopoly on advertising avenues. While
game streamers and content creators have amassed the most subscribers of anyone on the internet
[3], they remain frustrated by the limited opportunities to monetize their followings [4]; their fate is
decided by centralized platforms. A generation’s dream of being paid to play video games is locked
behind an industry status quo enforced monopolizing marketing corporations.
The Refereum (RFR) utility token is a decentralized referral marketing and cash reward platform that
solves these problems.
Refereum’s open-market approach removes the legal costs of individualized marketing deals
while making digital advertising middlemen irrelevant. Instead of letting marketing budgets go
to another advertising conglomerate, Refereum funds engagement for cash awards in the gaming
community and enables superior acquisition of new players. Refereum directly connects these
groups, allowing gamers to make money sharing and playing video games, influencers to
effectively monetize their followings, and studios to maximize the efficiency of marketing spend
and player engagement.
Refereum is backed by a veteran game industry team with leadership experience from Electronic
Arts, Zynga, Google, and other prominent gaming and platform roles. The smart contracts have
been written by world-renowned white hat cryptography and cryptocurrency experts who have
served from Tether to Polybius, and other similar high-profile initiatives. Refereum is advised by
Twitch, the world’s largest gaming influencer platform, and Unity, the most widely used game
engine in the industry.

4

Marketing​ ​Challenges
The largest inefficiency in the $108 billion dollar game industry today is the cost of customer
acquisition, and this cost is growing at 113% a year [5]. Video game consumers are exploding
in number, surpassing 2.2 billion people [6], yet reaching this vast and growing demographic
of players grows in price because video game studios must dedicate a rising ratio of spend to
conventional advertising channels. Mobile and desktop games are seeing marketing costs grow
from less than a dollar to more than $15 to acquire a single new player [7], while game creators of
any success level still have to rely on sponsored content via social media. While spend on ads is
likely to exceed $37 billion in 2017 [8], the market is becoming saturated and losing effectiveness
with most technically savvy consumers [9]. Finding specific types of effective marketing channels
continues to increase in difficulty, especially if the addressable market is the entire digital world.
There are many ad networks with low quality audiences and sub-optimal tools that game studios
are forced to invest a lot of time, energy and resources to find relevant players. On top of that,
it’s often hard to track ROI and conversions because there is no direct link between players and
the particular ad network. Within existing channels, targeting specific types of players can be
exasperating: developers currently have no choice but to pay companies such as Google and
Facebook to create “buzz,” and they have no other scalable solutions to directly involve or
engage players through marketing efforts. This high price for customer acquisition is then passed
to customers through aggressive monetization tactics, perpetuating the problem.

5

Influencer​​Challenges
Twitch and YouTube video game influencers entertain the largest audiences in the world
[3], with games like Dota 2 surpassing 32 million viewers [11] compared to just 20 million for
Sunday Night Football [10]. As viewers shift away from mainstream television towards YouTube,
the content they watch also changes. Middleman companies for games are popping up to take
advantage of developers and content creators, knowing that 84% of marketers are searching for
this type of influencer marketing [13]. Gamers making videos and streaming new games have
become a billion-dollar industry in themselves. By sharing their gameplay and interacting with
fans in real time, Twitch and YouTube influencers draw massive attention to the games they play;
attracting these influencers has become a critical component of any successful marketing strategy
in today’s market.
In the current ecosystem, these influencers are unable to fulfill the monetary potential of their
fanbase [4]. Influencers create loyal and engaged audiences from personal, interactive, and realtime relationships around specific game products. A new generation dreams of becoming fulltime streamers, but the barriers to entry are high. Those who overcome them face the constant
challenge of sustaining their income from their passion. While some very elite influencers profit
by licensing out their brands, the vast majority are limited in how to generate income from such
passion. Current methods have fallen prey to numerous examples of large centralized platforms
changing policies to the detriment of the creator: YouTube’s most subscribed influencer,
PewDiePie, has gone on record decrying Google policy changes that negatively affect his gaming
channel’s revenue [12]. Currently, streamers attempt to deploy dozens of complicated techniques,
from disruptive banner ads to unrelated endorsements in a largely unsuccessful attempt to
monetize content. While the act is normalized, it’s most common for streamers to passively wait
for donations from strangers.
Game developers attempt to incentivize and reward players for recommending games to their
friends, but the mechanisms through which to do this are obtuse, rudimentary, and expensive.
The current approach to influencer marketing has employees manually identify possible
influencers, cold-contact them one by one, and legally negotiate separate unique deal terms
with each influencer. The process is not only time-consuming and costly, but also delivers
unpredictable results. Expensive game marketers, struggling game developers, and frustrated
influencers are seeing their margins getting thinner across every possible angle.

6

Refereum​​Solution
Refereum solves these problems with an open-market approach that scales across any influencer
platform, country border, and language. Influencers have the agency to choose relevant and
monetizable content that’s for their fanbases. They have clear goals to earn Refereum that can be
traded for cash value. Anyone with any level of influence can participate, including regular fans or
individuals by simply sharing a game with a friend. Refereum enables unrivaled developer control
over acquisition and reward criteria. Developers can choose what counts as a “referral,” moving
beyond the industry precedent of only counting installs. For instance, instead of paying for installs
that result in little or no engagement, developers only pay for quality traffic that makes it past the
first level. Additionally, even basic implementations of Refereum severely limit fake traffic and
bot installs, as human input for gameplay is often more effective than a captcha [14] [15]. Game
studios no longer require massive budgets and legal paperwork to offer players cash rewards.
They can award anything from one cent for each viewer who joins a Twitch stream during a
12-hour launch window, right up to a flat $10,000 eSports tournament prize. The economic
rewards of the currency cannot be manipulated, because any tokens given out must first be
bought and stocked into the game.
Influencer adoption is accelerated by a close relationship with Twitch, the most popular and
established game streaming platform. Additionally, the implementation of Refereum itself is
made remarkably simple for game developers through Refereum’s collaboration with Unity,
the most commonly used game engine. Award bounties will be highlighted in-game and on Earn.
Refereum.com for anyone to access and earn. Having already built a public proof of concept of
this technology, the Refereum team’s work shows that such solutions are not only possible, but
well within grasp.

7

TRADITIONAL

REFEREUM

8

Blockchain​​Background
Blockchain is a relatively young industry, but its inherent freedom from geographical constraints
and legacy payment systems, proficiency in resisting censorship, ability to bypass middlemen, as
well as other technical feats, [16] has it surpassing a $140+ billion industry valuation today [17]. The
value of a cryptocurrency lies in the fundamental value it offers as a tool. The video game industry
has specific and systemic problems that can be solved with blockchain. The $427 billion typically
spent on advertising can instead be redistributed to individual consumers via Refereum.
Quickly imagine a game of heads or tails. Two people can write a contract to bet money on the
outcome of a coin toss. What if the contract was written on — or rather, in — the flipped coin?
This is a smart contract. An Ethereum (ERC20) token is programmed with the information of the
contract, the wallets of potential recipients, and a way of objectively determining the outcome.
Refereum blockchain contracts are based in real world influence and recommendations of fun.
Refereum is a smart contract-based solution; users make a referral or fulfill some criteria, and
the reward is automatically distributed to everyone involved. It has been impossible to reward
players with fiat currency because of complex legislative and geopolitical restrictions, but this
blockchain solution removes such barriers. It not only enables engagement rewards, but also
connects and transfers value across previously separate game worlds. The global marketing
industry is ripe for disruption by this smarter decentralized technology.

9

Refereum​​Economy
The philosophy of blockchain revolves around decentralization [16]. Modern inefficiencies have
been debilitating with no implementable industry-wide solution — until Refereum. For the first
time, we can distribute and transact value without the need of an intermediary.
For an economic system to grow, there needs to be an ecology of needs, suppliers, and
innovators. The Refereum economy is primed for this growth with gamers, influencers, and
game developers. Developers buy Refereum to pay influencers. Players and Influencers extract
real world value from their Refereum awards, or spend it in-game.
Developers purchase Refereum via credit card through a partnership with connext, or from any
open market or exchange. The currency is easily implemented in a game by an asset store tool
for Unity, or any other game engine. With open source and documented instructional use cases,
game developers easily create triggers to reward Refereum in their game according criteria of
their choosing. Gamers can link any wallet or address to receive Refereum. Refereum will then
be traded for fiat currencies in numerous exchanges. As there is a finite amount of Refereum, any
marketers purchasing it create a rising value of each Refereum token. Protection policies for the
token will be deployed.

Influencers

Refer others for Refereum to cash out

Players

Earn Refereum to cash out or buy Refereum for content

Developers

Buy Refereum to get prime traffic

10

Referral​​Success
Decision-making and purchasing behavior have revolved around social influence since the
start of society. Referral marketing is highlighted as the key factor in countless success stories,
from Dropbox to Uber. In general, 84% of people are driven by recommendations from people
they know or trust [18] [19]. This is particularly true in the tight-knit and highly opinionated
communities of gamers. Compared to other marketing channels, referred consumers have the
best conversion to purchase, a higher lifetime value, and better retention in a product [20]. Of
the $924 billion global marketing spending, $142 billion went to direct and referral marketing.
This type of marketing is consistently prominent because consumers unwaveringly rely on others
for recommendations.
Individual consumers inherently provide relevant product information to new customers through
the context of the interaction. Social relevance provides this backbone, particularly in the gameplaying space where multiplayer engagement is driven by groups and trends online. Referral
success is no secret; an analysis of over 600 generalized consumer-facing companies revealed
that 62% cited referral traffic as the most effective strategy [21]. Cognitive fluency confirms
that the easier an offer is to understand, the more likely it will be accepted [22]. Offers with
recommendation by referral are accessible, relatable, targeted, and trustworthy.
Developers who design referrals on social media platforms like Facebook have created some
of the highest grossing games ever. In just one year, from 2008 to 2009, game companies that
used referrals saw growth from 3 million to 40 million average daily users [24]. If we resist against
companies self-centered changes to serve their own agenda, any game company can leverage
these best-performing marketing techniques — forever.

Referrals

Email

Social media
Events
Print

TV

11

Earn.Refereum.com
Alongside in-game explanations, incentives can be set up and broadcast in an open source list
of awards hosted on Earn.Refereum.com fueled by Refereum. This platform allows any consumer,
marketer, or influencer to gain information about transparent bounties for games. For the first
time, influencers have agency in an open market to monetize what’s relevant to them and their
fanbase. The instant payouts of the blockchain are featured with real-time updates, which creates
urgency and adds to a fear of missing out on the cash awards. This highlights scarcity, which
accelerates growth of the platform, encourages discussion of strategy to complete the awards,
and even provides a thrill when securing awards. The criteria to fulfill awards will be up to the
creativity of the developers, and will vary in terms of the types of engagement, the windows of
time to complete the bounties, and the reward amounts offered.
This fidelity of developer control replaces the outdated key performance indicators that
conventional marketing has revolved around for years. This fast-growing [25] open market will
quickly complete a basic install referral cheaply, but the referral of a prominent eSports player
would be much harder and rightfully more expensive. A YouTube influencer could demo a new
game and encourage fans to buy it through their unique URL. That YouTuber would highlight that
fans who use the link also get bonus Refereum, making all parties feel great about the purchase.
A Twitch streamer could be specifically rewarded for playing a multiplayer game with their
subscribers on release day. Game developers could even pay players to return to their games.
This level of control opens a new world of incentivization possibilities for the game industry.

12

Example Usage
Gamer
Rod comes home after a day at work and enjoys playing his favorite competitive video game. He
can’t afford to quit his day job to enter an eSports team. Before, Rod felt that he might be wasting
his time by playing too many video games without tangible return.
With Refereum, Rod sees that his favorite video game is offering a 1,000 Refereum token reward
for the top 50 players on this month’s leaderboard. Rod is good enough at the game to place in
the top 50. He trades Refereum at a third party exchange, and pays his rent with his video game
winnings. Rod now makes money playing video games, and can even consider quitting his job
and making a living through participation in eSports tournaments instead.
Influencer
Rachel is trying to support herself as a full-time streamer playing video games on Twitch. She has
a solid following, but she’s not in the top 1% of streamers. Before, Rachel had to wait and hope
that strangers would donate to her stream.
With Refereum, Rachel can open Earn.Refereum.com and find a relevant bounty to complete.
Her fans love to play multiplayer co-op games with her, so she chooses an appropriate referral
bounty for herself and her fans. She streams the game and posts a unique URL for her fans to buy
it through. Both Rachel and her fans get bonus Refereum if purchases are made through the link,
so Rachel feels great mentioning the deal and rewarding her fanbase. When fans visit the stream
and decide to buy the game — whether it’s in general, or specifically to play with her — Rachel
makes Refereum from every purchase. She can trade her Refereum to increase profits from her
streaming career, using it to grow her following and further perpetuate her streaming success.
Developer
Radical Games have spent their company savings creating an awesome action game they know
players will love. Before, the studio had to spend their marketing budget on ineffective Facebook
ads — or had to try to manually identify relevant individual streamers, source their contacts,
attempt to negotiate a separate contract with each streamer, and then repeat the process as
much as possible to try and get a return on the time investment.
With Refereum, Radical Games simply add the Refereum Unity plugin to their game, specify
some referral criteria, purchase Refereum with a credit card (via partnership with connext) or on
an exchange, and post the game on Earn.Refereum.com. They’re happy to offer a considerable
award of 3 Refereum tokens for every streamer’s referral purchase, because they know they’ll
make the money back through the cost of the game. Radical Games can see and track links
between in-game players and their marketing spending. Radical Games also offers a pool of
Refereum that’s split between anyone who beats the game on launch day, so that they make a
splash on the Steam charts and maximize their return from minimal spend.

13

“​​We​​strive​​to​​help​​streamers​​
and​​game​​developers.​​We
know​​Refereum​​shares​​these​​
goals,​​and​​we​​plan​​to​​keep
collaborating​​on​​the​​future​​of​​
game​​streaming.​​”
—​​Ernest​​Le,​​
Director​​of​​Publisher​​&​​Developer​​
Partnerships​​at​​Twitch

14

Twitch​​— ​Top​Influencers
Influencers’ streams are well on the way to replacing TV [25] [26]. When Amazon purchased
Twitch for nearly $1 billion, some were surprised that a website dedicated to watching people
play games could be worth so much. A closer look at its user base, user engagement, and user
retention statistics shows why Twitch is so valuable.
Twitch has over 1 million unique broadcasters creating over 6 million videos a month. These
videos attract 45 million unique gamers a month, each of whom watch this content for an average
of 1.5+ hours a day [3]. The fact that Twitch has an API with numerous account and viewership
statistics propels the creation of this flexible and highly automated bounty system. Reaching out
to all these individuals separately is an impossible task, but setting up a bounty for any influencer
to fulfill is easy. In this latter scenario, campaigns do not have to be hand-targeted towards
specific individuals; instead, engagement is driven by influencers themselves checking the
platform. The content they create is already an ad for the game itself, and Refereum capitalizes
on this. Additionally, Refereum works across country borders with other top streaming platforms
like Korea’s Afreeca and China’s Huya and Douya. Before Refereum, there were no marketing
solutions that thrived in these intimate and real-time relationships between influencers and their
fans. These incentives provide the perfect foundation for growth on a viral curve, as it offers the
easiest and most effective way for influencers to monetize their passion.

15

Unity​​—​​Most​​Popular​Game​​Engine
Unity is the most used game engine ever. It has the largest market share of developer use and
it deploys to every gaming platform — from mobile to VR. Unity games have been downloaded
5 billion times [27] by players on over 2.4 billion unique devices [28]. From their asset store,
Unity will provide one-click implementation of Refereum tools for any developer in its immense
ecosystem. It is an especially easy implementation for the majority of game genres that already
rely on any virtual currency to progress. This tool allows developers to implement Refereum into
any current or future game with ease.
With trivial implementation for any game engine (including Unreal, Crysis, Lumberyard, custom
engines, and more), Refereum removes barriers for developers using blockchain technology. With
such wide use, Unity provides the ideal home for Refereum to become the leading altcoin in the
video game industry.

16

“​​We​​plan​​to​​support​​
Refereum​​tools​​and​​assets​​to​​
help developers​​keep​​being​  ​
successful​​with​​Unity.​​“
— ​Ian​​Dunlap,​​
Asset​​Store​Manager ​at​​Unity

17

Open​​Initiatives
We believe in the open source approach for security, developer ease of use, further adoption
of platforms, and its support for our core values of decentralization. Usage of this open source
blockchain rejects centralization of control and mandates transparency. We have already created
an open source example of earning (testnet) Refereum inside a game for anyone to see on
Refereum.com. As developers implement rewards for influencers, they might look toward other
applications of Refereum for best practices. Simple or widely useful implementations will be
stored in a public and easily accessible repository with detailed documentation. Companies like
Acquia and Red Hat have very successfully monetized open source codebases through custom
implementation services. The software world has a strong list of success stories that opensource their efforts and offer services for industry players who happily pay for speed and quality
development.
The architecture of Refereum’s smart contracts are authored by Oleksii Matiiasevych, the
same white hat who rescued and returned $1.4 million [29] worth of Ethereum to projects
and individuals during the multi-sig exploit in July. We have created a solid foundation and
look forward to working closely with the open source community to provide the best technical
solutions.

18

Blockchain​​Architecture​​Overview
The​​architecture​​of​​the​​Refereum​​blockchain​​token​​is​​core​​to​​the​​technology​​and complies​​to​​the​​
ERC20 [30]​​ s​ tandard.​​Participating​​parties​​are​​expected​​to​​interact​​with​​the system​​using​​wide​​
variety​​of​​Ethereum​​client​​libraries​​and​​nodes.
•

Refereum​​contract​.​T
​ he​​primary​​refereum​​contract,​​maintained​​by​​Refereum.

•

Refereum​​Sample​​Contract​.​​Reference​​referral​​program​​contract,​​provided​​in Refereum​​plugin​
tools​​/​​SDK.​​Includes​​a​​referral​​fee​​distribution​​mechanism.

•

Game​.​D
​ eveloped​​by​​other​​developers,​​these​​solutions​​can​​use​​customized​​referral program​​
contract​​to​​allow​​developers​​freedom​​in​​their​​criteria.

•

Refereum​​plugin​​/​​SDK​.​​Provided​​by​​Refereum​​to​​s treamline​​the​​usage​​of​​its​​smart contracts​​
for​​C#​​and​​C++​​programming​​languages.

19

contract​​ERC20​​{
​​​​​​​​function​​totalSupply()​​constant​​returns​​(uint​​totalSupply);
​​​​​​​​function​​balanceOf(address​​_owner)​​constant​​returns​​(uint​​balance);
​​​​​​​​function​​transfer(address​​_to,​​uint​​_value)​​returns​​(bool​​success);
​​​​​​​​function​​transferFrom(address​​_from,​​address​​_to,​​uint​​_value)​​returns​​(bool​​success); ​​​​​​​​
function​​approve(address​​_spender,​​uint​​_value)​​returns​​(bool​​success);
​​​​​​​​function​​allowance(address​​_owner,​​address​​_spender)​​constant​​returns​​(uint remaining);
​​​​​​​​event​​Transfer(address​​indexed​​_from,​​address​​indexed​​_to,​​uint​​_value);
​​​​​​​​event​​Approval(address​​indexed​​_owner,​​address​​indexed​​_spender,​​uint​​_value);
​ ​}

20

Conclusion
Altcoins began with video games. One of the first massively adopted Bitcoin exchanges was based
almost entirely on game currency. Now, the benefits of blockchain circle back to evolve the way
video games are played.
Entertainment is one of the most joyful aspects of the human experience. Refereum evolves digital
marketing and engagement, rewards players for sharing their enthusiasm about a game, and
bypasses middlemen to acquire targeted players for less. Refereum empowers game influencers
to effectively monetize their community, maximizes game studio marketing spend, and allows
anyone to make money playing video games.

21

Team​​Leads
Our​​team​​consists​​of​​industry​​veterans​​in​​both​​the​​game​​and​​digital​​advertising​​space. Get​​
more​​information​​regarding​​team​​member’s​​blogs,​​social​​media,​​past​​work​​history, and​​more​​on​​
Refereum.com.​​We also work with a team of top smart contract developers working for Ambisafe.
Get even more details​​by​​contacting​​​team@Refereum.com​.

Dylan​ ​Jones ­— Founder
Dylan is well-versed in the challenges of making successful games; after helping design some of the
highest-grossing Facebook and mobile titles of all time, he spreads the knowledge by working with
developers at various game platforms. He founded game co-working space Gamenest, and advo-

cates decentralized systems at conferences globally and his wide-reaching Meetups in San Francisco.

Alistair Doulin — Chief Technical
Alistair is a game industry veteran who has worked on multiple high profile game and engine projects. He’s a successful programmer, speaker, blogger, and dedicated Ethereum miner, while also
advising on multiple creative and enterprise cryptocurrency projects.

Oleksii Matiiasevych — Smart Contract Author
Oleskii saved and returned millions of dollars of Ethereum in July’s multi-sig exploit and mentors
others to mature blockchain security. He writes Refereum’s smart contracts.

Sloane​​Earl — Business Development
Sloane started her career in the game industry as a traditional and digital concept artist, with her

industry knowledge and charisma soon leading her into a role as Business Development Manager at
game animation studio Plastic Wax. She now travels internationally, visiting studios and conventions
in search of the industry’s best talent and most exciting projects.

22

Nick​​Klingsmith — Tools Developer
Nick single-handedly created some of Unity’s most downloaded tools on the asset store. He also
spent four years at Zynga as a tools programmer. When he’s not helping developers make their
games better, he’s maintaining his Ethereum nodes.

Brad​​Johnson — Game and Web Developer
Brad develops game and web platforms and is a consistent altcoin trader. He comes from a long

background of testing and security on notable titles, such as the Star Wars franchise at LucasArts and
has since shifted to making web platforms.

Katie​ ​Williams — Communications
Katie has been writing about games for a decade; she is primarily known for her journalism work for

online and print outlets including IGN, PC Gamer, GameSpy, PC PowerPlay, and more. She is now an
editor at Google Play, where she shapes the editorial vision of Google Play’s new Editors’ Choice for
games..

Mark​​Maratea — Engine Developer
Mark is a game industry veteran with over 15 years of experience. Having created key architecture for
a variety games at EA, there’s nobody better to help others with the implementation of Refereum.

Zane Witherspoon — Blockchain Developer
Zane is a well known blockchain developer in the Bay Area, having worked and advised on

multiple startups in the space like Rakugo. He is also known for being very active in the Ethereum
scene, running multiple Ethereum meetups.

23

Advisors
Visit us online to learn more, or contact team@refereum.com.

​

Ernest Le
Ernest has spent over five years at Twitch as Director of Publishers and Developer Partnerships.

Ian Dunlap
Ian has spent over five years at Unity managing the Unity Asset Store ecosystem.

Koh Kim
Koh currently advises game startups on marketing and business development strategy. During her

Google tenure, Koh helped launched and grow multiple Google products in business development
and marketing roles. She was also an early member of the Google Play Games Business

Development team where she led international market expansion with industry influencers.

Andrii Zamovsky
Andrii is the founder of Ambisafe, managing its world-class smart contract team and leading its
initiative to bring blockchain to the mainstream.

24

Roadmap
Open source demo based on Refereum for public use on the testnet, allowing Refereum to
be spent in games.
​

Preparation for token sale in coordination with legal, partners, and advisers.

Q2 2018 - Completion of the core Earn.Refereum.com functionality with open source technical
implementations and game developer documentation.
Q3 2018 - Comprehensive Twitch API integration with Unity asset store tools (and other engines),
with detailed open source documentation for developer best practice engagement options.
Q4 2018 - Additional features and marketing with top games for the Earn.Refereum.com.
Partnering with connext, anyone can purchase Refereum with credit cards.
Q4 2018 - To further drive token usage, we’ll partner with and incentivize top Twitch games and
streamers to maximise the Refereum ecosystem.
Q1 2019 - Further partner and fund exclusive Refereum content with eSport sponsorships and
maximising Twitch API integration with our Unity plugin.
Q1 2020 - Accelerate expansion into additional industries using Refereum. Starting with other
high-use referral industries (from dapps to fashion) we’ll rapidly broaden our affiliate traffic
backend for any industry.

25

Allocation
The Referuem token alloction stands as:

26

Token​​specifications
Currency​​Code

RFR

Type

Utility​​Token

Decimal​​places

4

Reissuable

Yes

Total token premine​​amount

5,000,000,000

Token sale amount

2,500,000,000

ICAP​​currency​​code

RFR

ICAP​​organization​​code

RFRM

Tokens can be purchased on Refereum.com during the sale. Further details of the sale will be
announced. Tokens are purchased with Ethereum and Bitcoin. Tokens will be required for the main
value proposition of the platform. Tokens are inherently functional in both their utility for the value
proposition proposed and in our example game today.

27

Utility Usage Review
The Refereum token acts as a utility payment for Earn.Refereum.com, and for transferring value
between holders. Like many virtual coins or items in games, Refereum tokens hold real cash value
for content. Currently, players invite friends into a game in order to obtain virtual coins that unlock
new content, or simply purchase the coins outright. Similarly, the Refereum token holds the same
value for this content and for the act of inviting friends.
Purchasers first buy the tokens. They implement the Refereum plugin into their game or product,
and set specific criteria on how to unlock Refereum tokens. They may also choose to charge
Referum tokens in their game or product using the same plugin. This plugin then rewards players
or users with Refereum virtual coins. This plugin makes basic implementation easy, and further
criteria will be set in the game’s code and native language. It is the game’s plugin and secure
blockchain protocol that rewards tokens. Twitch, Unity, and other large platforms do not have to
hold or deal with securing tokens, keeping the coin platform-agnostic.
Potential purchasers can buy these Refereum tokens for use during the token sale on November
13th, 2017. Eventually, there are planned other purchase options through partnerships with
connext, who specialize in allowing anyone to buy ERC-20 tokens via credit card. Players or
purchases may trade these tokens between themselves using various methods. (Refereum does
not offer a way to trade tokens, but it’s common for third party exchanges that specialize and are
legally compliant for such goals to deliver this; Refereum will be available on such exchanges.)
Gamers use tokens to trade for in game items or selling their value. Influencers can monetize their
fanbases by earning, trading, or selling the tokens. Developers use this coin to market their games
more effectively or offer prizes.
Please visit Refereum.com for more information regarding the utility of the token. The token can
be used upon recieving the token. For additional utility specifics, please see the posted token
memorandum.

28

Citations
[1]​​Statista​​(2017)​​​U.S.​​Digital​​Advertising​​Industry,​​Statistics​​&​​Facts
https://www.statista.com/topics/1176/online-advertising/

[2]​​NewZoo​​(Q2,​​2017)​​​The​​Global​​Games​​Market​​Will​​Reach​​108.9​​Billion​​in​​2017​​With Mobile​​Taking​​42%
https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach-108-9-billion-in -2017-with-mobile-taking-42/

[3]​​DMR​​(July​​29,​​2017)​​​By​​the​​Numbers:​​46​​Amazing​​Twitch​​Stats​​and​​Facts
http://expandedramblings.com/index.php/twitch-stats/

[4]​​Michael​​Sawyer,​​Polygon​​(February​​21,​​2017)​​​The​​Three​​Reasons​​YouTubers​​Keep Imploding,​​from​​a​​YouTuber
https://www.polygon.com/2017/2/21/14683942/pewdiepie-controversy-youtube-drama

[5]​​Stewart​​Rogers,​​MobyAffiliates​​(May​​7,​​2015)​​​User​​Acquisition​​Cost​​for​​Apps​​and Games​​Increases​​to​​$3
http://www.mobyaffiliates.com/blog/user-acquisition-costs-for-apps-and-games-increas es-to-3/

[6]​​Lovet,​​TechBreeze​​(May​​25,​​2017)​​​Video​​Games​​Industry​​Revenue
https://www.techbreezz.com/video-games-industry-revenue/

[7]​​Sofia​​Lenova,​​Liftoff​​(January​​30,​​2017)​​​2017​​Mobile​​Gaming​​Apps​​Report​​Analysis: Monthly​​Trends
https://liftoff.io/blog/mobile-gaming-monthly-trends/

[8]​​Evan​​Lepage,​​Hootsuite​​Blog​​(29​​November​​2016)​​​All​​the​​Social​​Media​​Advertising Stats​​You​​Need​​to​​Know
https://blog.hootsuite.com/social-media-advertising-stats/

[9]​​Hannah​​Becker​​(May​​26,​​2016)​​​Millenials​​Hate​​Advertisements​​-​​especially​​on​​Social Media
http://www.hannahbeckermba.com/blog/millennials-hate-advertisements-especially-on- social-media

[10]​​Michael​​Schneider,​​IndieWire​​(May​​26,​​2017)​​​These​​Are​​the​​100​​Most​​Watched​​TV Shows​​of​​the​​2016-2017​​Season:​​
Winners​​and​​Losers
http://www.indiewire.com/2017/05/most-watched-tv-show-2016-2017-season-the-walki ng-dead-this-is-usfootball-1201832878/

[11]​​Jurre​​Pannekeet​​(May​​17​​2017)​​​Dota​​2​​is​​the​​#1​​Game​​by​​Esports​​Hours​​on​​Twitch After​​First​​Major​​in​​2017
https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/aprils-top-games-twitch-dota-2-1-first-major-2017/

29

[12]​​Paul​​Tamburro​​(Feb​​14​​2017)​​​PewDiePie​​is​​a​​Problem​​YouTube​​Doesn’t​​Know​​How​​to Fix
http://www.craveonline.com/design/1214005-pewdiepie-problem-youtube-doesnt-know- fix

[13]​​Smart​​Insights​​(21​​February​​2017)​​​The​​Rise​​and​​Rise​​of​​Influencer​​Marketing
http://www.smartinsights.com/online-pr/influencer-marketing/rise-rise-influencer-market ing/

[14]​​Jon​​Buck,​​The​​Coin​​Telegraph​​(August​​22​​2017)​​​Blockchain​​Making​​Private, Censorship-free​​Social​​Media​​Platforms​​
Possible
https://cointelegraph.com/news/blockchain-making-private-censorship-free-social-media -platforms-possible

[15]​​dantheman​​(December​​2016)​​How​​to​​Solve​​Fake​​News​​with​​Proof​​of​​Consensus​​and Blockchains​​-​​Steemit
https://steemit.com/blockchain/@dantheman/how-to-solve-fake-news-with-proof-of-con sensus-and-blockchains

[16]​​Satoshi​​Nakamoto​​(2008)​​​Bitcoin:​​A​​Peer-to-Peer​​Electronic​​Cash​​System
https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf

[17]​​Coinmarket​​Cap​​​​(August​​22,​​2017)​​​​​Cryptocurrency​​Market​​Capitalization
https://coinmarketcap.com/

[18]​​Sullivan,​​L,​​MediaPost​​(February​​22,​​2010)​​​Social​​Media​​Not​​Preferred Recommendation​​Resource
http://www.mediapost.com/-publications/article/122854/

[19]​​Nielsen​​(September​​17,​​2013)​​​Under​​The​​Influence:​​Consumer​​Trust​​in​​Advertising
http://www.nielsen.com/us/en/insights/news/2013/under-the-influence-consumer-trust-i n-advertising.html

[20]​​Unknown,​​Wharton​​Business​​Digital​​Press​​(July​​21​​2010)​​​Turning​​Social​​Capital​​into Economic​​Capital:​​Straight​​Talk​​
About​​Referral​​Marketing
http://whr.tn/1BSxsbp

[20]​​Feliz​​Solomon,​​Fortune​​(February​​27,​​2017)​​​YouTube​​is​​About​​to​​Overtake​​TV​​as America’s​​Most​​Watched​​Platform
http://fortune.com/2017/02/28/youtube-1-billion-hours-television/

[21]​​Matt​​Belitsky,​​Audience​​Audit,​​Inc​​(2015,​​Jun.​​02)​​​Third-Party​​Research​​Reveals​​B2C Referral​​Marketing​​is​​Top​​Performing
http://blog.talkable.com/referral-marketing/third-party-research-reveals-b2c-referral-mark eting-is-top-performing/

30

[23]​​Wikipedia​​(2014,​​August​​22)​​​Processing​​fluency
http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Processing_fluency&oldid=622357374

[24]​​Wharton,​​Forbes​​Magazine​​(2010,​​Jul.​​21)​​​Straight​​Talk​​About​​Word-of-Mouth Marketing
http://www.​forbes.com/2010/07/21/viral-marketing-referral-program- entrepreneurs-sales-marketing-wharton.html

[25]​​Devin​​Coldewey,​​TechCrunch​​(January​​24​​2017)​​​Streamer​​Numbers​​are​​Rising Healthily,​​According​​to​​Data​​from​​
Popular​​Tool
https://techcrunch.com/2017/01/24/streamer-numbers-and-incomes-are-rising-healthily -according-to-data-from-populartool/

[26]​​Jack​​Nicas,​​Wall​​Street​​Journal​​(February​​27,​​2017)​​​YouTube​​Tops​​1​​Billion​​Hours​​of Video​​a​​Day,​​on​​Pace​​to​​Eclipse​​TV
https://www.wsj.com/articles/youtube-tops-1-billion-hours-of-video-a-day-on-pace-to-ecli pse-tv-1488220851?mod=e2fb

[27]​​Unity​​Fast​​Facts​​(August​​23​​2017)​​​The​​Leading​​Global​​Game​​Industry​​Software
https://unity3d.com/public-relations

[28]​​Andy​​Boxall,​​Business​​of​​Apps​​(November​​28,​​2016)​​​Unity​​Games​​are​​Played​​More​​on Android​​than​​on​​iOS,​​but​​the​​
number​​of​​sessions​​are​​almost​​the​​same
http://www.businessofapps.com/unity-games-played-android-ios-number-sessions-almo st/

[29]​​Jason​​Civalleri,​​EthNews​​(July​​20,​​2017)​​​Meet​​The​​Unknown​​Maverick,​​White​​Hat​​Who Rescued​​Additional​​Accounts​​
During​​This​​Week’s​​Attack
https://www.ethnews.com/meet-the-unknown-maverick-white-hat-who-rescued-account s-missed-by-the-whg-during-thisweeks-attack

[30]​​Wikipedia​​(March​​21,​​2017)​​​ERC20​​Token​​Standard
https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/ERC20_Token_Standard

31

Disclaimer
Participation in a token sale can be highly speculative and could involve a risk of
loss. This White Paper does not constitute the offering of a security. Refereum, Inc.
has consulted with legal counsel to assess the possible regulatory treatment by
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and relevant foreign authorities in
light of developing regulatory guidance. The primary mechanism for determining
whether an instrument is a security in the United States under United States
securities laws is the Howey test, articulated in SEC v. W.J. Howey, 328 U.S. 293
(1946). The Howey test posits that an instrument is a security if four factors are
satisfied: (i) an investment of money; (ii) in a common enterprise; (iii) with an
expectation of profits; (iv) solely from the efforts of others. Most recently, the SEC
Division of Enforcement’s investigative report involving DAO tokens revealed
that tokens that function like investment contracts under Howey will be treated as
securities. The DAO Report applied the Howey test to digital tokens offered and
sold by a virtual organization known as “The DAO,” and concluded that the tokens
were in fact securities. The SEC did not take the position that virtual currencies,
or interests in such currencies, are themselves securities. In the United States, the
implication of the DAO Report is that depending on the facts and circumstances of
an individual token sale, the virtual coins or tokens that are offered or sold may be
securities, and that if they are securities, the offer and sale of these virtual coins or
tokens are subject to the federal securities laws. Although the Howey test has not
yet been directly applied by the courts to any digital currency or blockchain token,
a Howey analysis has been conducted to determine that, as currently designed,
the sale of RFR utility tokens may not pose a risk of implicating federal securities
laws. As such, the RFR tokens, have not and will not be registered or filed under
the securities laws or regulations of any jurisdiction. Further, as this is a sale of
utility tokens, it is not being provided through any of the exemptions under the
United States Securities Act. Additionally, although the regulatory treatment of
token sales is a live and developing issue and no assessment is conclusive, a legal
analysis has been conducted to determine that, as currently designed, the sale of
RFR utility tokens may not pose a significant risk of implicating foreign securities
laws in jurisdictions that have addressed token sales. Specifically, in Singapore,
because the RFR tokens do not represent an ownership or security interest in
Refereum’s assets or property, the tokens may not be considered an offer of shares
or units in a collective investment scheme. In Canada, because the RFR token sale
would not meet the Pacific Coast test, which mirrors the Howey test, the tokens
may be unlikely to constitute securities subject to Canadian securities regulations.

32

In Australia, because the only official guidance regarding the treatment of token
sales only applies to token exchange platforms, the RFR token sale is likely not
subject to Australian securities regulations at this time. In South Korea, given
that the particulars of the proposed regulatory measures regarding token sales
have not been publicized or finalized, we cannot at this time provide even a
preliminary assessment of how the token sale is likely to be treated for purposes
of South Korean securities laws. In compliance with U.S. and international trade
laws, prospective purchasers located in, under the control of, or a national or
resident of any restricted location or country to which the United States has
embargoed goods or services, are prohibited from participating in the token
sale. For example, in China where all ICOs and token sales have been frozen,
allowing Chinese purchasers to participate in the RFR token sale would currently
be unlawful. As such, Chinese purchasers are prohibited from participating in
the token sale. This token sale will also not be available to Brazilian purchasers as
Refereum, Inc. is not registered as a crowfunding platform per the new guidance
issued by the Comissão de Valores Mobiliários (“CVM”) in Instrução CVM No. 588.
Furthermore, the token sale will not be offered in other restricted jurisidictions
including, but not limited to, Iran, North Korea, the Sudan, Syria, and the Crimea
region of the Ukraine. Although due diligence has been conducted and Refereum,
Inc. has taken steps to mitigate regulatory risk, given that blockchain is a young
industry and token sales are a novel and evolving development, there is inevitably
a degree of uncertainty with any token sale. Given the rapidly changing regulatory
landscape and warnings signaled by multiple international jurisdictions regarding
the potential for tokens to be viewed as securities offerings, there is always a
risk that the RFR utility token may not be exempt from securities registration
requirements in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Many international
jurisdictions have indicated that token sales may qualify as sales of investment
contracts, or qualify as crowdfunding sales under pre-existing regulations, and
may be regulated as such. In view of the guidance recently received from these
regulatory authorities, it is likely that a growing number of jurisdictions will be
closely scrutinizing token sales. Refereum, Inc.’s representations and securities
assessment is not a guarantee that the SEC or any other regulatory authority will
not determine the tokens to be securities subject to registration. The RFR tokens
have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission, any state securities commission in the United States or any
other regulatory authority in the United States.

The same applies to relevant regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions,
including, but not limited to, jurisdictions who expressed any form of guidance as
to initial coin offerings and token sales, such as Australia, Canada, China, South
Korea and Singapore. Should Refereum’s tokens be deemed securities by the SEC,
or another regulatory authority, Refereum, Inc. and participants in the RFR token
sale may be subject to civil or criminal penalties if the tokens are not properly
registered. Prospective token purchasers should not construe this White Paper
as providing any legal or tax advice. This white paper currently contains a fair
summary of Refereum, Inc.’s vision and the operation and utility of its token.
Further information is provided in its Token Sale Memorandum, including the
merits and risks involved in participating in Refereum, Inc.’s token sale.

