White Paper & Business Plan

Prepared July 2017

Contact Information
Jan Sammut | Alex Anter
https://reftoken.io

RefToken

The Small Print
Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this business plan or any of its contents in any form
or under any circumstances without prior written consent is prohibited. The information
contained herein is: (i) provided by the principal founders of the business and (ii) publicly
available from directories, publications and websites. In some cases, non-publicly available
information was used, including independent research, studies or paid services from individuals
and organizations. While the information set forth herein is deemed by the Company to be
accurate, the Company shall not be held liable for the accuracy of or any omissions from this
white paper or for any other written or oral communication transmitted to the Recipient and any
other party in the course of its evaluation of transactions involving the Company.
The information contained in the plan will require careful scrutiny, verification and due diligence
efforts from the recipients of the plan. Any person or entity seeking to make a contribution in
the business should not rely on the information set forth in the plan as complete. In addition, the
analyses contained herein do not claim to be appraisals of the assets, or the valuation of any
entity. The business makes no guarantees regarding any benefits received from contributions,
nor the legal, tax or accounting effects of any transaction; and this plan does not constitute an
offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities. In furnishing the white paper, the
Company undertakes no obligation to provide recipients of the white paper with access to any
additional information or to update this white paper or to correct any inaccuracies that may be
contained herein. There exists substantial information with respect to the business and its future
prospects, and there are a substantial number of risks associated with a contribution in the
business, which are not set forth in the plan. Furthermore, the potential fulfilment of ‘forward
looking statements’ contained in the plan are subject to change due to unexpected events,
market shifts, or circumstances that cannot be known at this time.
Forward looking statements are based on expectations, estimates and projections at the time
the statements were made that involve a number of economic, business, and numerous risks
and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those
presently anticipated. Forward looking statements in the plan may be identified through the use
of words such as, but not exclusively to: "expects," "will," "anticipates," "estimates," "believes,"
or statements indicating certain actions "may," "could," or "might" occur. Such estimates and
projections are subject to significant uncertainties beyond the control of the Company. Although
such projections are believed to be realistic, no representations are made as to their ultimate
attainability. Please be advised that the below proposed execution plan, could be subject to
change due to legal, compliance, technological or other factors without prior notice.

RefToken

Executive Summary
Opportunity
As the Ethereum DAP ecosystem expands downstream towards B2C oriented applications, a key
bottleneck will emerge where companies looking to scale rapidly will need to acquire end users
at a rate that is greater than the adoption of blockchain technology by the mainstream.
RefToken aims to connect DAP developers with marketers and publishers that are best poised to
deliver real user base growth via a trustless performance based instant payment structure
secured against a smart contract, thereby sidestepping the issues of ad fraud that Google has
described as the single “largest threat to the internet economy”.

RefToken

Opportunity
Problem & Solution
Problem Worth Solving
Generally speaking developers on the leading edge of new technology are less focused on
marketing and user acquisition than they are on perfecting their product. The incumbent
mentality being that users will naturally gravitate towards a great product. In reality though,
users cannot gravitate towards any product that they are not aware of, regardless of its
usefulness. User acquisition costs have grown exponentially expensive over the last few years,
whilst early stage participants have become even more savvy about determining the traction a
product has or has not gathered in its market. These two factors present the perfect opportunity
for publishers, that have been struggling with decreasing ad revenues due to ad blockers and
shrinking CPM rates to drive their substantial user traffic to relevant products through
performance based affiliate programs.
Whilst affiliate marketing is a proven growth driver in segments such as finance, gambling and
online shopping, the current model has multiple inbuilt inefficiencies such as the delay in
affiliates receiving payments due to monthly payment cycles (causing cash flow issues for low
margin/high volume operators), the propensity of affiliate fraud, rogue brands rescinding
commissions and operational issues such as chargebacks causing disputes between brands and
affiliates.

Our Solution
“Our mission is to build a trustless performance marketing platform to bring
distributed apps to the mainstream”
RefToken will be a disruptive force in the affiliate marketing space as it will eliminate the above
issues by leveraging the following benefits of the Ethereum blockchain:
• Smart contracts will govern the satisfaction of conversion events eliminating disputes on
conversion triggers
• All revenue & conversion data will be added to the blockchain, creating an immutable
audit trail that allows brands to audit and hold affiliates accountable for fraudulent
behaviour
• Commission payments will be issued automatically & instantly eliminating payment
defaults and cash flow issues

RefToken

RefToken is well positioned to become the driving force in bringing DAP and blockchain based
products to the mainstream. We believe that we are on the cusp of an exponential growth in
Ethereum based projects, and that the forthcoming years will see an explosion of demand for
users. RefToken will be the link that connects these projects to the partners that can deliver
these users and govern the commercial relationship between the two entities.

Core Objectives
• Build the world’s most transparent & trustless performance marketing tool
Transparency and efficiency will allow brands and publishers to focus on maximising growth, free
from concerns of malpractice by the other party, thereby strengthening the blockchain based
economy.
• Create the ubiquitous blockchain affiliate marketing platform
RefToken will connect affiliates with the brands that resonate most with their audience, allowing
them to offer real value to their users. The platform will provide full end-to-end coverage for
brands and affiliates to discover each other and build a longstanding, mutually profitable
relationship.
• Become the gold standard for blockchain performance marketing
RefToken will strike a first mover advantage, and will leverage on its team’s multi-decade
experience in the affiliate market (on both the brand and affiliate side of the equation) to build a
product that provides solutions to pain-points that have plagued the industry for decades.

Target Market
The broad market for RefToken can be segmented into three distinct sectors.
1. Merchants and service providers. These are the backbone of the eCommerce market and
comprise any operator looking to generate sale via a performance marketing channel.
This is the broadest and most competitive segment of the market and
encompasses everything from giants such as Amazon.com to boutique B&Bs. In 2016,
this market generated €22.049 trillion in sales, up 6.0% from the previous year. It
is estimated that sales will top €27 trillion in 2020 (albeit at slightly decreasing growth
rates) https://goo.gl/1A92Ym. These estimates exclude travel, food and event ticket
sales. As VC funding inevitably makes its way into the Ethereum ecosystem, start-ups are
going to be under real pressure.

RefToken

2. ICOs, and companies supporting them. As the momentum behind ICOs increases, a
thriving ecosystem is forecasted to develop around the supporting, promoting, vetting,
structuring and launching of said events. Whilst the current model of crediting early
contributors with bonus tokens has succeeded in generating momentum behind a
launch, game theory dictates that the competitive element between ICOs will increase
exponentially as new funding records make headlines, casing an initial expansion of
bonus offers, followed by a discarding of the mechanism in favour of a performance
based one. This model will pivot around publishers, marketers, influencers and
developers who will be paid commission in return for successfully promoting ICOs to their
audiences, and is much more lucrative than selling inventory on a tenancy or CPM basis.
Whilst estimates vary, Forbes figure of a €380M market size and growing rapidly is
credible.
3. Publishers, marketers, influencers and developers. The aforementioned future drivers of
the ICO market form the counter party to merchants and start-ups. They range from
publicly traded multinationals (Catena Media, RakeTech), to niche publishers targeting a
single specific sector (Medicalassistantsalaryguide.org). Regardless of scale, RefToken
provides a solution for some of their most pressing issues:
1. Discovering new brands to work with as well be being easily discovered by new
brands
2. Evaluating which partnership would be the most lucrative
3. Easing payment, trust & cash flow concerns
This sector will be RefToken’s evangelists, much as affiliates were the drivers for NetRefer and
IncomeAccess' growth in the gambling market as they demand a neutral, third party platform to
manage & report on their performance and revenues.

Competition
Current Alternatives
RefToken will be competing directly against two mainstays of the affiliate tracking market,
IncomeAccess and NetRefer. Both carry the advantage of incumbency, yet suffer from the
disadvantages listed below:
IncomeAccess:
• 24h delay in data updates
• Revenue uploaded to platform by merchant, allowing for potential skimming of
commissions
• Monthly pay-out cycle
• Pay-outs processed by third parties for merchant
• Commission structures limited to very specific models

RefToken

• Antiquated user interface (UI), with multi-year update cycle
• Poor reporting tools
NetRefer
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

24h delay in data updates
Revenue uploaded to platform by merchant, allowing potential skimming of commissions
Monthly pay-out cycle
Pay-outs processed by third parties for merchant
Commission structures limited to very specific models
Responsive UI, with annual updates
Good reporting tools

Our Advantages
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Instant data update
Revenue updated by smart contract & therefore immutable
Affiliates can withdraw at will
Pay-outs triggered by affiliate and executed by the platform
Commissions can be freely structured using smart contracts
Rapid, iterative update cycles
Deep data analysis tools & Google data studio integration.

PESTLE analysis (GFS)
Political
The Ethereum ecosystem benefits from a significant amount of insulation from political shock
due to its decentralised nature. Whilst certain more hawkish regulatory regimes will invariably
attempt to regulate or restrict it in some manner, there is no common consensus on how this
can be achieved in practice. Regulatory attempts aside, the political clout offered by the EEA, as
well as the rapid adoption of the Ethereum Platform by central banks and F500 companies
further legitimises companies operating on the platform in regulators eyes. As such, no
significant political threats are envisaged.

Economical
The Ethereum ecosystem is currently growing at a parabolic rate, with millions in investment
being poured in daily, which, combined with the political and economic clout of the EEA, as well
as the dedicated development community developing around the protocol has all observers
declaring that Ethereum will grow to be the single, largest blockchain platform as enterprise

RefToken

projects and start-ups default to Ethereum as their choice of platform. This can only convey the
most bullish of outlooks for the project.

Social/Cultural
As ever-increasing media coverage fuelled by Ethereum's explosive growth broadens the general
public's familiarity and trust in the ecosystem, it will transition away from being the preserve of
geeks and speculators, to a broader, more general consumer audience. The key catalyst for this
will be the first blockbuster distributed applications (dapps), which will bring the benefits of the
decentralised web, to the masses everyday life, just as SMTP brought email, and by extension,
the internet to the masses.
Once the first major decentralised apps hit the mainstream, the market penetration rate will
follow the theoretic Diffusion of innovation curve.

RefToken

Technological
As a nascent sector, there will undoubtedly be significant changes and improvements to the
technological landscape RefToken will be inhabiting. Nonetheless, the levels of funding sought
will ascertain that tier one development resources will be hired to leverage any new
developments to our advantage.
From a macro-economic aspect, advances in the blockchain ecosystem will make client's
products more accessible to the mainstream market to the point where dapp will be
indistinguishable from a regular web based app by the end user. This is a bullish outlook for
RefToken.

Legal
The difficulty in mounting a regulatory challenge to a decentralised organisation aside, the
political clout offered by the EEA, as well as the rapid adoption of the Ethereum Platform by
central banks and F500 companies further legitimises companies operating on the platform in
regulators eyes. As such, no significant legal threats are envisaged. Should a regulator pursue
action against a particular participant, this would be on the basis of the transgressions of a single
bad actor, and would not impact the rest of the participants in the space. RefToken's position as
a middle-man between merchant and publisher further distances it from any potential legal
action (much like affiliate platforms and affiliates were ignored by the Dept. of justice in the
Black Friday indictments revolving around poker rooms offering illegal gambling to US citizens).

Environmental
RefToken's decentralised architecture allows it to operate using a much smaller carbon footprint
than a regular platform would.

RefToken

Execution
Marketing & Sales
Marketing and Promotional Plan
RefToken will leverage the marketing knowledge of its founding team to deploy an integrated,
multi-faceted acquisition campaign. This will be split between online and offline activities at an
80-20 ratio. The detailed apportionment will be as follows:
• Online Marketing 80%
• SEO 20%
• PPC 16%
• Display & retargeting 12%
• Inbound/content 8%
• Social Media & community creation 12%
• Email/ automated CRM 8%
• Branded online tools 4%
• Offline Marketing 20%
• Conferences & expos 16%
• Event sponsorship 4%

RefToken

Medium to long term vision
Our marketing efforts will employ a bifurcated strategy, where affiliates and merchants will be
targeted by communications and value propositions targeting their specific pain points, and will
be structured around the following value propositions:
• Trust
• Fraud less
• Transparent Tracking
• Self-Enforcing
• Convenience
• Speed
• Simplicity
• Universal application
• Scale
• Nexus between merchants & publishers
• Monetisation of audiences

RefToken

Affiliates will be given marginal more prominence in our efforts, as building a strong directory of
affiliates segmented by niche would be a strong incentive for brands to adopt the RefToken
platform in itself. Our proposition will be communicated via outreach specialists who target and
on-board larger sites and the top 10% of influencers, as well as an inbound marketing strategy
based on content creation and propagation by the exact users that we will be recruiting. This will
allow RefToken to grow exponentially using its own platform, in effect being its own proof of
concept.
Brands will be targeted with a value proposition that emphasises fraud prevention, speed,
transparency as well as access to the directory of on-boarded affiliates. The primary
communication channels will inbound content based marketing, as well as response based
channels such as SEO and PPC. This inbound communication strategy will provide a pipeline of
leads for the sales team to close, in addition to attending conferences and exhibitions and other
lead creation activities.

Implementation
Platform Model
The platform will launch with two primary layers, a merchant admin side, and an affiliate admin
side. A third layer that will allow affiliates and brands to bid on and buy advertising directly on
third party websites via a real-time bidding (RTB) and ad exchange will be released as part of the
stretch goal (if achieved). Use of the platform will always be free, with the only charge being 5%
of the commissions issued.
• Merchant layer primary functions:
• Uploading of media (banners/text links/video ads etc.)
• Creation of commission structures based on set triggers & sale amounts. These
could be a straight up revenue share percentage, a cost per
acquisition/registration/lead model or a hybrid of the above
• Reporting platform on affiliate/creative/site level
• Administration of affiliate program, vetting & signing up of new affiliates etc.
• Administration of wallets and purchasing of tokens
• Administration of a listing in a brand directory aimed at connecting brands with
affiliates

RefToken

• Affiliate admin primary functions:
• Assessing, comparing & signing up to individual affiliate programmes
• Affiliates will be able to link & access the various programs they are signed up to
from a single master account, eliminating a large pain-point (similar to the Google
AdWords MCC account structure)
• Accessing creatives & generating tracking links
• Administering of wallets and exchanging sub-tokens to tokens
• Reporting on creative/site/brand/revenue levels
• Administration of a listing in an affiliate directory aimed at connecting brands with
affiliates

RefToken

Token Mechanism
• The token to be sold at launch will be known as the ReferalToken (REF). A fixed number
of REFs will be issued thereby limiting supply. Fees will be charged to users of the
platform as a percentage of commissions paid (however, should a brand be using the
platform to track their own in-house marketing activities, and thereby setting a
commission rate of 0%, use of the platform will be free, this will encourage adoption of
the platform and assist in establishing a competitive moat). Since advertising inventory
and other costs borne by publishers are set in fiat currencies, a commission sub-token
called COM will be created that will be pegged at €1. This stable-coin model is required to
insulate affiliates buying advertising inventory with fiat currencies from the fluctuations
of the cryptocurrency in which the commission is denominated. Brands will need to use
REFs to generate COMs.
• Example
• A merchant buys €100,000 worth of REF Tokens
• The merchant locks these tokens in an escrow wallet for a fixed time period and
deploys a smart contract offering a reward in REFs for each conversion as
specified in the smart contract that affiliates can subscribe to. The smart contract
will self-terminate should funds run below the cost of a single conversion. This
protects the merchant from overspending and, conversely, protects the affiliates
from promoting a campaign that has exhausted its budget
• On each completion of the smart contract's conditions (sale/conversion etc.) an
amount of REF equivalent to the commission amount will be instantly paid out
from the escrow account to the affiliate's wallet within the RefToken platform.
• The merchant’s original REF tokens are now held by the company and re-issued to
the market where they are bought at market prices by other brands. This will
allow the company to act as a market maker and protect the token's price from
wild fluctuations in price

Real World Applications
Merchant Scenarios:
• A mobile game publisher could create a commission structure offering €5 per new user
account that is accessed 3 times within 5 days of registering and in which at least 10
turns are played. This set of criteria minimises the risk of fraudulent account creation,
and also ensures that the publisher is only paying for engaged users.
• In another example, a Gnosis based sports book offers affiliates a €30 commission on any
new player deposit that is wagered at least 4 times along with a 40% commission on net
profits generated by that player.
• In a third example, a company planning its ICO would offer partners and publishing
houses a bounty paid in its own currency for successfully referring contributors to it.

RefToken

Affiliates would then have the option to hold onto the issued coin, or to exchange it for
ETH or BTC and withdraw into their own wallets.
• WeTrust see that the borrowers begin to outweigh the savers, so they need more people
investing and saving their money within WeTrust to keep up with the demand. They
decide that they want to get started with affiliate marketing, so they turn to RefToken
Affiliate platform and offer 5 COMs per new user account that deposited at least 10
worth of COMs for saving in TRST funds. Token conversion rates will be done via API.
User Scenario:
• Jen reads on steemit.io that investing in WeTrust is a great way to save money, the
author of the article includes a RefToken affiliate link to WeTrust
• Once Jen clicks the link RefToken updates the WeTrust affiliate blockchain that a new
lead was generated by that particular affiliate and drops her at the WeTrust registration
page
• Once Jen completes her registration the WeTrust affiliate blockchain is updated, instantly
triggering the smart contract between WeTrust and the affiliate transferring 5COMs to
the affiliate's wallet
• The affiliate can immediately see that one of their readers just signed up for WeTrust via
their admin in RefToken, that originated from their article on Steemit, and decides to
double down on this channel. WeTrust can instantly see that the affiliate has delivered
another valued user in a short span of time and considers offering them a bespoke offer
to entice them to give their brand more attention
Thanks to RefToken's platform, it will be easy to design very complex conditions which
leads will need to satisfy, thereby eliminating affiliate fraud, which is an endemic problem
in today’s affiliate marketing.

RefToken

Milestones & Metrics
Roadmap
The following roadmap has been established and deemed to be attainable. The founding team's
years of experience in this field make it confident in its ability to deliver on plan and within
budget.

KPIs & Success Measurement
Sales KPIs will be segmented into two general categories, business development and value
enhancement which focuses on maximising the revenue from existing users.
Business Development
• Outbound sales activity volume
• Number of qualified leads generated
• Lead conversion ratio
• Deals closed/Wins
• Opportunity win rate/Conversion rate
• Month on month growth rate
• Estimated pipeline value

RefToken

Value Enhancement
•
•
•
•
•

Month on month user retention
% of new clients per month/annum
% of retained clients per month/annum
Revenue growth per user
Average transaction value

Company
Founders
Jan Sammut:
With 10 years of executive experience in the online gambling business on both operator and
affiliate sides at industry heavyweights such as IGT plc, Amaya plc, and Highlight Media Group.
Prior to entering the iGaming industry, he established his marketing and operational credentials
as EMEA brand manager for Swatch & Oakley.
Alexander Anter:
With a keen interest in Web Development from a young age, Alex has been consistently pushed
towards software development all his life. Starting out by picking a technical path in High School
and getting his first taste of development with Basic and Visual Basic, later moving towards
Python, C++ and Java. In 2011 Alex started to study Web Programming in Linneaus University in
Sweden, in 2014 he started his own Web Agency working as a full stack web developer. In 2017
Ethereum started to reach a level of maturity and proper documentation started emerging that
underscored that Solidity was heavily influenced from JavaScript Alex decided to dive into
Ethereum Development and dedicate all his free time towards that goal, joining a group of
Ethereum Devs to keeps progressing towards being a world-class Ethereum Developer.

RefToken

Financial Plan
ICO Launch
Overview
RefToken aims to raise €27.5M denominated in ETH via an initial coin offering. Funds will be
apportioned in the below approximate ratio. The target funding amount is €27.7M with a hard
cap of €48M. Additional will be used to hire more developers to expedite development. The
additional funding will also allow us to add in the following modules to the platform:







Super affiliate/MLM management functionality.
An inbuilt RTB display ad platform (similar to Google’s AdSense) that will allow users to
buy ad space on each other’s sites without a middleman taking the lion’s share of the
revenue.
Leader boards & competition module for merchants to incentivize affiliates to promote
their brand.
Commission splitting to allow affiliates to collaborate (e.g. Affiliate A creates great
content, yet is not too adept at generating traffic, whilst Affiliates B is a great SEO & C has
a significant social following. Affiliate A will be able to approach B & C to offer them a
percentage of the commissions raised if they distribute his. This will be done trustlessly
via a smart contract on the platform.
A market where freelancers will be able to pick up copywriting, translation, design and
video creation gigs in exchange for a share of commissions generated by that content.

RefToken

Token Sale
During the presale and ICO, users will be able to send ETH to a launch address, thereby
committing to buying REF tokens at the current price at the time the transaction is received (and
as indicated on the RefToken ICO site).
A total of 50 million REF tokens will be created. The auction will be governed by a smart contract
whose code will be open for public review.
•
•
•
•
•
•

2% of all tokens will be sold during the Pre-ICO
42% of all tokens will be sold during the ICO
30% of all tokens will be reserved for market making purposes for one year
20% of all tokens will be retained by the founders & employees
5% of all tokens will be retained by advisors
1% of all tokens will be reserved for seed contributors

Pre-Sale
RefToken will run a 15-day presale round caped at 4300 ETH starting at 00:00 GMT on the 2nd
October 2017 and ending at 00:00 on the 17th October 2017. Pre-sale contributions will be
awarded a 100% bonus on REF granting 200 REF per ETH donated. All presale tokens will be
locked for a period of 90 days after the ICO has been finalised to safeguard participants token
value.

ICO

RefToken

The public ICO will start at 00:00 GMT on the 18th October 2017 and end on the 17th December
2017. A daily price inflation rate of 1.67%, will be triggered on the 18th of November taking the
token price from 100 to 50 REF/ETH after 30 days or until the hard cap is hit.
RefToken aims to level the playing field, and allow as broad a participation as possible.
Ownership of REF carries no rights other than the right to exchange and claim over the platform
or via exchanges. RefToken does not represent or confer any ownership right or stake, share or
security or equivalent rights or intellectual property rights.

Escrow of Funds
All funds raised during the ICO will be held in a 2 out of 3 multi-sig wallet that will include
licenced fiduciary agents as two of the signatories. All funds raised in the presale will be made
available immediately for the purpose of promoting the ICO. ICO funds will be released in three
month tranches to cover expenses, with the flexibility to adjust amounts in response to current
market conditions.

Market Making
During the lock up period, the company will utilise its reserves to protect the token's market
value to the best of its abilities, with a protective bottom targeted at ~20% off a compounded 5%
week on week appreciation rate. The company will also protect prices from artificial 'pumps' by
stabilising prices should malicious trading patterns be detected.

RefToken

Use of funds
Platform development will be the primary cost driver, including but not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Development of a market ready product
Integration of third party services
Development of proprietary API
Secure wallet creation
Development of state channels
Development of internal economic model

Marketing & Business Development will be a major area of focus, particularly, the establishing of
agreements and integrations with exchanges, ICO consultancy companies and blockchain early
adopters to win a first-movers advantage in the space. Prior evidence indicates that a substantial
competitive moat is developed by the first mover in such a space, as merchants are reluctant to
undergo the disruption and costs of migrating to competing services once an integration is in
place (bar a significant breakdown in service quality).
Advisors & Consultants The leadership team at RefToken are cognisant of the fact that the
blockchain space is new, and rapidly evolving and are determined to on-board the best and most
brilliant advisors available to ensure that the project is a success right off the bat.

