R

REPO COIN

Decentralizing the $1 billion auto repossession
industry.

VEHICLE
REPOSSESSION
JUST GOT EASIER.
WE’RE HERE TO
TELL YOU
HOW.

DISCLAMIER
Purchase, ownership, receipt, or possession of Repo tokens carries no
rights, express or implied, other than the right to use such tokens as a
means to participate, interact or transact on the decentralized Repo Coin
platform as further described in this whitepaper, if successfully
completed and deployed. In particular, all participants must understand
and accept that Repo tokens do not represent or confer any ownership
right or stake, share, security, or equivalent rights, or any right to receive
future revenue shares, intellectual property rights or any other form of
participation in or relating to Repo Coin and its corporate affiliates,
other than any rights relating to the provision and receipt of services
from Repo Coin, subject to limitations and conditions appearing in any
other required agreements on the Repo Coin website. The Repo tokens
are not intended to be utilized outside the decentralized Repo Coin
platform nor as a digital currency, security, commodity, or any kind of
financial instrument, and Repo Coin shall not be liable to any
participant for any decrease in value of Repo tokens or any other
damages that any participant may incur as a result of using or purchasing
Repo tokens for anything besides their intended use on the Repo Coin
platform.

© Repo Blockchain LLC

R

REPO COIN

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Repo Coin is a revolutionary blockchain project focused on the auto lending and
repossession industry. It is a solution that will result in the faster, more efficient
recovery of assets for auto lenders by bringing together a large community of
people to assist in locating delinquent vehicles, motivated by cryptocurrency
rewards.
With a sharp increase in new auto loans and delinquent loans over the last five
years, financing companies have become overwhelmed with the need for more
efficient auto repossession services. Despite this growing demand, the auto
repossession industry has yet to see any meaningful innovation. The cost of
repossession services is steep due to the use of expensive License Plate
Recognition (LPR) technology, and the exchange of information between
repossession companies and auto lending companies is inefficient, often resulting
in the lending company having to pay extra fees to have vehicles stored by the
repossession company before they are actually recovered.
Our goal is to make this process faster, cheaper, and more efficient by creating a
platform and enlisting the help of everyday people across the country.
To achieve this goal we are building an end-to-end technology solution that will
feature a website, mobile app and digital wallet all built upon a secure platform,
using the Stellar protocol for token rewards.
With the Repo Coin mobile app, everyone will have the power to scan license
plates and quickly identify delinquent vehicles, matched against our real-time
database of delinquent vehicles from lenders across the US.
By enlisting the participation of lending agencies, auto repossession companies,
and a community of users incentivized by cryptocurrency, we will disrupt and
transform the $1 billion dollar auto repossession industry in a way that has never
been seen before.

INTRODUCTION
Over the past five years the number of new auto loans in the US has seen a sharp, steady
rise. While the number of new home loans has decreased dramatically since 2008 due to
the financial recession and new regulations in the mortgage industry, the opposite has
been true of auto loans, which have increased exponentially since 2012.

© Repo Blockchain LLC

R

REPO COIN

(Source: ATLAS, data from FRBNY Consumer Credit Panel/Equifax)

Consumers have shifted their interest from buying homes to buying vehicles, with the
majority of buyers seeking to finance their auto purchases.
Approximately one out of five of these consumers end up with a subprime auto loan,
typically due to a lack of credit worthiness or a desire to purchase vehicles that are
beyond their means.

(Source: ATLAS, data from FRBNY Consumer Credit Panel/Equifax)

This trend, which doesn’t appear to be stopping anytime soon, has created an increased
need for auto repossession services. Unfortunately, the $1 billion repossession industry
has not seen significant innovation during this period, and is plagued by high costs and
inefficiencies.

© Repo Blockchain LLC

R

REPO COIN

MARKET VALUE

1 in 172

According to Experian Automotive, 1 in 172 outstanding auto loans
resulted in an auto repossession during the first quarter of 2014. In
states such as Nevada, repossession rates were as high as 1 in 64.
In 2017 it was forecast that 1.7 to 1.8 million vehicles in
the US would be repossessed, an increase of
approximately 100,000 units from the year prior,
according to the Manheim Used Car Market Report.

6.3 M

Market
Impact

According to the New York Federal Reserve during the same
year, 6.3 million Americans were 90+ days behind on their
auto loan, making them seriously delinquent.

These numbers highlight the significant need for technology that can increase efficiency
and decrease costs in the growing auto repossession industry.

OUR VISION
We believe that by bringing auto lenders and repossession companies together on one
platform, we can transform the auto repossession industry.
The key to our vision will be in enlisting the help of everyday people across the
country, creating a huge community of users dedicated to locating delinquent
vehicles more quickly than has ever before been possible.
Our solution will benefit all parties involved, rewarding users with Repo tokens that can
be used to purchase goods and services, and making the repossession process more
efficient for auto repossession companies, who will no longer have to locate delinquent
vehicles themselves. In turn, this will make asset recovery cheaper for lenders, who are
experiencing an increased need for these services.
Additionally, Repo tokens will be used to give back to the community in a meaningful
way by allowing token holders to vote for a family or individual in need of a vehicle,
which will then be given away by Repo Coin up to once per month.
By using blockchain technology and building a strong, supportive community of
users, Repo Coin aims to make a positive impact on people’s lives while also
revolutionizing the auto repossession process in order to meet the demands of
today’s auto lending economy.

© Repo Blockchain LLC

R

REPO COIN

THE PROBLEMS
The current model for the auto repossession industry does not effectively meet the
demands of auto lenders, which have increased exponentially since 2012.
The auto repossession industry currently relies on expensive, inefficient technology to
locate delinquent vehicles, which has resulted in a slow, costly process for lenders who
wish to recover lost assets. There are also major problems with communication between
repossession companies and lenders, which have caused additional delays and costs for
the lenders.
Additionally, not much information is available about the auto repossession industry,
despite it being a $1 billion market. Because of this, it has been largely overlooked when
it comes to the kinds of major technical advances that banks and lending agencies have
seen over the past several years.
These are some of the problems that we seek to solve with Repo Coin.
1) Increase in delinquent auto loans and lost assets
As of 2017, a record 107 million Americans had outstanding auto loans, according to the
New York Federal Reserve. Delinquency rates for those loans have also been on the rise,
with 6.3 million Americans 90+ days late on their car payments at the time of the same
report.
This has been attributed to increased consumer spending, which is expected to continue
in the coming years, as well as the rise of subprime auto loans, which many Americans
rely on in order to purchase a vehicle in the current economy.
Because of this, entities such as banks, auto loan companies, used car lots, car dealerships, and car rental agencies all have an increasing need for auto repossession services.
Most of these companies outsource this work to businesses that specialize in the difficult
task of repossessions, but this comes with its own host of problems.

© Repo Blockchain LLC

R

REPO COIN

2) Expensive License Plate Recognition technology
Outsourcing the work of repossessions has proven to be necessary for most auto lenders
due to the difficult, sometimes dangerous nature of this work. However, these services
come at an exorbitant cost.
While auto repossessions require the work of a highly skilled professional, these jobs can
be completed quickly, many of them within 3 minutes of arriving at the vehicle’s
location.
Most of the cost of auto repossession comes from the use of
expensive License Plate Recognition (LPR) technology, which limits
the number of companies and individuals who are able to enter this
line of work, creating monopolies within the industry for those who
can afford it and driving up prices for the auto lenders who need these
services.
LPR technology is used by the auto repossession companies to scan
license plates while driving around in order to identify delinquent
vehicles.
With increased access to this kind of technology, the hassle and
expense that comes from locating delinquent vehicles would be
greatly reduced, and auto repossession companies could focus
solely on recovering assets. This would bring down service costs for
auto lenders and significantly increase the overall efficiency of the
repossession process.
3) Inefficient communication between lenders and reposssion companies
Another big problem within the auto repossession industry is inefficient communication
practices between lenders and repossession companies.
For repossession companies, who often have a monopoly on work in their local areas due
to the high start-up and operating costs of using LPR technology, there is no real benefit
of communicating efficiently with the lending agencies who hire them. While many of
these repossession companies are well-meaning, they are also busy with the work of
locating and recovering vehicles for multiple clients, which can result in recovered vehicles being stored by the repossession company for days before being returned to the
lender. In these scenarios, the auto lender is typically required to pay an additional fee for
the vehicle’s storage.
Additionally, the faster a vehicle is recovered, the less depreciation and damage it may
incur, which allows the lender to recoup as much of the bad loan as possible. With
inefficient communication the entire process of asset recovery is slowed down, making it
unnecessarily costly and risky for the lender.

© Repo Blockchain LLC

R

REPO COIN

THE SOLUTIONS
Repo Coin aims to provide a revolutionary solution to the problems affecting the auto
repossession industry, starting by giving the general public the ability to easily scan
license plates and identify delinquent vehicles by using our mobile app and the camera
on their smartphones.
Our goal is to decentralize a large portion of the auto repossession process by giving
everyday people the power to locate lost assets on behalf of lenders, while leaving the
actual work of repossession to the companies that specialize in it.
Our solution aims to significantly lower the cost of asset recovery for lenders while
increasing the speed and efficiency of the repossession process and the exchange of
information between lenders and auto repossession companies.
We will streamline the auto repossession process and the exchange of information
between auto lenders and repossession companies by using our platform using AI
technology and computer vision processing that will eliminate the delays and
additional fees that often occur as a result of inefficient communication practices,
where repossession companies end up storing vehicles for some period of time before
they are returned to the lender.
Our platform will require both parties to share important information and status
updates in real time, preventing auto lenders from having to pay extra fees for
unwanted vehicle storage and also ensuring that their assets are returned to them as
quickly as possible once they have been recovered.

© Repo Blockchain LLC

R

REPO COIN

2) Repo Coin mobile app
The Repo Coin mobile app will provide easy to use license plate
scanning and recognition technology to a large community of
users across the country, entirely free of charge. More
importantly, our app will reward users with Repo tokens as a
direct incentive for helping to locate delinquent vehicles, which
can then be used to purchase goods and services on our website
or app, repocoin.io
By galvanizing everyday people we aim to exponentially increase
the manpower that is searching for delinquent vehicles, which will
result in much faster recovery of assets for auto lenders.
By decentralizing this part of the auto repossession process we
can also eliminate the need for expensive License Plate
Recognition (LPR) technology, which is currently the most
effective means that repossession companies have of locating
delinquent vehicles on the roads.
By eliminating LPR we will be able to drastically reduce the cost of repossession services
for auto lenders, while also increasing the efficiency of repossession companies who will
no longer have to seek out delinquent vehicles and can instead focus on repossessing
and returning assets to lenders.
3) Partnerships with auto lenders and repossession companies
By partnering with auto lenders across the country we plan to create the most
comprehensive real-time database in existence for determining if a vehicle is delinquent.
We will also partner with reputable auto repossession companies in every town and city
in the US, instantly notifying them when a delinquent vehicle is found nearby so they can
collect it and return it to the lender, who will also be notified once it has been found, when
it has successfully been recovered, and when it is on its way back.

AUTO LENDERS

© Repo Blockchain LLC

REPOSSESSION
COMPANIES

R

REPO COIN

ADVANTAGES OF REPO COIN
1) For users
Users will be incentivized with Repo tokens as rewards for helping lenders locate
delinquent vehicles.
Repo tokens will have a variety of immediate uses, including:
•

Purchasing products from the Repo Coin website and
app (repocoin.io).

•

Voting in the We Care program, where Repo Coin
will donate a car to a family or individual in need.

•

Transfering to other digital wallets.

2) For auto lenders
Lenders will be able to recover lost assets more quickly and at a lower cost by reporting
delinquent vehicles to Repo Coin and allowing our community of users to help locate
them. They will then be able to have a trusted repossession company recover the vehicle
for them through the Repo Coin platform, eliminating the need for contracting and
negotiating with the repossession company directly.

Additionally, lenders will be able to follow the asset recovery
process in real time, using GPS tracking which will allow them
to see how far the vehicle has traveled and when it has
arrived at its intended destination, leaving less opportunity
for the vehicle to be tampered with or degraded before it has
been returned.

© Repo Blockchain LLC

R

REPO COIN

3) For auto repossession companies
Auto repossession companies will receive increased business by allowing our large
community of users to locate delinquent vehicles for them. This will also eliminate the
need for them to build and maintain relationships directly with multiple auto lenders in
their area in order to keep a steady ﬂow of business.
By becoming a trusted repossession partner with Repo Coin, repossession companies
will be instantly notified when delinquent vehicles are located near them, which will also
serve to eliminate the hassle and expense of seeking out delinquent vehicles using
traditional LPR technology.

4) For the community
It can sometimes be difficult to pay auto loans on time, particularly when unexpected life
events and expenses get in the way. With this in mind we created the We Care program,
through which Repo Coin will be offering fully paid-off vehicles to families or individuals
in need.
We Care will allow the Repo Coin community to choose the recipient of the vehicle, using
their Repo tokens to vote based on applicant stories and videos.

THE REPO COIN ECOSYSTEM
The Repo Coin ecosystem will enable lend ers and repossession companies to work
together more efficiently and with more transparency using our platform.
Additionally, our ecosystem will allow our community of users the opportunity to
help locate delinquent vehicles with our Repo Coin mobile app. They will be
incentivized by Repo tokens that can be stored in our digital wallet.
Repo tokens will also be able to be used to purchase goods and services through
our website and app.

© Repo Blockchain LLC

R

REPO COIN

USER FLOW

CORE FUNCTIONALITY
1) License plate scanning & recognition technology
Our mobile app will feature license plate scanning and recognition technology. It will
employ the user’s smartphone camera to scan license plates and optical character
recognition (OCR) to automatically detect those characters and parse that information to
our server. We will then match the license plate number against our real-time database of
delinquent vehicles.

© Repo Blockchain LLC

R

REPO COIN

2) GPS tracking
We will use GPS tracking technology to alert nearby repossession partners when a
delinquent vehicle has been located. We will also send an alert to the auto lender, who will
be able to track the repossession company’s progress in returning the vehicle.

3) Digital wallet
Users can store their Repo tokens in our digital wallet.

4) Repo Coin marketplace
Users will be able to use Repo tokens in our marketplace to purchase goods and
services.
In phase two of our project we hope to allow users to purchase services such as
auto maintenance, roadside assistance, and more.

© Repo Blockchain LLC

R

REPO COIN

REVENUE MODEL
R Repo Coin

Repo Coin’s revenue model will initially be centered on our partnerships with banks and
other auto lenders, who will be paying us fees based on the vehicle they wish to recover
and the delivery point.
Funds from that agreement will be used to pay our repossession company or tow truck
service partner, and Repo Coin will keep the margin as revenue.
We plan to earn additional revenue in phases two and three of our project from the
products and services we offer to users, which may include auto repair services, roadside
assistance, ridesharing, and more.

WHY STELLAR?
We have chosen to forgo the more traditional choice of Ethereum and will instead run on
the Stellar Lumens network (XLM).
We have chosen Stellar for a few reasons, primarily because it is fast,
reliable, and can support inexpensive transactions for many users.
Because Stellar is based on a consensus algorithm rather than on
mining, it can confirm transactions within a few seconds. Stellar offers a
5 second median settlement time, compared to 3.5 minutes on the
Ethereum network.
The simplicity of the Stellar system, purposely limited for smart contracts, also helps
avoid situations where hackers can exploit vulnerabilities and steal tokens.
For these reasons, we believe that the Stellar platform will be the ideal choice for Repo
Coin.

© Repo Blockchain LLC

R

REPO COIN

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION
Repo Coin will create 357 million tokens, after which no more will be created.
•

50% of tokens will stay in reserve and will be given away over time to users who
participate in license plate scanning, raffles, referrals, etc.

•

20% will remain in company reserves for operating expenses.

•

30% will be allocated to the founders of the company.

Token Reserves

Company Reserves

© Repo Blockchain LLC

Founders

R

REPO COIN

TEAM
The Repo Coin team is made up of innovative minds with proven experience bringing
technology projects to life, in addition to years of experience in the auto repossession
industry.
Fahim Aref | Co-Founder & CEO
Fahim is a Blockchain enthusiast and is currently
focused on next generation blockchain-based
applications and cryptocurrencies. He has over 20
years of experience in real estate, oil & gas, and
consumer electronic markets. $50MM+ in
combined transactions (hydrocarbon minerals).
Co-founder of Scan Halal (#1 Halal App). He also
serves as the executive director of Pious Projects,
a non-profit organization based in Chicago.
Sana Othman | Co-Founder & CFO
Sana started her career at the State Bank of
Countryside, a family owned bank based in the
midwest region of the US, where she was
employed for over five years. Sana is a
co-founding and managing member in numerous
energy industry startups, including Hydrocarbon
Minerals, LLC. Sana has a Bachelor's Degree in
Business Administration from Robert Morris
University.

Abdulwahab Omira | Chief technology officer - CTO
Abd ul is a Robotics and AI researcher and student at
Stanford University. With 5+ years of advanced
software architecture and team management . Owner
of four patents in nuclear waste processing, disposal,
and solar power systems with developing projects in
medical and other commercial robotic applications.

© Repo Blockchain LLC

R

REPO COIN

Mohammad Majid | Co-Founder & CRO
Majid brings years of experience in the
industry. His expertise allows him to move with
speed and accuracy in every phase of
investigation, recovery, account management and
revenue attainment solving complex strategies
and execute upon boosting both gross collections
and net recoveries at the same time.

Rami Affaneh | Co-Op Business Intelligence
Rami has 20 years of experience working in the
energy sector as well as the automotive, and
wireless reverse logistics industries . He is
currently a founding member and Vice President
of Operations at Hydrocarbon Minerals. Early
Cyrptocurreny adapter and investor.

Kamel Al-lababidi | Software Engineer - team lead
Kame is a Software Engineer specialising in fullstack development. Experienced with building
dynamic web apps and mobile applications with
optimal performance. Familiar with programming
languages like JavaScript, Ruby, Python, and
modern JavaScript Frameworks like ReactJs,
VueJs, React Native. Have a Passion for engaging/
creating a friendly work environment. Excellent
leadership skills with Agile methodology.

© Repo Blockchain LLC

R

REPO COIN

Anas Razzaq | Operations Strategist
Entrepreneur with over 8 years of professional
experience leading and delivering enterprise and
consumer facing products for various startups in the
technology industry with core competencies in product
development, market strategy, and streamlining
operations. Anas has created products that have been
used by millions of people that have acquired a large
active user base. He currently serves as founder and
CEO of Scan Halal, a mobile application revolutionizing
the Global Halal Foods Industry used by millions of
users through the use of its proprietary and innovative
technology.
Muhammad Baste | Enterprise Architect
Baste Graduated from DePaul University in
Business Administration. He serves as President of
Strada Logistics, a motor transportation company
based in Chicago. Successful serial entrepreneur
with over 15 years of Business Operation
Experience. Partnered With Smart Choice Mobile
a T-Mobile retailer, expanded operations from 9
locations to 37 locations in 10 months. *Secured
1st ever loan with BMO Harris for 1MM, for cellular
carrier.

Eric Collins | Sr. Corporate Banking Advisor
Eric Served as VP of Bank One, and an
underwriter in the Large Corporate Automotive
Group responsible for overall risk management for
a portfolio of 24 relationships with an aggregate
credit exposure in excess of $3.0 Billion. Eric has
extensive industry knowledge which include
capital structure consultation, loan products and
syndications, cash management, public debt
placement, acquisitions, divestitures, foreign
exchange and other banking products.

© Repo Blockchain LLC

R

REPO COIN

ADVISORS
Dion Kaba | Auto Finance Advisor
Kaba has over 13 years experience in automotive
finance and vehicle acquisitions. Kaba has
managed nearly $5 billion in auto finance loans
and sales. Currently he is the director of sales and
acquisition for David McDavid Ford.

Grant Gulovsen | Legal Advisor
Grant is an attorney with over 15 years' experience
with corporate and intellectual property law.
Grant has been involved in the cryptocurrency
ecosystem since 2013. He is currently a Member of
International Blockchain Consulting Group's
Blockchain Leadership Team and regularly
advises ICOs about U.S. securities laws and other
corporate matters.

© Repo Blockchain LLC

R

REPO COIN

CONCLUSION
We believe that by bringing auto lenders and repossession companies together on our
network we can fundamentally transform the $1 billion auto repossession industry.
In order to make this possible we aim to forge partnerships with lending entities and
repossession companies in every local area across the US. Our goal is to create the most
comprehensive real-time database of delinquent vehicles in existence, with data
provided by the lenders in our network.
With the use of all of our technologies, we will strive to make the asset recovery process
faster, more transparent, and more efficient, helping auto lenders recoup as much of
their bad debt as possible while also preventing them from having to pay unnecessary
fees to repossession companies.
We also expect to grow a large community of users, motivated by cryptocurrency to
assist in locating delinquent vehicles on the road faster than has ever before been
possible. By offering license plate scanning and recognition technology to our users via
our mobile app we hope to eliminate the use of expensive LPR technology, which
currently drives up the cost of repossession services.
By galvanizing everyday people across the country we will offer a wide range of
individuals the opportunity to participate in our long-term growth and our success story
in revolutionizing the auto repossession industry.

© Repo Blockchain LLC

R

REPO COIN

FAQ
What is Repo Coin?
Repo Coin is a platform that will streamline business dealings between auto lenders and
auto repossession companies. We will also have a mobile app that allows users to assist
in locating assets that need to be recovered by using our license plate scanning and
recognition technology. Our users will be incentivized by cryptocurrency that can be
used to purchase goods and services in our online marketplace.
What problem does Repo Coin solve?
Repo Coin solves the multitude of problems that affect the $1 billion auto repossession
industry, using blockchain technology and a large, highly motivated community of users
to reduce the cost and increase the efficiency of the asset recovery process.
How is Repo Coin different from its competitors?
There are currently no other platforms looking to decentralize the auto repossession
space, giving Repo Coin a first-mover advantage.
How does the Repo protocol work?
Repo Tokens will be built on top of Stellar and transactions will be approved on the basis
of Proof of Work.
What is the total supply of Repo Coin?
357 million tokens, and no additional tokens will ever be created.
What will be the initial distribution of EPH Tokens?
•

50% of tokens will stay in reserve and will be given away over time to users
who participate in license plate scanning, raffles, referrals, etc.

•

20% will remain in company reserves for operating expenses.

•

30% will be allocated to the founders of the company.

Where is Repo Coin based?
Our team is based in Chicago and across the US.
How can I get involved?
You can visit our website at repocoin.io, or find us on
Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram, Reddit, YouTube,
© Repo Blockchain LLC

R

REPO COIN

R

REPO COIN

Bringing the $1 billion auto repossession industry
onto the blockchain.

Repo Blockchain LLC | 30 N. Gould St. STE R Sheridan, WY 82801 | info@repocoin.io

