WHITE PAPER
V 1.0

Moscow 2017

This version of the document is in the active phase of development
Changes and corrections may still be made

TABLE OF CONTENTS
ESSENTIALS OF THE PROJECT
GLOSSARY

3
5

CHAPTER 1. THE PROJECT
1.1. Russian Mining Company
1.2. Tasks
1.3. Sunrise s11i Miner, 16 nm
1.4. MultiClet Miner, 28 nm
1.5. Comparative analysis
1.6. Production timeline

6
6
8
9
10
11
11

CHAPTER 2. THE SCIENCE
2.1. Multicellular architecture
2.2. Industrial sample
2.3. Software

13
14
15
15

CHAPTER 3. THE TECHNOLOGY
3.1. Distributed mining
3.2. Joint Mining Club
3.3. Division of authority, specialization

17
18
18
18

CHAPTER 4. THE TEAM
4.1. R&D team
4.2. Production and placement team
4.3. ICO preparation team
4.4. History of RMC

20
21
21
22
23

CHAPTER 5. ICO
5.1. RMC coin
5.2. Pre ICO
5.3. ICO
5.4. Proposal for potential participants of the RMC Club
5.5. Allocation of funds brought in
5.6. Scenarios of revenue from the RMC coin

24
25
25
26
26
27
27

6.GUARANTIES
6.1. Juridical basis and legal guaranties
6.2. Disclaimer of liability

30
31
31

ESSENTIALS OF THE PROJECT
RMC – a project which brings together two ideas:
а) issuance of a miner of altcoins having MultiClet
heightened energy efficiency;
б) participation of RMC Joint Mining Club members
in the waiting period for the MultiClet miner to be ready.

WHAT RMC IS
Special features of the project:
a new generation MultiClet processor has been developed
We have already launched production capabilities
– a 20 MW mining center in Technopolis (Moscow),
two additional 20 MW units are under construction
Protection of investments thanks to time proven
software – the Mycelium crypto-wallet (170,000 users,
$1.5 billion funds of users on balance)
Own development of security chip ensuring advantageous
conditions in the RMC Joint Mining Club (at the level of
cryptography, the chip guaranties allocation of 20% to the
joint mining fund)

Ill. 1 Essentials of the RMC project

1

Opportunity for everyone
to become the owner of
a next generation miner

2

To enter the closed Joint
Mining Club of the Russian
Mining Company

3 / 32

THE INITIAL IDEA WAS BORN WHEN TWO
HIGH TECH ENTREPRENEURS MET:
the head of a company developing a MultiClet processor on the basis of the post Von Neumann
architecture, Boris Zyrianov, and the manufacturer of dual purpose mining equipment, Sergei
Bobylev. It turned out that MultiClet is the ideal solution for efficient work with cryptocurrency
algorithms with the PoW consensus (bitcoin, Monero, Dash, Z-cash etc.) As a result of the meeting,
the decision was taken to unite the technologies and bring to market the MultiClet miner for
altcoins which, according to mathematical calculations, will be 35 – 200 times more efficient
than equipment now being produced.

Since for optimization of the processor, manufacture of a test sample and start
of production requires 10 months, it was decided to attract investors with the
already developed solution, the Sunrise S11i line-up, which is sufficient for the
work of the Joint Mining Club according to the given scheme:

Sunrise miners are produced
with a built-in security chip;

They are sold to
the population at cost;

The equipment carries a 3-year
guaranty, which makes the offer
unique on the market;

When the miner is operating, 20% of the hash right is allocated to the Joint Mining Club
account and is distributed among RMC Club members (90%) and the Club (10%). This
makes the Club an interested party in its long-term work.

As a result, we get the largest decentralized farm in the
world with the most effective economic results.
Thus, the RMC project makes mining accessible to the population, supporting
the basic value of a blockchain network – decentralization.

4 / 32

GLOSSARY
М

Т

Mining is the activity supporting a distributed platform and creating new blocks with
the possibility of receiving rewards in the form of new units and commission fees in
various crypto-currencies, in particular, the Bitcoin. Payments are required to protect
against repeat spending of one and the same units, and the reward stimulates people
to spend their computational capabilities and to support the operation of the networks.

The Russian Mining Coin (RMC) is a digital asset which gives the owner the right to
acquire a new generation MultiClet miner based on a processor with multicellular
architecture or the right to acquire a Sunrise miner at a special price. The owner of
the coin also has the right to participate in the RMC Joint Mining Club.

М

A new-generation Multiclet 28 nm miner based on a processor
with multicellular architecture for altcoin mining.

М

The 16nm Sunrise s11i is a miner which has no equals in its class, with the SHA 256
mining algorithm and pre-installed security chip, which transfers 20% of the capacity
of the miner to the Joint Mining Club pool. Available in retail sales from September 2017.

K

R

P

The Joint Mining Club is a community of owners of RMC coins which offers its members
some free privileges and benefits that are described in the contract. Each Sunrise s11i
miner allocates 20% of its computational power to the Joint Mining pool. Bitcoins obtained
by the pool are divided between the participants of the Joint Mining Club among owners
of RMC coins proportional to the number of RMC coins they own.

Distributed mining is the technology of distributed output of cryptocurrencies which
brings together low tariffs for electrical energy for the physical owner of the miner and
a new productive line-up of equipment for mining in which part of the computational
power belongs to the investor. The security chip on each hash board guaranties at the
cryptography level fulfillment of the agreement on division of the computational
power of the miner.
The Russian Mining Company project is an open, decentralized system of full cycle
development, implementation, production and management of innovative equipment
for mining based on a security chip on each hash board and the leading chip
5 / 32
of multicellular architecture with unique energy efficiency.

CHAPTER 1. THE PROJECT

6 / 32

1.1. RUSSIAN MINING COMPANY
The modern industry of world mining now has to answer several serious questions. Their
solution will determine its future. Tendencies to consolidation of mining pools in one country
– China, an absence of consensus between Chinese miners and the main players of the
market greatly influence the development of blockchain technology. To resolve the
accumulated contradictions, we need a technological breakthrough and it should be made
by a company not in China. Release of a revolutionary product ensures a new standard of
productivity of miners and will restore decentralization of the network.
Russia is a world leader of innovative technologies. An innovative processor with multicellular
architecture, combined with the technology of decentralized mining makes it possible to create
an effective distributed system from investors, producers and miners in which everyone is
interested in the final result – efficient mining. For the development and industrial production
of a line-up of new generation miners, a group of successful high tech Russian companies
has joined together in the RMC Group, having created products for which there is nothing
comparable in the world: a miner using the multicellular MultiClet S1 28nm processor for
mining altcoins and a miner based on the 16 nm Sunrise s11i for mining the Bitcoin.

THE RMC HOLDING COMPANY CONSISTS OF:
1

2

3

OJSC MultiClet. Development of processors, a research office which develops
highly productive and failure-resistant processor cores and processors with low
energy consumption designed on the basis of Russian multicellular architecture,
as well as devices based on them.
“SmartHeat” Design Office. Development of miners. The combination came in
2015, organized by successful entrepreneurs who had a great deal of experience
in innovative business. Applying non-standard technological solutions, the founders
of the company could combine new computational technologies with the need
to use heating in Russia’s climate. Super-compact installations having great
computational power produce calculations while simultaneously giving off heat
which becomes almost free. SmartHeat also produces a device for working with
distributed computations, both on ASIC processors and on GPU under the Pantech
brand name which is widely known in Russia.
LLC Goodwin. Production of hash boards and software for microcontrollers. The
Russian telecommunications concern was founded in 1997 for development,
production and promotion of high tech products using the DECT standard.
The company’s divisions include CJSC Concern Goodwin (Goodwin Europe),
CJSC ERRI+ and CJSC Goodwin+, which develop and produce a whole
spectrum of goods and software necessary for the deployment of
communications networks in the DECT standard, as well as an array of

7 / 32

telecommunications equipment and household electronics for the consumer market
under the Goodwin trade name. Our own high tech production (CJSC ERRI), located
in one of the industrial zones of Moscow and equipped with modern automatic lines
for surface assembly of printed circuit boards (SMD assembly) and testing systems
of the leading manufacturers (Philips, Rhode & Schwarz, Samsung, Agilent). The
concern also is a developer of base stations of the LTE standard, of a new generation
of networks for 4G data transmission.

4

LLC Radius Group Production. Serial assembly of miners The system integrator
RadiusGroup is specialized in developing complex hardware-software and
engineering solutions for business. RadiusGroup has been working on the IT
market since 1999 and is a successful and fast growing company. Key
competences in the field of building modern engineering networks, development
and deployment of complex Information Systems for managing structured and
unstructured information, ERP-systems for managing an enterprise and systems
based on electronic document flow. The company carries out a whole set of
outsourcing services for information infrastructure, as well as outsourcing of
software based on its own data centers.

1.2 TASKS
The priority tasks of the Russian Mining Company project are:
development and deployment of the new generation MultiClet miners
based on the S1 processor with 28 nm multicellular architecture;
lowering the cost to purchasers of the Sunrise s11i miner;
creation of a distributed mining network;
organizing the Joint Mining Club.

8 / 32

1.3. THE 16 nm SUNRISE s11I MINER
The 16 nm Sunrise s11i miner for mining bitcoins has
the following technical specification and advantages:

Ill. 2. Sunrise s11i Miner

Launch of the first shipment:
September 2017
A fixed purchase
cost for RMC: $1600*

*Price without VAT and other taxes in the receiving country. Taxes are paid by the buyer in addition.'

Basic specifications:
Mining algorithm: SHA 256
Full computational power: 22.6 TH/s of which:
18 TH/s (received by the physical owner)
4.6 TH/s (allocated to the Joint Mining Club)
Power requirements: 2.3-2.5 kW
Processor architecture: 16 nm
Advantages:
Best ROI in its class
Possibility of colocation in central
unit of RadiusHost RadiusHost.ru
Connection to the RMC Club by SSL

9 / 32

1.4 MULTICLET 28 NM MINER
The 28 nm MultiClet miner is the first in the world to
work on the S1 processor with multicellular architecture.
The MultiClet miner has the following technical
specifications and advantages:

Ill. 3. MultiClet Miner

Current status:
the 180 nm chip is ready
Calculations have been made of
productivity on the basic
cryptocurrenies using the
mathematical model of the 28 nm
MultiClet chip

Processor:
The latest DSP processor (chip for mining) not
on the basis of the Von Neumann architecture
Multicellular architecture
Dynamic reconfiguration Simultaneous performance of multiple tasks
Mining for altcoins with the PoW protocol of consensus
Advantages:
Reduces electricity consumption by 200 times
3 year guaranty and ROI in less than 24 hours
The most powerful and safest in the world

10 / 32

1.5. COMPARATIVE ANALYSIS
Comparative analysis of the bitcoin miners is presented below:

Pantech sx6

Bitmain s9

Sunrise s11i

8.5 TH/s, 1.3 kW
$1,450

13.5 TH/s, 1.5 kW
$2,450

22.6 ТН/s, 2.6 kW
$1,600*

ROI – 12 months

ROI – 12 months

ROI – 5 months

Guaranty for less
than the ROI period!

Guaranty for less
than the ROI period!

A RECORD INDICATOR
- 3-year guaranty

Ill. 4. Comparative specifications of the bitcoin miners

11.6. PRODUCTION TIMELINE
08.17 - 09.17
August – September 2017 –
Carry out the pre-ICO and ICO

09.17
September 2017 – launch of production of the new Sunrise s11i
miner (BTC) with security chip and possibility of joint mining.
Start of work on development of the MultiClet miner based
on the obtained mathematical model of the chip.
11 / 32

09.17 - 07.18
September 2017 – July 2018 – research,
development and creation of the MultiClet chip and miner,
mass production and sale of Sunrise s11i miners.

07.18
July 2018 – exchange of 1 RMC coin for
a miner and MultiClet Miner or continuation of
joint mining on Sunrise s11i miners.
Start of production of MultiClet miners

07.18
July 2018 – September 2018
production of MultiClet miners depending
on the number of RMC coins

10.18
October 2018 – launch of work
of the MultiClet miners.

10.18 - 10.21
October 2018 – October 2021 guaranty period of the work of the MultiClet miner

12 / 32

CHAPTER 2. THE SCIENCE

13 / 32

2.1 MULTICELLULAR ARCHITECTURE
Brief basis of the architecture
The multicellular processor R1 consists of four cells.
The architecture encompasses the following four principles:
The cells are independent and identical;
There is no central control block;
The cells can be joined together in any configuration in any quantity;
One and the same program can be carried out on any number of cells;
It works when there is a task to perform.
The R1 operational algorithm does not depend
on the number of cells. Moreover, the cells are
identical and it is not important in which of them
one or another command is performed.
For example, imagine the usual garden
sprinkler. You do not think about how
many openings it has when you are
watering your garden.

DYNAMIC RECONFIGURATION
High productivity is ensured by the multicellular architecture of the processor, which works
more efficiently thanks to its dynamic reconfiguration. Reconfiguration is the capability of the
cells to unite into a group without resetting the processor and it is distributed. For example,
two cells can work on a computation. One cell on the periphery and transmission of information;
the remaining cell, on analysis of the sensors.

SAVINGS ON POWER CONSUMPTION
A major competitive advantage of the
architecture of this type is low energy
consumption with maximal output. Low
energy consumption is achieved thanks
to the simplicity of the realization of the
given architecture and use of the
principle of wide-broadcast distribution.
14 / 32

The multicellular core does not do superfluous operations. It works when there
is a task for it to do. Thus, the R1 represents a new class of processors. At the
present time, no one has made such processors anywhere in the world.
The new qualitative advantages allow us to position the R1 as a principally new
and highly efficient product of microprocessor technology. The S1 processor is
being created on the basis of the R1 processor. Firstly, the MultiClet S1 processor
will consist of 64 cells. The analog-digital converter and the digital-analog
converter will be eliminated, since they do not participate in mining. Therefore,
one can say that on the whole the S1 architecture will be simpler than the R1.
Secondly, the R1 was designed on 180 nm technology, while the S1 is based on
28 nm technology processes. The selection of the 28 nm technology was not
accidental. At present it already has been sufficiently accepted around the world.
The design of a chip, as in the 180 nm, takes place on a surface. There is a great
quantity of ready libraries for software and a sufficient number of specialists with
experience.

2.2. INDUSTRIAL SAMPLE
On the basis of the MultiClet S processor, the engineers of Goodwin and SmartHeat will develop
and produce a sample MultiClet miner on 28 nm technology in the course of 10 months from the
end of the ICO. The finished product – an industrial sample of the 28 nm MultiClet miner - will be
released already in August 2018.
At the same time, LLC Radius Group will produce an assembly of the Sunrise s11i miner on the
basis of 16 nm chips from Bitfury with a pre-installed security chip. The finished products will be
sold to private individuals in free sale for the formation of a network of distributed mining.

2.3. SOFTWARE
The mobile Mycelium wallet which became very popular
within the Bitcoin community. Its source code is in open
access. At present it is available on Android. Integration
with Cashila and Coinapult allow users to easily convert
funds. Now there is full support for using Trezor.

15 / 32

MYCELIUM HAS A NUMBER OF ADVANTAGES:
quick connection to the Bitcoin
network through super nodes located
in various data processing centers;
the balance is displayed
in 164 currencies;
transaction history with full
information on each deal;
built-in QR code scanner;
export of QR-code keys, both in
exchange buffer and in the form
of encrypted PDF files;
the possibility to share the Bitcoin
address through NFC, Twitter,
Facebook or by email.

The Mycelium wallet
enjoys the trust of

190 000
users around the world.

1,5
billion dollars
on the accounts.

16 / 32

CHAPTER 3. THE TECHNOLOGY

17 / 32

3.1. DISTRIBUTED MINING
Distributed mining is the technology of distributed production of cryptocurrencies bringing
together a new accessible product line-up of equipment for mining which allows us to create
an efficiently operating decentralized network with low costs for mining. The security chip
on each hash board and the special software of the S11i miner guaranties division of
computational power between the owners of the miner on the basis of the Joint Mining Club.
The following factors are the preconditions
for the creation of such a network in Russia:
proficit of electricity capacity 20,000 MW;
cheap electrical energy;
reliable electric power system;
cold climate;
affordable price of the Sunrise s11i miner for the population.

In the ICO process, anyone can become a member of the RMC Club by acquiring
an RMC coin, which gives the right to purchase the most modern and productive
miner of altcoins, the 28 nm MultiClet, as well as the right to participate in the
Joint Mining Club for BTC output on the Sunrise s11i.

3.2. JOINT MINING CLUB
The Joint Mining Club is accessible only to owners of the RMC coin club to which 20%
of the computational power of each Sunrises11i miner is allocated. The owner of an RMC
coin will receive digital assets from the total mining pool proportional to the number
of coins that he owns.

3.3 DIVISION OF AUTHORITY, SPECIALIZATION
For fastest possible entry onto the market with a new product line-up of miners, several
companies have joined up to form a single consortium: LLC Goodwin, LLC Radius Group,
OJSC MultiClet and LLC Smart Heat. A precise division of authority and production processes
within the system makes it possible to reach the goals set within the planned deadlines.

18 / 32

OJSC MultiClet - development of the multicellular S1 processor for mining;
LLC SmartHeat (SmartHeat Design Office) – development of the MultiClet
miner on the basis of the S1 processor, the system for cooling the equipment,
interaction with the pools;
LLC Goodwin - manufacturer of the hash board and of software for microcontrollers;
LLC Radius Group -manufacturing capacity, serial assembly of the products.

TECHNOLOGY PARTNERS
Ill. 5. Specialization of the member companies of the RMC consortium
Researh and development
OJSC MultiClet.
Development of the
28 nm chip for use
in mining
multiclet.com
SmartHeat Research
and development
smartheat.io

Production and placement
LLC Radius Group.
Manufacturing capacity
radiusgroup.ru
LLC Goodwin.
Development
of boards
goodwin.ru

19 / 32

CHAPTER 4. THE TEAM

20 / 32

4.1 R&D TEAM

Boris Zyrianov
- catalyst of the project, technology
partner, general director of OJSC
MultiClet

Sergei Bobylev
- ideologist of the project, generator
of ideas, developer of dual purpose
devices – miners-boilers, miners-heaters,
founder of the company SmartHeat

4.2 PRODUCTION AND PLACEMENT TEAM
Dmitry Marinichev
- project founder, transforms ideas into concepts and brings them
to a new level. Responsible for public relations, development and
promotion. Heads the company Radius Group.

Mikhail Nagorsky
- technological support of the project
Development of hardware solutions.

21 / 32

Nikolai Streltsov
- inventor of the multicellular architecture,
technical director of OJSC MultiClet

Aleksei Demidov
- system architect, developer of software for mining
pools and administrator of the joint mining services.
Lead engineer – programmer of the company LLC
Radius Group

4.3. ICO PREPARATION TEAM
Natalya Shatokhina
- project manager. Chief of staff for development
of IT solutions on transition of government
institutions to digital platforms.

Konstantin Alenov
- financial consultant to the project. Development
of the financial model. Financial director
of LLC Radius Group

Oksana Bobyleva
- project coordinator. Director of the
blockchain Laboratory of the ecosystem
«Lyudi Rosta»

22 / 32

4.4. HISTORY OF RMC
2015
- founding of the SmartHeat design office.
Launch of production of dual purpose
miners (miners-boilers).
http://smartheat.io/ru/

Summer of 2016
- beginning of joint work with the company
LLC Radius Group, organization of the firm of joint
Mining (ASIC) on the basis of the central unit (TsOD).
http://www.radiusgroup.ru/

Autumn of 2016
- beginning of joint work with the company LLC Goodwin.
Beginning of work on the security chip for the possibility of
division of income from mining between the pool of investors and
support for the functioning of joint mining.
http://www.goodwin.ru/

December 2016
- getting to know the company MultiClet. Start of development
of the mathematical model for a new generation miner
on the basis of the mathematical model for the MultiClet processor.
http://multiclet.com/

April 2017
- presentation of the new Pantech miner adapted for use in Russia.
Beginning of sales of Pantech miners to various
buyers through a dealer network.

June 2017
- start of preparation for the ICO.

23 / 32

CHAPTER 5. ICO

24 / 32

5.1. RMC COIN
The RMC coin is the digital asset of the system recorded in the Colored coins format
http://coloredcoins.org on the basis of the Bitcoin blockchain with open source code.
The RMC coin is the basic instrument of intra-system communication, as well as the
asset which confirms membership in the Joint Mining Club.. Only the RMC coin gives
the right of exchange for a MultiClet miner and participation in the Joint Mining Club
or privileged purchase of the miner S11i.
Objective of the issuance
The objective of the RMC issuance is to attract cash
funds to the Project equivalent to 100,000,000 USD.
Volume of the issuance
Only 25,000 RMC will be issued.
Buy-back of coins is possible by means of exchange for miners.
Advantages of the RMC coin
Functional MultiClet processor;
Joint production of the cheap and reliable miners 16 nm
Sunrise s11i – with 3-year guaranty, ROI - 5 months;
Existing production capacity – 20 MW;
Mycelium software;
Own pool from the project Bitcoin-Russia.ru;
A developed security chip ensuring that 20% of the entire computational
capacity goes to the Joint Mining Club;
A finance plan that divides proceeds from the ICO into 2 flows:
10% for development and production of the MultiClet miner and 90% for purchase
of components and production of the Sunrise miner with security chip;
The interest of the producer in the long-term reliable functioning of the miners:
the security chip guaranties participation of the RMC Club members
in joint use of the equipment;
A team of professionals with successful experience of implementing innovations.

25 / 32

5.2. PRE ICO
The Pre-ICO RMC begins on 7 August 2017
During the pre-ICO, the cost of an RMC coin comes to 4,000 USD without VAT.
The threshold of participation of the investor cannot be less than 250,000 USD.
At this stage, it is possible to pay in RUB or in USD.

5.3. ICO
Time period for carrying out the ICO
28.08.2017- 28.09.2017.
The cost of an RMC coin amounts to between 4100 and 4900 USD depending
on the time of purchase during the ICO. The threshold of participation is 0.1 coin.
After completion of the ICO, the RMC can be freely transferred to
a third party via the Mycelium wallet.

Pre-Sale

Transaction period
7.08 - 27.08

1 RMC coin
$4,000

Threshold of participation
$250,000

ICO

Transaction period
28.08 – 28.09

1 RMC coin
from $4,100 to $4,900

Threshold of participation
0.1 coin

After the ICO is carried out, new coins will no longer be issued
The number of MultiClet miners is limited.
Target

100 М $
Ill. 6. RMC Project: conditions of Pre-ICO and ICO

26 / 32

5.4. OFFER FOR POTENTIAL
PARTICIPANTS OF THE RMC CLUB
1 RMC – 4,000 USD
Purchase of RMC coins for BTC, ETH, USD, RUV;
possibility of free transfer (sale) of a coin to third parties;
the benefits of coin owners as members of the Joint Mining Club;
a special price for the 16 nm Sunrise s11i;
the possibility to take ownership of a ready to go 28 nm
MultiClet miner or to remain in the Joint Mining Club;
reliable Mycelium software;
the possibility to place equipment with Club partners.

5.5. ALLOCATION OF FUNDS RECEIVED
The Project stipulates allocation of the funds obtained from the ICO according to the following scheme:
Proceeds from
sale of miners

Mining $ 90 million

$ 80 million
Bitfury chips
16 nm

$10 million
casing
and kit

Chip
development

Miner
development

Chip
issue

Board
test

Investors

6 months

Sunrise miner
operation

18%

Assembling and
sale to individuals
20%

12 months

R&D Multiclet
$ 10 million

ICO $ 100 million

10 months

Multiclet
sample

Joint mining
club

After 10 months, the investor has a choice to:
- Get the ready Multiclet miner
- Stay in the joint mining club
3 months

Stay

Receive

Ready Multiclet
miner

Ill.7. Scheme for allocation of ICO funds

27 / 32

5.6. SCENARIOS OF INCOME FROM THE RMC COIN
Several scenarios of yield from the RMC coin are possible.

NEGATIVE
Indicates income per 1 RMC of 18% (20%-2%) included in the capacity
pool of Sunrise miners. The calculation has been made given the sale
of 56,000 units of Sunrise for every half year over the course of 3 years.
Reduction of income in years 4 – 5 due to reduction in income per unit
of capacity, complication of computations.
Income calculated at the current BTC exchange rate

Income per 1 RMC in the Sunrise mining pool, $K

Year 1

Year 2

Year 3

Year 4

Year 5

Ill. 8. Income in the pool of Sunrise mining

28 / 32

POSITIVE
The MultiClet miner stopped being produced in the agreed time
periods: income from the first year of 18% capacity of Sunrise in
the pool. Next – exchange of RMC for MultiClet and exit from the
pool. Years 2 – 5 superior income from MultiClet mining.

Income for 1 RMC in the Sunrise mining pool and at exit with an allotment
1 MultiClet, $K

250,0
212,6
200,0
167,5
150,0
122,3
100,0

77,2

50,0
-

1,3
Year 1

Year 2

Year 3

Year 4

Year 5

Ill. 9. Income in the Sunrise mining pool taking into account the exchange of RMC for MultiClet

29 / 32

INDEPENDENT OPERATIONS
WITH

The coin is used for purchase of the Sunrise miner and further
independent mining on it. Income from independent Sunrise
mining after purchase in exchange for RMC in the first Sunrise
allotment and exit from the Joint Mining Club.

Income per 1 RMC at exit with an allotment of 1 Sunrise, $K

6,0
5,0

4,8

4,9

4,0

3,6

3,0
2,3
2,0
0,9

1,0
Year 1

Year 2

Year 3

Year 4

Year 5

Ill. 10. Income when buying Sunrise and engaging in independent mining.

30 / 32

CHAPTER 6. GUARANTIES

31 / 32

6.1. JURIDICAL BASIS AND
LEGAL GUARANTIES
At the foundation of the project is a juridical construction which makes it possible to regulate
and establish the respective rights for Members of the RMC Club. The Russian Mining Coin is
a digital asset which gives the right to acquire a new generation MultiClet miner, and also the
right to acquire a Sunrise miner at a special price. In addition, the owner of the coin becomes
a participant in the Joint Mining Club. De facto, the RMC coin is an asset which attests to the
existence of obligations between the parties. The lack of legal status of cryptocurrency in the
RF allowed the developers of the project to view it as a digital asset created in the mining
process and at the same time as a discount coupon which gives the right to purchase an RMC
coin at reduced price.
Moreover, the level of discount for purchase of a coin is directly proportional to the amount of
invested digital assets (cryptocurrency). The right to membership in the Joint Mining Club is
confirmed by the RMC coin. The right to membership can be transferred by means of transfer
of the coin either for compensation or on a non-compensated basis.

6.2. DISCLAIMER OF RESPONSIBILITY
Information in this document can be changed and updated without preliminary notification.
This document or its separate parts cannot be copied or reproduced without the written
permission of the Russian Mining Company. The task of this document is only to provide
information to potentially interested people. The information presented in this document
is not legally binding in any sense of the word and does not amount to an offer to sell
shares or securities.

32 / 32

THE MULTICELLULAR REVOLUTION!
General ICO questions:
ico@rmc.one
Sales:
sales@rmc.one
MASS MEDIA and PR:
pr@rmc.one
Korean:
korea@rmc.one
Chinese:
china@rmc.one
English:
english@tmc.one

FOR DETAILED INFORMATION:
sales@rmc.one

www.rmc.one

