Safex (Blue Paper)
A peer-to-peer marketplace and fungible digital cash system
A guiding document to Safex Developers, Advisors, and Early Adopters
=========
Daniel Dabek, Ivana Todorovic
January 3, 2018

Abstract

delineate the conclusion of beta, and the start
of Safex Cash mining. Future documentation will summarize the innovations that have
taken place during the beta development phase
and will be published prior to launch. This
document is the initial one and there will
be more to follow, as development progresses,
which will describe in depth each process as it
reaches finalization in code.

A purely peer-to-peer marketplace with an embedded cryptocurrency that is anonymous, has
an emission rate based on merit, and is easy
to obtain and use by a wide group of people would allow mass adoption of decentralized
cryptocurrency. Safex establishes a network
where digital currencies are fairly distributed
through Proof of Work mining. The emission
rate is such that the currency is desirable to
earn through productivity and trade. Every
action: transfer of currency and trade of goods
and services that take place in the ecosystem
is via a series of linked transactions that are
recorded at regular intervals of blocks. The
chaining of transactions of balances forms a
blockchain. Security is brought by technologies that enable privacy which allows all participants to enjoy embedded trust and transparency. This provides people with a secure
enclave for building digital wealth.

Token

Introduction

Safex Tokens provide a means for people to
license themselves with the blockchain network. Any activity by users that intends to
be lasting, and attached with a form of digital
pseudonym, must be established through usage of Safex Tokens. There are 2,147,483,647
Safex Tokens that will ever exist and they serve
a number of important utilities for Safex.
At this moment (January 2018) Safex Tokens
exist on the Bitcoin Blockchain, but they will
be moved to their own blockchain during the
launch phase of the Safex Blockchain.

While the Safex Blockchain could be a
“vanilla” cryptocurrency and blockchain, the
further progression of Safex is to establish a decentralized marketplace. Therefore, this document outlines the beta phase of the development cycle. This blue paper outlines the foundation on which the Safex Development team
will build upon.
The conversion of Safex Tokens from the Bitcoin Blockchain into the Safex Blockchain will

About the Safex Tokens that exist currently on the Bitcoin Blockchain. The
origins of the Safex project begin with the
token being instantiated and traded on the
Bitcoin Blockchain. It adheres to the Omni
Protocol, and it is identified by the #56 in
the series of assets and its name is Safe Exchange Coin. The initialization of the Safex
Blockchain also enables the holders of Safe Exchange Coin, found on the Bitcoin Blockchain
1

as #56 in the series of Omni Protocol tokens, to convert their Bitcoin based tokens into
Safex Blockchain based Safex Tokens. Only
the Safex Tokens that have been redeemed on
the Safex Blockchain are eligible for the properties for earning incentives and for establishing accounts.

Safex Accounts earn incentives. Establishing an account with Safex Tokens requires
the user to encumber them in such a way that
they can never be removed in the future. The
network charges a provision for trading on the
marketplace and therefore whoever has established an account receives their share of the
provisions based on their holdings relative to
the Safex Token supply.
Besides establishing an account and encumbering only the minimal amount of Safex Tokens,
individuals can also create an incentive transaction, which enables them to receive incentives on their entire holdings. These special
transactions can be unencumbered in the future.

Migration of Safex from Bitcoin
Blockchain. The migration of Safex from the
Bitcoin Blockchain into the Safex Blockchain
marks the start of the Safex Blockchain.
All Safex Tokens that are on the Bitcoin
Blockchain will be passed through a one
way burn function and credited on the Safex
Blockchain and will forever only exist on the
newly established Safex Blockchain.

Incentives come from marketplace
trades. Incentives are established from charging a 5% marketplace fee, this is a provision
on all sales offers of goods and services on
the platform. At the conclusion of payment
the provision is allocated proportionally to all
locked in Safex Tokens.

Safex Tokens are used to establish Accounts on the Safex Network. Safex Tokens are required to establish a profile on the
network that establishes a pseudonym which
could be used to create brand recognition and
also to maintain a consistent identity. This
identity would be valuable for establishing reputation and for making it easy to find a specific
user on the network for interaction. A further
description of Safex Accounts is found in the
subsequent section.

Dealing with a larger number of incentive distributions. Due to a potentially high
volume of incentive distributions, an entire
block will be allocated on a regular interval
in order to allocate incentives to their respective beneficiaries. The beneficiary will be able
to then spend from this block towards other
offers in the marketplace or to send to another
address.

Two types of ways to get incentives. The
Safex Blockchain pays incentives to two different forms of Safex Tokens encumbrance. In
the first, Safex Tokens are used to make an
alias (account) on the network. Payment of
incentives are still made to those tokens spent
in forming the account. In the second place,
someone with Safex Tokens can “lock in” their
tokens and begin receiving fees from the marketplace. The second is not permanent, the
tokens can be unlocked from the blockchain.

Cash
Safex Cash is the currency of the Safex Marketplace. Safex Cash is necessary to pay all
transaction fees to the network. Every action
that takes place on the Blockchain network requires the payment of some network fee. Safex
Cash is obtainable through proof of work mining as well as from staking Safex Tokens. Safex
Cash is also the principal payment method
when fulfilling the purchase of products and
services of the marketplace.

Cost of performing an incentive lock in.
Performing a lock in transaction will cost 1
Safex Token which is burned but counts towards the incentives in the lock in. Unlocking the Safex Tokens will cost an additional 1
Safex Token.
2

Money Supply of Safex Cash. The main
function for Safex Cash is to act as an intermediary instrument between parties, that
is, to facilitate the business of the market
by acting as a common medium of exchange
(Mises, 1953). In order to achieve that goal,
it should meet the demand for currency so
as to enable all transactions on the marketplace. Taking into consideration that Safex
Cash should be generated from the start of the
Safex Blockchain, the emission of the money
supply must adjust according to demand for
money supply. Demand for Safex Cash depends on platform growth - growth of new active users (both buyers and sellers) and the
number of transactions. Consequently, the
emission curve for Safex Cash is designed to
follow the rate of marketplace adoption.
Safex marketplace is the innovation - it applies
new ideas (encryption, cryptocurrency) and
new, more effective technology (blockchain) to
e commerce. Therefore, the adequate model
that represents future growth of the Safex
marketplace is known as “diffusion of innovation”. It is a process by which an innovation is communicated internally over time
among the members of a social market system (Rogers 1983). The diffusion follows an
S-shaped curve which means that the innovation requires a lengthy period from the time
it becomes available until mass adoption is
achieved. In our case, after the marketplace
is released, only a class of innovators are interested in using it (represented with a slow,
and deliberate start). As it is communicated
in a social system, other groups of consumers
begin adopting the marketplace (represented
with accelerated growth). In the last phase,
growth rate of diffusion decelerates and eventually reaches the saturation level.
The Safex Cash emission curve is going to follow an S shape. There is a limit of 1 billion
(1,000,000,000) Safex Cash that will be emitted in the next 20 years (1 minute per block).
Half of the coins will be mined in first 7 years,
while the other half will be emitted in the following 13 years.

Figure 1: Safex cash emission curve

Figure 2: Annual mining reward per block

The purpose of a Safex Cash airdrop. In
order to seed the network with activity and be
able to cover fees for the initialization of the
marketplace, 1 percent of Safex Cash will be
airdropped. One half of that amount (0.5%
of the money supply or 5 million coins) will
be obtainable by the holders of Safex Tokens
during the start of the Safex Blockchain. The
other 0.5% will be assigned to the Safex development team.
Airdropped coins have a key role in the
marketplace operation in the first months of
launch, but they will also highly affect the future growth of the Safex platform. An initial
condition for using the marketplace is the existence of a certain amount of currency. Without
circulation of the currency, operations wouldnt
be possible. So, airdropped Safex Cash are literally enabling usage of the platform.
The best way to put money in circulation is to
distribute it to those who want to use it. Con3

sequently, coins will be distributed to Safex
Token holders and the development team. One
smaller amount of the teams currency will be
used to cover development costs. The main
part will be invested in marketing and promotion in order to increase the number of market
participants so as to galvanize trading on the
platform. Also, Safex Cash will be used to
finance future development of the project using the Safex marketplace mechanisms of service providers. The amount of dividends that
Safex holders will earn are directly dependent
on the gross merchandise volume. This creates
a strong incentive for Safex holders to promote
the marketplace and spend (and earn) their
Safex Cash from the platform. That is why
a significant amount of airdropped Safex Cash
will be used for marketing purposes and for
buying goods and services.

there will be rewards available to those who
are adopting the network.
Emission of new coins follows the marketplace
adoption model. For example, in years that
are expected to have an exponential growth of
users and transactions, money supply growth
will also be exponential, and vice versa. This
means the when there is higher demand for
money, mining rewards will be higher. Total
supply of Safex Cash is limited to one billion
coins and when it reaches the maximum miners will depend on the transaction fees alone
which will be ample with widespread usage of
the currency.
Table 1: Safex cash mining schedule.
Year
airdrop
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20

Safex Cash Divisibility. Safex Cash is divisible to 4 decimal places. 1.0000
Names of divisible quantities:
0.0001 Safex Cash = 1 Dabek
0.001 Safex Cash = 1 Todor
0.01 Safex Cash = 1 Cortez
0.1 Safex Cash = 1 Cabral
Proof of Work Mining. Safex Cash is distributed using an egalitarian proof of work
mining algorithm. The algorithm is based on
the CryptoNight algorithm (Seigen, 2013). It
is unrealistic to think that hardware manufacturers will incorporate more expensive methods to produce application specific machines
for mining the coins. Therefore, general purpose computers such as the average home computer and at best graphic card arrays will be
efficient at mining Safex Cash. This means
that the ability for ordinary people to participate in the support of the network and acquisition of Safex Cash is more evenly distributed.
It is for this reason and the Money Supply Distribution that throughout the entire lifetime
of the Safex Marketplace and its Blockchain

Block
height
0
525,000
1,050,000
1,575,000
2,100,000
2,625,000
3,150,000
3,675,000
4,200,000
4,725,000
5,250,000
5,775,000
6,300,000
6,825,000
7,350,000
7,875,000
8,400,000
8,925,000
9,450,000
9,975,000
10,518,750

Mining
reward
10
30
65
100
135
170
205
240
200
160
130
100
80
60
50
40
32
26
22
20
20

Total
supply
10,000,000
25,750,000
59,875,000
112,375,000
183,250,000
272,500,000
380,125,000
506,125,000
611,125,000
695,125,000
763,375,000
815,875,000
857,875,000
889,375,000
915,625,000
936,625,000
953,425,000
967,075,000
978,625,000
989,125,000
1,000,000,000

Marketplace
The main value proposition of the Safex
Blockchain is its embedded marketplace. The
world has found that cryptocurrencies are
4

highly effective for making international payments and purchases (Nakamoto, 2008). However, there are many shortcomings due to
offsite clearing of the payments.
Safex
Blockchain addresses this by providing a fully
functional marketplace mechanism where people are capable of offering their goods or services directly on the Blockchain and all payment clearing and processing takes place atomically via blockchain transactions.
There are a number of advantages to such a
system:

Title Market (A curated and centrally
managed marketplace of vendors and
participants). A title market is a listing that
is backed by a staked participant. In order to
post a listing, such a participant would need to
be verified by the Title operator or be the controller of the Title. These listings are enabled
to provide an identity; for example the title
market for apples could be: apple, and within
it are all verified sellers listings of apples, their
prices, and terms of redemption.
The curator would then enable settings to provide the proper means for the vendors to fulfill
their objectives of trading in their respective
markets. The curator can enable or disable
anyone from participating in this particular title, for instance, should an apple vendor begin
to sell electronics in the market for apples.

1. No longer do people need to host
complex services to provide purchasing
mechanisms for cryptocurrencies.
2. The advancement permits fewer risks in
service breach that leads to theft and
compromised payment systems involving cryptocurrencies. Safex Marketplace
eliminates the web server altogether because all payment and clearing is carried
out cryptographically over a decentralized network.
3. Discovery of trading partners becomes
more efficient so that you can find products and services readily.

Escrow and Arbitration. Curators can also
set arbitration rules, and the forms of escrow
that are permitted on their market segment.
This means that when a merchant decides to
offer their product on a specific Title Market,
they are enabling all of the rules set forward
by the person who established that Title.
Costs of establishing a Title Market. The
cost of establishing a Title Market and becoming its curator requires a Basic Account to pay
and burn 200 Safex Tokens at the time establishment. The curator of the market can set
a fee for utilizing their segment and they will
earn the fee from all sellers within their marketplace.

The Safex marketplace is a collection of markets and sale listings. People can interact with
the marketplace term agreements. Within a
term agreement are the parameters by which
a transaction will be fulfilled. Among the attributes include: arbitration, escrow, digital
receipts, timestamp proofs, cash on delivery.
The possibilities of expanded data structures
of a CryptoNote Transaction allows the network to implement various advancements in
utility (Werner, 2012).

Encrypted Marketplaces. Any user has the
ability to fully encrypted their market, and in
order to participate in that market, the user
must acquire the decryption key.
Finding and Interacting with hosted
markets. The transaction hash, is the “web
address” in the blockchain where a Title marketplace listing or void market listing can be
parsed from.

Void Market (when someone has no category marketplace listing). The Safex
marketplace permits any person to pay a listing fee which enables a digital contract to be
embedded and executed by the blockchain network. These market listings bare no title, and
are free formed with arbitrary parameters.

While the blockchain marketplace cannot be
censored in any way, the way people experi5

ence the marketplace can be regulated (voluntarily). Thus, a layer above the blockchain
could act as a registry of these transaction
hashes that represent the destination to a specific product or service within the Safex marketplace. These addresses can then be filtered
and curated on a website or an application.

Full confidentiality is established by encrypting the marketplace listing. It is also
possible that users will want to privately share
their marketplace listings. In order to facilitate
this, users can encrypt their marketplace listing. Only those characteristics which are required for the Blockchain to process escrow remain visible. The conditions and descriptions
of the product or service remain encrypted via
PGP.

Accounts
Users of the marketplace can establish
a profile via a Safex Account. A Safex
Account is able to display its identity and be
stored in the blockchain. A basic account consists of a Name, Avatar, Website URL, Unique
ID, and an array of PGP Keys. The most important aspect is the fact that a basic account
could receive and give reputation.
Effectively, an Account is capable of applying
its sell orders to a Title Market or to the Void
and represent its wares in that marketplace
if approved by the Title Market Curator. A
Basic account may not create a Title Market.
This type of account can already begin to acquire reputation and give feedback on other
transactions.
The cost of a basic account is a burn of 2
Safex Tokens. These tokens are staked and
earn residual dividends for the account.

Treasury
Safex needs a way to finance future development and maintenance. Since safex
is a completely decentralized community and
software that has been demanded and built by
a worldwide collective effort, it also will need
to have some form to ensure the maintenance
of its future. Other decentralized technology
platforms such as Dash (Balazs, 2017) have
found great success in proliferating their message and development contributions by offering bounties.
Safex will need to permit for such a provision
so that innovation remains on a constant trajectory, and for there to be an unbiased reserve
of finance to permit incentives to be made
which the community could call on to demand
improvements and the development of new features.

Safex Network fees are paid in Safex
Cash. Each action that involves manipulating data related to the marketplace takes the
form of a transaction. These transactions bear
a network fee that must be paid in Safex Cash.

Treasury funding comes from trades on
the marketplace. A provision on all transactions will be charged from all sales events of
0.02%. This amount will be sent to a repository maintained by the Safex software.

Each trade enables a feedback event for
building reputation. When someone concludes a trade with another party, so long as
the trade took place with an account, each
person may grant feedback to the other party.
Both buyer and seller can award a reputation
score between 1-5 as well as a text comment.
Part of the provision from a trade is allocated
so that people need not worry about additional
payments for the data costs when leaving feedback.

Community appointed Chief Architect.
The community could appoint a chief architect who could allocate 50% of the finances
based on a monthly balance average without
approval from the community. The Chief Architect will submit a key that the blockchain
software will recognize for spending funds. All
expenses must be a proposal and should be put
6

towards critical infrastructure bounties to developers, and other necessary expenses for the
Safex software.

block utilization increases so does the limitation in order to accommodate an ever expanding user base.

Nominating a chief architect. Nomination
of a chief architect could take place once every 3 months. Also a majority of participating
voters will determine the outcome of the vote.

Encrypted communication via the
blockchain. Anyone can store a PGP key
in the Safex Blockchain for a fee. Therefore,
messages can be encrypted using the identifier
of the PGP key and stored in the blockchain
for retrieval in the future by the recipient.

Proposal for spending from the treasury
for community initiatives. Anyone with
an account could make a proposal and anyone with Safex Tokens before the proposal was
formed could cast a vote whether to approve
or decline an expense. Majority of participants
will determine the outcome of the proposal.

Ring Confidential Transactions ensure
fungible currency. A critical element of
cryptocurrency is that it must be mutually interchangeable. One unit of Safex Cash must be
in the same perception as another Safex Cash
unit. This defines the “Cash” term of the Safex
Currency. Therefore, the Safex Blockchain employs the use of Ring Confidential Transactions
in order to preserve the fungibility of the currency so that each Safex Cash is viewed in
the same way. This also means that when
spending to a purchase agreement or sending
a transaction the recipient has no knowledge
of the purchasers other balances and has no
knowledge of the purchasers spending habits
(Noether, 2015).

Blockchain
The Safex Blockchain focuses on addressing
critical issues related to community adoption
and sustainability. This means that people
who find themselves using the currency mined
on this blockchain must be able to maintain
their sovereignty by protecting their balances
in such a way that adversaries cannot analyze
and make targets of the users. Therefore, the
currency must employ anonymizing features to
protect the people who use it.
Secondly, users should be able to exercise activities over the blockchain, in this case exposing a marketplace where people can buy
and sell the things that they want and need
from other people without leaving the confines
of the Safex peer to peer network. In addition, the sustainability aspect depends on the
blockchain not being constrained and prone to
spam attacks due to full blocks as is the case
with Bitcoin.

RingCT for securing private wealth. Utilizing Ring Confidential Transactions means
that only the sender and the receiver know
which transaction is correct from the set of inputs used to form a transaction. One the one
hand the sender who formed the transaction
has information about the real transaction and
on the other hand the recipient is able to sign
off on a future transaction with their private
key. These features are essential to maintain
privacy that one should expect with their finances when utilizing a fully transparent and
decentralized blockchain.

Dynamic block size deals with full
blocks. A common flaw and the subject of
intense controversy is the capacity of blocks in
many blockchain networks, particularly in Bitcoin. The Safex Blockchain employs a dynamically adjusting block size limitation so that as

Conclusion
We have outlined a path that will solve the
most important issues that face cryptocurrencies today. Those of fair currency distribution,
7

a rigorous incentive model for promotion of the
ecosystem to more participants, the means to
remain secure when spending funds within the
digital realm, and finally a mechanism through
which people can engage in meaningful trade
among each other.
From here the development team is able to produce a minimum viable product that can go to
the market and serve the people to conduct
crypto commerce. The future will be full of
innovations beyond the initial implementation
and only because we took the first steps will
those enhancements and optimizations be possible. The early adopters are the first to the
market and will be veterans of utilizing our
novel platform and be leaders in the new economic model that cryptocurrencies have presented to us. We have found the best way to
distribute money to support real utilization,
while maintaining the incentive for people to
participate fairly along the way. This project
intends to stand the test of time and should be

considered a global infrastructure that is being
cultivated for the long term.

References
Balazs, K. (2017.) Governance and Budget
System, https://dashpay.atlassian.net
Mises L. (1953.) The Theory of Money and
Credit, Yale University Press, New Haven, CT,
USA
Nakamoto, S. (2008.) Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer
Electronic Cash System, bitcoin.org
Noether, S. (2015.) Ring Confidential Transactions, https://eprint.iacr.org
Rogers E. (1983.) Diffusion of innovations
(3rd ed.). New York: Free Press of Glencoe,
USA
Seigen et al. (2013.) CryptoNight Hash Function, cryptonote.org
Werner et al. (2012.) CryptoNote Transaction
Extra Field, cryptonote.org

8

