SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

SAFE HAVEN

The Solution To Digital Inheritance

1

SAFEHAVEN.IO

EXECUTIVE
SUMMARY
Cryptocurrencies and digital assets are a new and evolving concept
that promote a future with decentralized stores of value and peerto-peer transactions. However, with any new and revolutionary
idea comes skepticism and distrust. Digital currencies are volatile,
unpredictable, and easily lost. Once our valuable stakes in digital
assets are gone, they cannot ever be retrieved regardless of reasons
(simple forgetfulness, loss of keys or saved passphrases, or in some
instances, death). Losing cryptocurrencies contributes to the many
problems hindering the advancement and widespread utilization of
digital assets in the modern world.
Safe Haven offers a solution to this problem by providing a safe,
secure, and transparent means for one’s digital assets to be inherited
by anyone they choose, at any time they choose, while remaining in
full control of their investment. Safe Haven’s complex, yet effective
platform uses the advanced technology of Smart Contracts combined
with legal entities from across the globe. This combination empowers
Safe Haven Digital Asset (SHA DA) holders to ensure secure
inheritance of widespread digital assets. Any group or organization
can utilize Safe Haven’s platform.
The Safe Haven solution requires minimal involvement, which results
in the initiator remaining in control. The initiator may retrieve his or
her token at any time throughout the process. Through secure
encryption, the initiator’s keys are split and encoded in the lockchain.
The number of times the key is split varies, and depends on The
number of times the key is split varies between each case. By
enlisting legal entities worldwide via our TAN (Trust Alliance
Network) each individual case is legally noted, and conditions for
inheritance are given on an individual level, dependent on the wishes
of the initiator. By involving both legal entities and secure, encrypted
transactions all while leaving the initiator completely in control, our
solution is transparent, easy to use, and unprecedented.

2

WHITEPAPER

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

3

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

TABLE OF
CONTENTS
1. Introduction
2. Four-step Solution
3. Basic Principles
3.1 Blockchain
3.2 Smart Contract
4. Techniques & Conceptual Mathematics
4.1 Polynomial Interpolation
4.2 Key Escrow
4.3 Secret Sharing
4.4 Two-Man Rule
4.5 TFC Shares Distribution Protocol
		
4.5.1 TFCSD Case 1: 1 child and 1 validator
		
4.5.2 TFCSD Case 2: 3 children and 1 validator
		
4.5.3 TFCSD Case 3: 3 children + fail-safe and 1 validator
		
4.5.4 TFCSD Case 4: 3 children and 2 validators
		
4.5.5 TFC Fail-Safe Share(s)
4.6 The Validator’s Share Process.
4.7 Multiple Validators Possibility
5. SH-Trust Alliance Network
5.1 Articles
5.2 Legal documents
5.3 Legal Entity Profiles
5.4 TAN Usage
		
5.4.1 Legal Entity Perspective
		
5.4.2 User Perspective
5.5 TAN Services Integration
5.6 TAN rewarding system
6. SHA Protection Plans
7. Token Utilization
7.1 FUEL
7.2 Locking
7.3 Staking
8. Funds Allocation
9. Roadmap

5

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

1. INTRODUCTION
Nearly every day, someone or some news outlet releases a story about
lost Bitcoin, Litecoin, or various other digital assets. Typically, the loss can
be pinned to carelessness, misplacement of private keys, death, and even
blockchain mistakes1. The crypto-space is young, both in age and investor
demographic. With it comes a lack of concern regarding the loss of digital
assets due to unforeseeable circumstances.
Consider Bitcoin’s loss statistic: 4 million Bitcoin
are assumed to be lost forever due to general
human and transactional error2. As mentioned
earlier, the youth and pace of this space does not
allow time individuals to necessarily plan for future
life circumstances. Failure to recall the private key
or passphrase results in a permanent loss of digital
currency. This also means that the access point
to your assets is shut off indefinitely should your
heirs be unaware of you holding digital assets, or if
they lack access to your keys. Even in cases where
heirs have access to the investor’s keys, the heirs
may not have the skills to retrieve the digital assets
themselves. These facts may justify some of the
hesitation traditional investors have in choosing
cryptocurrency as an investment or store of value.
There’s also the issue of an investor’s lack of
confidence with sharing his or her private key with
heirs. Storing this information insecurely could lead
to physical loss of it, theft, or even manipulation
of assets.3 There are many investors in the
cryptocurrency market and the vast majority invest
with the long-term goal of securing their future and
family’s financial stability.

6

Digital assets are prone to loss; either by error
or death, but that does not mean one has to bear
all of the risks if he or she wishes to share in the
profits. The Safe Haven Digital Asset (SHA DA),
was built to protect one’s digital legacy and ensure
one’s family has access to his or her assets, when
necessary. The SHA DA is the only truly secure and
100% inheritable digital asset to date. Safe Haven’s
platform incorporates cutting edge features and
revolutionary technologies such as the Ethereum
Blockchain, smart contracts, and our own patented
Trust Alliance Network, which allows SHA tokens
to be extremely secure and inheritable, while still
granting the investor liquidity and complete control
over his or her funds as they grow in value.
1 Southurt, J. (2013, October 25). How “dumb mistakes”
can lead to costly bitcoin losses. Coin Desk. Retrieved
March 25, 2018, from https://www.coindesk.com/
dumb-mistakes-costly-bitcoin-losses/
2 Roberts, J. J., & Rapp, N. (2017, November 25).
Exclusive: Nearly 4 Million Bitcoins Lost Forever, New
Study Says. Fortune. Retrieved February, 2018, from
http://fortune.com/2017/11/25/lost-bitcoins/
3 Roberts, J. J. (2017, September 26). What Happens
to Cryptocurrency When You Die? Fortune. Retrieved
February/March, 2018, from http://fortune.
com/2017/09/26/crytocurrency-bitcoin-death/

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

7

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

2. FOUR-STEP SOLUTION
Safe Haven gives contributors the opportunity to secure their digital
assets without locking themselves out. Thanks to our TFC Share
Distribution Key, Escrow Protocol, and the Trust Alliance Network (TAN),
seeds/private keys/passphrases can be shared amongst stakeholders
or family members in a transparent and secure manner. Our protocol
distributes the shares in a way where the investor keeps (at all costs) the
power over his assets. On the unfortunate day that he/she should pass
away, a registered member of the Trust Alliance Platform (notary) can
retrieve the remaining share on the blockchain to pass the contributor’s
legacy down to his/her children or stakeholders.

Step 1:
The example user protects his legacy (crypto assets) and plans to distribute his seeds/private
keys or passphrases using Safe Haven’s secure and transparent blockchain solution amongst
his three children. The initiator of the process goes to a registered member of our Trust
Alliance Network; this is a group of legal entities that have a secure relationship with Safe
Haven. Together, they process the necessary validation steps.

8

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

Step 2:
The legal entity, referred to as the validator, divides the data to protect and distribute (see
TFC shares distribution Protocol) the obtained shares to the children by using the Safe
Haven application specifically developed for this use. The software used for this will not
keep any data in memory or in centralized databases. Only the validator’s share (see section
4.6 Validator’s Share Process) will be sent to the blockchain. The security algorithm to
encrypt and decrypt the share, before getting deployed through a smart contract, will not be
revealed for obvious security reasons. Safe Haven will only have mapping in place to identify
the validator’s ID and the Smart contract; the mapping will be deployed on a decentralized
blockchain database. This will also be the case for the backup validators (see Multiple
Validators Possibility & TFC Fail-Safe Share(s)).

9

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

Step 3:
The shares distributed to the children are managed by the notary in the form of a legal
certificate. The share (which is being protected), coming from the parent/initiator, will be
encrypted by the Safe Haven Application (only accessible by members of the Trust Alliance)
and sent to the blockchain in the form of a Smart Contract.
The child’s shares can be shared through the creation of a certificate and/or through the
integration of a hardware ledger in our protocol. We are currently working out the details in
order to achieve this, based on our own hardware ledgers. Details are not made public yet
as we are still in the ICO phase of our project.

10

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

Step 4:
In the case of a sudden death or in case the contributor is not able to handle his/her assets
on his/her own, the children or stakeholders can obtain the missing share by introducing
the necessary legal documents to the notary. Stakeholders will then, once verified by Safe
Haven, be able to retrieve the missing share from the blockchain.
Our Protocol handles fail-safe share and the possibility to have a backup validator.
For further details check out our TFC Fail-Safe Share(s) & Multiple Validators Possibility
in section 4.5.

11

SAFEHAVEN.IO

3. BASIC PRINCIPLES
3.1 BLOCKCHAIN
The blockchain is a software innovation for establishing digital trust
between users who facilitate transactions of value over a network.
The blockchain enables trust to be distributed throughout a network,
without the need for a central intermediary to track, verify, and
approve the digital exchange of value. The notion of authorizing trust
from a central intermediary currently underpins both private and
government institutional structures; however, this is proving to be
costly, slow, and also vulnerable to attack. The blockchain overcomes
these issues by operating as a decentralized distributed database,
maintaining a continuously growing list of records called blocks.

12

WHITEPAPER

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

3.2 SMART
CONTRACT
On-chain computer code or "Smart Contracts" are computer
protocols that facilitate, verify, and enforce the performance of a
contract, making a contractual clause unnecessary. Smart contracts
often emulate the logic of contractual clauses. Smart contracts
can exchange money, property, shares, or anything of value in
a transparent, conflict-free way, while avoiding the services of
a middleman. Ordinarily, a process would require payment to a
middleman, government agency, bank, lawyer or a notary, and then
a processing time before the receipt of goods or services. However,
smart contract technology automates this process. Smart contract
technology can be compared to an automated vending machine:
money is deposited into the machine and the desired item drops for
collection, as long as the correct amount is deposited. In comparison,
with a smart contract, the money is deposited into escrow on
the blockchain for a receipt of a transfer of a token (e.g. a digital
certificate of title for a house), which is instantaneously transferred
into a counterparty’s control once the conditions are met. Smart
contracts not only define the terms and conditions around an
agreement in the same way that a traditional contract does, but it
also provides enforcement of those obligations.

13

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

4. TECHNIQUES &
CONCEPTUAL
MATHEMATICS
4.1. POLYNOMIAL
INTERPOLATION
Polynomials can be used to approximate complicated curves, for
example, the shapes of letters in typography. A relevant application is the
evaluation of the natural logarithm and trigonometric functions: pick a
few known data points, create a lookup table, and interpolate between
said data points. This results in significantly faster computations.
Definition:
Given a set of n + 1 data points (xi, yi) where no two xi are the same, one is looking for a polynomial
p of degree at most n with the property.

The "unisolvence" theorem states that such a polynomial
Vandermonde matrix, as described below.

14

p exists and is unique, and can be proved by the

SAFEHAVEN.IO

The theorem states that for n
bisection.

WHITEPAPER

+ 1 interpolation nodes (xi), polynomial interpolation defines a linear

Where Πn is the vector space of polynomials (defined on any interval containing the nodes) of degree at
most n.

Polynomial interpolation also forms the basis for algorithms in numerical quadrature, numerical ordinary
differential equations, and Secure Multi-Party Computation, and Secret Sharing schemes. Secret Sharing
schemes are what we use to achieve our goal.

15

SAFEHAVEN.IO

4.2 KEY ESCROW
We are not immortal, and it would be a shame if
our assets disappeared with us.
The sudden loss of a shareholder could be a problem in order to
retrieve the complete passphrase In this document we will continue
to use the example of a family circle or friends in order to highlight
the different case scenarios.
One answer to this problem is what is called the key escrow, which
allows a third party "under certain conditions" to access these shares.
But what third party? Under what conditions? And how do we give it
our moral but also technical confidence? The escrow authority must
be able to securely guarantee the confidentiality of the escrow keys.
First, we would encrypt the data, this can be a private key or a seed
with a secure encryption algorithm (like SHA256-512) and by using
a passphrase. This passphrase could then be divided into shares and
distributed by our TFC SD Protocol.

16

WHITEPAPER

SAFEHAVEN.IO

4.3 SECRET
SHARING

WHITEPAPER

•

In cryptography, a secret sharing
scheme is a method for distributing
a secret amongst a group of
participants, each of which is
allocated a share of the secret. The
secret can only be reconstructed
when the shares are combined.
Individual shares are of no use on
their own.
More formally, in a secret sharing scheme there
is one dealer and more players. The dealer gives
a secret to the players, but only when specific
conditions are fulfilled. The dealer accomplishes
this by giving each player a share in such a way that
any group of t (for threshold) or more players can
together reconstruct the secret, but no group of
less than t players can. Such a system is called a (t,
n)-threshold scheme.
In a (t, n) scheme one can prove that it makes no
difference whether an attacker has t-1 valid shares
at his disposal or none at all; so long as he has
less than t shares, there is no better option than
guessing to find out the secret.

Good passwords are hard to memorize. A clever
user could use a secret sharing scheme to
generate a set of shares for a given password
and store one share in his address book, one in
his bank deposit safe, leave one share with a
friend, etc. If one day he forgets his password,
he can reconstruct it easily. Of course, writing
passwords directly into the address book would
pose a security risk, as it could be stolen. If a
secret sharing scheme is used instead, the thief
must steal many shares from different places.
A typical application of this scenario is the
secure implementation of an encrypted
backup system. Assuming data recoveries are
rarely needed, backup data can be public-key
encrypted; this can be done automatically and
without user interaction -- while the private
recovery key is protected via secret sharing.

•

A dealer could send t shares, all of which are
necessary to recover the original secret, to a
single recipient, using t different channels. An
attacker would have to intercept all t shares to
recover the secret, a task which may be more
difficult than intercepting a single message.

•

The director of a bank could generate shares
for the bank’s vault code and hand them
out to his employees. Even if the director
is unavailable, the vault can be opened, but
requires a certain number of employees do it
together.

Some cases of secret sharing: (See SHA Protection
Plans )

17

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

4.4 TWOMAN RULE
The two-man rule is used in
sensitive areas such as command
to send nuclear missiles to prevent
accidental or malicious skidding.
In cryptography, Americans use
the phrase “two-person integrity”
(TPI) when it comes to preventing
a single person from having access
to cryptographic keys for secure
communications (COMSEC).
This concept helps to resolve these issues of
trust and security with the escrow authority. By
requiring that two individuals collaborate to reveal
the data in escrow, holders protect themselves
from an isolated, malicious act.

18

For example: a holder would divide the passphrase
of the escrow key and distribute the pieces to a
group of trusted people called, The Family Circle
(TFC). To break up the passphrase, simply distribute
N pieces between N members of TFC, forcing them
to meet together to use the private key escrow.
Two points are enough to define a line, three to
define a parabola, four for a cubic, and so on.
If now we want to share a secret, say the value
1234, between six individuals and three of them
are needed to find the secret, we will randomly
choose a parabola among those passing through
the point (0, 1234) and we will give the coordinates
of six of his/her points to these six individuals
(see Figure 9).

SAFEHAVEN.IO

If only two of them, numbers 2 and 4, came to
share their coordinates, they could not find the
original parabola and therefore the value of the
secret point in x = 0 (see Figure 10).

WHITEPAPER

Therefore, it is necessary that a third individual
agrees to share his / her coordinates in order to
define one, and only one, parable and to reveal the
secret value 1234 (see Figure 11).

19

SAFEHAVEN.IO

4.5 TFC SHARES
DISTRIBUTION
PROTOCOL
The Family Circle is a conglomerate of
members belonging to a group; this group can
include family members, a company’s group
of stakeholders of trust, or simply a circle of
friends. The TFC SDP is a protocol developed by
Safe Haven in order to establish a circle of trust
in our ecosystem.
If we consider our techniques described above, we have a dealer
(the person that wants to protect his legacy) and n players (his
children and the validator [notaries]). The dealer gives a secret to the
players, but only when specific conditions are fulfilled. The dealer
accomplishes this by giving each player a share in such a way that any
group of t (for threshold) or more players can together reconstruct
the secret but no group of less than t players can.
Such a system is called a (t, n)-threshold scheme.

20

WHITEPAPER

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

TFC SD Protocol base rules:
•

The secret is split in shares (can be maximum 1024 bit).

•

If you want to protect a secret larger than 1024 bits, a hybrid
technique must be applied. The secret must be encrypted with a
block cipher and then we apply only the secret sharing to the key
(openssl and gpg are valid tools).

•

The secret security level can imply an upper bound for the length,
as short secrets/seeds/keys will be padded with some salt bits.

•

We can use hexadecimal digits in place of ASCII characters for
I/O, so binary data can be protected/split into shares as well.

•

While splitting or combining the shared secret, the protocol locks
its virtual address space into RAM or privacy reasons.

•

The number of distributed share entities is, technically speaking,
limited to 99, we limit this even further to 15, while each entity
can have more than 15 but less than 99.

•

The validator y has always -1 share less than the n (players/
children).

•

We need at the least 1 player n and 1 validator y to establish a
complete network of trust in safe havens ecosystem.

•

Multiple validators can be added.

21

SAFEHAVEN.IO

4.5.1 TFCSD CASE
1: 1 CHILD AND
1 VALIDATOR
Based on our secret sharing scheme formula:
T = (y.n − 1) + (X.n)
T = threshold of the minimum shares needed to reconstruct the
Secret.

y = the validator of the process, in our case it’s a registered
member of the Safe haven’s Alliance Program

X = the share holders
T = (y.n − 1) + (X.n)
T = (y.1 − 1) + (X.1)
T = (2.1 − 1) + (2.1)
T = (2 − 1) + (2)
T =1+2
T = 3 key
(Min. of shares that are needed to obtain the complete shared)
Max of shares will be 3: 2 for the child and 2(-1) for the validator.

22

WHITEPAPER

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

So we take for instance the secret: “My shared passphrase” we obtain
the following 3 split shares.
1-4894b94c42b425aea3dc379edb9fbf47acac1eff

2-ec6f4decf4f21704a1db1263971f4b05d5966e5f

3-5fb79bc83b2cf7e7a04fd38e6dff8e06e538afec

As we have a share representation of 100% there is only one feasible
scenario for success.

1 child = (1 x 2) and (2 – 1) validator = 3 = T

23

SAFEHAVEN.IO

4.5.2 TFCSD
CASE 2: 3
CHILDREN AND 1
VALIDATOR
Based on our secret sharing scheme formula:
T = (y.n − 1) + (X.n)
T = threshold of the minimum shares
needed to reconstruct the secret.

y = the validator of the process, in our case it’s
a registered member of the Safe Haven’s Alliance Program

X = the share holders
T = (y.n − 1) + (X.n)
T = (y.1 − 1) + (X.3)
T = (2.1 − 1) + (2.3)
T = (2 − 1) + (6)
T =1+6
T =7
(Min. of shares that are needed in order to obtain the shared key).
Max of shares will be 8: 6 for the children and 2(-1) for the validator

24

WHITEPAPER

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

Suppose we take the secret: “My shared passphrase” and we obtain
the following 8 split shares.
1-4894b94c42b425aea3dc379edb9fbf47acac1eff

2-ec6f4decf4f21704a1db1263971f4b05d5966e5f

3-5fb79bc83b2cf7e7a04fd38e6dff8e06e538afec

4-71475064933c8d89f205f1ba5130482f4ad074ed

5-fe82d14bc9a2c2af21b9cb2b27f7baa4e819fc72

6-bf6c7907cde9d5aa66a366ef133b5c9260dde965

7-4f4e94991acbcead67cc871f04a4bfd1b8e98598

8-03d8b8a9d0e1d3b112c0ed60de3a9295639a7759
We will need 7 out of 8 to reconstruct the secret.
So if we take the shares of

3 children = 3 x 2 = 6 < 7 (Valid)
• children + 1 validator = 2 x 2 + 2-1 = 5 < T
(Not Valid)
• children + 1 validator = 3 x2 + 2-1 = 7 = T
(Valid)

25

SAFEHAVEN.IO

4.5.3TFCSD CASE 4:

3 CHILDREN AND
2 VALIDATORS
Based on our secret sharing scheme formula:
T = (y.n − 1) + (X.n)
T = threshold of the minimum shares needed to reconstruct
the secret.

y = the validator of the process, in our case it’s a registered
member of the Safe Haven’s Alliance Program

-1 = Fail-safe share
X = the shareholders
T = (y.n − 1) + (X.n)
T = ((y.2) − 1) + (X.3)
T = ((2.2) − 1) + (3.3)
T = (4 − 1) + (9)
T = 12
T = 12
(Min. of shares that are needed in order to obtain the complete
shared key)
Max of shares will be 13: 9 for the children and 4(-1) for the validator
Suppose we take the secret: “My shared passphrase” we obtain the
following 13 split shares.
And we will need 12 out of 13 to reconstruct the secret. So, if we
take the shares of

26

WHITEPAPER

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

01-b8d792946afa60b35d53609c03ae96320b78a0f6

02-92769c90836c393d06675d4e25201c3cc2ac0a85

03-9968d3d6e953590dc15363fc92acea7464eb2053

04-92a5e10da6dae5a4353ec755a5febaa76023c0fb

05-c0afccce07c511436f83db4c3a7aeaf5f69aa44f 06-

06-a47453a4cd7b887f82df30ccdf864cc91467e738

07-3a95ee802152c02045cb1dc9aa2843291497a19c

08-82e043652371d0e9972520dade32660c6bc6d504

09-d0db492e80b8ebf2a5498867ebf91413864aa73f

10-a334c5ae2f2d00e6cb04dc97be9c1cf08c0e47e9

11-058f661fbe6bb9f94401c4b143888dbb9d58ed92

12-56f805b3d9a83ed57dcfed5014eb92a3c7ad287f

13-6803214791f5621cdb01a6291cc189e7a1b173b1

3 children = 3 x 3 = 9 < 12 (Not Valid)
3 children + 1 validator = 3 x 3 + 2 - 1 = 10 < T (Not Valid)
3 children + 2 validators= 3 x 3 + 4 - 1 = 12 = T (Valid)

27

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

4.5.5 TFC FAILSAFE SHARE(S)
TFC SD Fail-safe Protocol:

•
•
•
•

•

28

The remaining shares will be used as a fail-safe share.
This can be useful in the case that of one of the n (players/
children) lost his share, becomes unable to act, or dies.
Our protocol provides a separate “backup” smart contract on the
blockchain with different conditions written in.
The fail-safe shares can’t be given under any circumstances,
to one of the n (players/children) as this would jeopardize the
complete operation setup by the dealer (parent), as in use case 2
(3 children + 1 validator) the children can’t construct the secret
share without the validators share (through blockchain Smart
Contract query) but when you give the backup shares, they will
be able to do so.
The only case where we don’t have a fail-safe share is when we
need a consensus of 100% of the stakeholder, for instance the
use case 1 (1 child + 1 validator)

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

29

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

4.6 THE
VALIDATOR’S
SHARE PROCESS
•

The validator’s share process consists of a pool of legal entity validators,
which are members of our Trust Alliance Network.

•

The validator does not store, own, or see the shares meant to be sent to
the blockchain; their role is transparent.

•

They distribute the shares to the n (players/children/stakeholders) in
a formal way by delivering a legal certificate to n and validating the
transaction towards the blockchain.

•

The validator's share is the share of the person that initiated the process
to begin with; he/she safeguards it in the blockchain via a validator in
order to keep full rights of the complete secret share. His assets are his
as long as he lives.

•

The validator(s) is/are the only one(s) that can retrieve the share
previously sent to the blockchain... If the following conditions are met:

•

30

•

The total number of shares of the n (players/children/
stakeholders) have to be present, if not and if needed, the failsafe share can be retrieved by the validator as well if the backup
smart contract conditions are fulfilled.

•

In the case that the initiator (parent/dealer) dies, the validator
must validate the rightful medical forms in order to initiate the
retrieve process of the share stocked in the blockchain.

The initiator/ parent's share is also transferable to another legitimate
person when needed.

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

31

SAFEHAVEN.IO

4.7 MULTIPLE
VALIDATORS
POSSIBILITY
TFC SD Multiple Validators
Possibility:

32

•

No one is immortal, that’s why we provide the opportunity to
establish a network of trust containing more than 1 validator.

•

When you chose several validators to be involved, we push a
backup smart contract in the blockchain that holds the necessary
shares, n (players/children) -1, that can be used by a second
validator.

•

This offers a system of security, which is completely derived
rom share distribution and validation.

WHITEPAPER

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

5. SH- TRUST
ALLIANCE
NETWORK
The TAN is an autonomous social networking
hub for blockchain-related legal affairs. The
goal is to connect lawyers and notaries that
specialize in cryptocurrencies to crypto
investors and enthusiasts. The TAN will become
a hub for legal related blockchain information,
articles, laws, etc. The TAN will be world’s
first legal reference for distributed ledger/
blockchain applications, users, and
Legal entities will be able to offer their services and highlight their
fields of specialization to potential clients. A profile page will be
available for each legal entity containing their contact information,
remunerations details, and a short description of themselves and
their services. Also, users will be able to chat between themselves
and legal entities via our platform.

33

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

5.1 ARTICLES
Blockchain law-related articles will be published on the
platform, so the average contributor can stay informed. Legal
entities and users will be able to share their thoughts as well
by commenting on the articles.

5.2 LEGAL
DOCUMENTS
The TAN will be updated with legal, blockchain-related
articles. The subject of these articles can range anywhere
from taxes to simple regulations. Legal entities will be able
to publish them and comment/upvote them. Users will also
be able to comment on articles and up-vote them.

5.3 LEGAL
ENTITY
PROFILES
The TAN will contain a profile page from each subscribed
legal entity. This page will contain contact details such as
the address of the Legal Entity, Remuneration details,
Cost by hour, day, etc

34

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

5.4 TAN USAGE

35

SAFEHAVEN.IO

5.4.1 LEGAL
ENTITY
PERSPECTIVE
In the TAN, Legal entities will be able to
subscribe in order to sell their services to their
customers. Every legal entity will have a page
describing their expertise and services (prices/
hours/location).
Those subscriptions will be for free, as we want to motivate them
to come to our site, and it will also help the TAN’s growth over time.
The goal is that those legal entities add, in their own language and
for their own country, district, or state, all documentation related to
crypto law, ranging from tax affairs to inheritance. The goal is that
the TAN will become a sort of "wiki" for blockchain law, but only with
credible documents and articles.
Once a service like Safe Haven becomes available on the TAN, legal
entities will be able to add those services to their portfolio. The legal
entity must pay an annual fee, and lock SHA tokens in order to offer
Safe Haven's services to potential customers. More details will be
released in the following months.

36

WHITEPAPER

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

•

Legal Entities can login/subscribe to the TAN free of charge

•

Legal Entities can Invite other users to the TAN

•

Legal Entities can comment on articles on the TAN

•

Legal Entities can publish articles and legal documents
(references and clarifications about crypto law)

•

Legal Entities can moderate legal documents.

•

Legal Entities need to pay an annual fee to offer Safe Haven’s
services to his/her clients.

•

Legal Entities need to lock a minimum amount of SHA tokens
to be able to use the Safe Haven platform

37

SAFEHAVEN.IO

5.4.2 USER
PERSPECTIVE
Users will be able to view legal entities' profiles and use their services
to safeguard their legacy through one of Safe Haven’s protection
plans. Users will also be able to consult the TAN for free.

Users can sign up/subscribe on the TAN free of charge Users can
Invite other users to the TAN
Users can comment on articles on the TAN
Users can consult legal entities via Safe Haven’s platform

38

WHITEPAPER

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

5.5 TAN SERVICES
INTEGRATION
Safe Haven is service committed to making digital assets inheritable;
they offer digital inheritance services that are completely decentralized
on the blockchain with the TAN involvement. This means Safe Haven will
integrate the TAN into its platform.

Other services not related to inheritance will be added over time. A likely
example would be Identity Services and lending circles, or any other
blockchain project that needs our TAN or some dispute handling.

39

SAFEHAVEN.IO

5.6 TAN
REWARDING
SYSTEM

We included a rewards system (TAN Tokens) to provide for and
secure the growth of the TAN over time. We grant stakes for actions
performed by a legal entity and/or user on our platform. The TAN
token is a minable Proof of Work token.
More details about this will become available in the next
upcoming weeks/months.
https://github.com/Safehaven-io/TAN-chain

40

WHITEPAPER

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

6. SHA
PROTECTION PLANS
We created 4 different protection plans
to serve the needs of various stakeholders.

The Family Circle
Plan (TFC)
The Family Circle plan is for those who wanton the day they pass away, their children to be
able to access their assets. The possibilities are
almost endless; shares can be divided in flexible
way, while safekeeping the secret in a secure
and a transparent manner. The fact that we add
validators in our process keeps the process suitable
for the most important matters, like our families.
We add the wonderful world of "block-chaining" in
our process, which keeps the share decentralized.
The decentralized database validator (smart
contract mapping) adds an extra security feature
combined with a state-of-the-art, simple, secret
sharing protocol.

The Business
Continuity plan
(BCP)
The Business Continuity plan is quite similar to
the TFC. The main difference is that we speak
about stakeholders instead of children and that
the validation process is different in terms of
share unlocking. In a BCP the notary does not
need medical rustication documents to obtain
the missing share through our services, but rather
notarial acts prepared by himself. The initiator can
also choose whether to include our TAN (Trust
Alliance Network) or have an entirely automated
process.

The advantage of this solution is that we do not
store 100% of the shares on the blockchain, only
a small part, depending on the different options
chosen by the initiator. In order to fully understand
the different shares processes and our TFC SD
protocol, we kindly invite you to read our White
Paper Section 5.
The release and/or execution of the shares
protected by smart contracts rely on a third-party
involvement, more specifically known as our Trust
Alliance Network.

41

SAFEHAVEN.IO

The Investment
Circle
The Investment Circle is for those willing to
create a fund amongst friends, family members, or
business stakeholders. For example: Five friends
want to invest in crypto-currencies, and each buy
in for $1000. What are their options? Creating a
multi-sig wallet is not an option with all the flaws
discovered lately. Even when it is completely
secure, one will always need trust within the
group... So how can this be fixed? Simple: through
Safe Haven's Share Distribution protocol. A holder
encrypts the private key and Safe Haven splits
the passphrase into shares. The stakeholders
will receive equally the same number of shares.
If we consider this formula (without a failsafe
mechanism), we have

T = (y.n − 1) + (X.n) , T = (2 -1)
+ (2.5) = 1 + 10 = 11
shares to distribute where 1 will be protected
on the blockchain via the validator's (legal entity)
share. The conditions to liberate/release this
share can be anything from price thresholds,
to milestones, to simply having a 100 % consensus
to do so. Again, the possibilities are endless.
The group may choose whether or not they
include our TAN as well.

42

WHITEPAPER

Safe Haven Vault
Strong passwords are hard to memorize and cannot
be transferred, not in a legal manner anyway,
from a holder to his or her relatives. If you want
to be sure that your digital legacy does not die
with you, and that relatives can access those
accounts even when after death, store them
through Safe Haven on the blockchain using one of
our Share distribution protocols. With Safe Haven’s
Vault, you have the possibility to protect any digital
asset (crypto keys/seeds/passwords)
on our blockchain. The release of the shares
happens by the initiator him/herself, or he/she can
even add a watchdog mechanism that transfers
the shares to another user of our platform in an
autonomous way. One example of the conditions
that can be set is "keep-alive" functions. Smart
contracts are triggered once the contracts are
overdue and monitoring stops.

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

SafeHaven protection plans
with third party involvement:
Description

TFC

BCP

Investment
Circle

SH Vault

100%
Decentralized

NO

NO

NO

YES

Full Process
Automation

NO

NO

NO

YES

Third Party
Involvement
(TAN)

YES

YES

YES

NO

Upgradeable
Smart Contracts

YES

YES

NO

YES

Proof of Stake
Options

YES

YES

NO

YES

SafeHaven protection plans
without third party involvement:
BCP

Investment
Circle

100%
Decentralized

YES

YES

Full Process
Automation

YES

YES

NO

NO

Upgradeable
Smart Contracts

YES

NO

Proof of Stake
Options

NO

NO

Description

Third Party
Involvement
(TAN)

TFC

N.A.

SH Vault

N.A.

43

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

7. TOKEN UTILIZATION
In order to use Safe Haven’s
Services and platform, the initiator
will need to deposit SHA tokens in a
time-locked smart contract (I-TLSC).
The SHA tokens will be released
over-time relative to the conditions
written in the smart contracts after
validation within our Trust Alliance
Network (TAN). Those locked
tokens will become inheritable as
soon as the release procedure is
initiated. A legal entity will need to
lock more tokens than a standard
user in order to use the TAN to
foresee his customers with services.
These tokens will be locked into
Legal Entity – Time-Locked Smart
Contracts.

The number of tokens that will need to be locked
depend on the terms & conditions of the smart
contract.

•

Without the SHA DA’s, our ecosystem will not
function.

•

In order for legal entities to subscribe to our
TAN, they must lock up a certain amount of
SHA DA for 365 days.

•

Locked SHA will become inheritable as soon
as the conditions of the associated smart
contracts are fulfilled, and by doing this SHA
will become the world’s first inheritable Digital
Asset.

•

Tokens locked for our Investment Circle will
be distributed amongst all stakeholders from
the moment that all associated smart contracts
conditions are fulfilled.

44

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

45

SAFEHAVEN.IO

8. FUNDS
ALLOCATION
Total Token Offering

39,5% of the tokens are available for offering or 3,361,180,681.263
SHA. 5% of the total token supply will be sold in the initial Token
Generation Event for $1,50M USD. 5% of the total token supply
will be sold in a special Auction raise in December for a total of
425,000,000 SHA or $2,993,004.782.

Community and Media

10% of the token supply will be used to reward our most dedicated
community members for various contributions to the project.

Advisors and Partners

10% of the token supply is to be used as incentives alignment
mechanism for strategic partners, influencers and advisors.

Enterprise and Title Partners

20% of the token supply will be used for enterprise and title partners
that we sign onto to the Safe Haven Platform. These partnerships will
help to accelerate the platform forward.

Team and Founders

10% of the token supply is reserved for the core contributors.
These tokens will be distributed based on a merit system and at the
discretion of the foundation.

Reserve for Development
10.5% of the token supply will be reserved for future
development of the Safe Haven platform.

46

WHITEPAPER

SAFEHAVEN.IO

WHITEPAPER

Ticker:

SHA
Total supply:

8,500,000,000
VeChainThor based token
ICO Start Date:

TBA

Exchange rate Private Sale

1300SHA/VET
Exchange rate Private Sale 2:

1136 SHA/VET
Exchange Rate Authority & Mjilnor Node:

1136SHA/VET
Exhange Rate Thunder X, Strength X & X Node:

1000SHA/VET

Exchange Rate Community & Public:

909SHA/VET
Minimum Cap:

3,000,000USD
Maximum Cap:

11,160,203.65USD

47

SAFEHAVEN.IO

9. ROADMAP

48

WHITEPAPER

