An ICO like
no other ICO
Saifu is taking cryptocurrencies to the masses.
Invest now and help make a difference

01

+420228885813
hello@saifu.ai

saifu.ai
ico.saifu.ai

02

DISCLAIMER
PLEASE READ THIS DISCLAIMER SECTION
CAREFULLY. IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT
AS TO WHAT YOU SHOULD DO, CONSULT
YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX, OR OTHER
PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S). The information
below may not be exhaustive and does not
imply a contractual relationship. While we have
made every effort to ensure that all information
in this whitepaper is accurate and up to date,
the material in no way constitutes professional
advice. Saifu does not guarantee, and accepts
no legal liability whatsoever arising from
or connected to, the accuracy, reliability,
currency, or completeness of the information
in this whitepaper. Investors and potential
Saifu Token holders should seek appropriate
independent professional advice prior to
relying on, or entering into any commitment
or transaction based on information published
in this whitepaper, which is purely published
for reference purposes. Saifu Tokens are
not intended to constitute securities in
any jurisdiction. This whitepaper does not
constitute a prospectus or offer document
of any sort and is not intended to constitute
an offer of securities or a solicitation for
investment in securities in any jurisdiction. Saifu
does not provide any opinion on advice to

IMPORTANT
purchase, sell, or otherwise transact with Saifu
Tokens and this white paper shall not form
the basis of, or be relied upon in connection
with any contract or investment decision. No
person is bound to enter into any contract
or binding legal commitment in relation to
the sale and purchase of Saifu Tokens, and no
cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to
be accepted on the basis of this whitepaper.
The primary purpose of purchasing Saifu
Tokens is for the use of Saifu services.
While Saifu has a system in place that may
result in the growth in value of Saifu Tokens
and a secondary market for Saifu Tokens
may be available, Saifu does not take legal
responsibility for any loss in value of Saifu
Tokens. Please understand that the Saifu Token
is not a security, but meant for use within the
Saifu ecosystem to pay for all Saifu services.
Saifu Tokens may have no value and there is
no guarantee or representation of liquidity
for Saifu Tokens. Saifu and its representatives
are not and shall not be responsible for or
liable for the market value of Saifu Tokens, the
transferability and/or liquidity of Saifu Tokens
and/or the availability of any market for Saifu
Tokens through third parties or otherwise.

Citizens and residents (tax or otherwise) of
Singapore, or other Singapore Persons are not
eligible to purchase Saifu Tokens. “Singapore
Person” is defined as a natural person, residing
in Singapore or any entity organized or
incorporated under the laws of Singapore.
Citizens and residents (tax or otherwise) of the
People’s Republic of China («PRC»), or other
PRC Persons are not eligible to purchase Saifu
Tokens. «PRC Person» is defined as a natural
person, residing in the People’s Republic of
China, or any entity organized or incorporated
under the laws of the PRC.
Saifu Tokens are not a security and do not
provide any equity ownership, dividends
or otherwise control over Saifu, which is
applicable information for citizens, Green Card
holders and residents of the United States of
America. However, if you are unsure of the
regulatory requirements, which frequently
change, consult your legal or financial advisor.

03

Why the world
needs Saifu

It doesn’t have to
be this way

The growth of cryptocurrencies is changing

At Saifu, we started with a couple of

the way that some people store and exchange

questions: “Why should cryptocurrencies

value. But right now, cryptocurrencies are only

be the exclusive domain of the technically

accessible by a relatively small community.

skilled?” and “Why can’t we make

For most people cryptocurrencies can
be difficult to buy, hard to keep safe and it’s
difficult to use cryptocurrencies for many dayto-day financial transactions, such as shopping.
Businesses are also considering how they can
benefit from using cryptocurrencies – but many
feel locked out of these new currencies.
Poor integration between cryptocurrencies
and traditional financial systems means that
buying and using cryptocurrencies is often
regarded as only being viable for ‘geeks’
and technology enthusiasts.

cryptocurrencies easier to access safer to
use and available to a much, much wider
community?”
And now we’ve got a cryptocurrency
business that’s already up and running –
and, in this ICO, you can invest in Saifu’s
planned growth.
As an established business, Saifu is already
providing a range of cryptocurrency services
to individuals / consumers. However, we’re
also planning on introducing services for
businesses and services for banks and also
extending the range of services that we offer
to consumers.

04

We make it easier – and safer – for consumers,
businesses and banks to buy and use
cryptocurrencies.
Saifu gives customers the simplicity of
one account for all their currencies and
cryptocurrencies. Our service is secure,
regulated and easy to use – and that means
almost anybody can run a Saifu account:

Secure:

Key points about
the Saifu ICO

WHY SAIFU

What we do?

Because we’re taking cryptocurrencies to
a much wider customer base, we believe
that the potential for growth is massive.
Unlike ICOs that ask investors to trust in an
unproven concept that has not yet ‘gone
to market’, Saifu has moved far beyond the
concept stage. Saifu is already operating
and already has customers (in limited Beta
testing).

Our multi-layered, bank-grade security helps
to keep our customers’ money safe.

Regulated:
Unlike most cryptocurrency exchanges Saifu
has a license and is monitored by external
regulators.

Easy:
Saifu is fast and easy to use so our customers
don’t need any special skills.

05

Secure
Our customers can leave the
security worries to us

06

own business security. They seem to think that the customer’s

Tried and tested

security is ‘the customer’s problem’.

The core of our IT system is based on an

We don’t think that’s good enough.

e-money & payment platform that’s been

We believe it’s unfair to expect customers to be security

years. The platform complies with:

experts. Instead, we don’t just take care of our own business
security… we also use some of the banking industry’s most tried
& tested technologies – to help keep customers’ money safe.

Saifu is the first service that brings
world-class, banking-grade security
to the cryptocurrency world.
We use a combination of hardware and software technologies
to deliver multi-layered security that does more to protect
each customer’s Saifu account. So our customers can enjoy
the freedom and flexibility that cryptocurrencies offer –
while we take care of day-to-day security issues.

SECURE

Many cryptocurrency exchanges only appear to focus on their

tried and tested in the market for over 15

EU E-Money Directive – 2009/110/EC
EU Payment Services Directive – 2007/64/EC
IFRS standards
In addition to using some of the industry’s
most effective and secure technologies,
we’ve also developed our own solution for
securely managing cryptocurrencies.
Using established technologies from
Thales – a world leader in banking security
technologies – we do more to protect access
to each customer’s Saifu account.
Each account has an access key that is stored
within our Thales Hardware Security Module.
Each key is created in the Thales Hardware
Security Module… and spends its entire life

07

in the module. Because none of the keys can
leave the Security Module, hackers can’t steal
them. Even in the unlikely event of our systems
being hacked, customer keys can’t be stolen.
Our system also uses a series of ‘cold
vaults’ and ‘hot vaults’ to help protect
each customer’s money. Transactions can
only proceed – and account keys can only
be accessed – when a trusted member of
the Saifu team inserts a smartcard into the
Security Module. For day-to-day operations,
this process is transparent for our customers –
even though they’re benefitting from an extra
level of security, ‘behind the scenes’.

Multi-layered security
Our multi-layered security measures include:
Multi-Factor Authentication – to help
block unauthorised access to an account
Data Encryption – to help protect
sensitive information
Web Application Firewall
Hypervisor and Internal Firewalls
Anti-Malware
Anti-DDoS (Distributed Denial of Service)
Intrusion Detection & Prevention System
Security Patch Management
Operating System File Integrity Monitoring

08

Secure Awareness Training Programs –
for Saifu employees

SECURE

OS Hardening

Unified Security Management – using
an advanced Security Information &
Event Management (SIEM) system
Secure Architecture, including:
Source Code Audits
Penetration Tests
Access Rights Management
Incident Response Plan

09

Regulated
Delivering a service our customers
can truly trust

10

REGULAED

Our reputation
is everything
That’s why we choose to be regulated. Unlike

downtime – to help ensure customers can access

many cryptocurrency operators, Saifu is a fully

our services whenever they want to.

regulated financial institution – and that means we
do more to help protect customers’ money and
deliver a service that customers can depend on.
Because we hold licences from the Czech National
Bank (CNB), we have to comply with some very
rigorous rules and procedures.
Even our organisational structure has been
reviewed and approved by a regulator.
Our Security measures are reviewed by
an independent regulator.

In the interests of fund protection,
we operate two types of bank account:

Customer Account – is used to store our
customers’ funds.
Operational Account – is used for our
operational funds & payments.
We monitor all blockchain transactions –
against 69 risk indicators.

We have an in-depth risk management strategy.
We adhere to strict Anti-Money Laundering (AML)
and Know Your Customer (KYC) procedures.
Our business – and its day-to-day operations –
are regularly audited by one of the world’s
largest accountancy firms.
Our IT systems are designed to help minimise

11

Easy
We cut out the cryptocurrency
complexity
Whereas many cryptocurrency exchanges
can be difficult to use Saifu’s online banking
interface and mobile app have been
developed to make customers’ lives easier.

12

EASY

«Geek-free»
cryptocurrencies
Whether they’re at home, in the office or out and about,
customers benefit from a convenient way to manage their
cryptocurrencies and traditional currencies.
Because each function has been designed to be intuitive
to use… customers don’t need any special technical skills
or banking skills. If a customer already knows how to use
an online banking service or mobile banking app… they’ll
find that using Saifu is a piece of cake.

As the saying goes: ‘Time is Money’ that’s
why we’ve worked so hard to make Saifu
so simple to use.

13

There are lots of ICOs – so how
do you choose the one that’s worthy
of your investment?
Saifu’s business model is not just a great idea – it’s a fully functioning business
that’s already up and running (in limited Beta testing) . But why is this important
to you? The answer’s simple… it helps to reduce risk.

Moving from
concept to reality
We believe that too many fledgling

potential investors: because the business

businesses are using ICOs to raise the funds

hasn’t yet started trading, there could be

they need to implement the initial stages

a very long wait before investors start to

of their business plans:

see a return on their investment and the risk

Buy the first elements of their infrastructure –

of failure could be very high.

including their first IT systems.

This second point is a key factor for investors.

Purchase leases on their first premises.

In today’s highly competitive world, a

Recruit the initial personnel team.

great idea may not be enough to ensure

This can present two major problems for

14

a successful – and profitable – business.
Because there are so many diverse tasks

involved in moving from an initial concept to a fully
functioning business, for example:
Recruiting personnel
Acquiring IT systems
Commissioning IT systems and implementing IT security

Here’s where the
Saifu ICO is different
The Saifu Executive Team has already invested its own

Prototyping the business’s new product or service

money and time in driving the business forwards:

Refining the new product’s or service’s performance

Establishing the business

Rolling out back office business processes
There are a lot of things that can go wrong. At any stage
in the move from ‘concept to reality’, failure could totally

Acquiring and commissioning the core IT systems
Acquiring Payment Institution license
Implementing bank-grade security measures

scupper the business’s chances of success.

Winning initial customers and operating the business.

In addition, the new business may have severely

Because Saifu is already an established business

underestimated how much money it needs to raise –
to establish day-to-day operations – and that could

(in limited Beta testing) – that’s already serving
customers – Saifu has already moved

see the business having to raise more money from

far beyond the concept stage.

investors. In some cases, the business could fail

That sets us apart from many other ICOs – and it helps

as a result of having insufficient working capital.

to reduce risk for our investors.
There’s no risk that we won’t convert the Saifu business
concept into reality… because it’s already done. The
reality is Saifu is a functioning business… so we’re just
looking for ICO investment to help us develop the
business even further.

15

If Saifu is already
operating as a business,
why have an ICO?
The funds we raise during the ICO are an essential
element in helping us to grow our business at a faster
rate, so we can accelerate our plans to:
Expand into new territories
Introduce additional services and products
Serve a wider range of customers, including:
Consumers
Businesses
…and even banks that want an easy way to add
cryptocurrency services to the products they offer
their own customers.

An ICO that’s about
more than money
Financial profit is the lifeblood of every successful
business. Without it, investors may see little or no return
on their investment… and a business may cease to exist.
Of course, at Saifu, profitability is a vitally important
factor in ensuring we can grow and deliver value to
our investors. However, we firmly believe that we can
combine financial gains – that will underpin our longterm sustainability – plus a strong element of Corporate
Social Responsibility (CSR).
By making cryptocurrencies accessible to the many –
not just the chosen few – we believe we’re helping the
wider population to enjoy the flexibility and potential
financial benefits that cryptocurrencies can offer.
For too long, cryptocurrencies have been the exclusive
preserve of the financially sophisticated and the
technically skilled.

But now Saifu is taking cryptocurrencies
to the masses.

16

Doing good can also
do us good

A more ethical
investment?

Of course, by making cryptocurrency

We believe that Saifu’s ICO will appeal to many

purchases and transactions a reality for

investors that are interested in investments that

a wider range of consumers, businesses

have the potential to do more than just deliver

and banks, we believe we can tap into

financial returns – but can also help to do some

a truly massive market.

good for the wider community.

We believe that the potential scalability helps
to build a compelling argument for investing
in Saifu.
So, we think it’s a kind of virtuous circle:
Because we’re committed to taking
cryptocurrencies to the masses that helps
us to spread the potential benefits of
cryptocurrencies to more people which,
in turn, can give us massive potential to
grow our business and that can help
us to grow our profits.

17

The Future
for Saifu?

There are three main phases in our business
development roadmap. Phase 1 is already
completed and Phase 2 is already in progress.

18

Phase 1
Coverage: Initial services for individuals / consumers
Status: Completed

We’re already making it easy for people to get

Enabled wire transfers of traditional currencies – both

involved in cryptocurrencies – without our customers

into and out of consumers’ Saifu accounts (via both

needing to have any specialist technical skills.

SEPA and SWIFT)

Our customers can manage both their traditional
currencies and cryptocurrencies in a single account.
It’s easy & flexible… and it’s all protected by bankgrade security.

Enabled account topping-up – so consumers can use
their existing Visa or MasterCard (from any bank) to
add funds to their Saifu account.
Enabled outward transfer of funds – so consumers
can transfer traditional currencies from their Saifu
account and to their existing Visa or MasterCard (at

Here’s what we’ve already done:

any bank)
Issued Saifu debit cards to our customers. These

Gained a licence as a Small Payment Institution

cards can be linked to traditional currencies or

Set up IBANs accounts for our customers - for both

cryptocurrencies

traditional and cryptocurrencies.

Set up a Trading Robot for cryptocurrencies

Enabled payment operations for traditional

Developed new Online and Mobile bank user

currencies and cryptocurrencies

interfaces that are designed for ease of use

Set up exchange operations for traditional currencies

Set up internal compliance functions – for traditional

and cryptocurrencies

currency and cryptocurrency operations – including:

Set up and commissioned a security platform that

Anti Money Laundering (AML)

delivers bank-grade security for our customers’

Know Your Customer (KYC)

cryptocurrencies and transactions

Counter Terrorist Financing (CTF)

19

Phase 2
Coverage: Initial services for business customers –
and additional services for individuals / consumers
Status: In progress

For individuals / consumers:
Setting up a new platform that makes it easier and
safer for individuals to buy and hold crypto tokens –

We’ve already started to work on developing

without users needing to have specialist technical skills

services that will enable businesses to benefit from

Enabling mobile payments, including:

being able to process cryptocurrency transactions.
We’re also working on extending the range of
services that we offer to consumers.

Apple Pay
Android Pay
Samsung Pay

Here’s what’s included in Phase 2 – and some of

Issuing Saifu branded debit cards that are linked to the

these items are already being worked on:

customer’s Saifu account

For businesses:

For our general operations:

Setting up services to help businesses to store and

Further development of our Trading Robot for

use both cryptocurrencies and traditional currencies

cryptocurrencies – using Artificial Intelligence (AI)

for their business operations.

and Big Data

Cryptocurrency custody services for companies

Obtaining principal licences for Visa and MasterCard

Establishing Payroll Programs for businesses – in both

Achieving an Authorized Payment Institution /

cryptocurrencies and traditional currencies

Electronic Money Institution licence

Enabling cryptocurrency acquisition and payments –

Connection to the SWIFT banking system (The Society

for both online and offline business

for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication)

Issuing Saifu branded debit cards that are linked

Integration with SEPA (Single Euro Payments Area)

to the business’s Saifu account

20

Phase 3
Coverage: Additional services for consumers and
businesses – plus the provision of services to banks
Status: Planned for implementation after ICO

For banks:
Establish an interbank platform for cryptocurrency
clearing operations – as a service for banks

For consumers and businesses:
Introduce deposit accounts – for consumers and
businesses that want to save both traditional
currencies and cryptocurrencies
Issue Saifu credit cards – to both consumers and
businesses

For our general operations:
Obtain a Commercial Bank licence
Introduce an Open API – to help enable open banking

21

What your investment
could do for the business
Even though Saifu is up and running as a business,
we have a very aggressive growth strategy. To achieve
accelerated growth, we’ll need to devote funds to:
Marketing and Business Development
Operational Development, including:
Technologies
People
Licences and Compliance

Operational Development
As we grow our customer base – and expand into new
regions – we’ll also have to scale up our back office
and front office resources… to cope with the planned
growth in demand for Saifu’s services. We’ll use part
of the ICO funds to invest in:

Technologies
Our existing IT systems and security systems will need
to scale up in order to handle the planned increase
in the volume of transactions and customers.

People

Marketing and Business
Development

Saifu’s back office and front office teams will need
to grow – to help ensure we can deliver high quality
service and customer care to a growing customer
base across a greater number of territories.

Organic growth – whereby satisfied customers tell their
friends about Saifu’s services – is very important in helping
us to ‘spread the word’ and grow our business. However,
to accelerate our growth, it’s important that we also
invest time and effort in spreading the word about Saifu’s
services and the benefits they can offer to customers. The
ICO will enable us to increase our budgets for marketing
and business development activities that will help us to:
Grow our customer base in our existing territories
Expand into new territories

22

Licences and Compliance
As we expand the range of services that we offer and
the range of customers that we service – including
businesses and banks – we’ll need to comply with a
wider range of regulations and controls.

Saifu Token ICO Overview

ICO

Pre-Sales

$49 000 000

–40%

–30%

Soft Cap:

Minimum Purchase

Minimum Purchase

Hard Cap:

$10 000 000

$25,000

$10,000

Price Level:

Price Level:

Price Level:

1 = 0.0001

BTC

1 = 0.00006

BTC

Dates:

Dates:

Jan 15 - Mar 11 2018

Dec 18 - Dec 31 2017

1 = 0.00007

Jan 1 – Jan 142018

Initial Trading:

March 2018

23

BTC

Token Details
Purchase Saifu Tokens now so that you can use them for our services. Saifu Tokens are used
to pay for all transaction fees on the Saifu website and app. You can buy tokens now at a
discount to get cheaper services once the services are up and running, when we will issue
the tokens officially. Buying and holding our tokens will also get you benefits using our service
through our rewards system, which gives bigger discounts the more tokens you hold.

1 2 3
Token Economics

There are three core activities that will
contribute to token appreciation:

Demand from new and existing customers

Loyalty Program – For each transaction,

Burning Tokens – Saifu reserves the right

– All transaction fees and other revenues

customers will receive rewards in the form

to burn up to 1% of daily Saifu Token revenues,

earned by Saifu will be in Saifu Tokens.

of Saifu Tokens depending on the number

in addition to the right to use company funds

Fees are determined in currency, and are

of Saifu Tokens they have in their accounts.

to buy tokens on the market and burn them.

paid by Saifu customers in Saifu Tokens.

Customers are divided into Gold, Silver and

These features allow Saifu to support the

Tokens can be purchased directly, earned

Bronze programs based on the number of

price of the tokens by decreasing overall

through rewards, or Siafu will automate the

Saifu Tokens users have in their accounts,

supply on the market, also resulting

purchase for the purposes of each individual

which receive incremental levels of rewards.

in token appreciation.

transaction, so that users don’t have to do it

Even customers with no Saifu Tokens in their

themselves. As Saifu’s customer base grows

accounts get small rewards.

and more transactions are conducted using
the service, demand for tokens will rise,
increasing the value of the token.

24

Additional Features
Key services that require Saifu Tokens are:
Exchange fiat to crypto currencies
for individuals and companies

Ease of Use
If customers do not hold sufficient Saifu Tokens in
their accounts, the crypto-exchange module inside
the service will manage conversion of external fiat

Exchange crypto to fiat currencies

and crypto currencies to tokens and back. It will do

for individuals and companies

so automatically and transparently without any user

Fiat money payments for individuals

involvement.

and companies

Future Expansion

Fiat to fiat currencies exchanges

to accommodate third-party goods and services that

for individuals and companies

could be bought for Saifu tokens, which would create

Saifu card issuing and monthly fee
Currency conversions for card transactions when
a card is in one currency (e.g. EUR) linked to account
in another currency (e.g. BTC)
Access to trading robot as a feature and its success fee

In the future, Saifu’s internal marketplace could grow

additional demand.

Token bonuses for the company, founders,
team and advisory board
Of the total ICO, 25% is to be awarded to the founders,
team and advisory board, with an additional 10% to
be retained by Saifu for market making and rewards

Prices and Settlements

purposes. The founders and team are required to hold

All prices and settlements are determined in fiat and

the tokens for at least six months before selling.

cryptocurrencies. During each transaction, the market
price will be used to determine the amount of tokens
to pay as platform fees. For example, a $100 transaction
might carry a 5% fee ($5.00), which the platform would
buy from market or take from the user’s account in the

Disclaimer

equivalent of Saifu Tokens. Because prices are set in fiat,

The Saifu token is not in any way a security, and

growth in the token price will not affect user fees.

should not be purchased as such.

25

Token Value
As a customer looking to use our service, we understand you want
to be confident that the tokens you buy now will hold their current value,
and possibly give you future benefits if they gain in value. Saifu provides
the following ways of helping to maintain the token’s value:

Demand from new
and existing customers

Loyalty Program

Loyalty Program

All transaction fees and other revenues

For each transaction, customers will

Saifu reserves the right to burn up to 1% of

earned by Saifu will be in Saifu Tokens.

receive rewards in the form of Saifu Tokens

daily Saifu Token revenues, in addition to the

Fees are determined in currency, and are

depending on the number of Saifu Tokens

right to use company funds to buy tokens on

paid by Saifu customers in Saifu Tokens.

they have in their accounts. Customers

the market and burn them. These features

Tokens can be purchased directly, earned

are divided into Gold, Silver and Bronze

allow Saifu to support the price of the tokens

through rewards, or Siafu will automate the

programs based on the number of Saifu

by decreasing overall supply on the market.

purchase for the purposes of each individual

Tokens users have in their accounts, which

transaction, so that users don’t have to do it

receive incremental levels of rewards. Even

themselves. As Saifu’s customer base grows

customers with no Saifu Tokens in their

and more transactions are conducted using

accounts get small rewards.

the service, demand for tokens will rise,
increasing the value of the token.

The loyalty program has two ways of helping
the token maintain and/or grow its value: first,
token demand is increased via rewards; and
second, users will seek to hold the token to
get a higher status and discounts on fees for
the company’s services.

26

Saifu team

Alexander Legoshin

Evgeny Vigovsky

Zach Murray

Chairman of the Supervisory Board,
Co-Founder

COO & CTO, Co-Founder

Head of Communications

Evgeny is a senior executive, with vast

Zach has 10 years experience

Alexander has over 10 years experience

experience successfully creating and bringing high-

in management, finance and

in strategic marketing and a history of

tech products and services to the global market.

communications, with an MBA from

successful investments. In 2012 he turned

Evgeny has been a blockchain enthusiast since 2013.

Cass Business School in London.

his attention to the new and growing
cryptocurrency market. Over the next
few years, Alexander became a partner
in several successful businesses in various
sectors. At Saifu, he is responsible for

He is skilled in global business development,
information security and technology, FinTech,
blockchain, products and services management,
development and marketing.

strategic development, regulator relations

In Saifu Evgeny is in charge of operational side of

and global business development.

the business, development of new products for

He has worked for top global financial
institutions in New York, London and
Moscow, and is well connected in
the global world of finance. At Saifu,
Zach runs communications for ICO
participants, businesses and users.

corporate and private clients, as well as technological
development and security of the service.

27

Eizens Slava

Victoria Kolosova

Head of Back office

Head of Customer Service

Eizens started his career in the banking industry

Victoria has a strong background in the banking

back in 1993 at the Latvian Parex Bank. Holding

and finance industry. She started her career in

senior positions, he was developing the loans

2004 in Russia’s largest bank Sberbank working

and leasing business of the bank on the local

with credit cards. After moving to the Latvian

and international markets. For over two years, he

Expobank in 2008, she held various positions in

was the Head of Key Accounts Department, Vice

the client services, business development and

President of the Latvijas Krājbanka (Latvian Savings

compliance. In 2015, she became the Corporate

Bank). In 2011, Eizens left the banking industry to

Business Development manager in the bank’s

become CEO and then Chairman of the Board

representative office in Hong Kong. Her latest

of the payday loans company VIA SMS Group

job was in business consultancy for a payment

operating in six European markets. Before joining

facilitator in the Czech Republic. In Saifu, Victoria

Saifu where he is the Head of Back Office, he was

is supervising customers service operations.

engaged in loans and mortgage brokerage.

28

Saifu is taking cryptocurrencies to the masses.
Invest now and help make a difference

29

