SAKURA BLOOM (SKB) white paper << system >>
SKB is a product of intelligent contract technology based on Ethereum. It digitized the assets of the
physical world and implemented it through the latest ERC20 tokens. It has greater security and the
advantages of faster transfer money than other kinds of tokens.
Ethereum Technology
The Ethereum learns from the technology of bitcoin block chain and expands its application scope.
If the bitcoin uses the dedicated calculator with block chain technology , the Ethereum will use the
general-purpose computer with block chain technology. Briefly speaking, the Ethereum = block
chain + intelligent contract.
Intelligent Contract
The intelligent contract program is not just a computer program that can be automatically
executed. It's a system of actors. It responds to the received information. It can receive and store
value and also can send out information and value. This program is like a trusted person who can
hold assets temporarily and always follow the rules in advance. The following diagram is an
intelligent contract model. A piece of code (intelligent contract) is deployed in a shared and
duplicated ledger. It can maintain its own state. It controls its own assets and responds to the
received external information or assets.

Intelligent Contract Model: It's a computer program that runs on a duplicated and shared ledger.
It can process information, receive, store, and send value.

ERC20
ERC20 Tokens
ERC20 Token Code
The ERC20 token code is a set of agreed intelligent contract function and event name. What is a
token? A token (Token) is a way of defining value in a block chain that is used to demarcate
financial or digital assets.
// https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/20
contract ERC20 {
function totalSupply() constant returns (uint totalSupply);
function balanceOf(address _owner) constant returns (uint balance);
function transfer(address _to, uint _value) returns (bool success);
function transferFrom(address _from, address _to, uint _value) returns (bool success);
function approve(address _spender, uint _value) returns (bool success);
function allowance(address _owner, address _spender) constant returns (uint remaining);
event Transfer(address indexed _from, address indexed _to, uint _value);
event Approval(address indexed _owner, address indexed _spender, uint _value);
}

Through these function sets, you can get the functions of total number of tokens issued, balance,
transfer and distribution of the tokens, and approval of the currency. With these specifications,
there is a basis for designing and developing wallets that can be supported by the wallets
developed.
ERC20 Token Characteristics
The tokens defined by the ERC20 code have the following major features:
Decentralization
Determination of total assets
Assets transferable
Decentralization
"Decentralization" is a phenomenon or structure. It can only be present in a system with many
users or nodes. Each user can connect and affect other nodes. Generally speaking, everyone is a
center. Everyone can connect and affect other nodes. This flat, open-sourced, equality of the
phenomenon or structure is called "decentralization".
At the same time, "decentralization" is one of the typical characteristics of block chain. It uses the
distributed storage and computing power. The rights and obligations of the entire network node
are the same. The data nature in the system is maintained by the whole network node, thus the
block chain is no longer dependent on the central processing node to realize the distributed
storage, recording and updating of the data. Each block chain follows the uniform rules.
This rule is based on a cipher algorithm rather than a credit certificate. The process of data update
requires the approval of the user, thus laying the block chain does not require intermediary and
trust agencies endorsement.
Determination of total assets
Based on the ERC20 tokens, once issued, its total can no longer be modified so as to avoid the
issuers arbitrarily increase the total amount of tokens, which results in the instability of tokens
value.
Assets transferable
The tokens of each address represent the assets of the address holders. These assets have some
value. When you need to transfer these assets to others, you only need to transfer money to the
addresses of others by the wallet or Exchange.

