C O P Y R I G HT © 2 0 1 7 S A L A R I U M . A L L R I G HTS R E S E RV E D.

Contents
Important Notice						3
Executive Summary					9
Background 							11
What are Salarium and SALPay?				
11
Revenue Model of Salarium				12
SALPay Lening Platform					12
Salarium Customers					13
Salarium Team						15
Salarium Investors					16

Company Background					16
The Problems SALPay Tokens are Addressing		
Businesses Need to Pay Employees				
Beoynd BPO and the Philippines				
Remittance for Freelancers and P2P Service			

Bitcoin & Cryptocurrency Remittance in Philippines

17
17
18
19

19

The Solution: SALPay Token and Exchange Network 20
Getting Corporates on Blockchain				20
The Financial Flow of SALPay Tokens			
21
Purchase of SALPay Tokens by Companies			
21
Salarium and SALPay					22
SALPay Exchange Network				26
SALPay Wallet and Card					27

Technical Overview						29
The Token						30
Disbursing Funds						31

Sale of SALPay Tokens - ICO				

32

Structure of Sale						32
Sale Period						32
Conditions & Closing					33
Token Distribution					34
Pre-sale Bonus						35

Use of Funds						36
Liquidity							36
Licenses						36
Development						37

Value to Token Holders					37
Roadmap							38
Conclusion							39

SALPay Token Important notice
This document (the “Whitepaper”) does not constitute or include recommendations with respect to, advice on, or any
opinion with respect to the sale or purchase of tokens (the “SALPay Tokens”) issued or to be issued by SALPay Tokens Pte
Ltd a subsidiary of Salarium Pte. Ltd. (“Salarium”)) including in relation to legal, accounting, regulatory or tax matters, nor
does it constitute any solicitation of any offer by the distributor or other vendor of the SALPay Tokens (the “Distributor”)
to purchase any SALPay Tokens, nor shall it or any part of it nor the fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be
relied upon in connection with, any contract, purchase, sale or other similar decision of a prospective participant. Each
prospective participant is urged to consult with its own advisors with respect to legal, regulatory, financial, accounting and
tax consequences of the purchase, holding and/or sale of the SALPay Tokens.
No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the sale and purchase of the
SALPay Tokens and no form of payment (including, without limitation, in cryptocurrency) is to be accepted on the basis
of this Whitepaper. Prospective participants who wish to purchase SALPay Tokens need to contact the Distributor (an
affiliate of Salarium) and amongst other things will be required to: (a) provide details and information (including certain
“know-your-customer” information) as required to open an electronic wallet (the “SALPay Wallet”) with Salarium (to the
extent not already opened); (b) submit a properly completed and executed token sale agreement which contains the terms
and conditions applicable to the SALPay Tokens (the “Sale Agreement”), to be delivered to the address and otherwise in the
manner set forth therein prior to the Closing (as defined in this Whitepaper) or such other date as Salarium may determine;
and (c) remit the purchase amount for the SALPay tokens (the “Price”), in cleared funds in the amount and in the manner
set forth in the Sale Agreement prior to the Closing or such other date as Salarium may determine.
SALPay Tokens will only be offered to persons meeting the eligibility requirements as set forth in the Sale Agreement which
is a separate agreement between the prospective participant and the Distributor. In particular, it is noted that persons who
are citizens, residents (for tax purposes or otherwise) or green card holders, as applicable, of the United States of America,
the Republic of Singapore or the People’s Republic of China are not eligible to purchase or otherwise hold SALPay Tokens.
Any such person receiving a copy of this Whitepaper should return it and/or destroy any copies it has made.
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. No such action
has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution
or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules in a relevant
jurisdiction have been complied with. It is the responsibility of any prospective participant to satisfy itself as to full
compliance with the applicable laws or regulations of any relevant country, province, state or territory, including taking
actions as may be required in any jurisdiction where it is resident or where it receives this Whitepaper or the Sale Agreement,
to obtain any requisite consents and observe any formalities required in such jurisdiction with respect to the purchase,
holding, exchange and/or sale of SALPay Tokens. This Whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be taken
or transmitted to any country where distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper is prohibited or restricted. No part of
this Whitepaper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated without the prior consent of Salarium and in any event,
without including this section and the sections entitled “Disclaimer of Liability”, “No Representations and Warranties”,
“Representations and Warranties in Sale Agreement”, “Cautionary Note On Forward-Looking Statements”, “Market and
Industry Information and No Consent of Other Persons”, “Terms Used”, “No Advice”, “No Further Information or Update”,
“Restrictions On Distribution and Dissemination”, “No Offer of Securities Or Registration” and “Risks and Uncertainties”.
There are risks and uncertainties associated with Salarium, the Distributor, their respective businesses and operations, the
SALPay Tokens and the Salarium Initial Coin Offering (each as referred to in this Whitepaper). Participants must rely on
their own examination of the terms applicable to the SALPay Tokens and the Salarium Initial Coin Offering, including the
merits and risks involved.

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

3

DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws, regulations and rules, Salarium and/or the Distributor shall not be
liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including
but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any
acceptance of actions taken based on the information in this Whitepaper or any part thereof.

NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
Neither Salarium nor the Distributor makes or purports to make any representation, warranty or undertaking in any form
whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy
and completeness of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. This Whitepaper is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the Sale Agreement which contains the terms and conditions applicable to the SALPay Tokens (and certain
other documents which Salarium and/or the Distributor may require a prospective participant to execute on or prior to the
issuance of the SALPay Tokens). This Whitepaper contains a summary of the terms applicable to the SALPay Tokens,
however it does not purport to be complete and the Sale Agreement, together with any other documents to be executed by
a prospective participant on or prior to the issuance of the SALPay Tokens should be reviewed for complete information.
In the event of any inconsistency between this Whitepaper and the Sale Agreement, the Sale Agreement shall prevail. With
respect to Salarium and/or the Distributor, only representations and warranties made by them in the Sale Agreement shall
have any legal effect.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES IN SALE AGREEMENT
The Sale Agreement will require prospective participants (referred to below as “you”) to make certain representations and
the prospective participants’ ability to confirm the following material representations should be considered. In the event
that a prospective participant is unable to make any of the following representations or warranties, the SALPay Tokens are
not suitable for that participant, the prospective participant should return or destroy any copies of materials related to the
SALPay Tokens that it is holding and no SALPay Tokens will be issued to it:
(a) you agree and acknowledge that the SALPay Tokens are being issued on the basis that they do not constitute securities
or other regulated instruments in any form in any jurisdiction;
(b) you agree and acknowledge that the Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and
is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or other regulated instruments in any jurisdiction or a solicitation for
investment in securities or other regulated instruments;
(c) you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined or approved any of the information set out in
the Whitepaper and no action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction
with respect to the issuance of SALPay Tokens and the publication, distribution or dissemination of the Whitepaper does
not imply that the SALPay Tokens have been approved or registered in any jurisdiction or will be so registered at any time;
(d) you agree and acknowledge that the distribution of the Whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion of the
Salarium Initial Coin Offering or future trading of the SALPay Tokens on any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not be
construed, interpreted or deemed by you as an indication of the merits of Salarium and/or the Distributor, the SALPay
Tokens, the Salarium Initial Coin Offering or the SALPay Wallet;
(e) the distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper, any part thereof or any copy thereof, or receipt or possession of
the same by you, is not prohibited or restricted by the applicable laws, regulations or rules in your jurisdiction of residence,
C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

4

the place where you received this Whitepaper or as otherwise may be applicable, and where any restrictions in relation to
receipt or possession of this Whitepaper are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions at your
own expense and without liability to Salarium and/or the Distributor;
(f) you agree and acknowledge that the SALPay Tokens are not to be classified, construed, interpreted or treated as:
(i) any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency;
(ii) debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity (including Salarium and/or the Distributor);
(iii) rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares;
(iv) units in a collective investment scheme;
(v) units in a business trust;
(vi) derivatives of units in a business trust; or
(vii) any other regulated instrument in any applicable jurisdiction including any security or class of securities;
(g) you are fully aware of and understand that you are not eligible to purchase any SALPay Tokens if you are a
citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or green card holder, as applicable, of the United States of America, the Republic of
Singapore or the People’s Republic of China;
(h) you have a sufficient degree of understanding of the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission
mechanisms and other material characteristics of cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems,
cryptocurrency wallets or other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract
technology to make your own determinations with respect to the SALPay Tokens including as to their merit and
suitability for you, you have taken your own professional advice including with respect to legal, regulatory, accounting
and tax implications and have not relied on Salarium and/or the Distributor (except to the extent of any specific
representations or warranties set out in the Sale Agreement) in any way in connection with the Salarium Initial Coin
Offering, the SALPay Tokens and/or the SALPay Wallet;
(i) you are fully aware of and understand the risks set out in the Whitepaper in connection with any purchase of
SALPay Tokens, including those risks associated with Salarium and the Distributor and their respective business and
operations, the SALPay Tokens, the Salarium Initial Coin Offering and the SALPay Wallet; and
(j) you agree and acknowledge that neither Salarium nor the Distributor is liable for any indirect, special, incidental,
consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue,
income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any possession of documentation
in connection with the SALPay Tokens, including the Whitepaper, or the purchase or holding of SALPay Tokens, the
Salarium Initial Coin Offering or the SALPay Wallet.

CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press releases or in any place accessible by the public
and oral statements that may be made by Salarium and/or the Distributor or their respective directors, executive officers or
employees acting on behalf of Salarium or the Distributor (as the case may be), that are not statements of historical fact,
constitute “forward- looking statements”. Some of these statements can be identified by forward-looking terms such as
“aim”, “target”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”, “if”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “possible”, “probable”, “project”,
“should”, “would”, “will” or other similar terms. However, these terms are not the exclusive means of identifying forwardlooking statements. All statements regarding Salarium’s and/or the Distributor’s financial position, business strategies,
plans and prospects and the future prospects of the industry which Salarium and/or the Distributor is in are forwardC o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

5

looking statements. These forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements as to Salarium’s and/or the
Distributor’s revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed
in this Whitepaper regarding Salarium and/or the Distributor are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions.
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the
actual future results, performance or achievements of Salarium and/or the Distributor to be materially different from any
future results, performance or achievements expected, expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These
factors include, amongst others:
(a) changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment
in the countries in which Salarium and/or the Distributor conducts its respective businesses and operations;
(b) the risk that Salarium and/or the Distributor may be unable to execute or implement their respective business strategies
and future plans;
(c) changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies;
(d) changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth of Salarium and/or the Distributor;
(e) changes in the availability and fees payable to Salarium and/or the Distributor in connection with their respective
businesses and operations;
(f) changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by Salarium and/or the Distributor to operate
their respective businesses and operations;
(g) changes in preferences of customers of Salarium and/or the Distributor;
(h) changes in competitive conditions under which Salarium and/or the Distributor operate, and the ability of Salarium
and/or the Distributor to compete under such conditions;
(i) changes in the future capital needs of Salarium and/or the Distributor and the availability of financing and capital to
fund such needs;
(j) war or acts of international or domestic terrorism;
(k) occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God that affect the businesses and/or operations of
Salarium and/or the Distributor;
(l) other factors beyond the control of Salarium and/or the Distributor; and
(m) any risk and uncertainties associated with Salarium and/or the Distributor and their businesses and operations, the
SAL tokens, the Salarium Initial Coin Offering and the SALPay Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper).
All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to Salarium and/or the Distributor or persons acting on behalf of
Salarium and/or the Distributor are expressly qualified in their entirety by such factors. Given that risks and uncertainties
that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of Salarium and/or the Distributor to be materially
different from that expected, expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this Whitepaper, undue reliance
must not be placed on these statements. These forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date of this
Whitepaper.
Neither Salarium, the Distributor nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future
results, performance or achievements of Salarium and/or the Distributor will be as discussed in those forward-looking
statements. The actual results, performance or achievements of Salarium and/or the Distributor may differ materially from
those anticipated in these forward- looking statements.

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

6

Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or undertaking as to the future
performance or policies of Salarium and/or the Distributor.
Further, Salarium and/or the Distributor disclaim any responsibility to update any of those forward- looking statements
or publicly announce any revisions to those forward-looking statements to reflect future developments, events or
circumstances, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.
those anticipated in these forward- looking statements.
Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or undertaking as to the future
performance or policies of Salarium and/or the Distributor.
Further, Salarium and/or the Distributor disclaim any responsibility to update any of those forward- looking statements
or publicly announce any revisions to those forward-looking statements to reflect future developments, events or
circumstances, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.

MARKET AND INDUSTRY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF
OTHER PERSONS
This Whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained from internal surveys,
reports and studies, where appropriate, as well as market research, publicly available information and industry publications.
Such surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that the
information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but there can be no assurance as to
the accuracy or completeness of such included information.
Save for Salarium, the Distributor and their respective directors, executive officers and employees, no person has provided
his or her consent to the inclusion of his or her name and/or other information attributed or perceived to be attributed to
such person in connection therewith in this Whitepaper and no representation, warranty or undertaking is or purported to
be provided as to the accuracy or completeness of such information by such person and such persons shall not be obliged
to provide any updates on the same.
While Salarium and/or the Distributor have taken reasonable actions to ensure that the information is extracted accurately
and in its proper context, Salarium and/or the Distributor have not conducted any independent review of the information
extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy or completeness of such information or ascertained the underlying
economic assumptions relied upon therein. Consequently, neither Salarium, the Distributor, nor their respective directors,
executive officers and employees acting on their behalf makes any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or
completeness of such information and shall not be obliged to provide any updates on the same.

NO ADVICE
While Salarium and/or the Distributor have taken reasonable actions to ensure that the information is extracted accurately
and in its proper context, Salarium and/or the Distributor have not conducted any independent review of the information
extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy or completeness of such information or ascertained the underlying
economic assumptions relied upon therein. Consequently, neither Salarium, the Distributor, nor their respective directors,
executive officers and employees acting on their behalf makes any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or
completeness of such information and shall not be obliged to provide any updates on the same.

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

7

NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE
No person has been or is authorized to give any information or representation not contained in this Whitepaper in connection
with Salarium, the Distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the SALPay Tokens, the Salarium Initial
Coin Offering and the SALPay Wallet and, if given, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having
been authorized by or on behalf of Salarium and/or the Distributor. The Salarium Initial Coin Offering shall not, under any
circumstances, constitute a continuing representation or create any suggestion or implication that there has been no
change, or development reasonably likely to involve a material change in the affairs, conditions and prospects of Salarium
and/or the Distributor or in any statement of fact or information contained in this Whitepaper since the date hereof.

RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION
The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part hereof may be prohibited or restricted by the laws,
regulatory requirements and rules of any jurisdiction. In the case where any restriction applies, you are to inform yourself
about, and to observe, any restrictions which are applicable to your possession of this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as
the case may be) at your own expense and without liability to Salarium and/or the Distributor.
Persons to whom a copy of this Whitepaper has been distributed or disseminated, provided access to or who otherwise
have the Whitepaper in their possession shall not circulate it to any other persons, reproduce or otherwise distribute this
Whitepaper or any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit or cause the same to occur.

NO OFFER OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION
This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer
of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction. No person is bound to enter into any contract
or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this
Whitepaper. Any agreement in relation to any sale and purchase of SALPay Tokens is to be governed by the Sale Agreement
and no other document. In the event of any inconsistencies between the Sale Agreement and this Whitepaper, the former
shall prevail.
You are not eligible to purchase any SAL tokens in the Salarium Initial Coin Offering if you are a citizen, resident (tax or
otherwise) or green card holder of the United States of America or a citizen or resident of the Republic of Singapore or a
citizen of the People’s Republic of China.
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. No such action
has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution
or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the SALPay Tokens have been approved or registered in any
jurisdiction or will be so registered at any time.

RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
Prospective purchasers of SALPay Tokens (as referred to in this Whitepaper) should carefully consider and evaluate all risks
and uncertainties associated with Salarium, the Distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the SALPay
Tokens, the Salarium Initial Coin Offering and the SALPay Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper), all information
set out in this Whitepaper and the T&Cs prior to any purchase of SALPay Tokens. If any of such risks and uncertainties
develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of Salarium and/or the
Distributor could be materially and adversely affected. In such cases, you may lose all or part of the value of the SALPay
Tokens.

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

8

Executive Summary
The Salarium Group of Companies has been providing payroll and financial solutions since May 2013. Salarium mainly
operates in the Philippines with a first of its kind model: providing companies with free time SaaS, attendance, and payroll
software as an acquisition and funding source for SALPay, its financial product. SALPay (operated in the Philippines under
Salarium Payments Corp.) is a complete ecosystem with an e-wallet, a debit Mastercard, and a financial services suite
used by employees and their families. Helping them pay bills, transfer funds around the Philippines, and providing noncollateral micro-loans through a fully managed loans platform.
Salarium has been providing payroll software since 2014 and SALPay, its innovative fintech solution, since June 2016.
Today, the company currently helps over 500 businesses and more than 10,000 employees get paid monthly.
As of November 2017, Salarium only provides its payroll and financial services within the Philippines, with plans to expand
regionally in 2018.
Clients use Salarium’s free payroll solution to calculate the hours of their employees in compliance with Philippines’ labor
laws and tax regulations. Once the calculation is complete, they can disburse their employees’ salaries directly from
SALPay’s web terminal, which instantly sends the credits to the SALPay Wallets of employees using the SALPay solution.
To use SALPay to pay employees, businesses load up their corporate wallets by depositing cash to the SALPay account
system using any major bank in the Philippines. After SALPay’s treasury team verifies the transaction, businesses will be
able to view their available balance in their corporate SALPay Wallet and use the funds to carry out salary disbursements.
Once the funds are in the employees’ wallets, they can use it with their debit Mastercard, pay bills, transfer to family and
friends, and buy pre-paid load.
Salarium and SALPay cater to all industries and work with any sized company but nearly 50% of Salarium’s clients are from
the Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) industry in one way or another (their income is derived from outside Philippines).
For these business clients, 100% (or the vast majority) of their Philippines-based employees’ salaries and local operational
funds have to be remitted into the country on a fortnightly basis. In making these transactions, Salarium’s clients have
historically been required to open and maintain local corporate bank accounts where they deposit funds before loading
them into their employees’ SALPay Wallets. Each transaction has historically attracted bank fees, poor forex rates, and long
processing times. As a result, Salarium’s clients are requesting to be given more options to fund their SALPay accounts
from outside the Philippines.
SALPay Tokens and the SALPay Exchange Network provide a solution to these issues, as they will form a uniform base
currency which can be transmitted through an exchange network to allow employers and companies to quickly pay their
employees in the Philippines and easily transfer funds [in the form of token credits] from their home countries without
opening local corporate bank accounts. Companies will purchase SALPay Tokens either from Salarium (during the Salarium
Initial Coin Offering) or subsequently using payment exchanges operated by SALPay (or partners) that are accessible to
them (including those operated abroad) and will transfer those tokens to SALPay which will place them in the client’s
SALPay Wallet and convertible to Pesos, ready for making salary disbursements to employees. Once the client’s SALPay
wallet has been credited, Salarium will be able to carry out salary disbursements for the client in the same way as it does
at present.
The SALPay Tokens, along with Salarium’s payroll platform, will enable employers and clients outside the Philippines to
inexpensively, securely and quickly pay the salaries of local employees and freelancers. The existing SALPay ecosystem
will continue to provide the financial services suite to the employees to give them free and complete access to their funds,
and be able to withdraw their salaries from any ATM in the Philippines in local currency.
Salarium is already experienced in successfully building and operating this type of B2B financial service. Now, based on
customer demand, SALPay is leveraging blockchain technology and cryptocurrency to solve its clients’ problems. The
expansion of the Salarium platform obviously builds on the existing business and minimal tech development is needed to
complete the additional functionality.

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

9

By building upon the SALPay current payment ecosystem, and having Salarium’s clients commit to use the service, the
company secures a demand for SALPay Tokens and a use of the utility from day one. SALPay will be need to buy back
a certain quantity of tokens post-ICO to provide this transfer service to its clients. The demand of the business should
continue to increase as Salarium and SALPay get more clients in the Philippines and opens up the wallets and cards
to any Filipino, and expands its service into other countries. Next target martkets will be Australia and Singapore and
eventually the entire Asean Region. Since the quantity of the tokens will be a fixed amount (100,000,000 SAL tokens),
this allows for basic supply demand principles to provide the elements for a healthy financial ecosystem.

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

10

Background
What are Salarium and SALPay?
Salarium and SALPay are a new approach to building an economic system that tackles the funding and acquisition of
users in the most natural way possible: through their salary. It is a financial inclusion model that works.

Financial Flow of Salarium and SALPay

Client/Employer

Bank

Freelancer/
Employee

Client/Employer
SALPay Wallet

Salarium

Mastercard
Debit

Bank Transfer

Today, employers use SALPay’s web interface and deposit
funds (Philippines Pesos Only) through any major bank in
the Philippines to load their corporate SALPay Wallet.
They use Salarium’s cloud payroll software for free in
order to manage employee data, schedule work, record
time entries, run payroll, and make salary disbursements
using their SALPay Wallet.
Once the employees’ salaries are credited to their
(employee) SALPay Wallets, they are able to spend the

ATM Withdrawal

funds using a physical debit Mastercard, which is linked
to the balance of their SALPay Wallet. SALPay’s system
is already linked to a bank ATM network in the Philippines
(Bancnet), which gives users over 11,000 ATM points in
the country where they can withdraw their money.
Employees can also transfer funds from their SALPay
Wallet to any major bank in the Philippines, pay bills to
many of the country’s utility providers, buy prepaid mobile
phone credits, and send money to the largest network of
pawnshops in the Philippines (Cebuana Lhuiller).

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

11

Revenue Model of Salarium
Currently, Salarium has several revenue streams. It earns its revenue by charging a fixed amount of US $.50 to companies
per disbursement instruction processed. The majority of clients process 2 payments in a month.
The majority of its revenue comes from the financial services it provides to SALPay Wallet holders, which include: fees
derived from ATM and POS transactions using the SALPay Finance debit Mastercard; fees charged on transfer of funds
from SALPay Wallets to other banks in the Philippines; fees derived from sale of digital goods like prepaid mobile phone
credits and bill payments; together with fees from micro- finance, micro-insurance, and micro-mutual financial services
(as briefly described above).

SALPay Lending Platform
SALPay helps power financial inclusion through its mobile wallet. SALPay
has partnered with accredited lenders that offer non-collateral loans to
employees that are paid through SALPay.
Credit scoring is done automatically, certain loan products are pre-approved
while others are approved in minutes. Funds are transferred instantly to
the borrowers and repayment is collected automatically from employees
during payroll.
SALPay has given out thousands of loans on its platform in 2017 and its
easy loan product has one of the lowest default rates for micro-loans in
Asia, less than 1%.
Because SALPay’s default rates are lower and the cost to provide the
loans is lessened by the platform, the employees receive some of the
best interest rates and fastest approval of their loans. SALPay receives a
commission from the lending company and a collection fee for facilitating
this service.

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

12

Salarium Customers
Today, Salarium helps over 500 companies and more than 10,000 employees in the Philippines get paid their salaries using its software and financial service. These companies are mostly SMEs working in a variety of industries including BPO,
manufacturing, retail, and IT.

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

13

Salarium Team
Salarium is a fully operational company with over 60 employees.

Headcount per Department
Finance

4.2%

Engineering

HR&A

20.8%

8.3%
Business Dev

2.1%

Operations

2.1%

Marketing

12.5%

Product

18.8%
Support

10.4%
Sales

12.5%
C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

Onboarding

8.3%

14

Salarium Management

Judah Z. Hirsch

Russell Shepherd

Eduardo Gutiérrez

Noel Nuguid

Founder & CEO

CTO

Communications Director

Head of Dev Ops

Jayson Antig

Paul Bautista

Jorrel Ang

Fadzly Yusof

Blockchain Engineer

Principal Engineer

Principal Engineer

Project Director

Salarium Investors

John Orrock

Vincenzo Ciummo

Jean Henri Lhuiller

Founder and CEO of Barhead
Ex-founder of Cloud Sherpas
(acquired by Accenture in 2014)
Managing Partner of
FutureNow Ventures

Founder & CEO
of
VC Growth Partners

CEO of Cebuana Lhuiller
Financing (largest pawnshop
network in the Philippines)

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

15

Company Background

2013

•

•

•

Jan 2014 - Salarium releases
first commercial payroll

Jan 2016 - Salarium
insurance brokerage is
incorporated in Philippines

2014

2015

Jun 2016 - Salarium raises
US $1.2 million in a round led
by FutureNow Ventures

•

Oct 2016 - Salarium partners
with GCash (Mynt) to power
SALPay

•

Nov 2016 - Salarium
receives approval from the
Central Bank of Philippines
to begin running SALPay

•

Dec 2016 - SALPay starts
offering micro-financing loans

•

May 2013 - Salarium Ltd
begins its operations

•

Feb 2015 - Salarium wins the
Seedstars World Startup

•

May 2015 - Salarium raises
seed round of US $500K

•

Dec 2015 - Salarium Payment
Corporation (SALPay) is
incorporated in the Philippines

•

Dec 2015 - First version of
SALPay app is released

•

March 2017 - Salarium
establishes its regional
headquarters in the
Philippines

•

Nov 2017 - Salarium
launches its ICO

2016

2017

500+

companies

10,000+
employees

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

Monthly payroll volume

US $10M

Number of micro-loans

5,000+

16

The Problems SALPay Tokens
are Addressing
Businesses Need to Pay Employees
This simple fact has enabled Salarium and SALPay to
gain thousands of customers and provide next generation
digital banking solutions to them.
Philippines is the number 1 BPO spot in the world due
to its young and vibrant population, high percentage of
secondary education graduates, and its strong affinity
for the English language and western culture. These
factors have made it the perfect location for many BPO
companies to operate in.
The BPO sector has steadily grown in the Philippines for
the last 10 years and is projected to continuously rise.

By definition, these companies do not earn revenue in the
Philippines (or, if they do, they earn a minor percentage),
but in their home countries or parent companies, which
pay for the services that their Filipino staff provide. They
include some of the world’s largest and most-loved brands.
The formal BPO sector employs 1.3 million Filipinos,
making the country the contact center capital of the
world. Large call centers like PeopleSupport, Convergys,
Sykes, and Accenture account for about 50% of this
direct employee pool. The remaining 650,000 workers
are working for small and medium-sized contact centers,
representing US $12.5 billion in funds sent from outside
the Philippines inward for these salary payments every
year.

How big is BPO in the Philippines?
In 2017,
BPO is expected to employ

Manila

1.4 Million Filipinos

That’s close to the

1,660,714

Manila population

The number of Filipinos
who work in call centers is

350,000

That quantity can
fill approximately

10 Football Fields

BPO revenues reached

$22.9 Billion

7.5%

That’s equal to
Gross Domestic
Product of Philippines

*Source: ASEAN Briefing

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

17

At least every 2 weeks, these companies must remit to the

account in the Philippines where they will receive their

Philippines the funds necessary to pay their employees.

funds. They must open these accounts and maintain a

Since BPO is a margin-business (revenue is a margin

minimum daily balance, and other bank charges.

on top of cost), cash flow prevents companies from the
sector from sending more funds than those needed for

These clients are demanding a faster and cheaper way to

this payroll.

transmit these funds directly into their SALPay Wallet to
pay their employees.

Every 2 weeks they are forced to pay bank transfer fees,
deal with poor forex conversion rates and incur long

These

small

and

medium

business

owners

are

transfer times.

technologically capable, but are typically unfamiliar with
cryptocurrency buying and selling, and are hence in need

They are also required to have a local corporate bank

of a smooth end-to-end user experience.

Sending through a bank

Actual value

Remittances

US $10,000

US $10,000

Sending Bank Fees

US $150

Receiving Bank Fees

US $50

Forex Conversion Rate

2 - 3%

Amount received in P H

PHP 488,040 in 5 banking days

PHP 515,000

A difference of PHP 27,211.81 (about 5%) and 3-5 days of transfer

Beyond BPO and Beyond the Philippines
Though BPO is the largest employee sector in terms of revenue, there are also thousands of MNCs (Multi-National
Corporations) in every country in the Region; Salarium already works with several in the Philippines. Remitting
funds from HQ or from profit centers to cost centers is a balancing act, and costs these companies time and
money.
These MNCs often require multi-country solutions and are looking for innovation in both the enterprise and
finance space. They are looking at South East Asia as their growth areas for the next 10 years.

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

18

Remittance for Freelancers and P2P Service
Though the primary use case of SALPay Tokens is a B2B

after forex conversion. Recently, some bitcoin startups

transferring system for businesses to fund their payroll,

have begun providing remittance services, capturing a

there is also a large demand for international remittances

small fraction of the total market.

to the Philippines, as nearly 10% of the population works
outside the Philippines and sends home a part of their

Overseas workers require a fast and cheap way to move

monthly salaries. This amount reached US $26.9 billion*

funds into the Philippines. Once the funds are in their

last year, making the Philippines the Number 2 remittance

country of origin, they want a modern banking experience

market in the world.

that allows them to have access to their funds anytime,
as well as purchase digital and physical goods for their

Most Filipinos use money-transfer services like Western

families back home.

Union and MoneyGram, paying fees between 7 and 10%

Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency
Remittance in the Philippines
Philippines may be one of the friendliest countries towards cryptocurrency in the region, allowing for exchanges to be fully
licensed and regulated similar to a foreign currency exchange business*. Philippines is also one of the largest international
remittance countries in the world (26.9 Billion USD 2016) and cryptocurrency has gained popularity growing to as much as
$6 Million USD per month of remittance in 2017.
This is almost exclusively in bitcoin and dominated by one exchange in the Philippines, Coins.ph. While they are an excellent
fintech solution and are helping to spread wide adoption of digital payments, they operate with a very healthy spread and
the actual price of exchanging make it impossible to be used as a B2B solution.
The average actual price (fees included) of 1 bitcoin in Australia today is 9,788 AUD* , the sale price of 1 bitcoin in the
Philippines is 349,036 PHP (coins.ph). Actual price of 9,788 AUD to PHP is 379,815.82

A Difference of PHP 30,779 or 8.1%
This paves the way for a brand new cryptocurrency to be used for remittance in a large network allowing for reduced fees
for transferring.

*Source: Central Bank of the Philippines

*Source BSP
*averaged from bitcoin.com.au, cointree, coinloft, coinjar
C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

19

Solution: SALPay Token and
Exchange Network
To address these problems, Salarium will create SALPay Tokens (an ERC20 Token working on Ethereum) which it will offer
via a token sale. Salarium will establish a network of exchanges operating in the Philippines and the Region (AUS, SG, JPY,
EU, US) to allow for the buying and selling of its token.
The primary utility of SALPay Tokens is to serve Salarium’s existing customer segment; Small and Medium-sized BPOs
who need to transfer funds to pay their employees through SALPay. Initially in the Philippines where SALPay is already
operating with Salarium, with expansion into the region in 2018.
Salarium’s solution is an extension of its current business. Using the blockchain, a cryptocurrency, and a network of
operated exchanges, SALPay Token will offer a secure, fast, inexpensive way to move money from the markets where
Salarium’s clients earn into the Philippines.

Getting Corporates on Blockchain
The utility of the token and the exchange network is to help move funds around the SALPay financial ecosystem. While
the SALPay tokens will be available on global exchanges, the key to cryptocurrencies success is removing the barrier to
entry to everyone. Many of Salarium’s Corporate Clients are unfamiliar with cryptocurrency and how to buy it and store it.
For corporate clients the solution is perfect, as it will wrap the entire experience for them so that it mimics their current user
experience with Salarium and SALPay.
They will buy Pesos at a locked-in price matching the mid-market rate, SALPay will take a small fee and execute a buyand-sell order between the originating exchange and the Philippines. Putting Pesos into the wallet of SALPay’s corporate
clients.
This transfer will take place near instantly for the client and cost 1% or less.
THE SALPAY FINANCIAL JOURNEY

Outside the Philippines

Client/Employer

SALPay Exchange

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

Inside the Philippines

SALPay Exchange

Freelancer/Employer

20

The Financial Flow of the SALPay Tokens
SALPay’s financial flow for clients is nearly identical to the experience they are already enjoying, streamlining the process
by removing the inefficiency of the extra bank transfer and using the blockchain and the SALPay token to reduce the cost
and time significantly for the funds to reach SALPay. From the Client’s perspective the flow is almost identical before using
SALPay Token and after, except they know no longer require to deal with local currencies.
FINANCIAL FLOW OF SALARIUM AND SALPAY (WITH SALPAY TOKENS)
1

3

2

Client/Employer

4

Cryptocurrency
Exchange

Freelancer/
Employee

Client/Employer
SALPay Wallet

7

Cryptocurrency
Exchange

6

Salarium

5

8

Mastercard
Debit

Bank Transfer

ATM Withdrawal

Purchase of SALPay Tokens by the Company/Employer outside the
Philippines and Getting Funds into the Ecosystem 1 2 3 4
For companies, it is essential that purchasing tokens and getting funds into SALPay are as seamless as possible.
To do this, SALPay’s wallet application will also have access to the exchange network that SALPay is building. Payment
can be made to an in-country partner of SALPay (depending on the market) or through the SALPay Exchange. SALPay
is targeting countries with already clear laws for establishing a cryptocurrency exchange. Australia, Singapore, Cyprus,
Japan and United States will be the initial SALPay exchanges. All have friendly atmospheres or legislation allowing the
operation of an exchange.
Companies will deposit funds to a SALPay account or use a credit card processor, BTC, or ETH to fund their account. They
will choose to either buy tokens or to lock in a rate for Philippine Pesos as SALPay executes a buy-and-sell simultaneously
through the exchange in the Philippines. Once the funds have cleared, companies will see these in their SALPay dashboard.
The client’s SALPay Wallet will be able to hold SALPay Tokens and Philippine Pesos.

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

21

Salarium and SALPay System

5

Clients/employers will use Salarium and SALPay for setting work schedules, tracking work hours, recording screenshots,
and a variety of other time and payroll requirements of a company operating in the Philippines. Clients will use SALPay to
send payments to either freelancers or directly hired employees.
Depending on the exact use case, different product features that would be utilized by the client by the essential nature of
the application would be the same.

Scheduling/Shifting

View and update your company’s working hours, breaks, and other planned activities in calendar or table format. You can
add or edit schedules one by one or in batches. You can also download schedules and use them for reports.

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

22

View and update your company’s working hours, breaks, and other planned activities in calendar or table format. You can
add or edit schedules one by one or in batches. You can also download schedules and use them for reports.

Employee Self Service (Clock-in/Clock-out)

Want to check your balance?

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

23

Computation of Payroll

Payslip Creation

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

24

Sample Payslip

Payslip
PAY RUN

PAY PERIOD

Feb 28, 2017

Jan 26 - Feb 25, 2017
Salary

Kurt Sutton Gross

49,999.73

Basic Pay

juani+dev7kurtsuttongross@example.com

8hrs@288.46/hr
Employee ID
Tax Status
Hourly Rate
Company Name
Date Hired

S
288.46

dept1
rank1

TIN
SSS

MONTHLY

SSS

(-581.30)

HDMF

(-100.00)

PhilHealth

(-437.50)

TAXABLE INCOME

47,134.73

cc1
123-456-789-012
04-7451477-1

HDMF

4177-3254-4787

Philhealth

74-560045512-8

Prepared by

49,999.73

Contributions

2013-09-01

Department
Payroll Cycle

GROSS INCOME

Jst Dev7 Company

Rank
Cost Center

49,999.73

20171019000

Withholding Tax

NET PAY

8,307.19

41,692.54

Jst Test Dev7

Basic Pay
Per Month Salary

49,999.73

Employer Contribution
SSS

1,178.70

SSS EC

30.00

HDMF

100.00

PhilHealth

437.50

Year To Date Figures
Gross Income

49,999.73

Taxable Income

47,134.73

Withholding Tax
Net Pay
SSS Employer
SSS EC Employer

8,307.19
41,692.54
1,178.70
30.00

PhilHealth Employer

437.50

Pag-ibig Employer

100.00

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

25

SALPay Exchange Network

6

SALPay will establish and operate a fully licensed cryptocurrency exchange company the Philippines (the “SALPay
Exchange”). This will be licensed by the Central Bank and capable of buying and selling all cryptocurrency, but will only
focus on SALPay Tokens to maximize liquidity for its client base.
SALPay will be able to provide instant liquidity for converting SALPay Tokens to Philippines Pesos through the SALPay App.
These funds will be immediately accessible through the SALPay Wallet.
SALPay will establish exchanges in the region, starting with Australia and Singapore (Japan, US, EU markets to follow).
MODEL OF SALPAY EXCHANGE
1
Bank Transfer

Receipt

2

Create
Purchase

Employer

Confirm

Salarium
Mobile
Application

Payment

Salarium
Exchange
Server

Confirmation

Payment
Gateway

Bank

2a
Transfer
Approve

3
SALPay Token
Wallet

Fiat Currency
Account

Bank
Account

Verify
Salarium Operation

1a

1

The Employer funds the wallet through bank transfer to an account associated with The Exchange

1a

The Salarium Operations team verifies this transactions

2

The Employer funds their wallet through a payment gateway (using a credit card, for example)

2a

The payment gateway verifies a successful transaction directly with exchange servers

3

Once either (1a) or (2a) is confirmed, the amount of money available may be used to purchase SALPay Tokens
at the current exchange rate. These tokens will be transferred from the Salarium Exchange Wallet to
the Employer’s SALPay Wallet.

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

26

SALPay Wallet and Card

7

8

SALPay’s 3.0 Wallet will be an ERC20 wallet and be able to hold both SALPay Tokens as well as other ERC20
Tokens and will be the only way to connect to the SALPay Exchange Network and buy and sell SALPay tokens
from SALPay.
The wallet also has all the features in the SALPay financial product (in Pthehilippines and other countries in the
future) including financial tracking, paying bills, sending money to local banks, buying pre-paid load and other
digital goods, as well as work with the SALPay loans platform.
The SALPay wallet will be available for Employers, Employees, or anyone in the world, however the SALPay financial services besides buying and selling SALPay Tokens will only be available in markets where SALPay offers.

SALPay already issues a Debit Mastercard program linked
to the SALPay wallet in the Philippines. It plans to offer a
Visa card program as well in the start of 2018.
Every SALPay Wallet holder also receives a SALPay card to
use wherever Mastercard/Visa are accepted. These cards
are also linked to the Philippines ATM network (Bancnet)
and allows the cards to withdraw from over 11,000 ATMs
in the Philippines.
Because SALPay will operate the card and the SALPay
Exchange Network SALPay wallet holders will be able
to use their cards for any purchase with any suported
cryptocurrency on shapeshift (or similar exchange)
SALPay Cards are currently only available to Citizens and
Residents of the Philippines. SALPay is in talks with issuing
banks and card operators in the countries it wants to bring
the SALPay Exchange Network to and plans to have this
available in Singapore and Australia in Q3 of 2018.1

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

27

SALPay Employer Web Application: SAL Wallet

SALPay Employer Web Application: PHP Wallet

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

28

Technical Overview
Salarium and SALPay create an ecosystem by linking Payroll to the SALPay Wallet. Anyone using a SALPay Wallet to
receive payment will be able to access the existing set of solutions, including: debit card access to their account, online
payments, online account and transaction history, online money transfers, loan applications, and more. Salarium is
continually working to add new partners and services to the ecosystem, especially those that bring financial tools to the
unbanked and the under-banked markets in the Philippines and the region.

TECHNICAL DIAGRAM OF SALARIUM AND SALPAY

Employer

HRIS
Time
Attendance
Payroll
Employee Self
Service
Salarium

Disbursement

API Layer

Clock in
Clock out

Biometric Devices

Employees

Account
Transfer
Loans
Bills Payment
Mobile Purchases

Stored Value
System

SALPay

Account
Withdrawal

Mastercard

ATM Network

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

29

The Token
SALPay Tokens are the native currency of Salarium’s payment ecosystem. It is an ERC20-compliant token that will be used
to facilitate transactions between employers and employees (including freelancers). SALPay tokens will be available for
purchase during the ICO, from public exchanges and from the SALPay Exchange Network using the SALPay Wallet App.
Using the SALPay token and the Exchange Network SALPay removes the ineffeciencies facing businesses today when
trasnferring funds for payroll funding. Corporate clients will use their SALPay Wallet to purchase either tokens or take
advantage of the network to instantly transfer funds.
FUNDING PAYROLL WITH SALPAY TOKENS

EMPLOYER
USD WALLET

USD
EXCHANGE

PHP
EXCHANGE

EMPLOYER
PHP WALLET

Loop

PHP
EXCHANGE
Liquidity

Send US $1000
Receive SAL 50,000

Send SAL 50,000

Sell SAL 50,000

Send PHP (US $1,000)

Send PHP (US $1,000)

PHP (US $5,000,000)

Receive SAL
(US $5,000,000)
Sell US $5,000,000

US $5,000,000

Initially, Salarium will offer existing users the option to use SALPay tokens to fund and disburse payroll to their employees.

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

30

Disbursing Funds
Once the company has either Philippines Pesos (for the Philippines, local currency to each territory) or SALPay Tokens
in their in-country wallet, Clients can use the existing Salarium and SALPay applications to process and disburse payroll.
DISBURSING PAYROLL WITH SALPAY TOKENS

EMPLOYER
PHP WALLET

EMPLOYER

EMPLOYEE
PHP WALLET

Trigger Disbursement
Check Balance

Verification

Transfer Funds
Send PHP 10,000

This process is done from with the Salarium and SALPay we application that clients are using to record time and payroll
computation.

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

31

Sale of SALPay Tokens Salarium Initial Coin Offering
Structuring the Token Sale
To enable the business and individuals in Salarium’s network to purchase SALPay Tokens and participate in the expansion
of the SALPay business, it is proposed that Salarium will structure an initial coin offering for issuance of SALPay Tokens
that can be used for exchange purposes or in SALPay’s business for disbursement of salaries and the other uses described
in this Whitepaper. The SALPay Token Sale will be structured as follows:

Token Sale Structure

Fixed Cap Sale - Premined

Technology

Ethereum

Symbol

SAL

Total Token Supply

100,000,000

Token Sale Dates

Nov 27, 2017 - Dec 31, 2017

Token Sale Price

1 SAL = $0.40

Token Sale Structure
Minimum
Contribution

Sale Structure
0.1 Token
ETH (BTC/USD
Equivalent

Method of Contribution

ETH, BTC,USD

Hard Cap

50 Million SALPay Tokens

Minimum Cap

17.5 Million SALPay Tokens

Actual value

Sale Period
The token sale (“Salarium’s Initial Coin Offering”) will be open for participants to purchase SALPay Tokens and transfer
funds between November 27 and December 31, 2017 (the “Sale Period”). The pre-sale period will run from November 22
to November 26. SALPay Tokens (designated as “SALs”) will all be pre-mined on the launch date of the ICO. 100,000,000
SALs will be created using an ERC20 contract (based on the decentralised Ethereum market standard ERC20 token).
Formed within the blockchain and subject to certain conditions as well as to automatic execution upon the occurrence
of predefined criteria and events once issued at closing, SALPay Tokens are expected to be valid indefinitely and are the
property of their respective holders.
C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

32

Conditions and Closing
The Salarium Initial Coin Offering will be subject to
conditions, amongst others, that:
[a] Provide Accurate Contact Details (KYC)
[b] Execute the Sale Agreement
[c] Remit the Purchase Amount
Full details are contained within the Sale Agreement.
Eligible prospective participants who wish to purchase
tokens during the sale period will be required to execute
a Sale Agreement indicating the number of tokens they
wish to purchase and to transfer funds in the applicable
amount [in fIat currency or cryptocurrency in accordance
with the detailed provisions set out in the Sale Agreement]
to the notified account prior to the Sale Period end date
(the “Closing”). Salarium has used the highest standards
to apply security and provide further confidence to
contributors that the distribution of SALPay Tokens
will be in accordance with the applicable smart contract
conditions. Any funds received as a pre-payment for
services to be accessed through the SALPay Tokens will
remain in holding until the distribution of SALPay Tokens
to the eligible participants.

Tokens will be distributed in direct proportion to the
amount paid by the eligible participants to the account
during the Sale Period in accordance with the Sale
Agreement. At Closing, 100,000,000 SALPay Tokens will
be created and distributed and a single SALPay Token
will be valued at $0.40. For equivalent prices in BTC,
the following exchanges will be used; Kraken, Bitstamp,
Bitfinex and Poloniex. SALPay will only accept ETH and
BTC during the Salarium Initial Coin Offering.
SALPay will never issue additional SALPay Tokens postICO, although it is noted that other products could be
issued as the Salarium business continues to expand.
If the conditions to the Salarium Initial Coin Offering are
not met, any funds held at Closing will be returned to
participants and SALPay Tokens will not be issued.
If the conditions are met at Closing but the maximum
number of tokens have not been purchased. SALPay will
destroy (by locking in a public burn wallet) the remaining
tokens.

Following satisfaction of all conditions applicable to the
Salarium Initial Coin Offering, at Closing, the SALPay

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

33

Token Distribution
Reward and
Bounty

Pre-Sale

10%

10%

Exchanges

10%

Employee &
Investors

20%

ICO

50%

•

50% will be sold to the participants during the Sale Period.

•

20% will be awarded to investors and employees of Salarium. They are locked from their portion for a
period of 12 months following the Initial Coin Offering.

•

10% will be used during the pre-sale, if not consumed then these will be added to the Sale Period
percentage

•

10% will be used to provide exchanges (as is the listing requirement of most major exchanges).

•

10% will be used for reward and bounty programs, which are community member who help raise
awareness for the Initial Coin Offering. Any SALPay tokens not used from this allotment will be
destroyed (by locking in a public burn wallet).

During the Token Drop, 100% of the tokens will be alloted to the participants, employees, investors, exchanges and
community, and none will be retained by SALPay.
SALPay Tokens can be purchased directly from SALPay ICO’s site (https://ico.salpay.com) and by following the steps for
the sale

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

34

Within 30 days from the Closing of the Initial Coin Offering, all participants will receive their SALPay Tokens in the wallets
designated during the sale process. SALPay will aim to have this drop before January 15, 2018.
Within 90 days from the ICO, SALPay Tokens will be available in several exchanges around the world to begin trading.
SALPay is already in talks with several global exchanges. Due to the rising popularity of ICOs and Tokensales, many are
unable to commit until post ICO.
From the date of the Token Drop, SALPay is targeting 90 days for allowing the exchange in the Philippines to operate.
SALPay hopes to have minimal speculative trading between the date of the coin drop and the date of the actual start of the
exchanges’ operation in the Philippines.
The majority of the funds SALPay is raising will be used to provide liquidity to the SALPay Exchange Network. SALPay will
distribute 100% of the tokens during the, ICO and after, SALPay will have to buy back tokens from the public to start the
commercial operation of the SALPay Exchange Network. SALPay is targeting US $5 million for the first initial buy-back and
will purchase these SALPay from major exchanges and the public.
After the first buy-back, SALPay will continuously buy tokens to be used in its network from the public market. This will
ensure constant demand for the token inside and outside the network.

Pre-sale & Bonus
A pre-sale will take place between November 22 and November 26 for community members to pre-purchase SALPay
Tokens. During the pre-sale, SALPay will accept fiat currency, and ETH/BTC. To participate please contact us at presale@
salpay.com.
As an incentive for their early contribution, a 5% SALPay Token bonus will be given to participants of the pre-sale.
(Example : 1 ETH = 300 SAL; Pre-sale 1ETH = 315 SAL).
Minimum pre-sale purchase: 1 ETH.

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

35

Use of Funds
Reeserve
Liquidity

20%

Licensing

25%

Development
Liquidity

35%

20%

Liquidity for the SALPay Exchange Network
Primary use of funds from the Initial Coin Offering will be to provide liquidity to the SALPay Exchange Network, SALPay tokens
will be the native currency of SALPay and any SALPay app holder in select markets (Countries or territories with a SALPay
exchange) will be able to sell SALPay Tokens in exchange for their local fiat currency. SALPay will require an initial starting
liquidity to power the exchange network and provide the services to its customers. Assuming the ICO target is reached, SALPay
will allot 27.5 Million USD to provide liquidity for its users. These funds will be viewable on the blockchain (or kept by a financial
institution).

Licensing and Operation of the Exchange Network
The other major spend will be on acquiring licenses for the SALPay Exchange Networks in the Philippines and the Region ,
starting with Singapore and Australia. If the SALPay ICO reaches its target, SALPay will also apply for its EMI (Electronic Money
Institution) license in the Philippines.
Salarium is currently in discussion with the Central Bank of the Philippines and anticipate a smooth registration process once
capital requirements are met. The Philippines Central Bank started granting cryptocurrency exchange licenses in 2017. Though
SALPay can already operate its business of card issuance and stored value wallets through partnerships, the ultimate goal
is to turn SALPay into a fully licensed commercial bank, ensuring that SALPay can provide its services in the Philippines and
expand globally.
In other markets (Australia, Singapore, EU, Japan and United States), SALPay has a legal team in place to handle the licensing,
registration, and ongoing compliance of the exchanges within those markets. SALPay is also in talks with card issuers in these
markets to work with the SALPay wallet application.

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

36

Continued Research and Development
Salarium is still primarily a research and development company, as the two largest departments are Engineering and Product
. Almost all the technology for this project already exists and is operational and commercially available, this is why Salarium
does not require a large budget for development to release the first version of this solution. Salarium wants to continuously
strive to provide high quality solutions in the Philippines and the region for the un-banked and under-banked.

Post-Token Sale Value for Token Holders
The exchange value of the SALPay Token at Closing will be
fixed as specified above. After the Coin Drop and opening
of trading on the SALPay Exchange (and elsewhere), value
will be determined on the open market through such
exchanges.
Salarium and SALPay are already successful in the
Philippines but are still in the infancy of their customer
acquisitions and expects to continue to grow. This growth,
both in the Philippines (Salarium currently only serves 500
out of the 1 Million businesses) and, as it expands into
other markets in the Region, the demand will continue to
rise for its native currency SALPay Tokens, for transfer and
cryptocurrency exchange.
It is expected that SALPay’s use case, business model, and
existing customer demand will ensure that there will be
a demand/supply paradigm resulting in higher exchange
value of the SALPay Tokens over time. This is because
whilst the SALPay business is expanding to service more

businesses and more employees/freelancers, the tokens in
circulation will be required to handle more and more funds
being moved through them. Therefore, value is expected to
rise as demand increases but supply remains limited.
Participants in the ICO will have the advantage of using the
SALPay exchange network at the value at Closing while
new tokens used will be at the current market value.
In the current climate of cryptocurrency, with large amount
of speculative trading taking place it is difficult to predict
how this will affect SALPay tokens in the public market.
SALPay expects that its use case will increase the market
value of its token.
SALPay’s 5 year projections target a year on year increase
in market capitalization, as demand for its services grows
in the Philippines and in future target jurisdictions

PROJECTED MARKET CAP INCREASE

Year 5 target:
US $10 Billion
Market Cap

Year 3 target:
US $1 Billion
Market Cap

Year 4 target:
US $3 Billion
Market Cap

Year 2 target:
US $500 Million
Market Cap
Year 1 target:
US $200 Million
Market Cap

Year 1

Year 2

Year 3

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

Year 4

Year 5

37

Roadmap

Jan 2018 - SALPay Token Drop

Mar 2018 - SALPay 3.0 with
blockchain wallet
Mar 2018 - SALPay Tokens
available in major exchanges
Mar 2018 - SALPay Token
exchange opens in the Philippines
Mar 2018 - SALPay opens first
exchange outside the
Philippines SG
June 2018 - SALPay opens
first exchange in the AUS
Jul 2018 - SALPay opens exchanges in US and EU - SALPay
card and Salarium SG AUS
Dec 2019 - SALPay opens
exchanges in JPY

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

38

Conclusion
Salarium has established a winning fintech solution with its payroll platform and banking services through SALPay, serving
hundreds of companies and thousands of end customers. Customer demand has driven the need for a business model
that allows SALPay to have an even greater reach; providing easy access for international customers into the platform.
SALPay has demonstrated its ability to work with card issuers, banks, and financial services, supporting thousands of
users while turning a complex payment infrastructure into an easy-to-use service for businesses.
SALPay’s business model is simple to understand, and is already applicable to its existing customers. SALPay does not
need to build a new market or customer base to make the SALPay Token useful. The technology and use-cases are already
in place, once the exchanges are set up, this will also provide liquidity to customers and the full suite of services and uses
described in this Whitepaper will become available.
For further information on how to participate in the Salarium Initial Coin Offering and a copy of the Sale Agreement please
visit:

https://www.ico.salpay.com
or visit
https://www.salarium.com
Email:
info@salarium.com
info@salpay.com

C o p y r i g h t © 2 0 1 7 S A L PAY C r y p t o . A l l R i g h t s R e s e r v e d .

39

