SaveNode – Crypto Investing Made Easy
White Paper v1.3

Contents:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Introduction
SaveNode Solution
SaveNode Specification
SaveNode Masternode Reward Structure
Roadmap
Use of funds

Introduction:
With only a small percentage of the population understanding the cryptocurrency space,
and even fewer people investing in it, it’s a rather niche market that we work in. Saying that,
there are many people out there who are interested in knowing more, or starting to invest,
but they don’t know where to start. This isn’t surprising, as you have so many options when
you dig slightly below the surface. You can buy BTC, ETH, or any of the top 4 most widely
adopted coins, or some more risky Alt Coins, you can setup a masternode, or buy into a
shared masternode. Or just stake some coins for a return. Let’s not forget crypto futures
and the longing and shorting of coins. The options are vast, and each one for an outsider or
novice, is a minefield in what to do.
While the likes of Coinbase have made the purchase of the top 4 (+) easy from fiat to crypto,
outside of that, the options for people to buy into the space, or invest, require a much more
in-depth knowledge of the space.

SaveNode Solution:
This is where SaveNode aims itself within the market. Making it easy to invest from your
phone, across multiple different investment types in crypto. The idea is that the SaveNode
app acts as both your wallet, and your investment portfolio. Where you can choose your risk
profile (from high to low), amount you wish to invest, whether reoccurring or one off, and
which types of investments you’d like to make.
We will offer the ability to invest in:
• Top 4 coins
• Alt Coins
• Shared/ Full Masternodes
• Staking
This will be done in phases, to make it easier to add the functionality to the mobile app.
Firstly, we will offer the masternode / shared masternode and staking options within the
app. Bringing simplicity to people to use the app to and get up and running quickly, without
having to deal with any of the overheads it takes to get involved now.
The SaveNode app will use machine learning and AI to analyze the chosen risk profile
options, as well as selected markets, to produce an ROI prediction.
We can do this using algorithms to trigger events when changes occur within the market,
based on the chosen configurations of the user. We can link raw historical coin data with
sentiment analysis through the internet, to help us understand change in the market to
associate with risk levels. This will all happen on the backend and pass on the risk profile to
the user, keeping it simple and easy to use.
Analytics:
When you have your application, you will clearly want to know how your portfolio has
performed. We aim to bring you a great understanding of your data with simple and clear
charts. The ability to filter down into your data, to see what has performed best over what
period is something we want to ensure our users can do.
Why SNO?
While we’ll offer people the ability to use BTC (etc.) as an entry point, we will offer a 20%
bonus for those wishing to use SNO as their core currency.
Returns:
The returns on investment for individuals will be shown based on their risk profile, initial
investment amount and core currency selected. This will be shown to the user through the
app, which will include the SaveNode 25% fee. This is half the fee other apps charge, who
offer anything even remotely similar.
Our aims are to make something as upfront and transparent for our users.

SaveNode Specifications:
Masternode Collateral: Step up
Premine: 300000 SNO
POW end: Block 60
ALGO: XEVAN
RPC Port: 29712

SaveNode Masternodes:
Our masternodes use a sliding collateral scale, which means the higher the block number,
the larger the collateral needed to secure your masternode. This makes sure there is a
consistent ROI on the nodes, as well as aiming to counter any dumping of coins, too.
The structure rewards are as follows:

SaveNode Roadmap:

As we grow the community, our aim remains to continue to push our growth within the
community, while selling our staking packages, and presale masternodes. This will give us
the small runway to be able to do a number of things:
• List on 2 chosen exchanges
• List on Masternodes.online
• Commence development work on the application
• Further marketing to grow the community
We are already working with some designers on the UI of the application in different
versions, from base SNO wallet, staking and masternode options, to integrations of further
currencies to the application.
On top of this, Q4 will see us reaching out to other vendors in the crypto fintech space to
see if we can have any crossover and synergies that will allow some partnerships.
We aim to release the v1 of the app Q1 2019.

Use of Funds:
Premine Allocation

Dev

Marketing

App Project

Community

Bounty

With nearly 50% being spent on the app and development, you can see why if you read the
solution outline. This is something that will require different versions of the app, as we layer
in the technology and its complications.
On top of that, the funds will be used for marketing and community growth. These are both
paramount for the success of the project and its growth.
If you have any questions about the SaveNode project, please contact us on discord, or
email us at hello@savenode.io

