SGPay Platform combines virtual and fiat currencies

into a seamless wallet experience. Earn,

Spend and Play with SGPay Platform.

SGPAY TOKEN WHITEPAPER

www.sgpay.org
Updated January 2018

DISCLAIMER
NOTHING IN THIS WHITEPAPER CONSTITUTES LEGAL, FINANCIAL,
BUSINESS OR TAX ADVICE AND YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN LEGAL,
FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S) BEFORE
ENGAGING IN ANY ACTIVITY IN CONNECTION HEREWITH. NEITHER
BLOCKCHAIN CAPITAL PTE. LTD. (THE COMPANY), ANY OF THE PROJECT
TEAM MEMBERS WHO HAVE WORKED ON THE SGPAY PLATFORM (AS
DEFINED HEREIN) OR PROJECT TO DEVELOP THE SGPAY PLATFORM IN
ANY WAY WHATSOEVER (THE SGPAY TEAM), ANY DISTRIBUTOR/VENDOR
OF SGP (THE DISTRIBUTOR), NOR ANY SERVICE PROVIDER SHALL BE
LIABLE FOR ANY KIND OF DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGE OR LOSS
WHATSOEVER WHICH YOU MAY SUFFER IN CONNECTION WITH ACCESSING
THIS WHITEPAPER, THE WEBSITE AT HTTPS://WWW.SGPAY.ORG/ (THE
WEBSITE) OR ANY OTHER WEBSITES OR MATERIALS PUBLISHED BY THE
COMPANY.
This Whitepaper is intended for general informational purposes only and does not
constitute a prospectus, an offer document, an offer of securities, a solicitation for
investment, or any offer to sell any product, item or asset (whether digital or
otherwise). The information herein below may not be exhaustive and does not imply
any elements of a contractual relationship. There is no assurance as to the accuracy
or completeness of such information and no representation, warranty or undertaking
is or purported to be provided as to the accuracy or completeness of such
information. Where this Whitepaper includes information that has been obtained
from third party sources, the Company and/or the SGPay team have not
independently verified the accuracy or completion of such information. Further, you
acknowledge that circumstances may change and that this Whitepaper may become
outdated as a result; and the Company is under no obligation to update or correct
this document in connection therewith.
This Whitepaper does not constitute any offer by the Company, the Distributor or the
SGPay team to sell any SGP (as defined herein) nor shall it or any part of it nor the
fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any
contract or investment decision. Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be
relied upon as a promise, representation or undertaking as to the future
performance of the SGPay Platform. The agreement between the Distributor and
you, in relation to any sale and purchase of SGP is to be governed by only the
separate terms and conditions of such agreement.

By accessing this Whitepaper or any part thereof, you represent and warrant to the
Company, its affiliates, and the SGPay team as follows:
(a)

in any decision to purchase any SGP, you have not relied on any statement
set out in this Whitepaper;

(b)

you will and shall at your own expense ensure compliance with all laws,
regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable to you (as the case may
be);

(c)

you acknowledge, understand and agree that SGP may have no value, there
is no guarantee or representation of value or liquidity for SGP, and SGP is not
for speculative investment;

(d)

none of the Company, its affiliates, and/or the SGPay team members shall be
responsible for or liable for the value of SGP, the transferability and/or liquidity
of SGP and/or the availability of any market for SGP through third parties or
otherwise; and

(e)

you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible to purchase
any SGP if you are a citizen, national, resident (tax or otherwise), domiciliary
and/or green card holder of a geographic area or country (i) where it is likely
that the sale of SGP would be construed as the sale of a security (howsoever
named) or investment product and/or (ii) in which access to or participation in
the SGP token sale or the SGPay Platform is prohibited by applicable law,
decree, regulation, treaty, or administrative act, and/or (including without
limitation the United States of America, Canada, New Zealand, People's
Republic of China and the Republic of Korea).

All contributions will be applied towards the Company's objects, including without
limitation advancing, promoting the research, design and development of, and
advocacy for a wallet application with wide ranging applications incorporating
disruptive partners and virtual currencies, bringing competent innovative solutions to
the use of cryptocurrency for payments.
The Company, the Distributor and the SGPay team do not and do not purport to
make, and hereby disclaims, all representations, warranties or undertaking to any
entity or person (including without limitation warranties as to the accuracy,

completeness, timeliness or reliability of the contents of this Whitepaper or any other
materials published by the Company). To the maximum extent permitted by law, the
Company, the Distributor, their related entities and service providers shall not be
liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind,
in tort, contract or otherwise (including, without limitation, any liability arising from
default or negligence on the part of any of them, or any loss of revenue, income or
profits, and loss of use or data) arising from the use of this Whitepaper or any other
materials published, or its contents (including without limitation any errors or
omissions) or otherwise arising in connection with the same. Prospective purchasers
of SGP should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties (including
financial and legal risks and uncertainties) associated with the SGP token sale, the
Company, the Distributor and the SGPay team.
The information set out in this Whitepaper is for community discussion only and is
not legally binding. No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal
commitment in relation to the acquisition of SGP, and no virtual currency or other
form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper. The agreement
for sale and purchase of SGP and/or continued holding of SGP shall be governed by
a separate set of Terms and Conditions or Token Purchase Agreement (as the case
may be) setting out the terms of such purchase and/or continued holding of SGP
(the Terms and Conditions), which shall be separately provided to you or made
available on the Website. In the event of any inconsistencies between the Terms
and Conditions and this Whitepaper, the Terms and Conditions shall prevail.
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out
in this Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws,
regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or
dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory
requirements or rules have been complied with.
This is only a conceptual whitepaper describing the future development goals for the
SGPay Platform to be developed. This Whitepaper may be amended or replaced
from time to time. There are no obligations to update this Whitepaper or to provide
recipients with access to any information beyond what is provided in this
Whitepaper.
All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press releases or
in any place accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by the
Company, the Distributor and/or the SGPay team may constitute forward-looking

statements (including statements regarding intent, belief or current expectations with
respect to market conditions, business strategy and plans, financial condition,
specific provisions and risk management practices). You are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements given that these statements
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause
the actual future results to be materially different from that described by such
forward-looking statements, and no independent third party has reviewed the
reasonableness of any such statements or assumptions. These forward-looking
statements are applicable only as of the date of this Whitepaper and the Company
and the SGPay team expressly disclaims any responsibility (whether express or
implied) to release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect
events after such date.
The use of any company and/or platform names or trademarks herein (save for
those which relate to the Company or its affiliates) does not imply any affiliation with,
or endorsement by, any third party. References in this Whitepaper to specific
companies and platforms are for illustrative purposes only.
This Whitepaper may be translated into a language other than English and in the
event of conflict or ambiguity between the English language version and translated
versions of this Whitepaper, the English language version shall prevail. You
acknowledge that you have read and understood the English language version of
this Whitepaper.
No part of this Whitepaper is to be copied, reproduced, distributed or disseminated
in any way without the prior written consent of the Company.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

7
THE BIG PICTURE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

8
PUSH TOWARDS E-PAYMENTS IN
SINGAPORE READY MARKET - A PERFECT
LAUNCHPAD
CRYPTOCURRENCIES IN SINGAPORE
A CONFLUENCE OF FACTORS
CURRENT COMPETITORS
GOAL OF THE SGPAY PLATFORM . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

13
SGPAY PLATFORM-- CREATING A 3RD GENERATION WALLET
RELATIVE PROJECT VALUATIONS

SGPAY PLATFORM-- 3RD GENERATION MOBILE WALLET . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

15
VALUE PROPOSITION
SGPAY TOKENS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

20
TOKEN OVERVIEW
LAUNCH SUMMARY
TOKEN PROPERTIES
FEATURES OF TOKEN AND ECOSYSTEM
ROADMAP . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

24
SGPAY TEAM . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

26
APPENDIX . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

28

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

The SGPay Token will be issued as ERC-20 standard compliant digital tokens on
the Ethereum blockchain. The SGPay Token (or SGP in short) is built as a utility
token to be used on the SGPay Platform. It is envisioned to be adopted by the
technology partners of the SGPay team and other aﬃliated merchants.
SGP is built on the Ethereum blockchain because this brings advantages such as
decentralisation, security, transparency and lower transaction costs. Ethereum is
also the preferred blockchain network of many large corporations such as Microsoft
and UBS who are part of the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance.
The SGPay Platform is a 3rd generation e-wallet and e-payment mobile application that
allows users to buy and sell virtual currencies, or make purchases using both virtual
currencies and fiat currencies (the SGPay Platform). The objective of the SGPay team
is to make the SGPay Platform the leading e-wallet and e-payments mobile application
for everyone living in Singapore and the region. Customers are envisaged to be able to
pay for their groceries, purchase movie tickets, book flights and more with the usage of
the SGPay Platform. They will also be able to select their preferred modes of payment,
either in fiat currencies or virtual currencies at selected merchants.
Singapore makes a good launch pad for the development and execution of the
functionalities of the SGPay Platform. Many payment providers have ignored Singapore
as a potential market due to its relatively small market size. However, they have failed to
recognise the capacity of Singapore to quickly adopt innovative technology due to its
highly educated workforce as well as tech savvy population. Singapore is also a leading
financial centre in Asia with one of the highest GDP per capita in the world. The
Singapore government has recently advocated a national push towards e-payments
which is projected to increase the chances of investments and acquisitions occurring in
this sector relative to other sectors.

After establishing the SGPay Platform in Singapore, the focus will be shifted to
nearby overseas markets such as Malaysia and Indonesia. Indonesia is the 4th most
populous country in the world and the South East Asia region is poised to see
tremendous growth. E-commerce and e-payments are also growing at an increasing
rate in the region, posing a great opportunity for FinTech firms.
To encourage further adoption of the SGPay Platform, additional business platforms will
be developed to support the usage of SGP. These include SGReward that will tie in with
the SGPay Platform to oﬀer monetised incentive points as well as SGFund that is
intended to help financially support the expansion of small and medium enterprises
(SMEs).

THE BIG PICTURE

PUSH TOWARDS E-PAYMENTS IN SINGAPORE
Singapore has the “right ingredients” to be a Smart Nation, but it lags behind other
cities in certain areas such as electronic payments, said Prime Minister Lee Hsien
Loong.
The above statement highlights the unified push of the country towards e-payments
which is projected to open up more opportunities for new payment platforms to
flourish.
Payment systems which integrate new technologies and trends such as virtual
currencies have a much larger chance of oﬀering a unique value proposition versus
the current market incumbents.
QR Code Payments are also being brought into the limelight. A newly formed
payments council, set up to look into ways to advance e-payments in Singapore, has
created a task force specifically to develop a common QR code for Singapore
(SGQR) that could be used for e-payments Island wide The task force aims to
introduce a standardised QR Code system that can be used by any payment
application so that confusion can be avoided among consumers.

The Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) has advocated fiercely for a true
‘cashless society’ though the above measures.

READY MARKET – A PERFECT LAUNCHPAD
ELECTRONIC PAYMENT

MOBILE PAYMENT

42%

22%
17%
13%

10%

9%
3%

ID

3%

2%

MY

PH

3%

3%

1%
SG

TH

VN

ID

MY

PH

SG

TH

VN

Source: World Bank, 2011

The chart above highlights the trend of mobile payments in Singapore – which
already holds a substantial lead over other regional markets. Though small in size,
the population of Singapore has shown a much higher readiness to embrace new
trends in both mobile and electronic payments compared to neighbouring countries
such as Malaysia, Philippines, Thailand and Vietnam. This is due to the mature
technology field here as well as the fact that every Singaporean owns 3.3 handheld
devices (a number that includes mobile phones).
The market has a ready audience but has not found a true integrated payments
platform that leverages on trends that have found a more mature foothold worldwide.
These include payments by QR Code highlighted above, in addition to integrated
services straight on the platform. This trend is highlighted by the dual success of
AliPay in China and PayTM in India.

These platforms have become giants in their own right and currently oﬀer much more
than the basic payments functionality. AliPay for example, oﬀers insurance, payment
of utilities bills, purchase of movie tickets, and has its own shopping mall all within
the same application. In the view of these developments, it can be said that the
current payments infrastructure and ambitions of the current Singaporean market
leaders are severely lacking.

CRYPTOCURRENCIES IN SINGAPORE
Singapore has rapidly emerged as a preferred hub for cryptocurrencies. Its fintechfriendly status, government grants and accommodative stand towards Initial Coin
Oﬀerings (ICO) has made it a favourite for fintech firms coming into Singapore. MAS
is also taking an accommodative approach under which current compliance and
securities laws still apply while considering specialised regulations for future
implementation.
The cryptocurrency community in Singapore is also quite active and this leads to an
emerging market for providers of services related to blockchain technologies.
However, the market is not mature yet and many providers are also concentrating on
overseas markets (similar to the situation of the e-payments market).
There exists an opportunity to normalise, dominate and create a unique selling
proposition (USP) for this project to succeed based on the current environment.

A CONFLUENCE OF FACTORS
This drive to build a ‘3rd generation’ wallet is highlighted by the 3 factors above:
• The push by the government towards e-payments and a ‘cashless’ society will
provide much needed common infrastructure and support to the SGPay
Platform.
• The lack of a current payments platform that matches or comes close to the
success of AliPay in China and PayTM in India.
• The regulatory friendly approach of MAS towards cryptocurrencies in Singapore
which will help general level of acceptance and the adoption drive for the SGPay
Platform.

CURRENT COMPETITORS
NETS Electronic Transaction Value (In Billions SGD)

2016
2015
2014
20

21

22

23

24

NETSPay – The incumbent leader in the payments field is slowly embracing the
culture of cashless integrated payments. Their strength is in their wide point of sales
(POS) legacy system that currently number over 37,000 merchant outlets. Their
application also allows users to receive special oﬀers from merchants. See above for
a chart on how big mobile payments are in Singapore.
DBS PayLah – A bank payments application by the Development Bank of Singapore
(DBS) that allows users to perform fund transfers via mobile phone number. They
application also allows users to perform and request funds transfers, pay bills and
donate money. However, similar to NETSPay it lacks a wider integration of services
that will make it much more useful to consumers.
CoinHako – The most popular local cryptocurrency wallet that allows users to
transfer fiat funds in for the purchase of Bitcoin and Ethereum. However, the wallet
suﬀers from high prices relative to the rest of the market, multiple downtimes as well
as a lack of a mobile application.
The SGPay team aims to put the SGPay Platform in the hands of everyone and this
plays well from a consumer to merchant angle. As all merchants are consumers in
some way but not all consumers are merchants, the SGPay team believes it is
important to foster customer integration much more than merchant integration.

Moreover, merchant integration can be fostered more easily once the SGPay
Platform have a large user base. The current focus of payment solution providers on
providing Point-Of-Sale (POS) systems to merchants is creating a very saturated
market that provides consumers a confusing array of competing solutions at the
payment point.
It is believed that the future of merchant integration lies in the same application that
consumers will be using their wallet platform on. Such integration would also mean
QR Codes will have an important role to play.
BLOCKCHAIN CAPITAL PTE. LTD. and its partners will pursue a primarily mobile
strategy in order to develop assets that can cater well to the needs of the market.

GOAL OF THE SGPAY PLATFORM

SGPAY PLATFORM-- CREATING A 3RD GENERATION WALLET
The E-payments Field has great promise
The E-Payments industry holds great promise for firms who are able to secure a
solid foothold in the market. Cue the valuation case for MC Payments – which was
recently acquired for US$59 million (S$80 million)
The sector itself holds great promise as the next milestone for the industry would be
a 3rd generation wallet platform that hosts payments, cryptocurrency transactions as
well as integrated services.
Even a market player that is 2nd or 3rd in the industry would still generate
substantial interest from prospective buyers and collaborators. This is due to the
current underdeveloped payments industry in Singapore.
The SGPay Platform aims to build a strong unique selling proposition (USP) through its
integrated services and through partnerships with both technological innovators and
traditional firms. Potential partnerships with at least one of the local banks is currently
being explored.

From the perspective of the SGPay team, it is believed that traditional money still
has a place beside virtual currencies and a partnership would provide much more
value to consumers in general.
The integration of traditional market sectors such as insurance, general retail,
transport, travel and recreational industries on the SGPay Platform is projected to
generate much more support and potential revenue compared to outdated payment
models. This brings us next to the relative valuations of blockchain projects in
Singapore.

RELATIVE PROJECT VALUATIONS
Singapore has been a hotbed of blockchain projects due to a regulatory friendly
environment. The following is a non-exhaustive list of projects, the current market
price of all issued tokens, as well as a short summary. The tickers for each
respective project will be listed beside their name. All figures are accurate as of 13th
December 2017 and will change depending on market conditions.
• DigixDao [DGD] – US$275m worth of issued tokens
A gold-backed token built on the Ethereum blockchain. DGX represents a store
of value on the blockchain and their token event took place in 2016, raising
US$5.5 million.
• TenX [PAY] – US$255m worth of issued tokens
TenX is built in partnership with credit card companies to put cryptocurrencies
on your card. This is done through liquidity providers which handles multiple
assets oﬄine. TenX conducted their token event in June 2017 and managed to
raise US$80 million.
• Kyber Network [KNC] – US$190m worth of issued tokens
Kyber Network is a new system that is on-chain and allows the easy conversion
and exchange of digital assets. This mitigates users risk when trading
cryptocurrencies. The sale of Kyber Network Crystals managed to raise US$60
million in September 2017.
• SGPay Token [SGP] – US$1m worth of issued tokens
SGP works on the 3rd generation payment wallet the SGPay Platform. The
creation of a 3rd generation wallet aims to integrate cryptocurrencies, epayments and other services on the blockchain.

SGPAY PLATFORM—
3RD GENERATION MOBILE WALLET

SGPay Logo

VALUE PROPOSITION
Problem
The E-Payments industry holds great promise for firms who are able to secure a
solid foothold in the market. Cue the valuation case for MC Payments – which was
recently acquired for US$59 million (S$80 million).
The sector holds great promise as the next milestone for the industry would be a 3rd
generation wallet platform that hosts payments, cryptocurrency transactions as well
as integrated services.
Even a market player that is 2nd or 3rd in the industry would still generate interest
from prospective buyers and collaborators. This is due to the currently
underdeveloped payments industry here.
The SGPay Platform aims to build a strong unique selling proposition (USP) through
integrated services and through partnerships with both technological innovators and
traditional firms. The SGPay team is also exploring potential partnerships with at least
one of the local banks.

From the perspective of the SGPay team, it is believed that traditional money still
has a place beside virtual currencies and a partnership would provide much more
value to consumers in general.
The integration of traditional sectors of insurance, general retail, transport, travel and
recreational industries on the SGPay Platform is projected to generate much more
support and potential revenue compared to outdated payment models. This brings
us next to the relative valuations of blockchain projects in Singapore.

Solution
The introduction of the SGPay Platform and its tokens helps to solve these problems
and promote the growth of virtual currencies in Singapore and Asia. The ultimate
beneficiaries of this improvement would be the early adopters of cryptocurrency.
Firstly, the SGPay Platform is designed to be an e-wallet that allows users to buy
and sell virtual currencies. It has an inbuilt incentive system that provides lower
transaction fees to users who hold more SGP. The SGPay Platform will allow its
users to also make transactions using its tokens, and to pay for value-added
services on the platform.
Secondly, the addition of the SGPay Platform into the payments ecosystem also
provides users greater choice and diversity for payments in Singapore and Asia.
There is a lesser likelihood of any one e-wallet gaining monopoly power and
imposing unfavourable terms on users.
Thirdly, the SGPay Platform will advocate the use of cryptocurrency for payments
regionally. This creates a more familiar environment for users who are already
comfortable with using e-payment apps. Now that cryptocurrencies are promoted
and supported on a popular payments application, the use of them is projected to
increase correspondingly.
The SGPay Platform will be marketed as a ‘normal’ payments platform so that users
of the platform who are not familiar with cryptocurrencies will be encouraged to dip
their toes in it. This strategy is projected to enable the SGPay Platform to capture a
large portion of the payments market that would not normally purchase
cryptocurrencies.

Full Feature Set
• Accessible from mobile devices on both Android and Apple iOS
• Decentralised tokens on the blockchain
• ‘Cold-Storage’ style wallet protects up to 99% of crypto-assets stored on the
SGPay Platform
• Support for transactions involving cryptocurrencies such as SGP, Bitcoin and
Ether
• Support for deposit/withdrawal of funds denominated in Singapore Dollars
• APIs built to support merchant and user funds exchange
• Full access for users over their private keys (platform will not store keys)
• Support for debit and credit cards during the e-payment phase
• Deep integration with industry leaders from the Insurance, Travel and other fields
• Monetised incentive system built into the platform

• Support for locally developed cryptocurrencies such as Kyber Network Crystals,
Zilliqa Tokens and more.

The full feature set of the SGPay Platform will be developed in stages. For a more
detailed look of when each feature will be implemented throughout the development
phase please check out the roadmap in the later part of this whitepaper.
The SGPay Platform is looking to support tokens from other locally developed
blockchain projects such as DigixDao, Kyber Network and Zilliqa. This is intended to
help to make their tokens more liquid, accessible and also foster closer technical
connections between the SGPay Platform and their projects.

Project Risks
There exists great promise in the e-payments and wallet fields that have been
espoused in the earlier parts of the whitepaper. You acknowledge and agree that
there are numerous risks associated with purchasing SGP, holding SGP, and using
SGP for participation in the SGPay Platform. In the worst scenario, this could lead to
the loss of all or part of the SGP which had been purchased.

• Banks – Recently, many wallet providers in Singapore have had their accounts
closed without reason. Banks have started to push back against cryptocurrency
wallet providers and providers of other services by closing their accounts as they
see them as a threat to their version of a proper financial system. The SGPay team
has identified several provisions or fall-back plans in the event the SGPay Platform
is targeted. The very essence of the project as a hybrid system (which integrates
card payments, partnerships and cryptocurrencies) is projected to lessen the risk of
unfavourable treatment from the banks but the SGPay team is not taking any
chances. The SGPay Platform is also exploring a partnership with at least one of
the local banks.

• Regulatory Risk - There is a chance that MAS may impose new regulations on
current and new blockchain-based projects. The current stance of MAS now is
to adopt a ‘wait-and-see’ approach and let existing regulations handle current
cryptocurrencies. MAS itself has been experimenting with blockchain
technology, most notably in ‘Project Ubin’. SGP has properties like a utility token
so it is not likely to be subject to existing securities regulations. In spite of all
these developments, the SGPay team is always on the lookout for any potential
changes to MAS stance on cryptocurrencies. The regulatory status of SGP and
distributed ledger technology is unclear or unsettled in many jurisdictions. The
regulation of virtual currencies has become a primary target of regulation in all
major countries in the world. It is impossible to predict how, when or whether
regulatory agencies may apply existing regulations or create new regulations
with respect to such technology and its applications, including SGP and/or the

SGPay Platform. Regulatory actions could negatively impact SGP and/or the
SGPay Platform in various ways. The Company (or its affiliates) may cease
operations in a jurisdiction in the event that regulatory actions, or changes to law
or regulation, make it illegal to operate in such jurisdiction, or commercially
undesirable to obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) to operate in such
jurisdiction.

• Licensing Risk – The SGPay team is planning for the primary wallet platform
not to fall under any current regulations and/or requirements. However, there
exists some licensing risk as MAS develops new regulations and/or safeguards
with regards to current wallets and service providers.
• Failure to develop – There is the risk that the development of the SGPay
Platform will not be executed or implemented as planned, for a variety of
reasons, including without limitation the event of a decline in the prices of any
digital asset, virtual currency or SGP, unforeseen technical difficulties, and
shortage of development funds for activities.
• Security weaknesses – Hackers or other malicious groups or organisations
may attempt to interfere with SGP and/or the SGPay Platform in a variety of
ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial of service attacks,
consensus-based attacks, Sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. Furthermore,
there is a risk that a third party or a member of the Company or its affiliates may
intentionally or unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure
of SGP and/or the SGPay Platform, which could negatively affect SGP and/or
the SGPay Platform. Further, the future of cryptography and security innovations
are highly unpredictable and advances in cryptography, or technical advances
(including without limitation development of quantum computing), could present
unknown risks to SGP and/or the SGPay Platform by rendering ineffective the
cryptographic consensus mechanism that underpins that blockchain protocol.
• Other risks – In addition, the potential risks briefly mentioned above are not
exhaustive and there are other risks (as more particularly set out in the Terms
and Conditions) associated with your purchase, holding and use of SGP,
including those that the Company cannot anticipate. Such risks may further
materialise as unanticipated variations or combinations of the aforementioned
risks. You should conduct full due diligence on the Company, its affiliates and
the SGPay team, as well as understand the overall framework, mission and
vision for the SGPay Platform prior to purchasing SGP.

SGPAY TOKENS

TOKEN OVERVIEW
The native digital cryptographically-secured utility token of the SGPay Platform,
SGPay (SGP), is a major component of the ecosystem on the SGPay Platform. SGP
will be issued as ERC-20 standard compliant digital tokens on the Ethereum
blockchain, and is designed to be used on the SGPay Platform, associated business
platforms and partner merchant outlets. SGP holders enjoy lower transaction fees
when buying or selling virtual currencies on the SGPay Platform. The Distributor of
SGP shall be an affiliate of the Company.
SGP is a non-refundable functional utility token which will be used as the unit of
exchange between participants on the SGPay Platform. The goal of introducing SGP
is to provide a convenient and secure mode of payment and settlement between
participants who interact within the ecosystem on the SGPay Platform. SGP does
not in any way represent any shareholding, participation, right, title, or interest in the
Company, its affiliates, or any other company, enterprise or undertaking, nor will
SGP entitle token holders to any promise of fees, dividends, revenue, profits or
investment returns, and are not intended to constitute securities in Singapore or any
relevant jurisdiction. SGP may only be utilised on the SGPay Platform, and
ownership of SGP carries no rights, express or implied, other than the right to use
SGP as a means to enable usage of and interaction with the SGPay Platform.
SGP are designed to be consumed, and that is the goal of the SGP token sale. In
fact, the project to develop the SGPay Platform would fail if all SGP holders simply
held onto their SGP and did nothing with it.

LAUNCH SUMMARY
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Token Name: SGPay Token [SGP]
Total Supply: 6.9 million
Total Public Supply: 2 million
Pre-Contribution Period: 1st Feb to 14th Feb 2018
Price of Token: US$0.40 each for Pre-Contribution Event, US$0.50 each for
Main-Contribution Period
Main-Contribution Period: 1st Mar to 31st Mar 2018
Maximum supply of issued tokens: Up to US$1 million
Minimum Contribution: 0.1 ETH
Maximum Contribution: 100 ETH

• Accepted Currencies: Ether (ETH)
• KYC/Whitelisting: Yes
*For institutional and/or large contributors – please contact us directly at
hello@sgpay.org*
The contributions in the token sale will be held by the Distributor (or its affiliate) after
the token sale, and contributors will have no economic or legal right over or
beneficial interest in these contributions or the assets of that entity after the token
sale.
To the extent a secondary market or exchange for trading SGP does develop, it
would be run and operated wholly independently of the Company, the Distributor, the
sale of SGP and the SGPay Platform. Neither the Company nor the Distributor will
create such secondary markets nor will either entity act as an exchange for SGP.
In particular, you understand and accept that SGP:
(a)

is non-refundable and cannot be exchanged for cash (or its equivalent value in
any other virtual currency) or any payment obligation by the Company or any
affiliate;

(b)

does not represent or confer on the token holder any right of any form with
respect to the Company (or any of its affiliates) or its revenues or assets,
including without limitation any right to receive future dividends, revenue,
shares, ownership right or stake, share or security, any voting, distribution,
redemption, liquidation, proprietary (including all forms of intellectual property),
or other financial or legal rights or equivalent rights, or intellectual property
rights or any other form of participation in or relating to the SGPay Platform,
the Company, the Distributor and/or their service providers;

(c)

is not intended to represent any rights under a contract for differences or
under any other contract the purpose or pretended purpose of which is to
secure a profit or avoid a loss;

(d)

is not intended to be a representation of money (including electronic money),
security, commodity, bond, debt instrument or any other kind of financial
instrument or investment;

(e)

is not a loan to the Company or any of its affiliates, is not intended to
represent a debt owed by the Company or any of its affiliates, and there is no
expectation of profit; and

(f)

does not provide the token holder with any ownership or other interest in the
Company or any of its affiliates.

TOKEN PROPERTIES
• Initial Limited Public Supply of up to 2,000,000
• Fixed Supply Forever (No inflation)
• Utility token on the platform(s). SGP would have significant utility in the usage
and operation of the SGPay Platform, being used for payment for value-added
services such as those oﬀered by the partners of the SGP Platform, as well as
entitle token holders to obtain lower transactional fees.

FEATURES OF TOKEN AND ECOSYSTEM
• Initial supply of SGP of up to US$1,000,000
• In relation to fintech – the Company would first develop the wallet to exploit a
gap in the market. Currently, there are no wallet applications with wide ranging
applications incorporating disruptive partners and virtual currencies. The SGPay
Platform aims to exploit this gap by going into development in stages to bring a
competent innovative solution to the problem. Each stage is intended to bring
with it a potential new user base & growth through aggressive marketing &
promotions. The more popular the SGPay Platform becomes, the greater the
usage of SGP.
• There will be a limit on the amount of funds a single person can contribute to
the public sale. The limit would be set at 100 Ether, which is approximately
US$100,000 on this date. This will prevent ‘whales’ from controlling the floating
token circulation and to allow more participants to join in the token sale.
• Zero Inflation. The SGP Platform protocol would not allow further issuance of
SGP.
• Dynamic pricing. The SGPay team has decided that in order to be fair to
contributors during the distribution event, there will not be a strict exchange rate
with ETH to determine the number of tokens one receives at the time one
chooses to contribute his/ her ETH. If, by the end of the contribution event, the
value of ETH is more than what it was when one first contributed, a potentially
higher amount of SGP will be distributed (at the discretion of the Distributor).
The confirmed distribution amounts would be processed by the end of the
distribution period.

ROADMAP

The development of the system of SGPay Platform is already in progress. Following
is an overview of the project planning breakdown. With its expected completion by
May 2018, the launch of the initial version of the system is planned to occur by Jul
2018.

• Creation of Team

• Intensive Adoption Drive

• Concept Development

• Launch of e-payments function

• Legal Structure / Framework

• Community Marketing

• Platform Development

• Support for more tokens

• Blockchain Development

• Strategic Partnerships

Phase 1 (2H 2017)

Phase 2 (1H 2018)

Phase 3 (2H 2018)

Phase 4 (1H 2019)

• Confirm Advisory Board

• NFC, CC, QR integrations

• Platform Prototype

• API and SDK capabilities

• Token sale

• Merchant Partnerships

• Listing of SGPay Tokens on Exchanges
• Launch of e-wallet function

Phase I (2H 2017) – Prototype Stage
•
•
•
•
•
•

Prototyping diﬀerent various user interfaces
Optimising the best user experience for the application
Coding the wireframe for the platform
Seeking of various liquidity partners for the platform
Defining prototype functionality
Establish prototype objectives

Goal: To create a seamless, secure, yet expansive prototype that has the ability to
add much more functionality into the platform in future

Phase 2 (1H 2018) – Launch of Beta + Initial Release Version
•
•
•
•
•

Evaluate and refine prototype
Debugging and user-experience testing
Full systems development initiated
Full e-wallet functionality and support for 3 currencies
‘Incentive’ algorithm based on SGP built-in

Goal: Launch of a bug-free, excellent mobile application with e-wallet functionality
built-in together with suﬃcient liquidity and transaction incentives based on the
amount of SGP being held by each customer

Phase 3 (2H 2018) – Addition of Payments functionality
•
•
•
•
•

Launch of e-payments functionality
Support for debit/credit cards
Potential support for more locally developed tokens
Intensive Adoption Drive
Lay groundwork for creation of APIs for partner services

Goal: Addition of e-payments functionality such that the platform can reach out to a
much bigger pool of people and to expedite the growth of its user base

Phase 4 (1H 2019) – Partner Services API
• To partner with various technological providers to enhance the use cases of this
product
• This will include insurance company tie-ups, mobile company tie-ups and
partnerships with other big firms in other sectors
• This is aimed to open up whole new users for this wallet application and make it a
truly all-in-one platform
Eventually, the SGPay Platform is projected to evolve into an All-In-One (AIO)
platform that will rival the functionalities of AliPay in China and/or PayTM in India.

SGPAY TEAM

Deng Guangyuan
CEO
Entrepreneur with over 8 years
of experience in various industries.
Managing Director of 3 start-ups.

John Lim

Sufi Yusof

Bryan Ho

LEAD STRATEGIC DEVELOPMENT
Founder of Unibly, a technology
startup, and former program manager
for various start-up accelerators.

LEAD BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Founder of various start-ups and
business manager for both
Beamworks and Asia Coders.

LEAD MARKETING DEVELOPMENT
Experienced entrepreneur with strong
expertise in digital marketing and
customer relationship management.

Vishal Maheshwari

Sumit Rajput

Sanjeevi Acharya

LEAD PLATFORM DEVELOPMENT
A seasoned professional with more than
7 years experience in developing
enterprise solutions for platforms.

BLOCKCHAIN DEVELOPER
A blockchain programmer
with over 3 years of experience in
Solidity coding.

UI / UX DEVELOPER
Sanjeevi has deep experience in
helping platforms design a more
seamless interface and creating an
excellent user experience.

Rolf Haudenschild

Christel Quek

ADVISER
A Swiss qualified lawyer who currently
runs his own compliance practice.
Strong legal and regulatory background.

ADVISER
Co-founder at BOLT global and CMO
of Zilliqa – the next-generation high
throughput blockchain platform

ADVISER
A technologist at heart who believes
innovation is the key to success.
Has great experience setting up
entire engineering and product teams.

Farhan Firdaus

Joelle Pang

Jenna Park

ADVISER
General Manager at Agrivo. Former COO
for FDC Dental Group and Representative
of Singapore to the European Union (EU).

ADVISER
Head of Regional Business Development
at SPH Digital and FastJobs Asia.
Successfully exited several start-ups
at multi-million dollar valuations.

ADVISER
Founder of Pulse9 Studio which
specialises in AI technologies in
chatbots, statistics and data analysis.

Ankur Maheshwari

CONTACT & SUPPORT
Email: hello@sgpay.org

SGTOKEN | WHITEPAPER

21

APPENDIX

APPENDIX A - KEY TERMINOLOGY
Blockchain Technology
Blockchain is a revolutionary technology that stores data in series of records termed
as blocks. These blocks utilise the power of cryptographic technology for the
purpose of security. Each block in a blockchain has the following three components:
• Hash pointer - A hash function that allows mapping of inconsistent data to a
bit string is implemented in the blocks. This mathematical function makes it
impossible for hackers to make any alterations in the blockchain
• Timestamp - A Timestamp is used to keep track of block creation time
• Transaction Data - The overall data related to a transaction
Blockchain technology enables internet users to transfer digital assets securely and
safely with anyone and everyone. All the people in the network are aware about the
transaction but the security aspect prevents anyone from changing or modifying the
data. This creates a decentralised system which is convenient for almost all industry
verticals including Medical, Government, Enterprises, Financial institutions etc.

Cryptocurrencies
Cryptocurrency, often termed as crypto, is a digital asset which is used as currency
by people and organisations. They can be purchased and managed by individuals
and organisations with the help of private keys. A digital private key allows access to
records of encrypted transactions on decentralised blockchain ledgers.
A blockchain ledger (series of blocks functioning together) is a publicly accessible
and immutable record of transaction that needs a consensus of diﬀerent network
nodes in order to validate transactions. A digital crypto asset finds its value on the
basis of its supply and demand in the organic market.
Due to it being easily transferable, digital assets hold flexibility and are treated as an
equivalent to physical currency in terms of exchange of goods or services.
Cryptocurrencies are proven as a more feasible form of making payments because
of higher flexibility and therefore, are also being considered as the future of
transactions globally.
With the high demand and increasing value in the markets, many Fintech solutions
are being developed in order to maintain this growth trajectory.

APPENDIX B – SYSTEM WORKFLOWS
System Flowcharts
AUTHENTICATION MODULE

Start

User see
login/signup screen

Splash Screen

Direct log-in with Touch ID

User input name,
mobile number

Sign-up

Log-in with mobile number

Touch ID to
login or pin

User input
mobile number

Account
already exist

Yes

No
Show error
message

Enter OTP /
Resend OTP

Account exist
No
Yes
Enter OTP /
Resend OTP

Show error
message

Show error
message

Is OTP correct

No

Enter pin &
Is OTP correct
No

Success message

Dashboard

Stop

record fingerprint

Detailed description of authentication module flowchart diagram:
• Users attempt to log into the system either via direct pin or touch ID or mobile
number
• In case of an already existing account, user is validated and allowed to proceed
further
• Unregistered users attempting to perform transactions initiate the registration
process
• Upon successful registration, an OTP is received by the user to validate the process
• Once the user enters correct OTP in the system, a success message is generated,
and the user is navigated to the functioning screen

DASHBOARD

Start
User Profile name,
Email, QR Code

Notifications
Dashboard
Show balance of all
currencies with live
updates
Transactions – All,
Pay, Sell, Receive,
Add, Exchange

Left menu –
Settings, Support,
T&C, Security

Detailed description of dashboard module flowchart diagram:
• Upon successful registration in the system, users are redirected to the dashboard
or main screen of the system
• The main screen/dashboard will show balances of all the approved currencies
according to their live updates

• Dashboard will provide users with the options of viewing profile, notifications,
transactions
• Along with these, the user can also access options like settings, support and
security by clicking on left menu
SEND / PAY / TRANSFER MODULE

Start

Exchange Bitcoin
with Ether

Dashboard

Show error
message

Is logged-in?

No

Show Login/
Signup screen

Enter the Fiat
tokens value

Ask for the Fingerprint
confirmation or pin

Fingerprint or
pin matched

Show error
message

Show error

No

message

Suﬃcient
Fiat is not available

No

Yes

Is amount larger?
No
Yes
Enter OTP /
Resend OTP

Show error
message

Is OTP correct?
No

Success Screen

Stop

Detailed description of Send/Pay/Transfer module flowchart diagram:
• The user chooses the option of transfer from the dashboard in order to exchange
money. (using an exchange of Bitcoin with Eth in this example)
• User chooses the option of exchanging Bitcoin with Eth
• The system redirects user to next step of entering fiat tokens if the user is logged
in to the system
• In case, the user is not logged in, he/she will be redirected to the login screen
• For proceeding with the exchange, the system asks user to enter pin or scan their
fingerprint
• Upon successful validation, the system checks if the balance for exchange is
suﬃcient or not
• For insuﬃcient balance, an error message is displayed and if the balance is
enough and OTP is generated which upon entering in the system allows the
transaction to take place
RECEIVE CURRENCY MODULE

Start

Exchange Bitcoin
with Ether

Dashboard

Show error
message

Show Login/
Signup screen

Is logged-in?

No

Show Public address
or QR Code

Success Screen

Stop

Detailed description of Receive module flowchart diagram:
• The user chooses the option of transactions from the dashboard in order to receive
money.
• User checks the balance type of the received currency
• The system redirects user to login screen if the user is not logged in to the system
• In case of a logged in user, the system displays the public address or the QR code
for the transaction
• Once this is completed, the user receives currency successfully

ADD CURRENCY MODULE

Start

Add Fiat

Dashboard

Show error
message

Is logged-in?

No
Yes

Show Login/

Ask for the Fingerprint
authentication/Enter pin

Signup screen

Show error
message

Matched?

No

User will
enter amount

Add card details/Other
payment method details

Enter OTP /
Resend OTP

Show error
message

Is OTP correct?
No

Success Screen

Stop

Detailed description of Add currency module flowchart diagram:
• The user chooses the option of transactions (add fiat in this case) from the
dashboard in order to add currency of their choice.
• The system redirects user to login screen if the user is not logged in to the system
• In case of a logged in user, the system asks for user validation via fingerprint or pin
• After successful authentication, the user is provided the option of entering amount
• In the next step, the user enters card/payment details in order to add currency
• Further, an OTP is received by the user; on entering which, the operation is
successfully completed
ADD CURRENCY MODULE

Start

Add Fiat

Dashboard

Show error
message

Is logged-in?

No

Enter the
Bitcoin value

Show Login/
Signup screen

Ask for the Fingerprint
confirmation or pin

Fingerprint or
pin matched

Show error
message

No

Yes

Is amount larger?
No
Yes
Enter OTP /
Resend OTP

Show error
message

Is OTP correct?
No

Success Screen

Stop

Detailed description of sell cryptocurrencies module flowchart diagram:
• The user chooses the option of transactions (sell bitcoin in this case) from the
dashboard in order to sell cryptocurrency
• The system redirects user to login screen if the user is not logged in to the system
• In case of a logged in user, the system allows the user to enter Bitcoin value
• After entering the value, the system asks the user for confirmation via fingerprint or
pin
• Upon successful validation, the system checks if the amount entered is larger or not
• Further, an OTP is received by the user; on entering which, the operation is
successfully completed

https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/singapore/national-day-rally-singapore-togo-bigger-on-e-payments-with-9140068
http://www.straitstimes.com/business/banking/task-force-set-up-to-create-commonqr-code-for-e-payments-in-singapore
https://www.techinasia.com/digital-payments-industry-heats-singapore-majorcompanies-jump-board
https://www.cnet.com/news/singapore-has-the-highest-smartphone-adoption-in-the-worl
d/
http://www.businessinsider.com/alipay-is-setting-up-for-global-dominance-2017-5/?IR=T

http://www.businesstimes.com.sg/technology/singapore-not-rushing-to-regulatecryptocurrencies-mas
https://www.dealstreetasia.com/stories/sgx-listed-artivision-technologies-to-buyfintech-fi rm-mc-payment-85445/
http://www.businesstimes.com.sg/banking-finance/singapore-cryptocurrency-firmsfacing-bank-account-closures
http://www.mas.gov.sg/News-and-Publications/Media-Releases/2017/MAS-andABS-lea d-consortium-to-harness-blockchain-technology.aspx

