ShadowToken ICO Whitepaper

AUG 2017
SHADOW
TOKEN
ICO

Token sale for
the established
and highly rated
Shadow Era TCG

ShadowToken . SHDW . Waves Platform

“A shining example of what a
freemium game should be.”
							
							- TouchArcade

TABLE OF
CONTENTS
04

About Shadow Era

06

ShadowToken ICO

07

Buying Tokens

08

Token Features

10

Board of Directors

11

Company Structure

12

Past Performance

16

Looking To The Future

ABOUT SHADOW ERA
T H E F I R S T M O B I L E TCG

Shadow Era was the first full-scale trading card game on
mobile. It features cross-platform multiplayer games between
iOS, Android, PC, and Mac.

Since its original release, Shadow Era has captured

Shadow Era features cross-platform logins and mul-

the minds of card game fans as a highly balanced

tiplayer battles, meaning your account stays with you

and strategic game. Now with 32 different heroes

no matter what device you play on.

across 7 classes to choose from, the deck building
options are endless. And because the game is bal-

But perhaps the most enduring feature is our large

anced even at the highest competitve levels, there’s

and active community. Throughout the game’s devel-

always a wide variety of challenges available in mul-

opment, we’ve involved the community in all aspects

tiplayer games.

from ideas to design to feedback. We also regularly
hire directly from the community, as these are the

The game features an innovated dual resource sys-

people that understand the game the best. As we

tem. Each turn, a card can be sacrificed to generate a

transition to community-driven development, we

resource used to summon additional cards. It’s often

hope to further pioneer this process to create and

a challenge to consider what card to sacrifice! Heroes

refine the features that the community wants most.

also generate shadow energy, used to power effects
that often have game-changing results.

PHYSICAL AND DIGITAL
Besides the digital game, a sucessful crowdfunding
campaign allowed us to produce high-quality physical cards. Manufactured by the same company that
produces all the top trading card games, this premium product is of even higher quality than most
existing physical TCGs. It also has some of the best
looking foil cards in the industry!
With the same rules as the digital game, the physical
version is easy to pick up and learn. Every physical
booster pack also has a redeem code for the digital
game, for effective cross-promotions.

4

Shadow Era now has more than 630 cards available. A
truly beautiful game for players and collectors alike!

Shadow Era
has a distinct
dark fantasy
art style, with
beautiful art
commissioned
by some of the
best artists in
the industry.

5

SHADOWTOKEN ICO
AUGUST 1ST, 2017
The token sale begins on August 1st, 2017 at 9 am EDT
on the Waves DEX and shadowtoken.io website.

10,000,000 ShadowTokens (SHDW) have been created with the following distribution.
60% of tokens will be available for public sale
12% of tokens will be kept in reserve for operations
5% of tokens will be rewarded to previous Kickstarter backers (SF)
5% of tokens will be rewarded for bounties and referrals
18% of tokens will be retained by the developers

Payouts for the signature bounty on BitCoinTalk forums will begin on August 7th. Payouts for previous backers of
the Shattered Fates Kickstarter will be available for collection from August 7th to August 31st. Uncollected payouts
by September 1st will be considered a donation to the game’s development and moved to the business operating
pool.

6

BUYING TOKENS
We make it easy to buy tokens using your preferred
method.

Waves DEX
The ShadowToken sale will begin on August 1st
at 9 am EDT, listed on the Waves Decentralized

The token sale
is being offered
in a free market. Buy early to
lock in the best
price! The price
is expected to
increase with
demand.

Exchange (DEX) with markets maintained in the
SHDW/BTC, SHDW/ETH and SHDW/WAVES pairs.
For a web based wallet, visit the waveswallet.io
website or download the Chrome app.
Easy Buy
“Easy Buy” options will also be available on our
website to place market orders to buy SHDW at
the current rate using BTC, ETH, WAVES or PayPal.
Please note that PayPal purchases for new customers that have not purchased from us before
may be subject to holding and verification to
prevent fraud.
Initial Price
The initial starting price will be $0.05 USD
equivalent across all trading pairs. As it is a free
market, the price is expected to fluctuate and
will increase with demand. Be sure to check the
relative USD price for the trading pair to reduce
arbitrage.

7

8

TOKEN
FEATURES
Decentralized Exchange
From the start of the ICO on August 1st at 9 am EDT,
ShadowTokens will be listed for sale on the Waves DEX.
By using the Waves Chrome app or the online wallet at
http://waveswallet.io any player can create a Waves ac-

Daily Rewards

count to buy and sell ShadowTokens in the free market,

Token holders that have linked their Waves account

promoting liquidity and ease of use.

to their Shadow Era account will be entitled to daily
in-game rewards in Shadow Crystals. Players that have

Voting Rights

logged into the game that day will share a daily pool

All token holders are encouraged to vote on issues

of rewards based on their relative token balance, paid

brought forth by the Board of Directors. To vote on an

automatically at the end of the day.

issue, certain Waves addresses will be given for each
voting option. To lock in your vote, simply send any

In-Game Perks

amount of SHDW (eg 0.000001) to the address repre-

Players that maintain a certain minimum token balance

senting your choice. At the end of the voting period, the

will have a special epic avatar and colored chat text to

votes are tallied based on the current total number of

distinguish them as a token holder.

tokens held in each account.

The top 100 token holders with linked accounts will always play with a completely foiled version of their cur-

Profit Share Rewards

rent deck in multiplayer games.

To encourage community involvement and ownership,
profit share rewards are distributed to active token

Ultra Premium Currency

holders. An active token holder is defined as one who

Besides the token features for players, SHDW will also

has:

be used as an ultra premium currency to purchase exclusive items such card sleeves, playmats and avatars.

1. Linked their Waves account to their Shadow Era ac-

Limited time exclusive cards are also possible.

count, or has tokens purchased with the “easy buy” op-

In the future, trading premium items for SHDW by play-

tion.

ers in a secondary market can also provide value to in-

2. Logged into the game at least once in the previous

game items and promote spending.

30 days.
3. Voted on any issues presented that had a voting close
date in the previous 30 days.
The total amount of profit rewards will be determined
on a monthly basis by the board of directors based on

To link your token balance to your Shadow Era ac-

income, expenses, and budget. The rewards will be split

count, simply send any amount of SHDW (eg 0.000001)

among the active token holders in relative proportion

to 3PKEQiRe2u6488jdvUAUYshrM4fQPf4omak with your

to the amount of ShadowTokens that they have held

player name or API key in the attachment field. This will

longer than 30 days. Rewards will be paid out in SHDW

prove ownership of the Waves account holding the to-

to their Waves account.

kens, and entitle you to the token features.

9

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

IAN BOLTON

KEVIN MASSEY

Card designer, coder, team leader, and
forum poster extraordinaire! Appointed as Chairman of the board, Ian will
focus on design.

A legendary deck builder, Kevin brings
commercial experience in the entertainment industry with him to focus
on product management.

SAMUEL HENDRICKSON

KEVIN MANNING

@gondorian

@samuelj

With a degree in marketing and extensive experience with both the digital
and physical game, Samuel will focus
on marketing.

@keaven

@nachyochez

Already responsible for much of the
storyline and lore for Shadow Era,
Kevin joins the board with a focus on
the story.

ADOR PANTIG
@danae

Besides being a forum moderator for
quite some time, Ador has a background in business intelligence and
will focus on business analysis.

VINCENT BOURE
@fdl

A long term player and previously part
of the elite Player’s Focus Group (PFG)
for 3 sets, Vincent will focus on the
competitive scene.

The Board of Directors will be responsible for directing and managing the development of the game. They will put any major decisions
to a vote by token holders, to ensure that the game develops along
the path that the community prefers.

TRITON BALDWIN
@demnchi

A previous community manager and
always close to the players, Triton will
focus on the player community.

10

COMPANY
STRUCTURE
The game is transitioning from a single owner to
community-driven development led by a Board of
Directors. Token holders will own 100% of the assets
of Shadow Era - the digital game, physical cards, and
intellectual property. A Trust Company incorporated
in the United Kingdom will be operated by the Board
of Directors. While the Trust doesn’t own the assets
directly, it will carry out the daily operations including maintaining bank accounts, paying for contractors, and making budgets to drive growth.
The tokens, therefore, represent a share of the assets
of Shadow Era, but not a share of any company or
legal entity.
To ensure liquidity of the tokens, whenever possible
the contractors and developers are paid directly in
SHDW according to the current exchange rate of USD.
Each month, the Trust will use income from the game
to purchase back SHDW from the exchange to use for
payments and profit rewards.

NOT A FINANCIAL SECURITY
Recently there have been new regulations and restrictions from the United States SEC regarding ICOs considered to be financial securities. The Howey test is the leading
definition of an investment contract, referring to the U.S. Supreme Court case SEC v. W.J. Howey Co. Under the Howey test, an investment contract is “a contract, transaction or scheme whereby a person invests his money in a common enterprise and is led to expect profits solely from the efforts of the promoter of a third party.”
After carefully going over the announcements from the SEC, we believe that ShadowToken can safely be defined as a currency, with many utility functions and premium
features. As profit share rewards are only distributed to those contributing to the game’s development, it passes the Howey test.

11

PAST PERFORMANCE
Although new management will be taking over
the game, we dive into the past performance
and key financials.

12

13

PAST PERFORMANCE
D E TA I L S B E H I N D T H E G A M E
Shadow Era was developed and grew without an advertising budget. As the game
completes features and prepares for a re-launch, prior financials indicate future
success!

ARPDAU: $0.05-$0.07
A typical goal for ARPDAU for a complicated
RPG type game would be $0.05. Having a solid ARPDAU indicates that the profits will scale
well when advertising campaigns for new user
acquisitions are started.

Total Revenue: $2,761,947
The total revenue from all sources since the
game’s launch. It indicates a strong ability to
monetize the players to generate revenue.

Total players: 4,609,692
As the first full-scale trading card game on
mobile, Shadow Era attracted a large number
of players with no advertising budget. Since
the login requires an email address, we also
have a large database of subscribers of more
than 2m emails that can be used in retargeting
campaigns.

$806,161
$642,174

iOS In-App Purchases
In-app purchase sales on iPhone and iPad were traditionally the main source of
income, but Android has now started to surpass iOS in monthly sales.

Android In-App Purchase
in the aggregate, are important to the conduct of our business, and we obtain licenses to use certain intellectual property owned by others, none is individually
considered material to our business.

$413,322

Web Purchase Portal
SuperRewards is the web-based portal for payments in the PC and Mac builds.
They also support different methods for earning free currency by completing
offers, surveys, etc.

14

27,696 5-star Reviews
The game is highly rated on iOS and Android,
meaning the product is already solid and will
only improve with time.

ARPPU: $449.67
Perhaps the best indicator for potential profit,
the high ARPPU means that dedicated players
are willing to spend a lot of money in the game
that they love.

Engagement: 0.16
A representation of how engaged the players
are, how many monthly active players play on
a daily basis. A typical goal for engagement
would be 0.15.

MAU: 51,239
Although the monthly active users have
dropped significantly in the past year due to
development delays and no advertising, the
transition to new management will revitalize
the game. Retargeting campaigns and new
user acquisition will drive profits.

$254,250
$208,833
$437,207

Rewarded Videos and Trials
TapJoy and Vungle on mobile builds allows the players to earn free currency by
watching video ads or downloading other apps.

Web Store
Direct sales on our web store for physical cards and occasional exclusive digital
specials.

Crowdfunding Campaigns
Two successful crowdfunding campaigns for physical cards, and one for the
Shattered Fates digital set.

15

LOOKING TO THE FUTURE
Under new management, Shadow Era is set to relaunch with a new focus on
community-driven development.
Physical Cards

Card Translations

High-quality physical cards were introduced thanks to

Although the interface elements and buttons are trans-

a crowdfunding campaign that raised over $200k. The

lated, the card text itself and storyline remain English

physical cards use premium card stock with even great-

only. In order to be more accessible to players around

er quality than the top trading card games and were

the world, full card translations should be done.

produced by the same manufacturer that prints all the
top TCGs. Every physical booster pack contains a redeem
code for the digital game, enabling good cross-promo-

Distribution on Steam

tion between the two platforms.

Launching the desktop versions of the game on Steam
will give the game a wider audience of players and help

Although printing physical cards of such high quality is

with promoting the game.

expensive, thanks to the crowdfunding campaigns we
have already passed the break-even point. Housed in
our distributor’s warehouse in Michigan, USA, the re-

New Content

maining physical inventory has a current retail value of

Additional single player campaigns and a steady stream

over $790k.

of new cards will keep the game fresh and engage the
players.

Merchandising and IP Licensing
Playmats have proved to be a popular item among

User Acquisition

physical players, but there are other merchandising op-

The most important part of increasing profits is a prop-

portunities thanks to the abundance of great artwork.

er plan for user acquisition. Spending money on adver-

Items such as posters, calendars, plushies etc could be

tising and promotion will help to grow the game.

additional revenue streams. The rich background lore
and story also lends itself well to IP licensing for books
or tabletop board games.

Graphic Improvements
More special effects for each card is needed to improve
the quality during battles. The GUI can also be updated
for a more modern feel.

Our goal is to keep the token holders involved in the development process. The Board of Directors will propose a vote for any major issues or
direction, and the token holders will decide the outcome.

16

17

AUG 2017
SHADOW
TOKEN
ICO
Token sale for
the established
and highly rated
Shadow Era TCG

Name:
ShadowToken
Symbol: SHDW
Platform: Waves

ShadowToken ICO Whitepaper

http://shadowtoken.io

