WHITE PAPER

Private Versus Public
Blockchain: Separating Fact
From Fiction
Blockchain is the latest hot topic in supply chain management and
logistics. The technology rose to prominence with the power and
value of Bitcoin, but since then, has proven itself as a huge asset to
other industries.

More companies have begun to see its potential for tracking and tracing in supply chain
management, and so we are witnessing a blockchain revolution in the industry. Blockchain is an
incorruptible, decentralized ledger, that is able to provide much-needed visibility and traceability
into supply chain processes.
The hype over blockchain has created some confusion, especially over the use of private versus
public blockchains, and which is better for the industry. Today, companies across the globe are
leveraging blockchain to improve visibility and hold one another accountable. Major shipping
and technology companies have also dedicated vast resources to create company-owned-andoperated blockchains, also known as private blockchains. Public blockchains remain a topic of
skepticism for supply chain leaders as well. The need to keep information secure confounds the
issue.

To overcome the obstacles and clear the
confusion, this white paper will explore:

Why supply chain
leaders want
blockchain solutions to
increase visibility

The basic concepts and
differences between
private and public
blockchains

The challenges present
in available, privately
held blockchains as
well as the benefits
of a public blockchain
over a private
blockchain

White Paper: Private Versus Public
Blockchain: Separating Fact From Fiction

2

The Value of Blockchain in Logistics and Supply
Chain Management
As per Bernard Marr of Forbes magazine, modern supply chains are exceedingly complex,
spanning hundreds of stages, different geographical locations, countless invoices and payments,
cross-company partnerships, and extended periods of time. Such complexity leads to a lack of
visibility in supply chain processes, and that, in turn, leads to more instances of lost or stolen
product. Thankfully, blockchain is well-positioned to transform the industry by adding back the
layer of visibility that is currently lacking.
Past supply chains were relatively simple: products were sent from the manufacturer to reseller.
The rise of omnichannel shopping changed the narrative, and globalization continues to do so. At
the same time, it is challenging to investigate potential areas of fraud or unethical practices when
there is poor supply chain visibility. Even with advanced, connected systems that are leveraging
the power of the Internet of Things (IoT), problems arise. Data is stored in silos and supply chain
partners rely on the validity and accuracy of data from the originating company to make informed
decisions. Data visibility by all partners in the supply chain is where blockchain proves its value.

Blockchain is a distributed, digital ledger. Each transaction is recorded on a
block, and multiple copies of the ledger are distributed among data notes,
such as individual computers and servers. Each block links to the one before
and after it, producing the chain.
Since the blockchain does not have a central authority maintaining it, it is both efficient and scalable,
as well as incorruptible. It is built with the chain of command in mind. All users of the blockchain
can view information, which is compared to other blockchain nodes across the network to selfvalidate data, eliminating the ability to alter data after the fact.
Gaining this level of detail in supply chain management is valuable for both companies and their
consumers. Information retained in the blockchain can be passed along to consumers to validate
product history, manufacturing, authenticity, warranty details, and more.

White Paper: Private Versus Public
Blockchain: Separating Fact From Fiction

3

Public Versus Private Blockchain Defined
The complexities and nuances surrounding blockchain continue through the binary terms of private
and public blockchains, reports A Medium Corporation.
At present, without a public blockchain in use by a shipper, maintaining throughput can be
challenging as current data may not necessarily reflect the most recent events, a problem deriving
from substandard technologies among users or a failure to integrate the system with all existing
systems. Public blockchains cut out the middleman in transactions, offering built-in flexibility and
interoperability, getting the most recent data from all players in the supply chain much more quickly
than disparate supply chain systems do today without a middleman throttling the data or in charge
of the blockchain platform.
Private blockchains begin to let the middleman back into the equation. As transactions are limited
to the privately held user group, transactions are processed faster. Unfortunately, creating a private
blockchain means leveraging a central database to manage the system. Thus, the blockchain is not
decentralized because an owner of the private blockchain still exists, leaving room for possible distrust
by those who choose to utilize a private blockchain.
Another type of blockchain exists—consortiums. Consortiums sound great on the surface. They offer
the promise of blockchain as a team effort through a decentralized source. The consortium blockchain
approach uses a centralized system, resulting in the need for traditional cryptographic auditing versus
a public or private blockchain that is already decentralized and has trust built in as no one can change
the data entered. In other words, blockchain managers in the consortium have the ability to audit and
change blockchain-held data as needed, rendering it meaningless.

White Paper: Private Versus Public
Blockchain: Separating Fact From Fiction

4

Problems With Privately Held Blockchains
In recent months, major companies have risen to develop blockchain-based partnerships or
consortiums. While new mergers have given birth to new private blockchains, they remain riddled
with holes. As reported by Supply Chain Dive, the 2018 3PL Study found that a mere 2% of shippers
are looking for blockchain solutions today, and only 7% are exploring their use. This issue’s roots
extend into the problems of private blockchain use, including:
•

Private blockchains may be developed or only used for a specific company. Using a
blockchain internally may improve visibility into a single company’s operations, but that
information is not accessible by other supply chain partners.

•

Private blockchain partnerships involve relinquishing data to the central company.
Control over data and its integrity are everything. The more prominent private blockchains in
use today, used by some of the biggest shipping companies on earth, effectively require users
to relinquish control over their data.

•

Private blockchains may be incompatible with existing systems. The next issue goes back
to the incompatibility that arises from existing systems and those designed to work with a
primary company’s data. For example, if Oracle uses an internal blockchain to track use of
Primavera P6 for warehouse construction, the same data may only be used in Oracle-owned
companies, not those in use by the company building the warehouse.

•

Private blockchains may offer grand promises with minimal results. Since the goal is endto-end visibility, supply chain partners that do not use the same blockchain create an area of
poor visibility and opportunity for risk.

2%

of shippers
are looking for
blockchain solutions

7%

of shippers are
exploring blockchain
solutions

White Paper: Private Versus Public
Blockchain: Separating Fact From Fiction

5

These problems contribute to issues among shippers looking to invest in
blockchain, including:
•

Companies are suspicious of joining alliances or private consortiums due to an unwillingness
to lose control and ownership of their data.

•

Integration is almost impossible, and since companies have devoted significant resources to
the IoT and real-time data tracking software, joining a blockchain seems like overkill.

•

Data can still be changed without explanation, reflecting the power a centralized owner has
over private blockchain participants.

•

Blockchain’s only as valuable as the number of companies using it, and with companies’ past
years’ avoidance of significant blockchain partnerships, private blockchains are growing scarcer
and less useful.

If Both Private and Public Blockchains Exist, Why Are
Companies Forcing the Hand of Major Developers?
That’s the million-dollar question. Blockchain is designed to provide an incorruptible, error-free
roadmap for users to trace a single transaction throughout the network. In the supply chain, this
means tracking products to their origin, including data on raw materials, production data, transit
time, delays, and more. Shippers need a trustless, similar setup that is free from the strain of
politics and economic interests.
With a significant company in control of the blockchain, they effectively take on the role of a data
manager. Their decisions are final. They expect competitors to join the partnership and grow the
technology.
Fortunately, supply chain leaders are not blind to the nature of larger corporations. The reality is
that no corporation should pursue anything that is not beneficial in some way, and this includes
joining a private blockchain or consortium when there are better options available. At ShipChain,
with our experience in blockchain and building out our Track and Trace Platform, we know that we
have a stake in developing the technology.

White Paper: Private Versus Public
Blockchain: Separating Fact From Fiction

6

The difference between ShipChain and the
major partnerships is that the system is
designed as a true public blockchain, giving
every user an equal opportunity to share
data and avoid the risks associated with
relinquishing control. More importantly, equal
and trustless can be interpreted as easy-tointegrate and under-your-control.
It is this ease in joining the blockchain that
attracts new users. Supply chain leaders have
enough on their plates. Robotics are rising.
Weather is changing. Suppliers and shippers
are evolving. Everything is in a state of flux in
the global supply chain, and it is not enough
to trust that one of the largest shipping
companies on the planning will abide by the
rules set forth by blockchain.

“

Visibility unlocks efficiency, and trust unlocks
visibility. ShipChain’s unified approach to provide
both opens up a world of potential for a siloed
industry to be able to work together for the benefit
of everyone.”

That’s not necessarily a grim picture for
the future of blockchain. It highlights
the importance and value shippers and
suppliers place on independence and strong
relationships with business-to-business (B2B)
partners.

White Paper: Private Versus Public
Blockchain: Separating Fact From Fiction

7

They saw the writing on the wall, evidenced by reduced rates of competitors that joined last year’s
headline-dominating blockchain consortium.
Ultimately, the distrust and poor execution of private blockchains are where major companies
went wrong. The costs of adopting the consortium’s system could easily surpass any savings
possible through adopting blockchain technology. Thus, companies need an alternative to major
carrier-based blockchains. They need something independent.

Summary: Independent, Public Blockchains Will
Continue to Increase in Use
Truly public blockchains offer increased visibility and accountability into the recording of supply
chain transactions, tracking purchase orders and trade-related documents, assigning and
verifying certifications and properties, linking physical goods to data, and sharing information.
The use of public blockchains value continues to grow despite the setbacks created with major
carrier consortium or private blockchains. Therefore, shippers and suppliers have turned to public
blockchains.
On a final note, joining a public blockchain does not mean your data is available to the public. It’s
still limited to authorized users of the blockchain. It is the integration with your technologies, as
well as the ability to share data freely among members, that creates the value of public blockchains.
To sum it up nicely, let’s rename public blockchains for the sake of clarity.

White Paper: Private Versus Public
Blockchain: Separating Fact From Fiction

8

A public blockchain is an open architecture-based platform that puts your technology and skills to
work, sharing data where appropriate yielding end-to-end visibility.
Ready to Implement Blockchain: Choose ShipChain
ShipChain has taken the time to create an open architecture-based platform that will work to
provide the real-world benefits of blockchain technology without the hassle and stress of carrierled private systems. A public blockchain offers the benefits of a private blockchain, but the public
route evolves and is flexible enough to handle the needs of your company, not the other way
around.

Find out how you can become a ShipChain user by
visiting ShipChain online or requesting a demo today.

www.shipchain.io
twitter facebook linkedin instagram

