The Future of Decentralized
Gaming Entertainment on Blockchain

SHOWHAND BLOCKCHAIN PLATFORM
White Paper V1.1
December 25, 2017
（Contents of the white paper are subject to changes and improvements）

The contents of this document are official and proprietary information of ShowHand Blockchain. Distribution through non-official
channels is strictly prohibited. All rights reserved 2017.

Table of Contents

1. Industry Overview

1

1.1 Introduction to ShowHand

2

2. Gaming Industry Problems and Solutions

3

2.1 Current Problems

4

2.2 ShowHand’s Blockchain Solutions

6

2.3 IOTA Protocol

7

2.4 Ethereum Blockchain 2.0

7

3. Use Cases Analysis

9

3.1 Online gaming

9

3.2 Land-based (offline) gaming

10

4. ShowHand Ecosystem

12

4.1 ShowHand Payment Solution

12

4.2 Dapp and API Integration

13

4.3 System Security Structure

14

4.4 Light Client Wallet

15

4.4 Smart Contracts Technology

16

5. Certified Fair Standard

17

6. Initial Coin Offering

19

6.1 Token Issuance Detail

19

6.2 Token Structure

19

6.3 Token Price

20

7. Budget Planning

20

8. Go-to-market Strategy

21

9. Future Roadmap

23

10. Team and Advisor

24

11. Risk Disclosure

25

12. References

28

Disclaimer

This white paper is meant to describe ShowHand’s currently projected plans
for developing its business and its ShowHand token. Nothing in this document should be treated or read as a guarantee or promise of how ShowHand’s
business will develop or of the utility or value of the ShowHand ; the document outlines our current plans, which could change at our discretion, and
the success of which will depend on many factors outside our control, including market-based factors and factors within the cryptocurrency industries,
regulations, and among others. Any statements about future events are based
solely on our analysis of the issues described in this document, and our analysis may prove to be incorrect.
Contributing to ShowHand is subject to many potential risks. Some of which
are described in this paper, and some of which are provided in the FAQ for
the ShowHand token and the token Offering and in the risk disclosures for
the Token Offering. These documents, along with additional information
about our business and the ShowHand, are available on our website. Participants of ShowHand token sale could lose all or some of the value of the funds
used to purchase ShowHand.

1

1. Industry Overview
“Gaming is a principle inherent in human nature.”
– Edmund Burke. Author and philosopher.
The gaming industry is rapidly growing. How much so? The size of the online
gaming market is projected to increase from $20.5 billion in 2009 to $81.7
billion by 2022.1 The total gaming market (combined online and land based) is
projected to grow to $635 billion by 2022, compared to just $423 billion in
2014.2

While online gaming entertainment only made up 6% of the total betting and
gaming industry in 2015, this industry is currently experiencing a revolution.
This industry has a lot of potential to grow as online gaming providers are
starting to diversify the types of gaming options, attracting a new generation
of players from around the globe.3 For example, the popularity of eSports betting is also currently growing at a significant rate. Fantasy sports leagues,
point-spread betting, and video game tournament betting are all becoming
large markets. According to researchers Chris Grove and Adam Krejcik at Eilers Research, eSports gaming will skyrocket to become a 1.81 billion dollar industry by 2020, compared to just a 24 million dollar industry in 2015.4

2

What is ShowHand? And why is it important to the industry?
ShowHand is a revolutionary instant payment method using blockchain technology. It is also a decentralized gaming platform with “certified fair” games.
Our proprietary certification process will ensure that no game is rigged, and
all numbers are generated randomly by using RNGs. ShowHand token (Coin
ticker: HAND), is an ERC20/ERC223 standard cryptocurrency built on the
Ethereum public blockchain.
Using ShowHand token as a gaming payment will eliminate inefficient international currency conversion and expensive transaction fees. Players will no
longer have to go through the process of depositing or withdrawing money to
and from online gaming platforms. Transactions between gaming platform
and player will be done directly between the two parties in a fast, safe and
anonymous way without the need of any trusted third-party intermediaries.
Players can join the game whenever and wherever they want. Players hold
their own private keys, thus have full control of their funds with unbreakable
blockchain based authentications.
Future implementation includes a decentralized gaming entertainment ecosystem that is “provably fair”, creating a trustless, transparent and frictionless
ecosystem based on smart contract technology. Our current contractual partners include two industry-leading online entertainment platform in China and
multiple land-based gaming providers coming in late 2018.

2. Gaming Industry
2.1.Problems
Four significant problems affecting the growth of the gaming industry
Trust
Centralization is the reason that providers find it hard to build trust with their
customers. As a centralized entity, entertainment providers control the capital, the games, and the bookmakers. Players are often concerned about exploitation from a rigged gaming system, especially in the current online environment which lacks a proper system for the regulation of providers. We propose
a decentralized system, where no single operators will dominate the gaming
system. What does that mean for users? Users no longer have to worry
whether they are playing at a trustworthy or untrustworthy entertainment
provider. The inherently trustless design of blockchain technology will make
online gaming fair for all parties involved. With ShowHand, anyone can develop and host games in which other users on the platform can participate.
3

Withdrawal Fee
On gaming platforms, both online and land based, participants need to deposit money to the entertainment provider in exchange for chips before they
can join a game. This exchange process is slow and cumbersome, and users’
chips could be stolen. When users stop playing, some online platforms refuse
users requests to cash out their chips. For example, users are required to have
a minimum balance kept in their accounts. Some gaming providers force users
to play enough rounds so that the entertainment platform can take the deposited money back. Even worse, some gaming platforms charge 2-8% withdrawal fees on player winnings.
Expensive Payment Process
Online gaming providers face many difficulties in setting up payment for their
customers, ranging from banks withholding funds from the entertainment
providers to transactions that get lost in the process. Under the current processing rules of major credit card processors, such as Visa and MasterCard,
online gaming websites are considered high-risk merchants. Those credit card
issuers are not obligated to process those transactions. If they do not want to
process funds for gaming merchants, players will be out of luck. There are also
fees that are imposed by banks on the online entertainment providers. Credit
card processors charge between 4% to 6% of every deposit that an online
gaming provider makes, which essentially eats into their profits.
Money Laundering
Many gaming providers are also facing strict regulations on money laundering
and have obligations under the law to make sure the deposited funds from
players originate from a legal source. The time, money, and energy needed to
deal with legal issues related to money laundering means that gaming providers often have to cut corners in order to stay in business. This leads to an overall negative customer experience and can even damage an entertainment provider’s reputation beyond repair. Besides that, the overhead expenses of setting up an international payment gateway and managing player balances are
very costly and inefficient. All of this has proven to be a significant problem
for many entertainment provider operators. We can solve this problem
through the ShowHand blockchain infrastructure.

4

Summary of Problems for the Gaming Industry
The Existing Problems for Players
1. Players money are held in gaming platform in exchange for gaming chips.
2. Withdrawal amounts are limited or restricted.
3. Gaming providers charge fees every time user wins money and want to
withdraw their game winnings.
4. International currency conversion includes unnecessary fees and is a very
slow process.
The Existing Problems for Entertainment providers
1. Land based entertainment providers have to deal with potential fraud
problems from customers, such as the use of fake money in exchange for
real gaming chips.
2. Online gaming platforms face regulation issues, such as money laundering
or money from an illegal origin.
3. Entertainment providers need to pay high taxes for fiat currency income.
4. High cost of setting up payment gateway for online entertainment providers.
5. High overhead cost for managing customers’ account balances and the entertainment provider payment system.
6. Operators sometimes misjudge the size of the stakes due to various reasons, which means gaming platform lose money.

5

2.2 Solutions
ShowHand Blockchain Platform
ShowHand token (HAND) is the standard Ethereum ERC20/ERC223 cryptographic token used in the ShowHand blockchain platform. Players who hold
the token can use it to play against the entertainment providers and other
players. Players hold the private key and personal wallet, using them to pay
and receive tokens from entertainment providers (ShowHand wallet is compatible with all the mainstream Ethereum wallets, which makes it easy to use
and develop). Players can exchange the ShowHand token to other Ethereum
cryptographic tokens via ShapeShift or other cryptocurrency exchanges.
ShowHand token is a fast, safe, and anonymous payment solution that leverages the power of blockchain technology. The graph below illustrates how
ShowHand token simplifies the payment process. The transaction goes directly from entertainment providers to players and vice versa and also decentralized player-to-player (D-P2P), without going through a complicated
and expensive payment gateway. Our solution eliminates the third-party payment intermediaries and results in a faster and frictionless payment solution
where everyone saves time and money.
Now the payment goes directly from entertainment provider providers to
players, ditching a major hurdle – credit card and bank processing. The
fund will arrive in the account in approximately 1 minute (reduce from 1-2
hours) no matter where you are in the world. As far as payment fees are concerned, instead of being charged multiple fees by using a traditional payment
gateway, there is Zero Fee for using the ShowHand payment solution.

6

The following graph shows the transaction process of ShowHand Payment
Solution:

Gaming
Platform

Gaming
Provider

Six Advantages of Using ShowHand Token:
1. A more reliable and safer choice than fiat currency for gaming
2. ShowHand token is completely anonymous
3. No restriction on the amount of transactions
4. No withdrawal fee (unlike conventional payment withdrawal from online
gaming providers)
5. Easy conversions to other ECR-20 standard tokens
6. All transactions to and from providers are transparent and auditable
7

2.3 IOTA protocol
We will consider using the IOTA protocol in future development, a lightweight
distributed ledger for IoT.
Original cryptocurrency technology of 2008 was not meant to handle hundreds of thousands of transactions that we see today. IOTA was created so that
transactions are quick and cost-free. “In almost all cases: blockchains of the
first and second generation are using transactions fees to prevent peers from
spamming the network. Bitcoin’s transaction fees are at approx. $1 per transaction (Oct 2017). IOTA, however, has no mining, no blocks, no transaction
fees. The security and consensus of the network is not divided among miners,
validators, and users.”
Users of the network validate two old transactions (via proof of work) in order
to be able to conduct one of their own. No one receives a reward, and no one
has to pay transaction fees.”5
2.4 Ethereum protocol 2.0
We will be also be paying specific attention to the Ethereum 2.0 upgrade,
which is set to occur in 2018. In this major upgrade, Ethereum will transition
from Proof of Work (PoW) to a hybrid PoW/PoS, which opens a new door for
an improved security, scalability and privacy network.
This implementation will enable Ethereum network to handle thousands of
transactions per second comparable to the traditional credit card payment
processors. Since ShowHand is based on the Ethereum protocol, we believe
the upgrade will further enhance our payment solution and accelerate our development to bring a much needed decentralized, smart contract-based gaming platform to the industry.6

8

3. Use Cases Analysis
3.1 Online gaming providers
Scenario Without ShowHand in an Online Gaming Provider
Lili is interested in playing in an online poker game. She decides to play online
at PokerMates’ website. She thinks it’s a reputable site but doesn’t know for
sure. After a few rounds of Texas Hold’em, she realizes that she isn’t winning
as much as usual. She loses some money and decides to stop playing after a
while. She fears the game might be rigged but can’t really verify whether it is
or not.
The next day she checks her bank account balance and notices $700 missing.
During all the rounds of Texas Hold’em, she had only lost $40. She calls her
bank and asks about the charges. It turns out that PokerMates had a payment
gateway that wasn’t secure. This meant that anyone, including PokerMates
could have stolen the money from her account. She reports fraud and cancels
her card. Hopefully, she will be able to recover the lost money. Either way, she
will likely not visit traditional online gaming sites again.
Scenario With ShowHand in an Online Gaming provider
Lili is interested in playing in an online poker game. She decides to play on the
ShowHand dapp instead of using a traditional gaming website.
Since the cryptocurrency exchange platform that she purchases HAND tokens
from is very reputable, Lili no longer has to worry about sending sensitive
payment information to sketchy sites with the possibility of having her bank
account hacked.
After buying tokens, she starts to play by placing a stake with HAND token to
a gaming operator’s public address. She loses a few rounds of Texas Hold’em
and decides to take a break from playing. She wants to verify that the game is
not rigged. She finds out that all games on the ShowHand are open-source,
meaning that anyone can take a look at the code it takes to make the game. Lili
and her friend Victoria both exam the code, and it turns out that the Random
Number Generators(RNGs) of the Texas Hold’em game that Lili played is indeed absolutely fair, meaning that the game’s code is written so that both
the entertainment provider and player have equal odds of winning. Through
this investigation of source code, Lili decides that she will continue to play the
game in the future.
9

3.2 Land-based gaming providers
Scenario Without ShowHand in a Land-Based Gaming Center
Oscar is on vacation and is interested in playing a betting game at Carl’s gaming center. He forgets to bring cash and has to use an ATM to withdraw
money. He wants to withdraw $500 to play with, but his bank has a daily
withdrawal limit of $300, so he takes only that amount. He doesn’t realize
that ATMs at Carl’s gaming center charge a fee of $9 for each cash withdrawal.
After getting cash, he has to spend a few minutes to exchange his cash for
gaming chips. He plays a few games and wins some money.
When he goes to cash out, he discovers that something doesn’t add up the way
it should. It seems he doesn’t have as many gaming chips as he thought he
had. Oscar isn’t certain if they were stolen, if he lost them or if the dealer just
misjudged the stack amount on the table. When standing in line to exchange
gaming chips for cash, he finds out that Carl’s gaming center chargers him 8%
of his winnings. Because that particular gaming provider is the only place he
can cash out with those particular gaming chips, he has no other option but to
accept the fee. In the end, he ends up losing a lot of the money in the process
when he should have won significantly more. What does this mean for Carl’s
Entertainment provider in the long run? Carl’s Entertainment provider just
lost a possible returning customer due to the bad overall experience Oscar
had. He will likely not return.
Scenario With ShowHand in an Land-Based Gaming Center
Oscar is on vacation and is interested in playing a game of Baccarat at Carl’s
Entertainment provider. When he’s at Carl’s gaming center, he sees a sign outside saying “We accept ShowHand.” At the bottom of the sign, Oscar sees a
link to the ShowHand website and decides to try it out. Oscar purchases
HAND tokens from his favorite cryptocurrency exchange and can now start
playing. He no longer has to pay high ATM withdrawal fees at Carl’s gaming
center. He doesn’t even have to wait in line to get gaming chips. He can simply
place a bet with HAND tokens. He walks over to a game table, whips out his
phone, uses the ShowHand Dapp (decentralized application), sets the
amount he wants to bet, and scans the barcode to join the game.
He wins the game of Baccarat, so the dealer returns tokens to his wallet by
simply clicking on a entertainment provider client Dapp. He doesn’t have to
worry about keeping up with gaming chips the entire time he’s at the entertainment provider. Even better, when Oscar is ready to leave the entertainment provider, he doesn’t have to stand in line to cash out and doesn’t have

10

to pay any extra fees.
Oscar leaves Carl’s gaming center feeling like a winner. He will definitely be
coming back to play again. He knows (win, lose, or draw) that this gaming experience is exceptional.
The graph below compares the traditional gaming vs. gaming with ShowHand:

11

4. ShowHand Ecosystem
4.1 ShowHand Payment System
With the revolutionary ShowHand payment solution, our goal is to eliminate
third party payment processors, making gaming payment faster, easier and
more secure. There will be no hidden fees, no chargebacks, and no declined payments when entertainment providers choose to accept ShowHand token. Initial testing shows the transaction speed is up to 100x faster
and 50x cheaper when using ShowHand vs. traditional credit card payment
gateways.
The following is a section of Solidity code for transferring balances between
entertainment provider to player or between player to player in ShowHand
wallets:

Fig 1 ShowHand Wallet Balance
ShowHand platform may reward dividend tokens every year to players who
constantly hold ShowHand token in their wallet. Here is an example of code
for how users can receive dividends.

Fig 2 General Dividend Reward

12

Land-Based Gaming Provider Payment
The following graph is the interface design illustration of ShowHand Dapp:

4.2 Dapp and API integration
ShowHand Dapp is currently under development. Alpha wallet version “MACAU” will be released in the second quarter of 2018, with a functional payment method that is going to pave the way for the future of P2P mobile gaming and betting on future events such as sports and elections, Players will be
able to bet against each other on the go.
The project is aiming to release an alpha open API for entertainment provider
integration in the fourth quarter of 2018. Upon release, it will be integrated
with our two online entertainment provider partners. Our goal is to finish the
development of an open API for both online and land based entertainment
providers by the fourth quarter of 2019.
13

4.3 Intended System Security Structure
Security and Server Logic

Fig 1. Security Structure Illustration
ShowHand uses our proprietary technology and cutting edge blockchain
structure to ensure maximum transaction efficiency and highest level of security. Part of the structure is illustrated above in the Figure 1 graph.
The client Dapp is the initial access point, from there users communicate
with a game server via VLAN (Virtual Local Area Network) to participate in a
game. The result of the game is handled by the game servers, and the result
will be written into the ShowHand Ethereum blockchain network. The RPC
node acts as the gateway for data to travel to and from the blockchain. In addition, game servers follow strict security rules related to handling communication channels between other servers. Those servers are not directly accessible from the website and cannot communicate with each other. Typology of
this kind ensures that the security level of the network is the highest available
without sacrificing efficiency. (Figure 1.)

14

4.4 Light Client Wallet

Fig 2. Intended Light Wallet Structure Illustration
ShowHand is developing light client wallets to support the growth of the gaming ecosystem and make it easier for third party developers to adopt our API
to speed up payments on our platform. ShowHand light client wallet ensures
the efficiency of transactions and data retrieval, especially on low capacity devices, such as smart phones and tablets. By doing so, it will allow only small
amounts of data to be stored in the client wallet while most data is stored in
the full node. All the data is encrypted by signature with full security measure in the main ShowHand Ethereum blockchain.
15

Our planned features include:
•

Open source Java libraries

•

Mobile application for iOS and Android platforms

•

Client application for Windows, Mac, and Linux

•

User Interface layer (UI) consists of templates of visuals, layout, Animation and expressions.

•

Logic layer consists of template of smart contracts and user profile management.

4.5 Smart Contracts
In on-going development, ShowHand will implement smart contract technology to allow games to run autonomously in the blockchain, essentially creating
a trustless system where a middle man is not needed, and the outcomes of the
game are 100% random without human influences. Smart contracts will handle all gaming logics. A smart contract executes when certain conditions are
met and thus is 100% transparent, automated and auditable. This eliminates
the possibility that a game is rigged by a gaming provider. Our current
roadmap is to launch a Dapp with a number of games integrated with our
blockchain to ensure games are “provably fair” by design.

“For the first time, gaming in real time without trust is made possible
with ShowHand.”

16

5. ShowHand Certified Fair
We are set to create the most honest, “Cheating Free” gaming ecosystem in
history. Every game that is listed in our platform goes through rigorous code
review to make sure it is proven fair, which means gaming outcomes are generated randomly. In the long term, we will contribute to the development of
industry standard certifications.

“ShowHand is contributing to the development of certification for
gaming fairness.”
In order to create a “Cheating Free” ecosystem, all new games published in
our platform must go through the following validation process:
1. New Game Proposal:
Before a game is submitted to the ShowHand platform for the public to
participate, a proposal containing the logic and rule of the game has to
be submitted to our panel and reviewed by the gaming community.
2. Smart Contract Code Submit Review:
All the new game logic will be in the form of smart contract code. Those
code will be reviewed by the public for a period of time and a voting
mechanism will be involved to decide whether the game should proceed
to next phase or not.
3. Sandbox Beta Testing
If everything goes well, the game will be deployed to our sandbox network for testing. Experienced players are invited to join this beta to test
if the game logic is fair enough, bug-free and contains no hidden cheating logic.
4. Go Public with Gaming Amount Management
In order to protect the general public who are participating on new
games, the betting amount is controlled in a gradually increasing manner. For example, a new game is limited to 1 million HAND tokens per
player in total transaction volume for the first month. If there are no
valid complaints or any cheating reported, the volume can be doubled
the next month. If everything goes well, the game will finally remove
the volume constraint.

“ All above logic will be implemented in our DAO and all the board
members can be any token holders from our community. This is a total
democracy and fair process! ”
17

The graph below shows what a player perceives when joining a game in an
online entertainment provider and what might actually happen behind the
scenes. Some online gaming systems are set up in a way that the house will
have an advantage over players because some entertainment providers do not
use random number generators (RNGs) to program randomness into a game.
In this scenario, players always end up losing. This is the reason why a “Certified Fair” industry standard is much needed.

Traditional
Online Gaming

Rules are created
in favor of gaming
provider

Rigged Gaming
System

18

6. Initial Contribution Offering
6.1 Token Issuance
ShowHand is issuing 1 Trillion (1,000,000,000,000) HAND tokens, of which
40% will be offered to the public during the Initial Contribution Offering
(ICO). The ICO session will last for one month. We will reward bonus tokens
to participants for the first and second weeks, and no bonus for contributors
participating ICO in the third and fourth weeks.
ShowHand token has a maximum annual inflation rate of 5% for the first 5
years, which means each year 5% additional tokens will be issued to the market for satisfying the ever-growing gaming industry. From the 6th year, we will
adjust the inflation rate to best foster the growth of the gaming industry. Maximum total supply of HAND tokens will be capped at 2.5 Trillion.
6.2 Token Structure
●

40% tokens for the public crowdsale

●

10% tokens for the ShowHand team

●

15% will be kept for institutional investors

●

20% tokens for marketing and partnership incentives

●

10% tokens for the ShowHand Foundation

●

5% tokens for bounty and contingency

19

6.3 Token Price
ShowHand project plans to raise USD $50,000,000. The ICO will start on
January 20th, 2018 12pm GMT and end on February 20th, 2018 12am GMT.
(*Details of the exchange process will be published on our official website. Due to regulations, U.S resident, entity or citizen are excluded from participating in the token sale ICO
event.)

1 ETH = 3900000 HAND

7. Budget Planning
We intend to use the raised fund as following：
●

50% of fund for platform development, infrastructure building, API integration with entertainment providers and continuous system maintenance (includes employment costs, office operational indirect costs).

●

30% for marketing, community promotion, and partnerships (includes
advertisements, communication efforts to get new communities involved,
and co-financing third party online and land based entertainment provider integrations with ShowHand system).

●

10% for administration (legal, security and accounting services
includes all third party legal, accounting audit, and system security service providers.)

●

10% for contingency fund

20

8. Go-to-Market Strategy
There are other gaming-focused cryptocurrencies already in existence; however, none have gained enough of the market share to be considered a dominant force. So how does ShowHand plan to be successful in a market without a
proven winner? We believe that this project will succeed because of both our
proprietary technology and our go-to-market strategy.
Upon a successful initial contribution offering event, we will focus on developing our alpha release of the ShowHand wallet prototype and collaborate with
online gaming partners. We have entered relationship with two reputable
online gaming providers in Macau. They have large customer bases and strong
experience in the gaming industry. We believe it will accelerate the adoption
of the ShowHand token. It will also help us refine our products based on actual daily usage and customers feedback.
First, while some competitors focus on either event betting or slot machine
games, we will include both on our platform. This helps to gain attention from
different groups of players from within the gaming community. Having a
number of betting options and the possibility of continuously adding new
games that are provably fair to the platform will keep ShowHand fresh and
relevant.
Second, we think some other gaming-focused cryptocurrencies
are looking at the wrong geographic regions for early growth. One of the challenges with North America or Europe, for example, is that online gaming faces
many regulations. In the long-term, we expect that these regions will loosen
restrictions on gaming, making cryptocurrency in the gaming industry a reality. For the short-term, we recognize that regulations lead to overall market
instability in North America and Europe, making investments in these markets relatively risky compared to the Asia-Pacific. That’s why after a successful
pilot run with our two partner entertainment providers in Macau, we plan to
go international in 2019 by working with online and land based online gaming
providers in Asia.
According to the Cambridge Judge Business School, the Asia-Pacific is by far
the world’s most popular region when it comes to current cryptocurrency
adoption rates.7 Also, this region’s gaming industry is projected to grow by six
percent every year until at least 2022.

21

The graph below depicts the share of cryptocurrency users by geographical
distribution:

In addition, there are currently 17 countries in Asia where “high risk” gaming
is legal. We are seeking partnership with gaming providers in Singapore and
Japan where regulations are clear, and entertainment provider operators are
generally honest and law-abiding. Partnering with leading entertainment provider in Singapore, such as Marina Bay Sands, will give us a unique edge in accelerating our market success and building strong brand equity.

22

9. Future Roadmap
ShowHand blockchain platform roadmap is as following. We will divide development into three phases from 2018 to 2020. Each phase we set to fulfil three
key milestones. This roadmap assumes the fund-raised amount near the maximum amount, the actual pace of development will correlate to the amount of
capital we are able to raise in the ICO event.

- Genesis of ShowHand and ICO
- Release alpha Dapp wallet (codename: MACAU)
- Integration with partnering online gaming providers

- Release beta Dapp wallet (codename: VEGAS)
- Release open API for gaming providers
- Launch iOS and Android mobile client

- Release decentralized gaming templates
- Implement “Certified Fair” standard
- Launch first iteration of decentralized gaming

23

10. Core Team
Tom Cheung
Project Manager
Tom is a serial entrepreneur, he has worked with numerous
blockchain startups for creating innovative blockchain solutions. Tom holds an MBA and a B.A degree.

Mister White
Lead Blockchain Developer
Mister White is a white hat hacker and software engineer. He
has vast software development experience in solidity and
smart contract.

Russell Nibbelink
Senior Software Developer
Russell is an experienced full-stack software developer who is
passionate about cryptocurrency and blockchain technology.
Russell holds an engineering degree.

24

Sachin Rana
Head of Online Marketing
Sachin is an online marketing expert. He has gained solid experience in marketing by helping numerous blockchain
startups to reach new heights. He has worked with Ethlend
(Lend) as a head of digital marketing. Sachin graduated from
the Anna University in India.

Chuck Yang
Head of Corporate Strategy
Chuck is a co-founder of xBounty, a decentralized anonymous
tipster platform. He is a visionary entrepreneur and well respected blockchain innovator.

Delton Rhodes
Head of Public Relations
Delton is a cryptocurrency enthusiast. He is an active member
of the crypto community, contributing with his skills in social
media, copywriting and community relations.

25

Advisors & Investors:
Dr. Jochen Biedermann
Jochen is a managing partner in Silk Road group, he is also
expert in capital market, and a reputable blockchain and
Fintech consultant.

Marco Bodewein
Marco is a member of the management board at ACON
Actienbank AG.

Yuxing Ruan
Yuxing is a partner of Frankfurt AM main area.

Genevieve Leveille
Genevieve serves as a national advisor of blockchain technology for Estonian government. She is also the founder social
impact startup creating crypto ledger.

Andreas Grosjean
Andreas is a supervisory board member of Aufsichtsrat. He is
also a member of the OTC committee for the Munich Stock
Exchange.

26

11. Risk Disclosure
RISK ASSOCIATED WITH SHOWHAND TOKEN AND THE
SHOWHAND BLOCKCHAIN PLATFORM
This document DOES NOT constitute an offer or solicitation to sell
shares or securities in SHOWHAND BLOCKCHAIN PLATFORM, or
any related or associated company. Any such offer or solicitation would
be made only by means of a confidential offering memorandum, which
this is not, and in accordance with the terms of all applicable securities
and other laws. None of the information or analyses presented are intended to form the basis for any investment decision, and no specific
recommendations are intended. Accordingly, this document does not
constitute investment advice, counsel, or solicitation for investment in
any security. This document does not constitute or form part of, and
should not be construed as, any offer for the sale or subscription of, or
any invitation to offer to buy or subscribe for, any securities.
ShowHand expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct
or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever arising directly
or indirectly from: (i) reliance on any information contained in this
document, (ii) any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such information or (iii) any action resulting from such information.
ShowHand Token, ("HAND"), is a cryptographic token used by the
ShowHand Platform and related products, operated by ShowHand
Blockchain PLATFORM. (the "PLATFORM").
SHOWHAND TOKEN IS NOT A SECURITY AND THIS IS NOT AN
OFFER TO SELL A SECURITY. IT IS NOT AN INVESTMENT AND
SHOULD NOT BE PURCHASED AS AN INVESTMENT.
If you purchase SHOWHAND TOKEN, you certify that you are doing so
out of a desire to use or consume HAND on the ShowHand Blockchain
Platform, to participate in the community, or to attempt to personally
generate any consideration by using HAND on the network or in the
community.
You certify that you are not purchasing ShowHand Token for any speculative, investment, or other financial reasons.
ShowHand Token is not a cryptocurrency of value. At the time of this
writing, ShowHand token (i) cannot be exchanged for goods or services,
(ii) has no known uses outside the ShowHand blockchain platform, and

27

G
en
evi
ev
e
Le

(iii) cannot be traded on any known exchanges. There is no guarantee
and indeed there is no reason to believe – that the ShowHand token
you own will increase in value. ShowHand token is not an evidence of
ownership in, and/or right to control, the ShowHandblockchain platform.
Holding or using ShowHand token does not grant you ownership or
equity in the ShowHand blockchain platform. ShowHand token does
not grant any right to participate in the control, direction or decisionmaking of the ShowHand blockchain platform.
1) Risk of Losing Access to HAND Due to Loss of Credentials
The purchaser’s ShowHand token may be associated with a ShowHand
account until it is distributed to the purchaser. The ShowHand account
can only be accessed with login credentials selected by the purchaser. The
loss of these credentials will result in the loss of HAND. Loss of credentials associated with any third party and or digital wallet containing and
or controlling HAND will result in loss of ShowHand token. Best practices
dictate that purchasers safely store credentials in one or more backup locations geographically separated from the working location.
2) Risks Associated with the Ethereum Protocol
ShowHand token and the ShowHand blockchain platform are currently
based on the Ethereum protocol. As such, any malfunction, unintended
function or unexpected functioning of the Ethereum protocol may cause
the ShowHand blockchain platform or ShowHand token to malfunction or
function in an unexpected or unintended manner.
3) Risks Associated with Purchaser Credentials
Any third party that gains access to the purchaser’s login credentials or
private keys may be able to dispose of or misappropriate the purchaser’s ShowHand token. To minimize this risk, the purchaser should
guard against unauthorized access to their electronic devices.
4) Risk of Insufficient Interest in the ShowHand platform or Applications
It is possible that the ShowHand platform will not be used by a large
number of entertainment provider businesses, individuals, and other
organizations and that there will be limited public interest in the creation and development of distributed applications. Such a lack of interest
could impact the development of the ShowHand blockchain platform
and therefore the potential uses or utility of ShowHand token (HAND).

28

5) Risk that the ShowHand platform, as Developed, Does Not
Meet the Expectations of the Purchaser
The ShowHand blockchain platform and related applications are presently under development and may undergo significant changes before
release. Any expectations regarding the form and functionality of
HAND or the ShowHand platform held by the purchaser may not be
met upon release for any number of reasons, including a change in the
design and implementation plans and execution of the ShowHand
blockchain platform.
6) Risk of Theft and Hacking
Hackers or other groups or organizations may attempt to interfere with
the ShowHand blockchain platform or the availability of ShowHand token
in any number of ways, including, but not limited to, denial of service attacks, Sybil attacks, spoofing, smurfing, malware attacks, or consensusbased attacks, and the ShowHand blockchain platform, which could result
in the theft or loss of ShowHand token.
7) Unanticipated Risks
Cryptographic tokens are a new and untested technology. In addition to
the risks included in this Risk Disclosure, there are other risks, including
those that the Company cannot anticipate. Risks may further materialize
as unanticipated combinations or variations of the discussed risks.

29

12. References & Citations

1 James Stocks & Co. Publication. September 2016. Accessed December 26,
2017. http://www.jamesstocks.com/images/EffortandIngenuity-TheRoadtoConsolidation.pdf.
2 Pempus, Brian. "Global Gaming Market To Reach $635 Billion By 2022,
New Research Says." Card Player. September 27, 2016. Accessed December 26, 2017. https://www.cardplayer.com/poker-news/20865-globalgaming-market-to-reach-635-billion-by-2022.
3 "Investor Presentation." News release, May 2016. NetEnt. Accessed December 28, 2017. https://www.netent.com/en/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2016/04/IR-presentation-May-2016.pdf.
4 Duryee, Tricia. "ESports wagering estimated to hit $23.5B by 2020, generating revenues of $1.81B worldwide." GeekWire. September 09, 2015. Accessed December 28, 2017. https://www.geekwire.com/2015/esports-wagering-estimated-to-hit-23-5b-by-2020-generating-revenues-of-1-81bworldwide/.
5 "IOTA- WHAT IS IT, WHO IS IT?” http://www.tangleblog.com/what-isiota-what-is-the-tangle/.
6 Prisco, Giulio. "The Ethereum Killer Is Ethereum 2.0: Vitalik Buterin's
Roadmap." Bitcoin Magazine. November 29, 2017. Accessed December 28,
2017. https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/ethereum-killer-ethereum20-vitalik-buterins-roadmap/.
7 Hileman, Garrick, and Michel Rauchs. "2017 Global Cryptocurrency Benchmarking Study." SSRN Electronic Journal, 2017, 109.
doi:10.2139/ssrn.2965436.

30

