SIBCoin:
a privacy-oriented
ASIC-resistant
cryptocurrency

ver 0.3.0

November 15, 2017

Abstract
SIBCoin is a peer-to-peer cryptocurrency, employing a reimagined version
of Dash blockchain with several fundamental improvements. Introduction
of a reinforced hashing algorithm Streebog makes the coin ASIC-resistant, ensuring a decentralized ecosystem. X-layer is a platform based on Coinprsim
protocol, which allows for issuing and supporting custom-made digital assets.
Of the people, by the people, for the people!

2

Introduction
Conventional money becomes obsolete
The modern financial system is broken. It has been like that for a while, ever
since money has devolved from a medium of exchange into an instrument
of control.
The reason this happened is that money no longer belongs to the public.
Money, and by proxy economic activities and well-being of people, today is
controlled by third-party entities who play their own game.
To reclaim the money elimination of intermediaries is absolutely necessary.
Intermediaries used to be unavoidable because in a trustless environment
interacting parties required a guarantor. Blockchain, disruptive technology
underlying cryptocurrencies, provided humanity with a means to consistently maintain consensus pertaining to the state of distributed data ledger
in a completely trustless environment. In the modern world algorithm of consensus is the only viable trusted guarantor.
This is the reason SIBCoin exists, to give everyone a fair chance in a free
economy.
Cryptocurrencies are the future of money
SIBCoin’s ultimate mission is not only to provide the people with a financial
instrument that would facilitate transfer of value over the internet in trustless
environment but to introduce the broader public to cryptocurrency, decentralised autonomous organisations and blockchain philosophy in general.
SIBCoin was conceived as a local altcoin and initially circulated only in Siberia proper. It emerged as the first cryptocurrency to cater to the needs
of Russian-speaking community and perfectly filled the vacuum that existed
on much of Eastern European territories due to certain cultural and linguistic
barriers. With time SIBCoin was adopted not only by Russians and people living in neighbouring countries but even overseas.
SIBCoin does not aim to compete with national currencies. Its concept transcends nations. SIBCoin connects people sharing economic and cultural

3

proximity and welcomes to join its network anyone who shares ideals of decentralisation, honest and transparent transfer of value and financial freedom.
The Coin
SIBCoin is a decentralised digital currency
and a peer-to-peer payment processing
system. It has no need for intermediaries,
the regulatory function is carried out by a
cryptographic mathematical algorithm. SIBCoin users interact directly and form a decentralised network, where all transactions
are recorded in an open to public scrutiny
and tamper-proof digital ledger distributed
across all computers of the network and
synchronized with the help of the aforementioned algorithm.
Technology-wise SIBCoin is a Dash fork with
a number of significant tweaks. The first
block was generated in 2015.

Coin specifications

Compensation for the block is calculated as follows:
2222222
(((Complexity + 2600) / 9)2)
GPU mining.
The average residence time of a new unit: 2.6 minutes.
The difficulty is recalculated using the algorithm Dark Gravity
Wave, which avoids some of the problems with big jumps
in network capacity.

4

Compensation for the block is reduced by 7 % each year.
The maximum number of coins, estimated: 23–24 million,
provided the growth of complexity and falling unit awards
for up to 5 coins, according to the algorithm.
Uses masternode mechanism.
Why Dash fork?
Blockchain stores permanent record of all transactions that have ever taken
place on the network. These records are open to the public and can be accessed at any time. Unfortunately, pseudonymity provided by Bitcoin’s network does not offer its users sufficient privacy. Dash, on the other hand, is decentralized and strongly anonymous, with tamper-proof instant transactions.
This makes Dash blockchain technology an ideal starting point for a modern
cryptocurrency.
Other important considerations behind this choice included increased transaction speed on the network, low fees, strong privacy protection and preexisting instruments for building a tightly-knit global community incentivised
to provide various services to the ecosystem (masternode network).
SIBCoin retains all the strong points of Dash blockchain while introducing
several important enhancements of its own. The most important additions
include Streebog hashing algorithm, which makes SIBCoin ASIC-resistant,
X-Layer protocol and a host of services, which help integrate SIBCoin into
the real sector of the economy.

5

Features
Privacy
SIBCoin takes privacy very seriously.
Some regimes look at cryptocurrencies with growing suspicion or are even
on the verge of heavily regulating or even banning them. Cryptocurrency
is not an illegal or taxable asset. No one should be able to control or trace
your cryptoactivity.
As cryptocurrency’s ledger is public and open for everyone, there is always
danger of theft or extortion ( just as with large sums of fiat money or gold).
No one should be put under peril as a result of carelessness or ignorance.
For that reason SIBCoin is as secure as a cryptocurrency can be.
PrivateSend
The PrivateSend technology that renders transactions untraceable is an extended version of the CoinJoin mixer. The core mechanisms of CoinJoin were
enhanced by passive ahead-of-time mixing and a series of other improvements which led to one of the most robust coin mixers in existence.
The basic principles behind the mixers’ concept are easy to grasp. Network
transactions can be formed by multiple parties and made out to multiple
parties. PrivateSend uses this fact to basically merge different simultaneous
transactions together in a way where they cannot be uncoupled thereafter.
So far PrivateSend has proven to be unbreakable.
For more information on basic concepts of PrivateSend, please read Dash
whitepaper.

6

Community
The concept of cryptocurrency is not exhausted by the underlying technology. A healthy crypto ecosystem is maintained first and foremost by the community. From its earliest days SIBCoin was known as a strong community
project, gaining popular support first in its frigid Siberian homeland and with
time all across the globe.
Along with community building tools SIBCoin has inherited with Dash blockchain, the project has introduced a number of its own innovative concepts
which will be touched upon in this section.
Masternodes and InstantSend
SIBCoin employs a special full node structure — the so called masternode
network. Masternodes bear certain functions other than just keeping the network synchronized. SIBCoin’s masternode network doubles as a decentralised p2p exchange between SIBCoin and Bitcoin.
SIBCoin ecosystem offers financial incentivisation to masternode owners
to keep the network up and running. Apart from economic incentives masternodes also offer their owners voting rights when the network encounters
issues that require a node owners’ consensus to be reached. Social significance of masternodes will only grow over time.
To create a masternode 1000 SIB have to be locked within a wallet for as long
as masternode is operational. These coins can be withdrawn at any moment
but this will strip the node of masternode status.
7

SIBCoin’s Masternodes function the same way they are meant to function
in Dash network. For more information on basic concepts of Masternodes,
please read Dash whitepaper.
Another important function carried out by Masternode network is securing
instant transactions via InstantSend. Masternodes form quorums which allow
users to send and receive instant irreversible transactions. A transaction lock
takes only several seconds to be set currently on the network.

Streebog hashing algorithm
Ever since x11 was no longer ASIC-resistant and Dash miners started building ASIC farms, the coin slowly drifted to centralized mining model, mirroring
Bitcoin itself. This is extremely detrimental to the very spirit of cryptocurrency
and eventually to its economy.
SIBCoin contains a cryptographic hash function Streebog (GOST R 34.11-2012)
so far resistant to exploitation by ASIC manufacturers. Thanks to this precaution we are getting as close as possible to the paradigm of “one-CPU-onevote” outlined by Satoshi Nakamoto in Bitcoin’s WP.
This add-on allows to improve decentralisation without forgoing security concerns. It also serves as groundwork for the potential official implementation
in Russia as it conforms to the governmental security standards.

X-Layer
To facilitate further growth of SIBCoin ecosystem the need was identified to
make SIBCoin’s blockchain more interactive while not compromising its security. The idea behind X-Layer is not unique but it was proven to be sound,
safe and effective.
In the core of X-Layer technology lies Coinprism technology, a software layer
built on top of Bitcoin’s blockchain that allows users create sidechains for their
custom digital assets and currencies. Just like with Coinprism and Bitcoin, XLayer transactions are SIBCoin transactions in a sense that they provide the
very same level of security.

8

Services
SIBCoin is highly service-oriented. It aims to provide a better alternative to
the current systems of money transfer in Remittance and eCommerce. SIBCoin’s services are all free except for the usual transaction fees which makes
it the cheapest way of transferring value.
Wallets
Access to SIBCoin’s network can be done via a software wallet or online wallet
(including a Tor version) both available on the official site. SIBCoin also offers
the so called “Cash Chervonets”, a “paper” wallet protected by a randomly
generated secret code. "Cash Chervonets" may be issued in printed form.
Exchange and Payment Services
Moneypolo allows to replenish EUR and USD accounts with SIBCoins. Coinex
accepts payments in SIB for telecom services and exchanges SIB to fiat for
withdrawal with VISA/Mastercard.
There is also an option of buying SIBCoins directly with a bank card and making mass payments to bank cards. SIB’s native SMS-service sends in reports
on user’s transactions.

9

Telegram bot
Connect with SIBCoin network via a Telegram trader bot at @SIBWalletBot.
This bot will sell you SIBCoin, process payments and provide you with vital
crypto-trading information. Specific Seller and Buyer SIB bots are available
at @SIBsellerBot and @SIBbuyerBot.
SIBCoin community ceaselessly reaches out to retailers and service-providers in real sector. Highest priority are payment processing services. SIBCoin is
tirelessly working with partners and interested parties worldwide to establish
the most convenient and consumer-oriented payment processing network.

10

Future
In its ultimate form SIBCoin’s network will have decentralized exchange service with all other popular blockchains and a decentralized marketplace akin
to OpenBazaar. Online vendors will have instant access to SIBCoin’s network
via highly customizable and easy-to-use apps.
To root SIBCoin in real sector and ease interaction with fiat money a debit
card linked to SIBCoin wallet will be issued.

11

https://sibcoin.money/

