W H I T E P A P E R

REVISION 01/08/2017

THE SIGNATUM COMMUNITY

Contents
01		

Introduction

02		

Executive Summary

05		
		
		
		
		

Background on Algorithms
5.1
Skein .............................
5.2
CubeHash ..........................
5.3
GOST-Streebog .....................
5.4
Fugue .............................

08		
Three
		
8.1
		
8.2
			
		
8.3

05
05
06
07

Phases of Signatum Expanded
Pure Proof of Work Phase .......... 08
Hybrid Proof of Work & Proof of
Stake Phase ....................... 10
Pure Proof of Stake Phase ......... 10

11		

Skunkhash Raptor Algorithm

12		
		
		

Increased Anonymity through Tor Nodes
12.1 Increased Anonymity ............... 12
12.2 Signatum & Anonymity .............. 12

13		

Confirmations

14		
		
		

The Long-Term Plan (Roadmap)
14.1 Roadmap ........................... 14
14.2 Roadmap (Cont) .................... 15

16		
		
		
		

Contributors & References
16.1 Developers ........................ 16
16.2 Community Contributors ............ 16
16.3 References ........................ 16

THE SIGNATUM COMMUNITY

Introduction
Signatum is a cryptocurrency aimed at offering seamless
utility on both public and TOR markets. Signatum
is designed to be easily integrated into several
applications, including payment platforms, exchanges,
and marketplaces. Signatum features the new SkunkHash
Raptor algorithm that enables strong ASIC-resistance
during the proof of work phase and encourages fairness
for miners and investors alike by driving broad coin
distribution and ownership while creating real-world
application.

PAGE 1

THE SIGNATUM COMMUNITY

Executive Summary
The recent, and growing trend in new cryptocurrencies
and tokens has been to fund development through Initial
Coin Offerings (ICOs), pre-mining large quantities of
coins (leading to a centralized distribution), or
through alternative hybrid methods. Funding methods that
allow developers to control large amounts of a coin’s
circulation may lead to coin devaluation (particularly
in the case of developer “dumping”) and forces investors
to abide to a fixed team. In the event of an unsuccessful
project, the investor has no voice to the outcome.
Signatum launched on July 18th, 2017, with no pre-mine,
no initial offering, no developer fees and no bounties.
Signatum launched with a focus on creating a highly
responsive and secure network that provides a fair
environment for all miners and investors. Aimed at
decentralizing coin ownership as much as possible, it
includes an aggressive mining algorithm that targets GPU
miners and diminishes the opportunity for Application
Specific Integrated Circuit (ASIC) development with an
accelerated proof-of-work (PoW) phase. Signatum prides
itself on being a 100% decentralized community with
a driven concept, where anyone can contribute to the
development and direction of the coin, just as Bitcoin
was initially intended. The lack of ICO and development
funds allows investors to also provide significant input
and direction in a way that is non-existent in ICO based
coins.

Initial Coin Offering - An established number of coins/tokens to be sold on a certain
date for a certain rate. Similar to an IPO (Initial Public Offering) on the securities
market.
1

PAGE 2

THE SIGNATUM COMMUNITY

The launch of Signatum has challenged the current mining
process, which formerly focused on established coins
as centers for mining profit and until now failed to
offer compelling new market entrants into the GPU mining
space. Mining has never been more mainstream, and as a
result, previous mineable coins are not able to adjust
to the new environment. The number of miners has been
growing rapidly, leading to massive increases in hashing
power. With Signatum we shortened the proof-of-work
period, to allow miners to switch to other coins faster
than they would otherwise normally be able to. This
thereby enables miners to accumulate the most profit out
of their mining equipment as possible, without having
to tie down their hardware for several years to the
same coin and project. This in turn also creates a fair
mining opportunity for everyone, as the mining period
has been shortened from several years to approximately
100 days.

The accelerated mining period contributes to a fair
wealth distribution, which is observable on the Signatum
rich list (http://explorer.signatum.io/richlist).

The short PoW period safeguards against the development
of market-disrupting ASIC hardware, which is specialized
mining equipment optimized to perform specific functions
with much lower energy cost and much higher hashing
power than conventional video card mining systems.
Access to ASIC hardware is usually limited due to the
cost of creating the hardware and ASIC devices for
mining and very often carry a very steep price because
of the comparative advantages they provide. Hobbyist
miners who attempt to mine against ASIC miners have
a significant disadvantage in finding a block. As an
example of the disparity between ASIC and GPU mining, a
GPU system mining the X11 (DASH) algorithm would produce
about 1/100th of the hash rate of the latest Dash ASIC
(Bitmain’s D3). Signatum is also more environmentaly
friendly than other PoW coins since the accelerated PoW
phase requires less electricity to complete.

PAGE 3

THE SIGNATUM COMMUNITY

This coin has three phases:
*
*
*

Pure Proof of Work
Hybrid Proof of Work & Proof of Stake
Pure Proof of Stake (5% APR)

Signatum introduces a brand-new GPU-optimized algorithm,
further differentiating it from other mineable coins.
Signatum’s SkunkHash Raptor algorithm combines four
different hashing functions and one balancer. The hashing
functions combined to create this unique algorithm
are Skein, CubeHash, Fugue, and GOST-Streebog. Raptor
is the developer’s fingerprint and is used to monitor
proliferation of the SkunkHash algorithm. The mix of
algorithms increases the security of Signatum’s network
significantly by increasing the complexity of the hashing
function.

Signatum’s broad-distribution approach begins with 2,500
SIGT rewards for the first 30,000 blocks, combined with
a short block time, to ensure that as many miners as
possible can earn a fair amount of coin. Even miners
with low hashing power will have the opportunity to mine
hundreds or thousands of coins in a much shorter period
than usual. The total number of coins produced in PoW
phase is approximately 137,500,500. After the PoW phase,
Signatum enters a proof-of-stake phase and staked coins
yield interest based on the number of coins staked in
the coin-holder’s local wallet.

PAGE 4

THE SIGNATUM COMMUNITY

Background on Algorithms
Skein
Introduced in 2008, Skein is a family cryptographic
hashing function that is secure, fast, and flexible.
Skein is an efficient GPU mining algorithm that is
supported across multiple platforms and is also CPU
mineable. Skein allows for multiple block-sizes,
including 256, 512, and 1024 bits. Skein’s primary
innovation is the ability to build a hash function with
an adjustable block cipher (called “Threefish”), which
allows Skein to “hash configuration data along with the
input text from every block, and make every instance of
the compression function unique (Ferguson, et al. 2010). The
Threefish cipher employs many simple rounds of hashing to
maximize security.

CubeHash
Originally submitted to the NIST competition by Daniel
Bernstein, CubeHash is a cryptographic hash function
that, “is parametrized by a pair of positive integers
(r, b) with b ≤ 128. CubeHashr/b applies an r-round
transformation after each b-byte message block.“
(Bernstein, 2009). CubeHash allows for significant parametric
adjustment and is extremely flexible, which allows for
the function to operate across a range of computer
systems, making it a good choice for GPU-optimized
mining.

PAGE 5

THE SIGNATUM COMMUNITY

GOST-Streebog
Streebog is a cryptographic hash function that is
part of the Russian Federal Standard and it employs a
multiple-round cipher. Similar to Skein, Streebog will
present a significantly altered hash function if the
input is only slightly modified due to the avalanche
effect.

The step hash function maps two 256-bit blocks into
one, It consists of three parts:

PAGE 6

THE SIGNATUM COMMUNITY

Merge v/s Split
procedure MERGE SPLIT(S)
Step 1:

for i = 1 to N do in parallel
QUICKSORT (Si)
end for.

Step 2:

for j = 1 to [N/2] do

for i = 1,3,...,2[N/2] - 1 do in parallel

(2.1)

(i) SEQUENTIAL MERGE (Si, Si+1, Si’)
(ii) Si ← {s’i, s’2,…,s’2n/N}
(iii) Si+1 ← {s’(n/N) +1, s’(n/N) +2,…,s’2n/N}
end for
(2.2)

for I = 2, 4,…,2[(N - 1] do in parallel
(i) SEQUENTIAL MERGE (Si, Si+1, S’i)
(ii) Si ← {s’i, s’2,…,s’n/N}
(iii) Si+1 ← {s’(n/N) +1, s’(n/N) +2,…,s’2n/N}
end for
end for.

Fugue
Fugue is a hashing function that supports “variable
length inputs” (Halevi et al, 2009) that was originally
submitted by IBM to the NIST competition. Fugue can
be implemented in many environments and is resistant
to multiple current attack techniques (Halevi et al, 2009).
Fugue’s flexibility and attack resistance made it a
strong choice for inclusion into the SkunkHash Raptor
algorithm

PAGE 7

THE SIGNATUM COMMUNITY

Three Phases of Signatum
Expanded
Pure Proof of Work Phase
The first phase of Signatum is the proof-of-work phase.
The proof of work phase will last for the first 100,000
blocks, or approximately 100 days. Figure (1) details
the distribution of block rewards through the first
100,000 blocks. At the end of the PoW phase, the PoS
phase begins.

The SkunkHash Raptor algorithm supports both SGminer
(AMD) and CCminer (Nvidia) mining software.

PAGE 8

THE SIGNATUM COMMUNITY

The PoW difficulty adjustment is dynamic and executed
with Dark Gravity Wave v3 (DGW3), which was originally
created for Dash. DGW3 allows for continual difficulty
re-targeting by pulling statistical data from the last
block found and modifying the difficulty for the next
block accordingly. This allows for the algorithm to be
responsive to network hashing power dynamically, rather
than at a fixed interval which leads to a less linear
progression. DGW3 also encourages fixed block times,
regardless of the hashing power applied through mining.
Ultimately, DGW3 results in a more agile difficulty which
is best viewed by exploring the Signatum coin difficulty
charts:

Below is a chart describing the amount of coins produced
at each block.
Figure (1). Block Bracket Coin Distribution

Blocks

Rewards

Coins Generated

0 - 30,000

2,500 SIGT

75,000,000 SIGT

30,001 - 60,000

1,250 SIGT

37,498,750 SIGT

60,001 - 100,000

625 SIGT

24,999,375 SIGT

The total coins generated during the PoW phase is:
137,498,125.
Coins mined in PoW are fully mature and ready to be
transferred after 60 confirmations.

PAGE 9

THE SIGNATUM COMMUNITY

Hybrid Proof of Work & Proof
of Stake Phase
The hybrid PoS and PoW phase will last for 1,500 blocks.
This phase will begin once PoW reaches block 98,500 and
will end once miners find and complete block 100,000. The
hybrid phase is estimated to last for approximately 1.5
days.

Pure Proof of Stake Phase
Once the available 100,000 PoW blocks have been mined,
Signatum will transition into a full PoS coin. Users
staking coins through their local wallet will receive
a fixed 5% APR with payouts based on the number of coins
staked in the wallet. As an example, if a user stakes
1,000 coins through the wallet, they would receive
50 extra coins in a year ((1,000 x 1.05) - 1,000).
The staking APR is paid out every 5 minutes and coins
generated during the PoS phase will be fully mature
after 50 confirmations - after which the coins are fully
transferrable.

PAGE 10

THE SIGNATUM COMMUNITY

Skunkhash Raptor Algorithm
The algorithm is comprised of four intensive algorithms
and includes one balancer. The algorithms included are:

*
*
*
*

Skein
CubeHash
Fugue
GOST-Streebog

This combination increases the overall security of the
Signatum network by requiring any potential attackers
to overcome an extremely complex cryptographic hashing
function.

PAGE 11

THE SIGNATUM COMMUNITY

Increased Anonymity
through Tor Nodes
Official Tor nodes have been added to increase the
anonymity of the end-users, making their transactions
more secure. Connecting Signatum through a network
of relays rather than making direct connections,
increases the overall anonymity of the network and its
transactions. To secure the network even further, more
Tor nodes are planned to be added, forming part of the
already published roadmap. To help secure the network
even more, the community is also encouraged to run nodes
on their own. There are currently (26th July 2017) 261
nodes active for Signatum. For comparison, there are
more nodes active currently than Ethereum had at this
point in its launch cycle.

Signatum & Anonymity
The internet is a huge community and is continuously
going through an evolution over and over again. What is
today’s evolution will be a thing of the past tomorrow.
The right to anonymous internet access is becoming a
major challenge for organizations that are fighting to
protect this right for their users. The signatum project
offers full anonymity to users as a free selected service
by offering them completely anonymous nodes that do not
track or forward origin IP addresses and even use Tor
exit nodes to protect themselves. The web sites and
block chain explorers do not keep track of access logs
as they have been disabled. Each service that is part of
the Signatum project has internet access from the deep
web (Tor).

(Anonymous User) → Signatum Anonymous Node → Exit Node
→ Global Node Cluster

PAGE 12

THE SIGNATUM COMMUNITY

Confirmations
With an average 2-minute block time and 6 confirmations
required for full maturity for peer-2-peer transfers,
SIGT can be transferred after 720 seconds or just 12
minutes. In contrast to Bitcoin, it typically requires
3 confirmations with a block time of 10 minutes, meaning
full maturity is usually achieved after a lengthy 30
minute transaction delay. Bitcoin’s transaction times
make it less ideal for merchants unless a third party
intermediary is employed to guarantee transactions
before they are fully confirmed by the network. With
Signatum’s accelerated maturity and transaction speeds,
it is more than ideal for merchants to utilize for
customer payments. To enable merchants to easily use
Signatum as a currency for payments, a universal
SIGT wallet is planned for development and will be
connected to a payment gateway. This will also enable
the possibility to connect debit and credit card
transactions directly with the Signatum network at a
future date.

PAGE 13

THE SIGNATUM COMMUNITY

The Long-Term Plan (Roadmap)
We aim to enable the wide real-world application of
Signatum in the long-term. To achieve this objective,
specific development items that would enable SIGT to be
utilized more practically in the future are planned.
These development items include:
*

Signatum Marketplace: A marketplace that will
enable people and companies to sell products and
services around the world, using Signatum as a
currency.

*

Signatum Web Wallet: This makes SIGT easily
accessible for transactions from anywhere in the
world.

*

SignatumPay: Creating a SignatumPay feature
enables merchants to connect directly to the
Signatum network and utilize it as a payment
option. Combining this feature with SIGTs fast
transaction speeds will make the currency more
than ideal for merchants to utilize it as a
payment option.

*

A dedicated Signatum exchange site: We aim to
create a dedicated Signatum exchange site, where
end-users can buy and sell Signatum using fiat
through bank transfers, debit and credit card
transfers where and as allowed by local
regulations and oversight.

*

Signatum crowdfunding platform: Crowdfunding
through cryptocurrency is becoming more popular
and as a result, Signatum aims to create a fair
and balanced crowdfunding platform, where
investors and entrepreneurs can raise funds for
their projects, communicate business objectives
and provide updates on project status.

PAGE 14

THE SIGNATUM COMMUNITY

The Long-Term Plan (Roadmap) Cont.
Other items planned for developments or already
delivered include:
*

A Dedicated official Signatum explorer with
difficulty graph. (Delivered 24th July 2017).

*

Launching more Tor nodes in order to increase the
healthiness of the network and to increase
anonymity even further. As of today, (26th July
2017) 261 nodes are already up and running.

*

Plan & Build Signatum Foundation: more details
will be revealed at a later stage.

*

Add Signatum to more exchange sites: applications
filed for Poloniex and Bittrex (25th July 2017)
More exchange sites will increase the adaptability
of Signatum due to its greater accessibility. This
is key to making the coin more usable and
increasing the consumer awareness.

PAGE 15

THE SIGNATUM COMMUNITY

DEVELOPERS

Doctor		http://www.signatum.io
Gabriel		 http://www.signatum.io

COMMUNITY CONTRIBUTORS

Cryptovore		
http://cryptovore.com/
Padraiq		 BMTHkXVbT7JRyYtXSftHV8niVVgdp2hgyi
EatBatteries
B9oUPwdj1vwHPSKxCFcXHLbswtNpRBxost
Official Telegram & Discord Members

REFERENCES

http://csrc.nist.gov/archive/aes/round2/conf3/papers/06-iharvey.pdf
Ferguson, et al (2010) http://www.skein-hash.info/sites/default/files/skein1.3.pdf
Bernstein (2009) http://cubehash.cr.yp.to/submission/tweak.pdf
Halevi (2009) http://researcher.watson.ibm.com/researcher/files/us-csjutla/fugue_
Oct09.pdf
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CubeHash
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GOST_(hash_function)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skein_(hash_function)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fugue_(hash_function)
http://algs4.cs.princeton.edu/22mergesort
https://www.dash.org/dark-gravity-wave
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proof-of-work_system
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proof-of-stake

COPYRIGHT © 2017, THE SIGNATUM PROJECT

