WHITEPAPER

ANNOTATION

3

INTRODUCTION
Methods of market analysis
Trading automation
Community

4
4
5
5

SIMDAQ PLATFORM
Training on historical data
Simulator
Charting engine
Historical data
Consensus for historical data processing
Statistics collection
Gamification and learning
Demo version
Trading robots
Development environment
Testing on historical data
Community Hub
Simdaq Marketplace
Rating system
Trading signals
Streaming of trades
Training with mentors
Social trading
Decentralized tournaments
Road map

6
6
6
6
6
6
7
7
7
7
7
8
8
8
8
8
8
9
9
9
9

SMQ TOKEN
How to use SMQ token
Benefit from purchasing SMQ token during the ICO
Liquidity plan

10
10
10
10

ICO DETAILS
Payments methods
Blockchains
ICO Summary
ICO Structure

11
11
11
12
12

TEAM & ADVISORS

13

THERMS, CONDITIONS AND RISKS
SMQ token is not an investment
SMQ tocken does not guarantee property rights
Risk of failure
Technical risks

15
15
15
15
15

ANNOTATION
Simdaq is a platform created for the democratization and development of cryptotrading.
Simdaq will not only provide community members with advantage in trading, but also will
help trading ecosystem around crypto-currencies to become more mature.
Simdaq allows using historical trading data from various markets for backtesting in order
to develop trading skills quickly and without risk and become an experienced trader.
Moreover, Simdaq makes it possible to develop and test trading strategies in fast and efficient
way. For training, you can choose a trading instrument, period, speed, volume of capital,
leverage, or train using specially prepared demonstration examples. Among the trading
instruments, a wide range of crypto currencies and tokens will be available. In the future,
traditional tools such as stocks, futures, Forex, etc. will be added. The training process
is as close to real trading as possible.
Simdaq also provides you with an environment for trading robots development and testing
to automate trading strategies. Test results are visualized for the most detailed analysis,
and comprehensive statistics is gathered. A decentralized Simdaq Marketplace provides
access for reliable and well-tested robots and trading signals that can be used by community
members for real trading.
Simdaq is an ecosystem for the community of people who are interested in the world of
trading. The platform provides a wide range of opportunities for sharing experience and
ideas: streaming of trades, social trading, individual and group trading with mentors, analytics
of recent cases, tournaments, access to opinion leaders and experts. The content is created
by the community for the community and is available through Simdaq Marketplace.
SMQ token is a currency that Simdaq accepts as a payment for subscription and additional
services. Also, community rewards the contributors to Simdaq Marketplace with SMQ.
After the ICO, SMQ token will be available on several exchanges, and its value and liquidity
will have a direct correlation with the community activity.

3 of 15

INTRODUCTION
Exchange trading is an extremely aggressive and risky environment. More than 70% of traders
lose all their funds during the first year of operation, and less than 10% become sustainably
profitable. The market constantly rotates. The reasons for this significant rotation are difficult
predictability of financial markets, and poor preparation of beginners. An obsessive
advertisement of brokers promises instant enrichment and provokes novice traders to commit
poorly planned transactions, losing their capital. Thus, the process of acquiring of experience
and developing of trading skills turns to be extremely painful and expensive process.
In addition, even if a trader aims to develop trading skills, he turns out to be very limited in
tools. He is offered with two options: either a demo account with a broker where trading is
almost always carried out in real-time without acceleration and there are no high-quality
tools for analyzing and statistics collection, or specialized software that allows using historical
data of trades for training, significantly increasing the speed of training. However, it should be
noted that usually such software is hard to learn and expensive. In addition, there is a
challenge of buying high quality historical data. Simdaq mission is to increase the level of
trading among private investors by creating an ecosystem of effective tools and aggregation of
the community.

Methods of market analysis
Depending on volume and period of the investment, two main approaches are used: technical
and fundamental analysis. For traditional markets, both methods equally indicate the state
of market and complement each other.
Fundamental analysis is used to study financial and economical state of industries, individual
companies and their investment attractiveness. Companies are attractive if their stocks are
sustainable in the long term, and the companies have a potential for further development.
In fundamental analysis investor reviews the financial state of the company, prospects for
its development, news, documents, which it publishes about itself in the public domain.
Note that recently the cases of falsification of news and data on the state of companies are
increased.
Technical analysis is done based on trading data from the past. It includes the analysis of
charts with different time intervals, information about trading volume and other important
statistical data. In technical analysis, a variety of tools and methods are carried out, but all
of them are ultimately based on the analysis of recurring patterns of supply and demand,
characterizing the mood of investors at a specific moment, ignoring macroeconomic indicators
of the traded asset.
In the context of crypto currency markets, possibilities of fundamental analysis are limited.
Technical analysis has much greater importance, as crypto currency market is still driven
by the laws of supply and demand. Like any skill, the skill of technical analysis develops
through hard training. Simdaq provides an arsenal of tools for training, and much attention
is paid to the effectiveness of improving the skills of technical analysis.
4 of 15

Trading automation
An important component of successful trading is discipline. Human factor often ruins the
trading strategy. Traders follow their emotions and make deals doomed to a loss. It is a human
nature to get tired and make mistakes. In addition, in order to analyze a complex situation,
one may need significant amount of time during which the market will continue its movement,
closing old opportunities and opening new ones. These prerequisites, along with the explosive
development of computer science, allowed trading robots that follow algorithms to take
their place and become an integral part of the trading infrastructure. On average, 10-25%
of the total trading volume is carried out by programs, and on some days, this value reaches
50%. The program does not give in to emotions, makes decisions quickly and in strict
accordance with the specified rules. This makes trading robots hard to compete with. To
remain competitive, a private investor needs the introduction of trade automation. This
will allow trader to get rid of routine actions and to monitor the effectiveness of his trading
strategy at a higher level.
At a time when trader has mastered the basics of technical analysis and has gained some
experience of trading on historical data, he starts to form a set of certain rules on which trade
decisions are made. Simdaq provides an environment for creating trading algorithms, which
pushes the trader for clear formalization of their trading decisions and risk control strategies
from the early stages of training. Formalization of the trading algorithm allows you to test the
strategy on a large number of historical data, thereby either confirming reliability or quickly
identifying weaknesses. This allows you to deeply understand the processes occurring in the
market and accelerate the process of training even more.

Community
Sharing experience and knowledge transfer are the basis of evolutionary development on
any field. Teaching tools, including tools for improving trading skills, cannot exist in isolation
from the community, whose members help each other to move to the next level of development.
That's why in Simdaq a lot of attention is paid to the community and the decentralized
infrastructure for interaction. In addition, Simdaq has mechanisms that allow the community
to create content on its own and reward participants who create
this content through Simdaq Marketplace. This is
possible thanks to the technology of smart
contracts and local currency SMQ
issued during ICO.

5 of 15

SIMDAQ PLATFORM
The Simdaq platform consists of tools that help you to improve your trading skills, and tools
for interaction between community members. Thus, an entire ecosystem is created allowing
each participant to develop and benefit.

Training on historical data
A simulation of trading on historical data is an effective method of obtaining risk-free trading
experience and developing technical analysis skills. Simdaq provides the required tools
suitable for all levels of traders.

Simulator
Simdaq simulator allows simulating trading of the selected financial instrument in a certain
time interval using historical data. It is also possible to choose the trading tool and time
interval randomly for deeper dive into technical analysis. The trading session can be finely
adjusted by choosing the initial balance and the leverage. You can switch between different
chart periods, evaluating short-term and long-term trends. During the trading session, you
can increase the speed for acceleration of training or slow it down for the most careful analysis.
The trading process is as close to reality as possible. According to the road map level 2 of
historical data and portfolio management of the stocks will be introduced, that will guarantee
even a better experience.

Charting engine
Visualization of market is one of the main functions of Simdaq. That is why Simdaq has one
of the most advanced graphic libraries, which has a wide range of tools for analysis. Different
types of chart types, more than 500 different drawing tools and built-in technical indicators
allow you to implement any idea you have for data analysis. In addition, it is possible to extend
the rich arsenal of graphic tools and create custom technical indicators. Smart charts
technology allows you to save all the actions that user makes for later repetition and error
analysis session.

Historical data
The quality of historical data is the key for effective trading strategy. To provide high quality
standards, Simdaq collects historical data from several vendors that pass multi-level checks
and are carefully compared. Conflicts are resolved in semi-manual mode. To collect level 2
data Simdaq creates its own dumpers and parsers for a wide range of crypto-exchanges.

Consensus for historical data processing
When parsing and processing historical data, Simdaq always takes data from at least 3
suppliers. If at some point data from vendors begin to differ, an attempt is made to resolve
the conflict in an automatic mode: if data from one provider for a certain period of time is
absent or does not coincide with the others, and the other providers have the same data,
then the conflict is resolved automatically. Otherwise the case is escalated for manual
resolution.
6 of 15

Statistics collection
For each trading session, Simdaq collects and stores all the actions taken and statistics.
It helps you to make the training process flexible and analyze specific errors. This approach
allows you to understand deeply what happens in the market, identify situations that are
already clear for you and situations that still need to be investigated, or those that should
be avoided. Every trader has his own vision of the market, and everyone is strong in a certain
aspect. Comprehensive statistics provides the ability to pinpoint strengths and weaknesses
and allow distinguishing randomness from logical outcomes. Thus, users will always get the
complete information about each session and about their effectiveness in general.

Gamification and learning
Simdaq step-by-step training system is friendly for traders of any level. For the beginners,
gamification and detailed demonstration of the basics are being developed. The analysis
of specific cases, reviews of different practices and methods of trade will be interesting
for advanced traders. Simdaq user experience is simple and clear, with plenty of hints and
tooltips. This allows novice traders to learn and navigate the basics quickly, and experienced
traders to move fast to the next level.

Demo version
Simdaq.com provides access to a demo simulator. This is one of the earliest versions focused
only on demonstrating the principles of trading skills training on historical data. The design
and functionality will be changed in the final release.

Trading robots
Nowadays, methods of algorithmic trading and automation provide a serious advantage
in trading as programs can outperform humans in many aspects. Programs are emotion-free
and never get tired; they make decisions quickly with no mistakes. Automated and semiautomated trading systems are presented more and more often in the arsenal of not only
institutional investors, but also private traders. Simdaq platform allows you to easily formalize
trading strategies and significantly extend your set of trading techniques. Moreover, after
implementation of real-time data feed, your trading algorithms can be used as advisors for
real trading, and after obtaining the appropriate license by Simdaq your robots can be
executed for real trading inside the platform.

Development environment
Simdaq development environment consists of several levels. The first, visual level, makes
it easy to understand the principles of automatic trading and create a modular trading system
consisting of rules for opening, maintaining and closing a position. The modular approach
makes it much easier to test and debug the trading system. More advanced users will be
able to create their own skeleton from modules and implement each of the modules in the
form of program code. For those who need more flexibility to implement their trading strategy,
Simdaq will provide a powerful mathematics library and ability to design its entire algorithm
in the form of a single program.

7 of 15

Testing on historical data
Simdaq allows you to quickly backtest the created automatic trading systems using large
amount of historical data. This helps either to confirm the reliability of the system, or to
understand which parts need to be improved. Visualization of trade decisions made by the
program makes it easy to debug the system. A trader can optimize his trading system by
running a series of tests with different sets of parameters. For each test, detailed statistics
is collected, which allows you to track the effectiveness of the program in each case and
on each set of financial instruments. Statistical module also has special indicators, such as
maximum drawdown of capital, profit factor etc., which exclude the possibility of incorrect
interpretation of profitable trading sessions when it is a result of randomness or excessive
optimization of parameters.

Community Hub
Simdaq Community Hub is a specially created environment for sharing knowledge and
experience within the Simdaq platform. It unites participants to achieve a common goal –
to improve their trading results.

Simdaq Marketplace
Decentralized Simdaq Marketplace is a major element of the Community Hub. It allows
community members to create content, publish it and receive a reward from other users
and from the Simdaq platform with SMQ tokens issued during the ICO.

Rating system
The rating system, based on the statistics of the trading sessions, makes it possible to
evaluate the quality of content published by the participant. The rating takes into account
not only the profitability of the trader, but also his performance in comparison with other
traders and in comparison with the "buy and hold" strategy.

Trading signals
Automatic trading algorithms created in Simdaq environment can be easily published in
Simdaq marketplace for selling the algorithm or trading signals. Community members see
the complete statistics of each trading robot, can check in black box mode how the robot
behaves on some data sample, and decide whether to follow the trading signals of this robot
or not. To subscribe to the trading signals, community members will need to pay SMQ to the
author of the robot.

Streaming of trades
Smart charts technology can save every action made by user, that allows to significantly
optimize the data transfer and implement our own platform for streaming, as if the one you
are following trades directly on your computer.

8 of 15

Training with mentors
Transferring knowledge from a more experienced trader to less experienced one is a natural
learning process, and Simdaq has the required environment for conducting individual or
group courses with mentors. The technology of streaming using smart charts allows mentors
to easily broadcast their actions and to monitor the actions of students in the process of
performing tasks. Rating system and trade statistics allow you to choose a mentor who can
really transfer you to the next level of market understanding and trading.

Social trading
With Simdaq streaming technology and smart charts technology, social trading is moving
to the next level. You are not just blindly following the leader, but monitoring the analysis
conducted by leader and understanding the essence of what is happening. For the leader
it is also an opportunity to create better content and get a fair reward for it.

Decentralized tournaments
Using the technology of smart contracts Simdaq Marketplace introduces decentralized
tournaments both for traders and for trading programs where everyone can demonstrate
their skill in analysis using the same selected scenario. Participants compete not only among
themselves, but also with the "buy and hold" strategy, so the prize fund can be left
unreleased and pass to the next tournament.

Road map

Q1 2018

Q2-Q3 2018

Q4 2018

Q1 2019

Q2-Q3 2019

– Trading simulation on
historical data

– Environment for
trading automation
and robots development

– Simdaq
MarketPlace

– Streaming

– Licensing
for real
trading

– Statistics collection
– Trading reports

9 of 15

– Real time data feed
– Educational case studies

– Tournaments
– Rankings

– Social
trading

SMQ TOKEN
Simdaq is an ecosystem with a set of tools, social platform and virtual marketplace. In order
for such a system to work effeciently and the interaction between participants to be simple
and understandable, an internal currency is needed. SMQ tokens issued during the ICO
are used as internal currency of Simdaq ecosystem. After the token release, it will be added
to a number of cryptocurrency exchanges, so the community members can always sell the
earned tokens, which creates a full cycle of token circulation.

How to use SMQ token
SMQ will be accepted as an exclusive payment method in the entire Simdaq ecosystem,
so inside the system itself the growing demand for SMQ is created. Same as ETH is not
only a currency but also required for smart contracts execution SMQ is required for Simdaq
platform operations.
SMQ is required to:
1. Pay for subscriptions to Simdaq services;
2. Pay for content and services created by community members and published in Simdaq
Marketplace:
a. Buy trading robots and signals;
b. Reward the authors for streaming of trades and analyzing the cases;
c. Pay reward to the social trading leader;
d. Pay for the mentors’ services.
3. Publish content in Simdaq Marketplace
4. Promote content in Simdaq Marketplace
5. Make a contribution to the decentralized tournament prize fund
6. Pay for calculations for trading robots backtesting
Besides that, SMQ can always be exchanged to other currencies on various markets.
With increase of level of user involvement demand for SMQ grows. On a basic level when
user works with trading simulator using historical data to improve his level of trading he
needs SMQ only to cover the subscription for the service. Once user gets basic experiences
he becomes interested in Simdaq Marketplace content and SMQ is required to reward the
content contributors. At some point user becomes experienced enough to create his own
content and he needs SMQ to publish and promote his content. At certain level user starts
developing his own trading robots and needs additional SMQ for backtesting that requires
lots of calculations. This model has wide range of abilities for developing economy inside
the project as demand in SMQ increases while user involvement level grows.

Benefit from purchasing SMQ token during the ICO
The base price for SMQ during the ICO is $ 0.5 USD, which is only 20% of the price after
the release of the platform in terms of the cost of platform services at the rate of SMQ.
For example, the cost of a monthly subscription will be $ 10 USD or 4 SMQ, and the
annual cost will be $ 100 USD or 25 SMQ. Thus, the price level on the exchanges is
expected to rise to at least $ 2.5 USD for 1 SMQ that makes 5 times growth, after which
the price increase of SMQ will be continued and it will be closely related to the growth
of the Simdaq platform and the value created by each active platform participant.

10 of 15

Liquidity plan
SMQ is an exclusive payment method within the Simdaq platform. Thus, the platform will
actively advertise exchanges, where you can buy SMQ tokens among new customers.
20% of collected funds and 20% of the issued tokens are allocated for active market
makings in order to maintain liquidity on exchanges and turnover of the token. Also,
predicting the demand from new customers, the Simdaq will regularly buy SMQ tokens
on the exchanges acting as a gateway between new customers and exchanges.
In addition, the demand for SMQ on the exchange depends on how popular is the service
and how active is the community creating the content. As described above, the greater the
level of user involvement, the higher the demand for SMQ. This is a base for natural explosive
growth in demand, along with the development of the Simdaq platform.

ICO DETAILS
Exact date for ICO start to be announced additionally. The main focus of Simdaq project is
the community, so the ICO strategy is aimed to reach the wide audience and involve
participants in the project.

Payments methods
To attract the largest number of participants during the ICO, a large number of cryptocurrencies are accepted: BTC, ETH, LTC, DASH, WAVES, BCH. In addition, a gateway is
configured for accepting fiat money from credit cards or wire transfers.

11 of 15

ICO Summary
What is SMQ?

Simdaq project internal currency. The demand
and price of the token depend on how popular
the service is and how active is the community.

Initial token price

Fixed. 0.5 USD = 1 SMQ + bonuses for
early participation.

Crowdsale duration

6 weeks

Emission volume

25 000 000 SMQ, unsold tokens will be burned

Blockchains

Waves

Distribution process

The distribution of SMQ tokens will occur after
the completion of the crowdsale

Soft cap

500 000 USD

Hard cap

5 000 000 USD

Investor protection

If the minimum cap is not reached,
funds are refunded

Participants from the USA

Not allowed on the first phase

Payment methods

BTC, ETH, LTC, DASH, WAVES, BCH, Fiat

ICO Structure
70%

20%

Distributed to investors

Stabilization fund
to keep SMQ turnover

Bonuses

20%

Days 1-2

12 of 15

15%

Days 3-7

10%

2nd Week

5%

3rd Week

0%

4th Week

7% 3%

Team Bounty

TEAM

Evgenii Dubovoi

Partner,
Product and Management

Experience in trading and trading
algorithms development. Participated
in development and maintenance of
mining pools and several cryptocurrency
infrastructure projects.
Experienced entrepreneur, crowdsale
specialist. Founder of Evapolar – company
that started from crowdfunding and became
a large electronics manufacturer.

Alexander Usikov

Lead software developer

High qualified professional software developer
and architect. Participated in various complex
and high load projects including biggest
Russian taxi ordering and food delivering
services. Big experience in financial and banking
software development.

Evgenii Levitin

Community and partnership

Seven years experience in managing group
processes and community management in
such fields as e-learning, foodtech and fintech.
Building long-term successful partnerships with
both customers and contractors is my area.

13 of 15

Vladimir Levitin

Partner, Marketing
and User Engagement

Experienced manager of marketing
and design projects. Participated and
managed development of marketing
strategy of tech companies and startups.
Managed software, hardware and
robotics design projects. Implemented
Design Thinking methodology for 4 years.
Founder and CPO at Evapolar – company
that started from crowdfunding and
became a large electronics manufacturer.

Saveliy Bobov

UX and Art Direction

More than 10 years developing interfaces
for big brands. Led projects for Xiaomi,
Morgan Stanley, Yandex Money. Developed
products on all steps from concepting to
implementation, support and growth after
that. Extremely experienced in mobile and
web interface research.

Yaroslav Levishchev
Analytics

Being a wide experienced analyst used
to work on chemistry materials, lithium
batteries, conditioning technologies and
coal methane gas extraction, private
intelligence and financial analysis.
Pasionate about the future of technologies.
Concerned about private money history
and financial markets regulations all over
the centuries.

ADVISORS

Eduard Gurinovich
CEO at Mytc.io
Serial entrepreneur and investor, founder of a number of big and famous projects
like CarPrice and CarMoney. Works on several new project in crypto industry now
applying his professional skills in finance, analytics, market building and business
development.

Vitaliy Tsigulev
Entrepreneur and expert in the ICO and blockchain sphere. More than 7 years of
work experience in the fintech and crypto industry. Since 2016, the founder of the
Digital Finance Agency, which specializes in arranging ICOs and PR for fintech and
blockchain projects. Supervised over 5 successful ICOs

Julian L. Zegelman, Esq.
Julian is an experienced corporate attorney, serial entrepreneur and angel investor.
He is a Managing Partner at Velton Zegelman PC, a boutique corporate and
securities law firm with offices in San Francisco (CA), Sunnyvale (CA), and Moscow
(Russia). Julian’s practice focuses on corporate law, securities, venture capital, and
the emerging field of cryptocurrency law. He is currently acting as company’s
counsel in numerous high profile token sales ranging from Singapore to Delaware.
Julian is also a Founding Partner at TMT CryptoFund, a $60M blockchain focused
VC fund and an advisor to numerous blockchain companies.

Dr. Vitaly Berzon
Investor, managing partner for several investment institutions(Germany, Israel, USA)
with more than 15 years experience, with profound technical background. Top areas
of professional interests are cryptocurrency, payment systems, hi-load software
solutions based on blockchain technology. One of early investors in
the cryptocurrency. In the past 16 years was involved into more than 40 startups.

Michael Hoh
Michael has been a member of the board of different well-known, international
financial service companies as the former AXA daughter ZSH and OVB. After an
apprenticeship at Bayerische Vereinsbank and his studies in Law and Economics he
started his carrier as an Assistant to the Board of Allianz Insurance Group. Since
that time he is engaged in the development, structuring, operation, analysis and
sales of fund and alternative investment concepts: Public closed end funds as well
as private placements, club deals and structured bonds for professional investors in particular in the field of Venture and Real Estate investments.

Mikhail Lunev
Founder of eCoinomy Ltd, company that focuses on complex projects
in finance and blockchain like cointrend.me and Tailor Swift Token sale platform.

14 of 15

TERMS, CONDITIONS AND RISKS

SMQ token is not an investment
SMQ tokens are the internal currency of Simdaq project; they are not some sort of formal
or legally binding investment. Due to unforeseen circumstances, the objectives set forth
in this document may be amended. All individuals and parties involved in the purchase
of SMQ tokens do it at their own risk.

SMQ tocken does not guarantee property rights
SMQ tokens do not guarantee the rights to any property or the right to make managerial
decisions regarding the Simdaq project.

Risk of failure
It is possible that, for various reasons, the Simdaq platform and the team's actions in terms
of marketing and promotion may not be successful. The team will take all necessary measures,
however, cannot guarantee the commercial success of the platform.

Technical risks
There are technological risks associated with the development of the Simdaq platform and
Waves and Ethereum blockchains presented in the project. In the event of malfunctioning
of WAVES or Ethereum, SMQ tokens may work in an unexpected manner.

This document is not a public offer. All relations arising in connection with participation in
this ICO are governed by the Terms and Conditions posted at http://simdaq.com/tc/
15 of 15

