Project White Paper of The Ecological Value Chain
of Smartshare Internet of Things

March 2018 V3.0

Statements: Contents written in the white paper can only be served as references
for community users and technology followers, and during the development
process, the version upgrading will be protected with the refreshing and

synchronized contents. Please spread contents with accessory statements added.
For more information please contact: hi@smartshare.vip

2

Catalogue
Abstract
ChapterⅠ The Overview of Industry and Blockchain Technology
 Development and Current Situation for Internet of Things
 The Problems faced by Internet of Things Industry
 Blockchain Technology Applied on Internet of Things Industry
Chapter II Technical Architecture and Advantages of Smartshare
 System Architecture
 Smart Chip SmartAgent
 The Public Smartshare Chain
 Smart Contract
 DAPP
 Data Asset Platform

Chapter III Commercial Modes and Project Applications
 Industry Applications of Smart Hardware
 The Application of the Shared Economy of Internet of Things
 Data and Asset Transaction Application of Internet of Things
 The Terminal Asset Transaction of Internet of things
Chapter Ⅳ Product and Project Planning
 Product Planning
 Project Process and Planning
 Route-map and Milestones

Chapter V Introduction of SSP Token
 Introduction of SSP Token
 The value of SSP Token
 The Assignment Planning of SSP Token

Chapter Ⅵ Smartshare Team and Foundation
 Core Team
 Advisors
 Foundation
Chapter Ⅶ Contact Us


Contact Method

3

Abstract
Smartshare is an intelligent and credible decentralized blockchain technology
platform designed to reshape the value ecosystem and data value of the Internet
of things. Currently, the Internet of things terminals and the resulting volume of
data are increasing. As for the Internet of things enterprises, the pressure of
innovation in their business models is becoming more and more urgent. It does
not only mean to improve the well-known framework of the public or simplify
the original business models but also gain competitive advantages from the new
technology and new opportunities.
Therefore, we think that the Internet of things enterprises need to fundamentally
change their traditional way of value creation and value acquisition. On the other
hand, more and more data are generated by the terminal equipment and joint
behaviors by human beings and terminals, but the value and ownership of data
are never really assigned, evaluated, quantified and used. Users, as producers of
data, have never owned it and benefited from it, and the data value has been
separated into isolated islands without an effective interworking mechanism.
We Smartshare think that the data generated by the joint behaviors by users and
terminals is one of the most valuable data in human life. Smartshare will realize
the reconfiguration of ecological value together with the right and transaction of
data value in the Internet of things industry through the public blockchain
technology and solutions of the Internet of things intelligent terminal industry.
Smartshare's products and technologies will implement the following three
phases:

First, Smartshare is creating a public chain of industry values and is building a
value ecosystem for the Internet of Things. Smartshare develops decentralized
value-based public chains based on the characteristics of the Internet of Things
(IoT) industry and supports a variety of industry applications. It provides
hardware adaptations such as smart chips and SDKs, combines cryptography,
distributed architecture, and the adoption of a DPOS consensus backbone, to
build a secure and decentralized blockchain network that supports high
concurrency.
Second, the decentralization of the data trading platform and the value
circulation of the terminal data will be realized. Smartshare will solve the data
value problems in the IoT terminal and realize the users’ data rights and value
trading via the decentralized trading platform, besides, it will protect the data
value of users and devices.

Third, Smartshare aims to achieve the interconnection of all things and terminal
value trading. In the interconnected network, the blockchain is used to
decentralize the trusted environment and realize the value exchange among the
terminals.
4

Finally, the vision of Smartshare is to use blockchain to activate the huge IoT
industry. Both people and terminals become the components of Smartshare
blockchain network, forming a value-based economic community based on
terminals, service, and data usage rights and ownership as the trading vehicle.
Chapter I
The Overview of Industry and Blockchain Technology


Development and Current Situation for IoT

The Internet connects people from all over the world to form a virtual online
world. By connecting people, countless information and resources will flow
quickly, create new wealth, and form a new economy. However, IoT is regarded as
the extension of Internet, connecting “everything” through sensors, RFID (Radio
Frequency Identification) technologies, and other technologies. Although the
Internet has transformed the traditional economy and brought new vitality, the
virtual world and the real world still have obstacles. The IoT expands the
“connection" to open up the virtual world and the real world, forming a new
world of "all things connected”.
Each device in IoT can act as an independent business entity, sharing capabilities
and resources with other devices at very low transaction costs. On the IoT, each
device can report its status, such as the smart watch, smart bracelet, and even the
refrigerator in your family. These devices can collect and transmit data through
the Internet to form our big data world.

In 2005, the global marketing scale for IoT has reached 62.4 billion dollars, a
year-on-year increase of 29%. By 2018, the global IoT device market is expected
to reach US$103.6 billion. The compound growth rate will reach 21% from 2013
to 2018. The number of new IoT devices accessed in 2019 will increase from
1.691 billion units in 2015 to 30.54. billion units.


The Problems faced by Internet of Things Industry

With the continuous advancement of technology, the development and
application of IoT technology has achieved remarkable results in recent
years.However, the Internet of Things technology is also faced with many
problems and challenges, and several key problems are as followings:

•The waste of terminal resources and incomplete usage of numerous IoT facilities
have resulted in idle resources. Many IoT vendors and users do not benefit from
IoT data and terminals.

•It is difficult to form a valuable ecological system; although more and more
terminals have solved the usage requirements of users, IoT enterprises lack
operating mechanism and capacity. This leds to the phenomenon that there is no
5

way to maintain user ecosystem, to form the incentive system, or to establish the
positive recycling eco-system between manufacturers and users.

•The deficiency of the centralized system, that is, any equipment is short of
mutual trusting mechanism. All equipment needs to be checked with the data of
IoT center. Once the database collapses, it will cause great losses to the entire IoT.

•Plenty of valuable data created by users is idle or stolen. Most of the
centralization networking platform of terminal equipment enterprises or service
providers have the authority to collect and analyze user data and control user
equipment without user authorization, which poses a great threat to user
privacy and security.


Blockchain Technology Applied on Internet of Things Industry

Blockchain technology, also known as distributed ledger technology, is an
Internet database technology, that is characterized by decentralization, openness,
and transparency so that everyone can participate in database records. After the
smart protocol technology appears, the blockchain evolves from the logger of
information to the executor of the transaction. Low-cost, automated transaction
can significantly reduce the cost of value exchange and combine with the IoT to
develop the unimaginable scenarios . Blockchain technology can not only provide
suitable solutions for recording data from all IoT units but also guarantee the
data cannot be modified after being recorded.
In response to the problems faced by the current IoT industry, blockchain
technology will be applied to solve the following problems:
（1）The Distributed ledger guarantees that the data is not tampered with and
uniqueness.
（2）Smart protocols ensure the transaction be reliable and high-efficient.
（ 3 ） The transmitting and storing architecture of distributed data should be
peer to peer.
（ 4 ） The data under the distributed environment should be protected via the
encryption and authentication mechanism.

Smartshare will establish a blockchain ecosystem based on the IoT value flow as
a core requirement.

Smartshare subverts the existing IoT industry-centric trading platform through
blockchain technology, and uses SSP token to realize the quantification and value
circulation of the terminals and data in the platform to enhance the ecological
value of the IoT.Meanwhile, as an IoT industry value chain, Smartshare combines
various scenarios of the Internet of Things industry for in-depth coverage and
applications, and applies blockchain technology to more new businesses.
6

Chapter II
Technical Architecture of Smartshare
1. Smartshare System Architecture

The Smartshare system architecture is composed of the IoT layer, access layer,
main chain, contract layer, and application service layer.

Descriptions of the System Architecture

• IoT Layer:
Smartshare in-depth cooperation with the IoT vendors in order to enhance the
use of terminal value for the benefit of the premise of sharing, continuing to build
cooperative ecological chain.
• Access Layer:
Smartshare provides a series of smart chips, SDKs, and APIs to help developers
access blockchain networks and build decentralized applications.

• Main Chain:
The main chain of Smartshare optimizes the DPOS consensus, greatly improving
performances and meeting the high concurrency environment of the IoT.
• Contract Layer:
Smart protocols are applied to IoT to implement commercial contracts.
According to different application scenarios, smart protocol modules that can
automatically execute preset logic can be selectively added.
• Application Service Layer:
Developers can develop and submit DAPP according to the application
development rules and business conduct guidelines of the cloud chain platform
and follow the relevant regulations.
7

2. Smart Chip SmartAgent

The SA is built on a special security chip. The block diagram is as follows:

The SA is designed and implemented based on a dedicated security chip,
providing better security and performance power consumption characteristics.
The external dimensions can also be smaller. It is more conducive to system
integration. The hardware-level trusted computing system improves the overall
trust level of the shared network and provides a reliable basis for the
development of the shared network.

Smartshare connects the entire ecosystem through ShareAgent. Each Smartshare
node has one and only one ShareAgent (hereinafter referred to as SA) built on a
dedicated smart chip. The core functions of the SA include: node authentication,
node asset management, service measurement and distribution control, service
price evaluation, and service billing settlement. Smartshare connects these nodes
via SA to achieve shared value exchange.

• Node Authentication
The SA authenticates the legitimacy of the shared node. As a security element for
the shared network authentication, the SA already has the basic legality of the
shared network grant. At the same time, for the nodes of the nature of electronic
8

information equipment, SA also undertakes the function of identifying the
legitimacy of the system equipment related to the node.

• Node Asset Management
The SA serves as an electronic wallet, which is responsible for receiving, paying,
and storing node’s digital currency assets. The SA is also responsible for
managing other assets owned by the node in the shared network, for example,
data assets stored in the shared storage, shared service information being
provided externally, etc.
• Service Descriptions
Representing the node, the SA provides to the shared network the shared service
information including service types, service definitions, etc.

• Dealing with Transaction
On behalf of the nodes, the SA provides service quotations to the shared network,
including supply quotes and demand quotes. Based on the price of one’s own
party and the price of the service counter parties, it matches the transactions on
the principle of benefiting oneself within the scope of the fair rules.

• Service Measurement and Distribution Control
The SA cooperates with the shared network to accurately measure the externally
provided or accepted services of the node in a fair manner, records the unsettled
service measurement information, and coordinates the process and steps of the
node to provide or receive services. For example, during the process of sharing a
storage service, tasks such as data transmission, confirmation, and routine health
inspection of data stored on the node are coordinated.

• Settlement
Based on the established match trading contracts, the SA manages the settlement,
transfer, etc. of deposits, installment payments, and final payments.
3. The Public Smartshare Chain

Smartshare Chain adopts DPOS as its consensus mechanism, and it improves and
optimizes itself. It does not need to spend extra computing power to achieve the
equity distribution after the production of blocks. According to the transaction
status of the network, it can also dynamically determine whether the agent or all
nodes verify the results of smart contracts.

Smartshare Chain will publish Token as an important economic tool for
community incentive and consensus mechanisms. Token-holders not only gain
the access to basic blockchain services such as contract release and network
forks, but also participate in voting and gain token awards as agent nodes. The
holder of each token is called an equity person, and the corresponding voting
weight is assigned in accordance with the Token holding quantity. The agent
node is selected by the equity holder. The first 99 agents with the highest
number of votes in turn authenticate the transactions, and all the agent nodes
determine the order which cannot be tampered with. An agent gains profits if he
9

works normally and gets punishment otherwise.

After optimization, this consensus mechanism can further enhance network
trading capabilities. For example, for some smart contracts that take a long time
or occupy a large internal state space. The agent only packages the hash value of
the resulting transaction, and all nodes verify the hash value themselves. While
verifying the smart contract quickly, the congestion of the entire network is
reduced. In addition, optimizations in the consensus algorithm have also been
achieved to prevent the agent nodes from being fixed to avoid gradually
becoming a centralized network.
Besides, Smartshare Chain supports the IOT_Coin protocol. Each IOT firm can
issue its own Token based on this agreement.
4. Smart contract

Smartshare provides Turing-complete smart contracts. IOT firms can publish
their own smart contracts and build their own value-added services based on
this.

We use modular design tools to abstract and simplify the blockchain by building
a modular virtual machine- Lua Virtual Machine (hereafter referred to as LVM) to
run smart contracts. This design can bring two benefits. First, it optimizes LVM
performance to directly improve contract execution efficiency and reduce the
interference factors caused by system coupling. Second, it weakens the relevance
of blockchain networks and smart contract operation status. Even if there are
problems with contract execution or if the virtual machine runs abnormally, the
stability of the blockchain network can still be guaranteed.
5. Data Asset Platform

The interaction between people and terminals enables IoT devices to collect a
great deal of data from physical world and life behavior. Smartshare holds that
the user is the sole owner of this data and advocates returning ownership and
revenue back to the user. The generation, storage, and transaction of data need to
be authorized by the user and performed autonomously, and the distributed
storage technology is used to protect user privacy and security. Users have the
right to price data and conduct transactions. With the big data analysis
technology, Smartshare provides the matched data resources to the data
demanding parties who can only access to the data after paying the Token and
obtaining the user's consent. Smartshare data asset platform aims to increase the
value of data and return the value of data to users.

Taking the car terminal as an example, the user will generate data such as
mileage and destination every day. After the user authorizes the consent, the data
will be recorded on the main chain. The user can obtain Token as a reward, and
the data asset platform analyzes the data based on data integration and ensures
that the data is real and effective. The analyzed data can be provided data
services for lending, insurance, etc. The demanding party uses the data to pay a
10

certain amount of Token rewards to the data provider, namely the users
themselves. It will greatly shorten the process of establishing trust between
users and enterprises, and greatly increase the efficiency of cooperation.
6. Distributed Application DAPP

Distributed Application (DAPP) is our user-oriented service that can be applied
by our IoT partners to conduct business. As long as users have a wallet, they can
easily use these services.

Users can create transaction services, set transaction terms, and receive
payments. Buyers can view and obtain service information according as required
and purchase services with services-supported tokens (including SSP).
DAPP will provide full-featured services. All our code, protocols and
specifications will be open source, and we hope that others will expand the code
to create more applications.
Chapter III
Application scene of Smartshare
1. IoT Intelligent Hardware Ecology Application

Smartshare provides a decentralized block chain technology platform for data
sharing for the intelligent terminal in the IoT. For the problems of idleness of
intelligent terminal and difficulties in ecologicalization, Smartshare makes use of
original smart chip of SmartAgent and Token mechanism to activate the
application value of the products and shared ecology of the data.

The Smartshare Foundation will form a shared cooperative alliance to support a
variety of hardware and software devices. The development protocol supports
the introduction of the third development teams and will continue to apply
Smartshare to a wider range of application scenarios.
At present, Smartshare has carried out ecological cooperation with
manufacturers which includes routers, robots, air purifiers, AI speakers and
many other categories.
IoT Digital Currency Asset

For individuals or companies that have different digital asset distribution
requirements for different IoT application platforms, Smartshare asset-based
11

smart contract-IoT_Coin can quickly publish digital currency and apply it to
businesses.
2. IoT Sharing Economy Application

With the development and dissemination of cloud computing, deep learning and
blockchain technology, people's demand for computing power has become more
and more urgent. More and more enterprises are enhancing their computing
power by the horizontally expanding the form of the computer room.

In fact, there is a computing power that is wasted most of our time, and the
power of computing comes from the electronic devices that are owned by
ourselves with an essential importance to our lives. These devices include
personal computers and even smart phones. These smart devices will not
achieve 100% of their performance when used in 90% time of our daily life. In
contrast, if we can make full use of the idle computing power of the 90% time, it
will be a very powerful computing resource.
Smartshare connects the whole ecology with the smart chip, and every smart
chip of Smartshare installed on the intelligent terminal is an independent node.
Via the Smartshare chain, these intelligent terminals are linked together to
realize the exchange of shared value.
3. IoT Data Transaction Application

Take the terminal of intelligent meteorological equipment as an example. The
device is equipped with various different spherical objects of sensors. It is also
equipped with sensors such as temperature, humidity, light, air pressure,
ultraviolet light and so on, in this way, the real-time weather conditions nearby
can be measured. Users can start to picture the real-time weather conditions
after purchasing the equipment. More important is that users can share these
pictures through different channels and turn them into meteorologist among
their friends. If you like, you can post real-time weather conditions via WeChat,
micro-blog or e-mail, and the entire process of sharing is very simple.
This is a kind of resource sharing driven by pure interest. The user shares the
data acquired by the terminal spontaneously, but they do not have obvious
reward mechanisms, which leads to the inactivity of the frequency and extent of
data sharing. Hence, the final effect on sharing is not reached.
Smartshare plans to achieve strategic cooperation with the equipment
manufacturers. The meteorological equipment terminals will be accessed quickly
through protocol support, and the value of shared data of the users will be
calculated through the intelligent contract items, in this way, the token return
could be achieved.
12

4. IoT Smart Terminal Asset Transaction

Blockchain-based smart contracts include transaction processing and
preservation mechanisms, as well as a complete state machine for accepting and
processing various smart contracts. The state processing and preservation of
transactions are done on the blockchain. After the transaction and event
information are disseminated into the smart contracts, the resource status in the
contract resource set will be updated, which will trigger the smart contract to
perform state machine judgment.

Taking the parking IoT lot smart terminal trading scheme as an example, the
contract scheme defined by Smartshare is adopted. Both parking brake machines
and vehicles can support the smart contract mechanism. The gate control devices
of brake machines can launch parking fee information and pay for the amount of
Token in the blockchain network. Vehicles can automatically perform Token
settlement transaction with parking control devices, the whole process is fast
and efficient, and the transaction information is recorded on the chain. The
vehicle itself as an intelligent terminal can also get Token rewards through other
contract tems such as the data owned by the trading vehicle itself, in this way, an
ecological cycle of positive Token circulation has been formed.
Chapter Ⅳ
Product and Project Planning
1. Product Planning
• Nov. 2017

The Initiating of Smartshare
• Dec. 2017

The Launch of Ecological Programme of Smartshare Smart Hardware
Blockchain

• Mar. 2018

The Launch of Smart-chip Smartagent
• Mar. 2018

The Launch of Smartshare Eco.Mall App
• Mar. 2018

13

The Launch of Smart Hardware Cooperation Solution, establishing
strategic cooperation with many smart hardware manufacturers to
promote various Smartshare collaborative products.
• Jun. 2018

The Online Launch of Smartshare Chain Beta
• Jul. 2018

The Launch of Wallet App of Smartshare Chain
• Aug. 2018

Smartshare Chain supports the launch and invocation of smart contract as
well as IOT_Coin protocol.
• Sept.2018

The Launch of Data Property Platform, supporting data contract
transactions
• Dec. 2019

An integrated solution for the blockchain apps of the IoT is formed to expand the
ecological network.

2.Project and Ecological Cooperation
Smartshare, taking the premise of improving the terminal value usage and
sharing, will have an in-depth cooperation with the internet of things
manufacturers to continuously build up the cooperative ecological chain. Until
now, results of the ecological alliance are as follows:
• In Dec. 2017, the strategic cooperation with Shenzhou Digital Chainbox
is established.

• In Jan. 2018, the strategic cooperation with Mohuan Health is achieved,
adding smart health products into the Smartshare ecological circle.

• In Mar. 2018, the blockchain air purifier is launched with Three Papas.
• In Mar. 2018, the cooperation with BHU Technology is made and
a new blockchain router is launched.
14

• In Apr.2018, strategic cooperation is achieved with Shenzhou Digital, a

company listed in Hong Kong stock exchange, to launch a smart sharing
appliance -Xkey

• In May. 2018, strategic cooperation with CCTV Dengdeng Robot is made
to launch a AI blockchain robot.

• In Sep. 2018, first self-developed smart product based blockchain Sleep
Shell is initiated.

• More members will join the alliance team continuously. The expected
number of the alliance manufacturers will surpass 100 by Dec 2019.

3. Route-map and Milestones

15

2016.2

Xinheyun Block Chain Laboratory

2017.11 The Completion of SSP Protocol Framework
2017.12 Launch SSP Token
2018.1

Launch SSP Protocol

2018.3

Launch SmartAgent Chip

2018.3
2018.6

Launch SSP Eco-Strategy

Cooperation with 10 Smart Hardwares

2019.12 Cooperation with 100 Smart Hardwares

2020.12 Build global blockchain based smart device sharing ecosystem
Chapter V
Introduction of Smartshare Token
1. Introduction of Token
The Token, issued by Smartshare, is named SSP. The circulation of the SSP Token
is limited and the total number of global distribution is 10 billion. The
distribution plan of SSP is as follows
Proportion
25%

20%

Distribution
Plan
Private
Placement

Foundation

10%

Team

45%

Ecological
Construction

Details

For the project development, market
expansion and promoted operation of
Smartshare.
This part of fund will be publicized regularly.

For the follow-up development of the
foundation.
Within two years, the ecological participants
will be awarded according to their
participating time and contribution.

The team will maintain the technology and
operational development of the Smartshare,
and the SSP will be provided as a reward.
This part of token will be locked by
intelligent contract and unlocked in twelve
months.
For the mining
Smartshare
16

of

the

ecosystem

of

2. The value of Token
• The SSP Token, based on the multiple intelligent hardwares within the shared

ecological alliance of Smartshare, is a kind of digital asset which relies on SSP
Chain.

• The SSP token encourages users to use smart hardware devices to share idle

resources. At the same time, the user can attain the services of intelligent

hardware products conversion, functional upgrading, increment and content
that provided by the ecological partners through SSP.

• With the increasing number of the distributed nodes, the Smartshare network

is becoming more valuable and a blockchain of intelligent equipment alliance
will be constructed finally.

17

Chapter Ⅵ
Smartshare Team and Foundation
1. Core Team
Frank Chen Founder

A Master of engineering of Chinese Academy of Science,
who conducted research work in Chinese Academy of
Telecommunication Research. In 2008, Chen established
Qiandaibao as a core member, and Qiandaibao was sold to
Meituan in 2016. In 2015, he found Kuaihui wallet to start
inclusive finance. A blockchain investor. Current founder of
Smartshare Protocol. Email: chenjingbo@smartshare.vip

Quanrong Lai CEO

Got bachelor degree from Wuhan University and master
degree from Chinese Academy of Sciences. Founder of new
chain hotel brand 1 inn, former VP and national operations
director of Bluegogo which merged by DiDi, former
regional operations at Uber, Didi. Have deep understanding on consumer IoT, shared economy, and blockchain. Email: laiquanrong@smartshare.vip

Liang Yang core member

Graduated from communication engineering major of
Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunication. Former
product director of intelligent hardware in Xingwangruijie
(SZ002396), a famous data coummnicaiton company.The
founder of Kuaihuijinfu. Now Yang is devoting to the
researches of applying blockchain on intelligent terminal
industry. Email: yangliang@smartshare.vip

18

2. Advisors

Tim.G
Frank Buddenhagen
CEO of United Screens GmbH

Peking University, Cryptography.Early investor in
Ying Xiao
blockchain
Former founder Of Qiandaibao

Qisheng Huang

Saiying Dai

Xiaoming Guo

AI expertise; founder of

Co-founder&CEO of Three
Papas

Chairman&CEO of Yuanzheng
Data; CPPCC member of Daxing
district

Aobeier Electronics Ltd

Guanzhong Peng

Jianfeng Xu

Founder& CEO of Mohuan
Health; AMP from CEIBS

EMBA from CEIBS; Initiator
of Shanghai Quantum Public
Welfare Foundation, deputy
president of council
19

Yuan Li
Founder of Self sell

Legal Counsel

Dayong Liu
Partner Lawyer of Beijing Dachen Law Office

3. Foundation
Smartshare foundation ( “foundation” for short in followings) set up in
Singapore dedicates to research and operate of projects in order to positively
promote cooperative undertakings. The foundation will manage the ecology of
Smartshare by formulating valid management system. Project progress will be
announced by the foundation every month and auditing report will be publish
every year.
Smartshare foundation will be made up of decision-making committee,
technology department, business cooperation department, operational
department, finance department, human resource department, administration
department and legal department.

Chapter Ⅶ Contact Us
Official website：www.Smartshare.vip
Mail：hi@smartshare.vip

Twitter: https://twitter.com/Smartshare_vip?s=05
20

Telegram：t.me/SmartshareOfficialEN
Wechat：Smartshare01

21

