SOLAREUM l Whitepaper

The World of

S LAREUM

SOLAREUM
Doing Well by Doing Good
SOLAREUM is a ERC20 utility token that runs on the Ethereum Blockchain, the native SLRM token is
to be backed by the Solar and Renewable industry. SOLAREUM will offer discounts on solar panels and
services worldwide, also offering free renewable items to loyal customers, additionally consumers will be
able to purchase solar heating, and all things renewable from the platform.
The SOLAREUM mission is to be able to provide green energy worldwide to consumers, while offering
the user back tokens for purchasing solar products using the SLRM token, on a quarterly basis.
SOLAREUM’s marketplace will be much the same as Amazon for the solar industry, utilizing blockchain
and mega data to allow any solar company and end user to be able to connect on a personal level.
Abstract
As blockchain technology progresses throughout the world, and it is starting to take over many industries,
SOLAREUM is set to lead the Solar energy market with a P2P or B2B business model. Research has
shown, that many governments are in early stages of regulating blockchain technology. However, these
studies show the blockchain ecosystem will need more than just digital assets to sustain ethical practices
and build trust and reliability.
SOLAREUM aims to be a major service provider, enabling the consumer to have a secure marketplace in
which to purchase renewables and close the transaction on the blockchain, the transactions will run
through a Ethereum Smart Contract.
SOLAREUM will be serving as the first renewable energy company to be partnered with a number of
major companies and contractors in its sector. SOLAREUM has already seen a successful private sale,
and the tokens will be available for the public in Q2, 2018.

147 Front St. Brooklyn, NY 11201
support@solareum.club

2

SOLAREUM

Whitepaper

1. INTRODUCTION
Cryptic, But Crispy! The Digital Coin Evolution
Blockchain technology is changing the way we look at economics, enabling faster, secure transactions, to
data logging and demand worldwide. As these new forms of digital assets emerge, it is ultimately going to
dictate how business transactions are done in the near future. A growing number of national economics,
banks and hedge funds have already began to start backing Blockchain technology, making it a small
amount of time until the rest of the world will catch up and use this revolutionary technology.
Research conducted by SOLAREUM indicates that cryptocurrencies have already seen over 160 billion
USD in volume of transactions, with projections for the next seven years, precisely 2025, forecast to be
$5 trillion by 2025.
Projected Bitcoin Market Capitalization by the Year 2025 (source: cryptocoinsnews.com)
The projected market capitalization for 2025 is the fact that the average Bitcoin wallet size today stands at
9,835 USD, which is projected to increase to 12,000 by 2025, meaning a total market capitalization of 5
trillion USD, with trading volume likely to exceed 40 trillion USD. By all standard, these represent a
stand up business opportunity. SOLAREUM are determined to provide a reliable platform for everyone to
benefit from blockchain technology combined with renewable energy.
Bitcoin’s vs The Rest (source: Statista)
1.1 The Challenges of Communicating Digital Coin Language to a Non-Tech Market
As Blockchain technology has already been well established, there is no doubt in the fact that Blockchain
is the future of business in terms of digital payment solutions and digital stock trading. There is however,
a real challenge in the way cryptocurrency solutions providers canvass investment and communicate
value to the general market. Many issues have arisen with the rise of cryptocurrency, many companies
offering unrealistic promises during their Initial Coin Offering period, and private sales. The problem lies
in the highly technical communication of operating terms and conditions.
As have been already established, there is no doubting the fact that cryptocurrencies are the future of
business in terms of digital payment solutions and digital stock trading. There is however a real challenge
in the way cryptocurrency solutions providers canvass investment and communicate value to the general
market. Apart from many of them offering unrealistic promises during initial coin offerings, Private Sales,
much of the problem lies in the highly jargonized communication of operating terms. These, coupled with
the fact that many nations of the world are still reeling from the blitz of web-based business platforms
such as Ponzi schemes, have become a setback for a faster and better penetration of cryptocurrencies in
many climes. But, thanks to Bitcoin’s blockchain and the entrance of ethical players like SOLAREUM
into the cryptocurrencies market space, individual investors can now have a better understanding of how
things work and greater confidence in the system.
1.2 The SOLAREUM Advantage
The SOLAREUM business model exists as a seamless, reliable blockchain-based platform, which runs
entirely on the Ethereum network, using a smart contract protocol to verify transactions. The core ethos
for SOLAREUM is to provide a single platform for all financial transactions, thereby allowing users to

147 Front St. Brooklyn, NY 11201
support@solareum.club

3

benefit. For example, users will be able to borrow SLRM for all financial transactions, sell their products
or services, donate to their favorite charity, and even purchase energy from all over the world.
The goal is to provide users with great tools they can use to generate ideas, fun projects, and the ability to
connect with the worldwide marketplace for their energy consumption.
The Native SLRM Token
The SOLAREUM token, SLRM, is a utility token (SLRM is NOT a Security token) which will be used
as the medium of exchange on the SOLAREUM platform. The SLRM token will enable users the creation
and management for all SOLAREUM transactions, such as the receipt and submission of payments for
services, access to exclusive discounts per purchase, also giving consumers privileges on orders of the
latest solar technology.
2. The Solareum Mission
“Have the world experience the benefits of using Solar even without a rooftop”
At SOLAREUM, a green future drives us to make an impact on the world, for our users through
provisions of world class and standard ethical digital money solutions. SOLAREUM private sale took
place Q4, 2017, raising over 1.1 million USD.
SOLAREUM will be available for direct purchase at the price of 70 cents, with a hard cap of 42.2 million
in honor of EARTH DAY. This is an opportunity you will want to take advantage of! SOLAREUM can
be purchased with a number of major cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, Litecoin, and Ethereum.
Consumers will also be able to purchase SLRM using credit card when public.
2.1 Doing Well by Doing Good
At SOLAREUM, the primary objective is to offer a P2P and B2B exchange between renewable
companies and the community, and to maintain ethical standard of cryptocurrencies within the ecosystem,
ensuring that the principles of anonymity are upheld by all involved.
2.2 Benefits of Using SOLAREUM Platform
SOLAREUM offers a seamless business model, in which a consumer can have any number of renewable
products, bought and installed whilst earning back SLRM tokens for using green energy on a quarterly
basis. The SOLAREUM team is constantly deploying new innovations to their platform. SOLAREUM
will roll out their minimal viable product for beta testing in 2018, which will be available on Android and
iOS. SOLAREUM aims to be the “Amazon” of the industry, in a hope to drive education, process,
pricing, and unrivaled customer service for mass adaptation for the future of our planet’s energy.
3. SOLAREUM Investment Fund
We will provide a completely managed investment fund, based on the leading cryptocurrencies. Users can
choose to invest without the hassle of knowing when to buy or to sell! We will base this in the top five
currencies - users just decide how much to invest and for how long. In addition to this we will offer debit
card integration. This major feature aids direct integration with a number of service providers and
enables our users to spend their cryptocurrency easily and safely.

147 Front St. Brooklyn, NY 11201
support@solareum.club

4

SOLAREUM

Whitepaper

4. TOKEN SPECIFICS
Hard cap - 42,00,000 USD
Soft cap - 15,000,000 USD
4.2 Exchange Rate
1 ETH = 1200 SOLAREUM
1 BTC = 14,000 SOLAREUM
.70 USD= 1 SOLAREUM
Token Contract Address: 0x56ee8c9bd1d445a3324ad83e86d8be309db8f85d
Minimum SOLAREUM Purchase = 500 SLRM
4.3 Blockchain Benefits
“Why Everyone Should Buy Solar from the SOLAREUM private sale”
• Decentralized blockchain control – with complete proof and accountability.
• Global Investor Pool – unlimited supply of investors to choose from for your project.
• Investment uses a currency with limited supply.
• Multilayered platform will stabilize and grow the currency.
• Continuous improvements to the platform will result in a feature rich system, which is a good fit for a
utility such as crowdfunding.
4.4 How Participate in the SOLAREUM Private Sale
There will be 3 ways to contribute to the SOLAREUM project, The first via Bitcoin. The second via
Ethereum. During the crowd sale, you will access myetherwallet.com or ImToken app and follow
instructions to create a wallet and download a backup of that wallet in the form of a pdf document. We
recommend that you print or manually copy this file and place the document in a safe place. Here you will
be able to transfer your BTC/Ether or to SOLAREUM. The third way you will be able to contribute is via
credit card. Instructions for this will be sent when the crowd sale begins.

147 Front St. Brooklyn, NY 11201
support@solareum.club

5

5 WHAT WE’VE DONE, WHERE WE’LL BE
OCT 2017: Connecting Solar market with blockchain technology.
NOV 2017: SOLAREUM Private Sale announcement.
DEC 2017: SOLAREUM Pre- Private Sale goes live on 12/25.
JAN 2018: SOLAREUM Private Sale goes live from 1/11 to 1/18.
FEB 2018: On 2/15, CEO will be speaker and moderator at the United Nations Youth Assembly.
SOLAREUM will launch on EtherDelta exchange platform.
MAR 2018: Developing the Solareum marketplace application for Android and iPhone and
integrate blockchain technology.
APRIL 2018: Beta testing of the SOLAREUM web application.
MAY 2018: Launch of SOLAREUM Web application on Android and iPhone.
5.2 Team
Justin Lally: Venture Capital Investor.
Ken Reece: Founder at America Green Solar. Youth Assembly Panel Speaker and Moderator at the
United Nations 2018.
Gabriel Gomez: Co-founder of KOTech and Full stack web developer.
Lavi Malek: Full stack blockchain developer.
Dillon Ko: CEO of KOTech and Winner of TechCrunch Hackathon 2016 (Team AlexaSite).
Karl Unterlechner: CEO at InterfaceIT, Advisor.
Jason Green: CEO at Immerge, Advisor.
Brian Klock: Founder of Financial Freedom Creator.
Blake Gailey: SunPower, Advisor.

147 Front St. Brooklyn, NY 11201
support@solareum.club

6

SOLAREUM

Whitepaper

6. Conclusion
Just as cryptocurrencies are poised to dictate the future of the global economy, according to exciting
analysis of their growth patterns as well as the coming up many service providers, it has equally become a
matter of increasing demand for reliability and maintenance of standards and best practices within the
ecosystem. Even though blockchain exists to regulate the system, the presence of reliable operators
remains key to its survival. SOLAREUM remains at the forefront of maintaining ethical standards and
best practices as well as simplifying the blockchain technical language to a non-tech market.

Welcome to the future of currency, where your consumption pays you.

147 Front St. Brooklyn, NY 11201
support@solareum.club

7

