Healthcare that you can access
That is aﬀordable
And works for your family

Lightpaper

A REVOLUTION
IN HEALTHCARE

TABLE OF CONTENTS

3

Introduction

4

The Problem

4

The Solution

6

The Opportunity

7

Our Platform

12

Token Economy

13

Our Team

14

Disclaimer

CHANGE HEALTHCARE
FOR THE BETTER
FOR GENERATIONS TO COME

INTRODUCTION
We all value our good health and hope to access high quality care when we require it.
Unfortunately, this may turn out not to be the case. Healthcare today, whilst not quite
broken, is certainly straining at the seams.
Global spending on health exceeds $8 trillion annually and is expected to increase to $18
trillion worldwide by 2040¹. In the US, almost one in every ﬁve dollars of national output is
consumed by healthcare. This is not sustainable and radical action is needed.
Through our deep expertise in beneﬁt administration and care coordination we have
created a revolutionary new platform that will redeﬁne healthcare for individuals,
employers, providers, administrators, insurers and government agencies around the world.
¹ The Lancet, April 2016 “National spending using health by source for 184 countries between 2013 and 2040”

Healthcare Expenditure in 2016
3,200
9 113

Australia
% GDP

10

172

Canada

11

573

456

Germany
Spend USD bln

10

Japan

5

131

Mexico

9

274

UK

17

US
Source: OECD

3

THE PROBLEM

In much of the developed world our population is ageing rapidly. Increased demand
for care is placing an intolerable burden upon already stretched healthcare resources.
Complex support infrastructures, data system silos and administrative bureaucracy
have given rise to ineﬃciency and duplication of eﬀort that waste billions of dollars.
Incredibly, up to 30% of medical bills can go towards paying administrative costs¹.
That’s simply unacceptable.

Excessive healthcare administration costs consume resources that should be directed
to improving both access to care and quality of care.

THE SOLUTION
Solve.Care’s revolutionary platform will signiﬁcantly improve care outcomes by
dramatically reducing healthcare administration costs and substantially reducing the
opportunity for duplication, waste, abuse and fraud. We expect to create major cost
savings by facilitating authorised peer-to-peer transactions that delegate authority to
individual stakeholders while empowering payers regarding cost control and oversight.
Utilizing blockchain technology, we radically reduce the unacceptable administrative
burden placed on healthcare providers and enhance the care experience of individuals.

It’s a quantum change. Freeing doctors to do more doctoring and putting patients,
not the system, at the very heart of care.

Steﬃe Woolhandler, M.D., M.P.H., Terry Campbell, M.H.A., and David U. Himmelstein, M.D. “Costs of Health Care
Administration in the United States and Canada,” N Engl J Med (2003) 349:768-775

1

4

A Win for everyone

For individuals and families
Put individuals in control of their healthcare in a simple and convenient manner.
At the touch of a button: make appointments, share records, compare prices,
maximise discounts, manage prescriptions, view personalized care information,
make accurate payments and manage beneﬁts.
For doctors and care providers
Reduce the administrative burden, deliver better care outcomes and have more
time available for actual delivery of care. Publish their availability, verify patients’
coverage and deductible, access appropriate and accurate records, handle
consents, issue prescriptions and coordinate with specialists, labs and therapists.
No more wasted hours spent on the phone with insurance companies.

For employers
Oﬀer employees more robust beneﬁt packages at a cost that is aﬀordable. Build
their own care administration network to reward employees for healthy lifestyles
and to encourage the right behaviour that supports good health.

For insurers
Dramatically improve provider relations and satisfaction from accurate and timely
payments. Automate and simplify case management. Achieve care coordination in
real time. Radically reduce administrative overhead and complexity. Actively
contribute to enhancing customer wellbeing by rewarding excellent provider
performance and promoting healthier behaviours.

For government agencies
Gain control over administrative and IT costs, by replacing rigid, expensive system
silos with a ﬂexible care administration network. Focus more on serving the
needs of their population and much less on managing IT vendors and systems.

5

THE OPPORTUNITY
An enormous market
The cost of administrating and managing care and beneﬁts globally is well in excess of $1
trillion dollars per annum. Solve.Care will concentrate its eﬀorts here, to help realise
substantial savings that could eventually amount to tens, if not hundreds, of billions of dollars.
Global scale
Our clients comprise insurance companies, healthcare administrators, clinics, large
employers and government agencies. Our solutions have global appeal and we are already in
discussion with interested parties in Canada, the UK, the Middle East, Mexico and Australia.
Business focus
Solve.Care will provide innovative solutions that reduce the administrative burden, provide
real-time payments to providers, delegate authority to patients and providers, and enhance
quality of care.
Solve.Care will work with client organisations to establish Care Administration Networks
that signiﬁcantly reduce costs, improve outcomes, empower providers and engage
members.

OUR FIRST CLIENT
In early 2018 Solve.Care signed a multi-year agreement with our ﬁrst client – Arizona Care
Network (‘ACN’). This is a substantial organisation that manages care for over:

250,000
members

5,500

physicians

1,800

locations

We feel honoured that ACN has engaged Solve.Care to co-develop solutions that deliver more
eﬃcient and eﬀective healthcare services.

“

Solve.Care is taking all the pain points away from patients and employees
serving patients.
Dr. David Hanekom, CEO of ACN

6

OUR PLATFORM
A revolution in care, cost & convenience

Solve.Care is a decentralized and distributed platform for the administration of healthcare
and beneﬁts programs. Our protocol is based on entity pair relationships bound to a smart
contract on the Blockchain. All relevant events are recorded and coordinated and then
delivered to the right party, exactly when needed.
Key components of the platform combine to provide a highly innovative approach to
administering care and beneﬁts by keeping all parties in sync, without the need for a
centralized record keeper.

COMPONENTS

Care.Wallet
Our personal healthcare administrator for individuals and providers; houses
Care.Cards and Care.Coins that automatically sync in real time with other
linked wallets.

Care.Cards
Purpose built applications that reside in the Care.Wallet and that are
downloaded from Care.Marketplace.

Care.Coin
Intelligent programmable payment token used to pay providers. Oﬀers
incredible ﬂexibility in managing accountability and transparency and
validating proof of service.
Care.Protocol
Connects and synchronizes wallets, cards and coins between stakeholders,
to coordinate care and automate transactions in a revolutionary new
approach.

7

Marketplace
Care.Marketplace is our app store for healthcare. Think of any application that could be of
interest to individuals in managing their health and wellbeing and you have a potential new
Care.Card. They could show up ‘intelligently’ based on what they know about your
healthcare.
Card application developers or owners will be able to generate revenues from published
cards, whether from a charge for one-time downloads or from periodic subscription fees.
All charges and fees will be settled in SOLVE tokens.
We are very excited about the prospects for Care.Marketplace and believe it could
become the ‘go-to’ place for intelligent, relevant and interactive healthcare management.
The possibilities for innovation and positive social impact are limitless

Security & compliance
Solve.Care platform is designed to protect the security and privacy of sensitive data whilst
also improving access and accountability.
Only event logs are immutably recorded on the Blockchain. Event payload (e.g. prescription
details or doctor’s notes) is maintained oﬀ-chain, ensuring data is safely delivered via
dual-key authorisation only to the authorised party and only for the authorised duration.

8

Why Blockchain?
We are using Blockchain as the distributed ledger for all Care.Events that take
place between patient, doctor, pharmacy, laboratory, insurer and other parties.

Solve.Care platform delegates authority to the patient and provider, resulting in
decentralized administration of healthcare services.
Solve.Care platform allows clients to sponsor Care Administration Networks that
can coordinate the care of people with similar/complex needs such as diabetes
patients, the elderly and pregnant women.
Solve.Care uses Blockchain to issue intelligent payment tokens that
accelerate the healthcare payment cycle, saving time and reducing costs.

Care.Protocol uses Blockchain and smart contracts to deﬁne and encapsulate
relationships between any two stakeholders (e.g. patient-doctor, patient-insurer).
Care.Vault is built to bridge on-chain and oﬀ-chain storage in a manner that is
compliant with all applicable laws governing patient privacy, data security and
consents.
Solve.Care platform can reduce administrative burdens and costs within any
healthcare system by decentralizing processes that govern the behaviour and
experience of patients, physicians, insurers and all other healthcare stakeholders.

9

Care.Wallet
The personal healthcare administrator at the very heart of the Solve.Care Platform.
It’s an intuitive interface that puts users in control of all interactions, simply, quickly and at
the touch of a button. Care.Wallets enable peer-to-peer transactions.

PROVIDERS
PAYERS
Enrollment
Eligibility
Billing and Payments
Premium collection
Beneﬁts explanation
Life event handling
EMPLOYERS
Group Enrollment
Cost Sharing
Utilization
Wellness
Rewards

Scheduling
Eligibility veriﬁcation
Referrals
Billing
Payments
Reconciliation
PATIENTS
Eligibility
Referrals
Scheduling
Prescriptions
Transportation
Bills and payments

10

Use case example: Schedule an appointment

Patient publishes
appointment request
& linked eligibility card

Provider wallet responds
with schedule card
showing availability near
requested time and date

Authorized provider
wallets receive request
and verify availability

Wallets automatically
exchange patient
consent and eligibility
information

Patient selects
appropriate provider and
conﬁrms time on provider
scheduling card

Patient and provider
wallets remain in
sync via reminder &
re-conﬁrmation

Use case example: Referrals

Physician determines
need for specialist or
procedural care for
patient

Physician issues
referral card to
patient wallet

Patient conﬁrms
appointment and wallets
exchange consent, and
eligibility cards

Specialist wallets
automatically sync with
referral card and respond
with schedule card

Referral card
automatically links and
syncs with eligibility

Patient publishes
appointment card
with linked referral
card

Use case example: Member submitted claims

Member creates claim
using easy to use card

Claim card syncs with
eligibility card and wallet

Card guides member
through claim
submission

Claim status card sent to
Member wallet

Insurer wallet receives
complete claim and
approves or sends to
review

Payment card issued
with payment using
Care.Coins

11

TOKEN ECONOMY
Dual token mechanism
There are two tokens in use on the Solve.Care platform, each having distinct functionality.

Care.Coin
Intelligent healthcare stable payment currency issued by payers such as
insurance companies. It is backed by the ﬁnancial reserves of the issuer, can
be denominated in any currency, has no ﬁxed supply and is not publicly
traded.
SOLVE
Native utility token required to participate in and transact on the platform.
SOLVE is an ERC20 token on the Ethereum Network. Token supply is ﬁxed
and the price variable, as determined by market supply and demand.

Token use
SOLVE utility tokens are required for platform participation and to transact on it. SOLVE
will be required for Care Administration Network fees, establishing Care.Wallets,
purchasing Care.Cards, emission of Care.Coins, payments using Care.Coins,
Care.Marketplace participation, service and integration fees.

Example
An organization establishes a care administration network for its 100,000 members and
2,000 providers, supplies each of them with a Care.Wallet and makes payments using
Care.Coin. SOLVE tokens would be payable in respect of:
•
•
•
•

Network participation and integration services
Fees for 2,000 x provider Care.Wallet
Fees for 100,000 x consumer Care.Wallet
Care.Coin emission and Care.Coin payments

The total number of SOLVE tokens required will depend on the fees levied for the
wallets and on the extent of the Care.Coin payments. It will also be impacted by the
token market price.

12

OUR TEAM
Our team presently comprises more than 60 dedicated professionals, covering all aspects of
technology development, business development, marketing, compliance and (lean)
administration. We are growing rapidly and are actively recruiting additional talented
individuals, to help ensure we can meet the incredible demand we see for our solutions.

Pradeep Goel
Chief Executive Oﬃcer
Pradeep has deep expertise in health and human services, ﬁnance
and technology. He has been in the CEO, COO, CIO and CTO roles
at various innovative technology companies, for more than 25 years.
Pradeep was deeply involved in designing and building solutions for
several public programs such as Medicaid, Children Health Insurance,
Medicare, SNAP, TANF and many others.
Vadym Vorobiov
Chief Technology Oﬃcer
Vadym’s primary focus has been to deliver products and solutions which
bring value to clients and individuals. Vadym spent more than a decade
in the Health and Human Services sector building and deploying
enterprise systems for government and commercial organizations.

Dr. David Randall, Ph.D.
Senior Policy Advisor
Dr. Randall currently serves as Executive Director and is Resident
Scholar with the American Research and Policy Institute. Dr. Randall
has extensive experience as a former top insurance regulator,
health care lobbyist, executive with not only insurance companies,
but also with several provider trade groups in Washington.
Ed Odjaghian
Head of Client Solution Delivery
Ed is a key member of the senior executive team specializing in
delivering healthcare technology solutions to clients. He has 30+
years of experience delivering healthcare applications to clients.

20

13

DISCLAIMER
The purpose of this Lightpaper is to present a short summary overview of the Solve.Care platform (“platform”) and its
native token SOLVE. The information presented is not comprehensive and should not be relied upon as the sole source
of knowledge in respect of either the platform or SOLVE token. Readers are advised to also refer to the Company’s web
site (www.solve.care) and Whitepaper for additional information.

Nothing in this Lightpaper shall be deemed to constitute a prospectus of any sort or a solicitation for investment, nor
does it in any way pertain to an oﬀering or a solicitation of an oﬀer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction.

The SOLVE token has not been registered under the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state of the United States
or the securities laws of any other country, including the securities laws of any jurisdiction in which a potential token
holder is a resident. SOLVE tokens are utility tokens and their sole intended purpose is for use in exchange for platform
services. SOLVE tokens confer no other rights in any form, including but not limited to any ownership, distribution
(including, but not limited to, proﬁt), redemption, liquidation, property (including all forms of intellectual property), or
other ﬁnancial or legal rights, other than those speciﬁcally set forth in the Whitepaper.

All of the information provided within this Lightpaper is provided “as is” and with no warranties. Solve.Care Foundation
makes no representations and extends no warranties of any type as to the accuracy or completeness of any information
or content in this Lightpaper.

From time to time the information contained in this Lightpaper may be translated into other languages. In the event of
any conﬂicts or inconsistencies between such translations and this oﬃcial English language Lightpaper, the provisions of
this English language original document shall prevail.

14

