spend.com

Product Guide

Legal Disclaimers
This Spend Product Guide is designed for informational purposes
only. Before reading this Product Guide you agree to the following
disclaimers below:
1. No Representation or Warranties. Nothing in this Product Guide
shall be deemed to constitute a prospectus of any sort of a solicitation
for investment, nor does it, in any way, pertain to an offering or a
solicitation to buy any securities in any jurisdiction. The document is
not composed in accordance with, and is not subject to, laws or
regulations of any jurisdiction. Neither Spend, or any of its
representatives, make any guarantees and/or warranties about the
services and all services are provided as-is.
2. No Investment Advice. Nothing published by, or republished from,
Spend or any of its subsidiaries should be interpreted as investment
advice. Information is provided for educational and informational
purposes only. Spend is in no way providing trading or investment
advice. Please consult with your appropriate licensed professional
before making any financial transactions. Spend does not intend to
express financial, legal, tax, or any other advice, and any conclusions
drawn from statements made by, or on, Spend shall not be deemed to
constitute advice in any jurisdiction.

3. Terms & Conditions. Prior to using any of the Spend Services you
must read and agree to all Terms of Use which may be found on the
mobile

application

and

https://spend.com/terms-of-use

which

includes binding arbitration.
4. Trademarks & Copyrights. Any logos or brand names used in this
Product Guide belong to their respective corporations. Spend does
not make any claims or ownership representations of any
trademarks or copyrights used here that do not belong to Spend or
its affiliated entities.

Product Summary
Spend is a digital Wallet application that includes a fiat and
blockchain-based currency platform enabling users access to digital
banking where they can buy, sell, spend, exchange, manage, and use
all supported currencies. The Spend Wallet is paired with the Spend
Card, a Visa co-branded card, that gives users the ability to use their
funds at over 45 million locations worldwide. Spend.com offers a
number of other products and services as outlined in this Product
Guide.

Our product line
includes:

Spend Wallet
A secure digital wallet used to store, spend, send, and receive
currencies. Users are able to buy, sell, manage and pay with their
cryptocurrencies as well. Included in the Spend Wallet is our Lend by
Spend product that allows users to get loans directly within the
application where available. The Spend Wallet makes it easy for
clients to be able to manage their funds and Spend Visa Card.

Spend Card
A Visa card connected to the client's Spend Wallet that allows the
user to shop at over 45 million locations worldwide. The Spend Card is
available in 36 countries and growing.

Spend Pay
Spend Pay utilizes the Spend Authorization Engine, a proprietary real
time conversion system, to give users and merchants the ability to
accept/pay with cryptocurrencies or foreign currencies converted to
fiat on either the Spend Card or Spend Wallet application directly at
point-of-sale.

Spend Business
A commercial-based API and Software Development Kit (SDK)
designed for businesses and merchants whom want to create
powerful applications on top of our platform. We are introducing this
as "Banking-as-a-Service" alongside a wide array of other business
products that our clients can take advantage of to help get their
product to market quickly. Spend Business was designed to
meet all financial services needs. These services will cater both fiat
and crypto based businesses giving them an ultimate bridge if
they choose to utilize it. Businesses will be able to build their own
custom solution using our infrastructure to create white label based
products as well.

Spend Coin
A decentralized digital currency that currently operates on the
Ethereum network which is used to access services on the Spend
ecosystem of products, may be used as a currency at over 45 million
locations worldwide, and a rewards point for our Spend Card
holders. Spendcoin has a variety of other utility as well.

Product Details

Spend Wallet
Spend Wallet is a multi-currency digital
application that enables a secure connection
to our network via any smart mobile device.
The user's Spend Wallet allows them to connect
and utilize their Spend Card, access to currency
exchange/interchange features, manage all their digital
assets, buy/sell digital assets, learn about various digital
currencies, and more. Users are also able to obtain loans
and buy digital gift cards all from the app.
The Spend Wallet gives users a dynamic portal with access directly
through the Spend App. In select regions users can even open a
bank account, such as in the US, directly within the app. Users in the
US are able to open a digital bank account where the USD deposits
are FDIC insured through our banking relationships. Users can fund
their wallets and accounts through conventional transfer methods
such as ACH or Wires.

The first step in creating a global account is to download/access the
Spend App which is available in the Apple iOS App Store and Google
Play Store. Once the user has accessed the Spend App they will input
basic information to setup his/her account. After the user has created
an account, a multi-currency wallet will be automatically created that
can host and be funded with fiat or digital based currencies in a full
banking interfaced product.
The private keys that are connected to the Spend Wallet
account holders will be stored securely via an industry AES
encryption standard and assets will be stored via an industry
approved hot & cold storage solution method. However, Spend keeps
0% of user assets in hot wallets and maintains it's own reserves for
hot wallets. These funds will be secure from theft/hackers giving
our users peace of mind knowing our system utilizes the highest
standard

of

certification.

security

while

maintaining

a

PCI-DSS

level

1

Once the user has their assets in the Spend Wallet, they can
be securely stored, transferred or spent via the Spend App or the
Spend Card. The user has the ability to select which currency to
enable as the default transactional currency and has the option to
change this at any time through the Spend App. Within the Spend
App users will be able to control their Spend Card by enabling users
to lock/unlock the card, track their card shipment, verify their
identity, upgrade their tiers, exchange/interchange currencies, buy/
sell

digital

assets,

view stats/data on various digital assets,

conversion of digital assets to fiat in real time to spend, and much
more.

Spend Card
The Spend Card enables our clients access to their funds, whether it
be fiat currency or digital currency, at over 45 million locations
worldwide

thanks

to

operating

on

the

Visa

network.

Enabling blockchain systems for our users has a great deal of
benefits. Depending on the users region the Spend Card may be
equipped with an EMV chip or both an EMV Chip and Visa
Paywave which is an NFC based card that can tap'n'pay where
accepted. Spend Card holders also have access to cash at ATM's all
over the world.
Spend Cards come in physical, virtual, or digital form. The user
has the choice, where available, to select which version of the Spend
Card they want. We also support Apple Pay and Google Pay as well
as 3DS Verification in select regions. Users are able to choose from
3 select Visa cards, Spend Essential (Blue), Spend Preferred (Gray),
or Spend Black (Black).

Spend Essential
Our introductory card for users to get basic access to our spending
capabilities in our ecosystem.

Spend Preffered
Designed for frequent shoppers with higher level of features and
benefits.

Spend Black
Our elite card for the user who want the Spend Card as their primary
choice of payment. Spend Black comes in a metal option as well
where available.

Spend Pay
Spend Pay leverages the Spend Authorization Engine to enable real
time foreign currency and digital currency/asset conversions to
local legal tender via the Spend Card and/or Spend Wallet.
Spend

Pay

enables

the

Spend

Wallet

for

cross-chain

communication for instant off-chain settlement of any supported
digital currency or forex conversion needed 24/7/365.
By running Spend Pay, Spend has the ability to give our merchants
and users the tools needed to accept or spend digital currency/assets
in-store and offline while enabling them to choose whether they want
to keep their payment in the original form of the digital asset used or
convert in real-time market value to fiat.
Using Spend Pay makes all digital assets and currencies convertible to
local legal tender all from the Spend Wallet. The local legal tender
is then instantly loaded via our Spend Authorization Engine on
the Spend Card.

Client Benefits
Spend Pay allows the Spend App or any Digital Currency
wallet become a gateway designed to facilitate a payment to a
merchant running the protocol. By integrating multi-platform
friendly SDKs any merchant

can

begin

accepting

digital

currencies immediately. By opening this channel merchants can
now target a whole new class of business and savings. Bridging
this gap enables instant payments powered by blockchains.

Merchant Benefits
Enabling blockchain systems for a merchant has a great deal of
benefits. Blockchains offer practical solutions to merchants in two
major aspects; cost and fraud. By accepting a payment via a
blockchain currency or asset it se- riously reduces the number of fraud
possibilities by enforcing a non-editable public ledger that verifies the
transactions in a decentralized manner making it impossible to forge.
By virtue of design this automatically creates board- erless payments
due to the decentralized infrastructure of these currencies.

Typical merchant fees charged to merchants for processing credit
cards can range from 2-5% depending on, but not limited to, type of
risk, region, and processing volume. By enabling blockchain based
payments merchants eliminate all additional processes typically
performed by the current financial payment protocols offered.
Merchants can see upward of a 50% savings by processing through
Spend Pay than traditional merchant services accounts.

Spend Pay Flow

Streamlined Authorization, Clearing & Settlement
1. A customer presents their app at merchant POS for payment
in any cryptocurrency supported
2. The app requests the current conversion rate for the customer’s
desired cryptocurrency and submits a blockchain transaction
3. One-time authorization code in real time authorizes the
transaction on the merchant’s POS terminal, then pushes fiat
funds to the merchant’s bank account. The customer’s
purchase is complete.

Spend Business
The Spend Software Development Kit (SDK) and commercial API
lirary that allows businesses to build a powerful customizable
application on top of our current infrastructure. For example, if the
business wants to create their own digital currency, digital wallet,
transfer system, identity verification platform, and white label prepaid
card, they can right within our APIs without the need or knowledge of
the cores. By trusting Spend to handle all the backend work, we give
a library of API’s that allows our clients to integrate into any
application or build one from scratch.
Clients have a dedicated support and technical manager to ensure a
smooth process. By giving these tools and API library to developers of
businesses they are now able to execute a wide array of calls. They
will have the ability to create a custom wallet with currencies that
they want to support whether it’s a virtual currency, fiat, or asset all of
these can be stored through our SDK and leverage the Spend
Authorization Engine. The client can issue their own white label based
prepaid card to connect to the wallet they are building to have the
ability to utilize our proprietary conversion engine to make these
currencies spendable at point of sale. Business can build payment
protocols and money transfer services all through a few API calls for
fiat and virtual currency or assets.

By utilizing Spend SDK the user gets access to a user CRM
management system ran entirely through the blockchain and the
cloud. The user will have the ability to run KYC/AML checks on these
users instantly and manage these conditions all from a backend
portal. These are just a few of the main features of the Spend SDK. We
are constantly improving and developing the SDK to meet the needs
of businesses worldwide.
More information may be found at spend.com/business

Lend by Spend
The Lend by Spend program is designed to give users the ability
to obtain both secured and unsecured prime loans directly from
the Spend Wallet Application. Users are able to apply for an
unsecured prime

loan

if

they

are

a

qualified

buyer

and

approved by an underwriter. Spend is a licensed lender in select
regions/states.
Users

are

also

able

to

get

instant

secured

loans

utilizing

their blockchain assets without actually having to sell the asset, giving
them access to funds that they can use as credit on their Spend Visa
Card or on their Spend Wallet. Wallet users will be able to to
take

a

collateralized

short-term

loan against

their

favorite

blockchain asset like Bitcoin or Ethereum. Our system allows you
to take a 20-50% Loan-To-Market-Value (LTVMV) against your
digital asset. Loan Origination fees are 2% on the loan amount
which may be discounted by 50% if paid by Spendcoins.

Spend

Preferred and Spend Black members who have active Spendcoin
locked can enjoy rates as low as 7%. Non-members or Memberships
with unlocked Spendcoin can enjoy rates as low as 12%. Loan terms
range from 30 days to 1 year with no pre-payment penalty fees.

Spendcoin
Spendcoin was created by the Spend Foundation to act as a
membership reward and access digital currency to the Spend
ecosystem of products. Spendcoin has a wide array of current
functions on the Spend platform.
Spendcoins today may be used as a utility token for:
Spend Card Membership
Convert to Fiat at 45M Locations Worldwide
Use Towards Spend Business SDK Services
Redeem Towards Fees With Discounts
Use as Collateral For a Loan
Purchase Instant Digital Gift Cards
Use as a Payment Method on Spend Pay & Shop
Spend VIP Membership
Enhanced Referral Rewards

Spend VIP
Spend VIP is an exclusive membership rewards program designed for
our Spend Preferred and Spend Black Members. This program gives
additional rewards back percentages at a top retailers when using a
Spend Visa Card.

%

Proof-of-Purchase
Membership Rewards
Spend Membership participants are automatically enrolled in our
Proof-of- Purchase Membership Rewards Program. This enables a user
to earn up to 6% back on all qualifying card purchases made via the
Spend Wallet and Spend Card. By utilizing blockchain technology
users are able to receive a comprehensive rewards program that's
generated directly from the network.

Up
! to 6%

Rewards back!

Conclusion
We believe that blockchain technologies will soon be a complement
to the current payment infrastructure we all know worldwide.
Traditional payment instruments will look to this protocol as a way for
efficiency, ease, and global accessibility. However, the technical and
operational complexity in properly managing the instruments that run
off this technology will have most companies seek an intermediary
service or platform to handle the hurdles. These services must be
designed where we can’t compromise the core principles of security,
data protection, compliance, and the choice of freedom for the user to
use their preferred payment method or instrument.
The Spend ecosystem of products have been tailored around the
mission to solve the complexity and broad reach of requirements
currently needed to run a full scale multi-currency consumer and
merchant platform. We eliminate the challenges for everyday
consumers to have access to a global wallet that can act as their
bank account with the benefits of a connected prepaid debit card and
virtual currency capabilities. We give a decentralized portal for
merchants to have control of their business needs. These features are
all accessible to users worldwide. Spend.com and its suite of products
will give the user an all-in-one platform that the user will trust to
manage and spend their funds and assets. Creating a digital global
commerce is our goal and we achieve it with the Spend.com product
line.

Follow us on social media and add our website to your favorites to
stay up-to-date on all things Spend!

spend.com
blog.spend.com
facebook.com/SpendCard
twitter.com/SpendCard
instagram.com/SpendCard
reddit.com/r/Spend
medium.com/Spend
github.com/Spend
t.me/SpendChat

t.me/SpendNews

linkedin.com/company/spend-inc

© 2020 Spend.com

