a

White Paper – Version 1.3
Updated on October 2018

PG. 1 – Copyright Protected by SnLtoken.io Development Team – version 1.4

NOTICE
NOTHING IN THIS WHITEPAPER CONSTITUTES LEGAL, FINANCIAL,
BUSINESS OR TAX ADVICE AND YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN LEGAL,
FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER BEFORE ENGAGING IN
ANY ACTIVITY IN CONNECTION HEREWITH. NEITHER ALL SNL FOUNDING
MEMBERS (THE FOUNDATION), ANY OF THE PROJECT TEAM MEMBERS WHO
HAVE WORKED ON THE ALL SNL TOKEN PLATFORM (AS DEFINED HEREIN) OR
PROJECT TO DEVELOP THE ALL SNL TOKEN PLATFORM IN ANY WAY
WHATSOEVER (THE SPORT AND LEISURE TEAM) NOR ANY SERVICE PROVIDER
SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY KIND OF DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGE OR LOSS
WHATSOEVER WHICH YOU MAY SUFFER IN CONNECTION WITH ACCESSING
THIS WHITEPAPER, THE WEBSITE AT HTTP://SNLTOKEN.IO OR ANY OTHER
MATERIALS PUBLISHED BY THE FOUNDATION.

All contributions will be applied towards the Foundation's objects, including without limitation
promoting the research, design and development of, and advocacy for a decentralized, globalized sport
and leisure blockchain platform which is deeply rooted in the sports industry ecosystem, enabling freeflow of sharing and transmission of values by all users and participants in the industry and a variety of
blockchain-based applications in the sports industry, and promoting the safe and harmonious
a
development of the open source blockchain community
ecosystem.
This Whitepaper is intended for general informational purposes only and does not constitute a
prospectus, an offer document, an offer of securities, a solicitation for investment, or any offer to sell any
product, item or asset (whether digital or otherwise). The information herein below may not be
exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a contractual relationship. There is no assurance as to
the accuracy or completeness of such information and no representation, warranty or undertaking is or
purported to be provided as to the accuracy or completeness of such information. Where this
Whitepaper includes information that has been obtained from third party sources, the Foundation
and/or the Sport AND Leisure team have not independently verified the accuracy or completion of
such information.
This Whitepaper does not constitute any offer by the Foundation or the All Sport AND Leisure team
to sell any SNL (as defined herein) nor shall it or any part of it nor the fact of its presentation form the
basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or investment decision. Nothing contained
in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or undertaking as to the future
performance of the All SnL Token Platform. The agreement between the Foundation (or its affiliate)
and you, in relation to any sale and purchase of SNL is to be governed by only the separate terms and
conditions of such agreement.
By accessing this Whitepaper or any part thereof, you represent and warrant to the Foundation, its
affiliates and the Sport AND Leisure team as follows: Draft for open community review and subject to
change.
(a) you acknowledge, understand and agree that SNL may have no value, there is no guarantee or
representation of value or liquidity for SNL, and SNL is not for speculative investment;

PG. 2 – Copyright Protected by SnLtoken.io Development Team – version 1.4

(b) none of the Foundation, its affiliates, and/or the Sport AND Leisure team members shall be
responsible for or liable for the value of SNL, the transferability and/or liquidity of SNL and/or the
availability of any market for SNL through third parties or otherwise;
(c) in any decision to purchase any SNL, you have not relied on any statement set out in this Whitepaper;
(d) you will and shall at your own expense ensure compliance with all laws, regulatory requirements and
restrictions applicable to you (as the case may be); and
(e) you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible to purchase any SNL if you are a
citizen, national, resident (tax or otherwise), domiciliary and/or green card holder of a geographic area
or country (i) where it is likely that the sale of SNL would be construed as the sale of a security
(howsoever named) or investment product and/or (ii) in which access to or participation in the SNL
token sale or the SnL Token Platform is prohibited by applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, or
administrative act, and/or (including without limitation the United States of America, New Zealand,
People's Republic of China and the Republic of Korea).
The Foundation and the Sport AND Leisure team do not and do not purport to make, and hereby
disclaims, all representations, warranties or undertaking to any entity or person. Prospective purchasers
of SNL should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties (including financial and legal
risks and uncertainties) with the SNL token sale, the Foundation and the team.
The information set out in this Whitepaper is for community discussion only and is not legally binding.
The agreement for sale and purchase of SNL shall be governed by a separate set of Terms and
Conditions or Token Purchase Agreement (as the case may be) setting out the terms of such purchase
(the Token Purchase Agreement), which shall be separately provided to you or made available at
a between the Token Purchase Agreement and this
http://snltoken.io. In the event of any inconsistencies
Whitepaper, the Token Purchase Agreement shall prevail.
All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press releases or in any place accessible
by the public and oral statements that may be made by the Foundation and/or the Sport AND Leisure
team may constitute forward-looking statements (including statements regarding intent, belief or
current expectations with respect to market conditions, business strategy and plans, financial condition,
specific provisions and risk management practices). You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
these forward-looking statements given that these statements involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results Draft for open community review
and subject to change. to be materially different from that described by such forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date of this Whitepaper and
the Foundation and the Sport AND Leisure team expressly disclaims any responsibility (whether
express or implied) to release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events after
such date.
This Whitepaper may be translated into a language other than English and in the event of conflict or
ambiguity between the English language version and translated versions of this Whitepaper, the
English language version shall prevail. You acknowledge that you have read and understood the
English language version of this Whitepaper.
No part of this Whitepaper is to be copied, reproduced, distributed or disseminated in any way without
the prior written consent of the Foundation.

PG. 3 – Copyright Protected by SnLtoken.io Development Team – version 1.4

Section 1: Abstract
With the increasing popularity of blockchain technology, Sport AND Leisure public blockchain hopes
to fill the space for blockchain-based applications in the sports industry through blockchain technology,
which is a sun-rise industry all over the world.
SnL public blockchain makes use of blockchain technology, which combines application and business
situations of sports and leisure industry and sports ecosystem chain and will issue its native
cryptographic token SnL Token (SNL) for use on the Sport AND Leisure public blockchain.

With the help of smart contracts and token systems, it offers both convenient payment and settlement
and application development agreement for developers, and it is planned that the ecosystem will
support sports information and community open platforms, sports IP asset trading and promoting
platforms, prediction entertainment platforms, application open platforms etc.
Developers and ecosystem partners would be able to develop and access their own applications and
resources in Sport AND Leisure public blockchain and realize customer acquisition quickly through
information and community open platforms.

Further, these ecosystem partners may achieve their aim of value transfer and token consumption
through sports IP asset trading and promoting platforms, prediction entertainment platforms and
application open platforms. The role of Sport AND
a Leisure public blockchain is to assist developers to
finish application development and resources monetizing through the usage of SNL with APIs of key
applications.

The Foundation's aim is to create a decentralized, globalized sports blockchain platform which is
deeply rooted in the sports industry ecosystem, enabling free-flow of sharing and transmission of values
by all users and participants in the industry, and a variety of blockchain-based applications in the sports
industry.
The Foundation has strong technical capability and offline resources integration capability. It has also
reached consensus with the world's largest mobile football media and community, the world's top
sports betting suppliers and service providers, and the world's top sports stars on blockchain
cooperation, allowing it to build Sport AND Leisure public blockchain with strong industry support.

PG. 4 – Copyright Protected by SnLtoken.io Development Team – version 1.4

Section 2: Background Introduction and Market Opportunity
2.1 Background
In 2018 the annual output value of global sports industry is nearly 2 trillion U.S. dollars, including
various categories such as competitive sports, recreational sports and emerging e-sports. The market
size is very huge, and it covers a wide range of areas. Athletes, clubs, teams, events, brokerage firms,
venues, equipment's, training institutions and media form the perfect and evolving ecosystem chain of
sports industry.
With the development and growth of Internet, especially of mobile Internet, sports industry has been
massively migrating from traditional channels to mobile Internet and expanded continuously through
the mobile Internet. Information, data, live streams, videos and other contents have spread rapidly with
mobile Internet. With the help of mobile Internet's capability, SnL communities and networks of sports
users in the world are built to further expand influence and user stickiness of sports industry at the same
time.

a

PG. 5 – Copyright Protected by SnLtoken.io Development Team – version 1.4

Sponsored derivatives (based on IP licensing) as well as sports betting have become the two largest
sources of commercial revenue for sports industry.
Neymar’s transfer to Paris Saint-Germain for an astronomical 220 million euros, Floyd Mayweather
and Connor McGregor’s cross-border game made more than 600 million US dollars, and Dota2 TI7
grabbed over 10 million US dollars for the champion.
These cases all reflect that in sports industry, top IPs and top stars contain huge commercial values.
Every single IP (individual or organization) in this industrial chain has its commercial value, which does
not exist independently, but is determined by demand in the industrial chain. The higher the degree of
demand is, the higher the value of IP assets; the faster and wider the value delivers, the higher the
commercial efficiency of IP assets.
IP licensing includes portrait rights, advertising photography, offline activities, authorized derivatives,
SnL media and so forth. Traditional IP licensing negotiations relies on peer-to-peer communications
between advertising agencies and IP brokers.

a

PG. 6 – Copyright Protected by SnLtoken.io Development Team – version 1.4

Nowadays more than 100 countries and regions in the world have declared that betting industry is legal.
According to data from British betting companies, the global betting market is estimated to reach as
high as 536 billion dollars in 2018.
With the addition of various underground betting markets, it is estimated that the market size has
reached over one trillion dollars. The U.S. betting market is 166.2 billion dollars, accounting for 30% of
the global market, which ranks the first. The related department has said that by 2020, the global online
betting market is expected to grow rapidly at an annual rate of 11% after investigation and analysis.

The global betting market total value and share are as follows:

a

2.2 Pain point of Market
Sport AND Leisure industry market is very huge, online sports information & community is now the
largest application scenarios for users while sports IP and betting are the best ways for realization and
income in sports industry.

Sports information & community
The spread of sports industry, the exertion of its influence, and the interaction between IPs and fans
have all transferred to mobile Internet in large numbers. However, there are still many problems in
modes and systems of sports information and community on the mobile Internet, which are specifically
as follows:
•

The authentication mechanism of content value lags behind and now the content of media is
generated by a centralized platform-generated content model. The definition of value is based
on output cost and profit return, which results in a "factory-type" centralized processing mode.
However, there are many subjects involved in the spatiotemporal distribution of sports
information. Users' demands for information contents and forms are rich and varied, which
makes the cost of meeting needs is very high.

PG. 7 – Copyright Protected by SnLtoken.io Development Team – version 1.4

•

•

•

With a lack of user identity mechanism, online sports communities are closed. Except for the
real iconic characters, users need to create their own image from 0 to 1 in each community,
which will lead to the slow integration of new people into the community and community
growth.
The system of incentive mechanism is poor. The largest community members are many nonKOL users who simply speak and quietly praise. These users are handling information, reading
posts, giving likes, commenting and sharing to help the entire community. However, these
activities which build the ecosystem are not fairly rewarded under the current system.
It is difficult for commercial communities to commercialize the value which they have created.
Due to the poor structure of incentive mechanism and the fragile relationship between sports
communities and their large number of users, it is difficult to integrate two into one single
subject, which makes it even more difficult to realize during the business process of intervention
into users.

Asset trading of sports IPs
Although the commercial value of sports IP assets has been recognized by the SnL, there are still
many problems in the overall development. The concrete manifestation is as follows:
•

•

•

•

•

•

The lack of a centralized platform for sports IP assets to display their information and the
low level of transparency of information lead to the decrease of the value of many assets,
which increases the cost and the threshold for investors and content providers (i.e. of
games, application, media) (CP) to obtain information for IP transaction and business
value at the same time as well.
Sports IP builds a primary market by its own owners or brokers, but Sports IP lacks
enough resources to build a secondary amarket. This is the main reason why the commercial
value has not been effectively determined and released.
Sports IP lacks enough market-oriented pricing mechanism and means of estimating.
Under the existing centralized system, the IP business value strongly depends on the pointto-point information transfer separated by the broker or the marketing team and the CP,
and mastery of asymmetric information becomes a key factor in price negotiations. Both IP
and CP do not maximize their revenues or profits.
The value of sporting IP assets is largely determined by fans and consumers, but there is a
chasm between assets and fans which is that there is no link between the actions of fans and
the value of the sporting IP asset. Fans do not share in the rise in the asset value of IP assets,
while IP assets do not drive fans to create value quickly.
Moreover, the demand side of asset operations also need to spend a large amount of money
to reach fans and consumers through numerous means after obtaining the authorization to
use assets. Therefore, the utilization efficiency of commercial value of assets needs to be
improved urgently.
The difficulty of ownership belonging judgement and default risk in IP asset trading
process is high. The operation and commercial realization of sports IP assets often have a
large number of cross-border transactions, and the settlement is complicated.

Betting
Presently, there exists centralized betting service providers consisting of large-scale betting
establishments that hold licenses in countries which are friendly to betting activities, and many
underground betting companies. However, there are still many problems in operation and trading:

PG. 8 – Copyright Protected by SnLtoken.io Development Team – version 1.4

•
•

•

•

•

First, there are regional restrictions. The regulation of currencies by various countries has
resulted in the inability to support global betting payments.
Second place, there are trust issues with payments. Users’ trust in claim payments depends only
on the trustworthiness of the banker and the platform, especially when there is a risk at the
complex and long-term payment and delivery.
Odds and changes in handicap are not transparent. Betting rules, betting, information
concerning betting outcomes are not open and transparent. For dealers there is room for fraud
and misconduct.
In the third place, inability to pay immediately. With the development of time and the change
of odds, bettors can choose to cash in advance, but the existing centralized mechanism can only
rely on dealers limited repurchase.
Last but not the least, there are also privacy and security protection. There is risk in users’
privacy and financial security.

Games & Applications
Now most sports games and applications are on mobile terminals, but the current mobile ecosystem is
a typical closed ecosystem, which brings some problems to sports games and applications:
•

•

•

Pricing and value of users’ acquisition process are not transparent, the mainstream of CPT,
CPA access to acquire users need to be paid in advance for exposure and start-up, of whom it
takes a certain period to clear the actual value of users, however. So, there is a risk of loss of
investment in game / application production. In CPS mode, the final effect of realization is
mastered in the traffic or CP side with a risk
a of deduction, which makes it hard to promote the
cooperation.
More and more games become similar or same with each other. As games can issue in-game
currency freely, many games are inflating the in-game currency supply to deprive users of value,
rather than creating value for users to get rewarded through quality and rich gameplays.
It is difficult to get IP resources. In order to obtain users and enhance the experience,
applications always need the authorization of IP. However, there is a big difficulty in acquiring
IPs, which is a consequence of the opacity in IP asset transactions.

Section 3: Sport AND Leisure Public Blockchain and SNL
3.1 Abstract
Sport AND Leisure Public Blockchain uses SNL as the medium to combine sports industry and the
application and business environment of sports ecosystem chain by blockchain technology.
The All SnL Token Platform is based on the use of smart contract and token system to provide
developers with a convenient and complete set of interface protocols for payment and settlement as well
as application development (the All SnL Token Platform) - including sporting contents, online
community, IP asset trading and its promoting platform, sports prediction platform, sports apps and
gaming platforms, etc.
The All SnL Token Platform aims to use blockchain technology to provide open platform services for
decentralized sports ecosystem chain, giving all business participants transparent application
development services and business realizations through operation of blockchain ecosystem chain and
tokenization of assets in order to achieve business goals.

PG. 9 – Copyright Protected by SnLtoken.io Development Team – version 1.4

Sport AND Leisure offers an open-source blockchain ecosystem platform to record all participants'
interactions in the community as well as participants' transactions in different scenarios, such as IP asset
trading promotion, gaming and entertainment using decentralized account.
SNL is a major component of the ecosystem on the All SnL Token Platform. SNL is a digitallyencrypted virtual currency based on blockchain and smart contract technology that is tailored to
sporting contents, community-based incentives and spending on different scenarios. SNL is a nonrefundable functional utility token which will be used as the unit of exchange (e.g. for smart contracts
and trade of digital assets) between participants on the All SnL Token Platform on the All SnL Token
Platform.
SNL does not in any way represent any shareholding, participation, right, title, or interest in the
Foundation, its affiliates, or any other company, enterprise or undertaking, nor will SNL entitle token
holders to any promise of fees, revenue, profits or investment returns, and are not intended to constitute
securities in Singapore or any relevant jurisdiction. SNL may only be utilized on the All SnL Token
Platform, and ownership of SNL carries no rights, express or implied, other than the right to use SNL
to enable usage of and interaction with the All SnL Token Platform. SNL is an integral and
indispensable part of the All SnL Token Platform, because in the absence of SNL, there would be no
common unit of exchange for services provided on the All SnL Token Platform, thus rendering the
ecosystem on the All SnL Token Platform unsustainable.

In particular, you understand and accept that SNL:
(a) is non-refundable cannot be exchanged for cash (or its equivalent value in any other virtual currency)
a affiliate;
or any payment obligation by the Foundation or any
(b) does not represent or confer on the token holder any right of any form with respect to the Foundation
(or any of its affiliates) or its revenues or assets, including without limitation any right to receive future
revenue, shares, ownership right or stake, share or security, any voting, distribution, redemption,
liquidation, proprietary (including all forms of intellectual property), or other financial or legal rights or
equivalent rights, or intellectual property rights or any other form of participation in or relating to the
All SnL Token Platform, the Foundation and/or its service providers;
(c) is not intended to be a representation of money (including electronic money), security, commodity,
bond, debt instrument or any other kind of financial instrument or investment;
(d) is not a loan to the Foundation or any of its affiliates, is not intended to represent a debt owed by the
Foundation or any of its affiliates, and there is no expectation of profit; and
(e) does not provide the token holder with any ownership or other interest in the Foundation or any of
its affiliates.

The contributions in the token sale will be held by the Foundation (or its affiliate) after the token sale,
and contributors will have no economic or legal right over or beneficial interest in these contributions
or the assets of that entity after the token sale.
To the extent a secondary market or exchange for trading SNL does develop, it would be run and
operated wholly independently of the Foundation, the sale of SNL and the All SnL Token Platform.
The Foundation will not create such secondary markets, nor will it act as an exchange for SNL.

PG. 10 – Copyright Protected by SnLtoken.io Development Team – version 1.4

3.2 Open Platform for Contents and Community
The open All SnL Token Platform for contents and community will comprise the Sport AND Leisure
public blockchain which allows third parties to build their decentralized applications, with SNL used
as the medium of exchange as well as the incentive to incentivize ecosystem community building.
The All SnL Token Platform will combine platform-generated content, user-generated, and developers
to provide contents / information, community features, live play, data and other services to attract and
retain users as well as provide service for consumption scene.
These processes would require an open and transparent pricing system designed for various aspects
such as content supplement, interactive supplement and service consumption. All incentives to be paid
by All SnL Token Platform will be settled by SNL.
•

•

•

•

Users: Online activities which promote the development of the ecosystem on the All SnL
Token Platform (e.g. reading, evaluating, sharing, and reporting spams on various content /
topics) will be tagged. Tags will classify the behavior of users in an open and transparent
manner, and users will obtain SNL as incentives for positive behavior. SNL is required to pay
for community items when using community apps, and SNL will be deducted when users post
spam information and violate community rules.
Platform-generated content: Flexible dynamic registration and fragmented production are
reflected. Higher quality content is rewarded by more SNL, thus promoting the generation of
higher quality content on the All SnL Token Platform. Platform-generated content would have
to provide an assurance payment in SNL before being given access to the initial distribution.
a criteria such as clicks received, number of times
Contents will be examined through objecting
shared or reported by users, as well as other interactive feedback means. Higher quality content
will be rewarded with extra SNL, while poorer quality content will lead to a deduction of
assurance payment.
Developer: Developers can develop third party applications and services on the All SnL Token
Platform and offer them for use by users (e.g. a variety of community services, such as emojis,
live score push notifications). Payment for these applications and services will be made in SNL
(based on usage of service), and developers distributing and promoting their own services
would need to pay SNL to the All SnL Token Platform for service fee.
All SnL Token Platform: For each transaction in the ecosystem on All SnL Token Platform,
the platform will charge a certain service fee, which will be applied towards the objects of the
Foundation (including development of ecosystem, expansion, as well as construction,
maintenance and development of All SnL Token Platform).

3.3 Sports IP asset trading platform
Sports IP asset trading platform connects the sports IP asset owners, supporters, fans, content
providers to fulfil the integration of industry resources, the delivering of values and the promotion of the
sports industry development as well as evolution.
The platform is based on the Sport AND Leisure public blockchain and SNL. It consists of an IP asset
display platform, an IP asset distribution platform (primary market), IP asset transactions (secondary
market), and an IP authorized transaction center.

PG. 11 – Copyright Protected by SnLtoken.io Development Team – version 1.4

Platform Features
•

•

•

•

IP asset display platform: Portal entrance with content information service, search and inquiry
service, making the information of IP assets fully transparent and facilitating the value
transmission and diffusion.
IP asset distribution platform (primary market):
A platform to first release the IP assets and
a
distribute them through the form of additional IP token. The total number of each IP token is
fixed, while the proportion of the initial distribution of shares cannot be too much nor too little.
Payment through SNL is the only way supported on the platform.
IP asset trading platform (secondary market): Circulating IP tokens are introduced.
Supporters and fans can trade IP tokens on the trading platform with SNL, to bring the price
of IP assets in line with the market.
IP authorized transaction center: IP asset owners set the reserve price settled in IP tokens in
minutes to derive the total amount of time. What’s more, owners should execute that to their
authorized materials with a time share, so that CP can redeem them after purchase. CPs who
have gained IP authorization can purchase IP tokens through the secondary market and also
be able to purchase the licenses.

Economic system
• Party with IP assets
ü Enroll in an asset distribution platform and then issue IP tokens which are named after the
respective IP, in exchange for SNL from supporters and fans. Thereafter, the issued IP
tokens would enter the secondary market.
ü Set the reserve price settled by IP tokens and the total amount of time; Execute that to their
authorized materials with a time share, so that CP can redeem them after purchase.
ü Publish IP information on a regular basis according to the size of transactions of IP
authorization to regularly release all rights of proceeding.
ü Attract fans and supporters onto the platform with IP’s own influence to encourage more
asset trading activities.

PG. 12 – Copyright Protected by SnLtoken.io Development Team – version 1.4

• Supporters and fans
ü Buy and sell IP tokens on asset trading platforms through SNL held, and potentially share
in the value of the underlying IP.

• CPs
ü Buy IP tokens on the asset trading platform and then bid for the IP authorizations on IP
authorized transaction center, in order to be entitled to use that IP in their own products
and services in order to achieve commercial realization.
ü Attract IP supporters and fans to their own products and services so that precise promotion
and the empowerment of IP can be achieved.

• All SnL Token Platform
ü Charge each transaction a transaction fee, which will go to the Foundation for follow-up
platform construction and maintenance, expansion of platform ecosystem partners and
more IP cooperation inclusion in order to enhance the overall ecosystem value.

3.4 Prediction and entertainment platform
Sport AND Leisure Prediction and Entertainment Platform is a set of ecosystem services built on the
a It provides the world with underlying and basic
All SnL Token Platform, public blockchain and SNL.
technical services for sports prediction and entertainment.
The market volume or user base for sports prediction is very large, which provides a strong economic
base and broad application prospects for this service.
Ecosystem composition
ü Global prediction and entertainment providers can implement various online
entertainment scenarios and applications through API (Application Programming
Interface) and SDK (Software Development Kit) provided by the All SnL Token
Platform.
ü Users can participate in prediction markets or organize their own prediction games
through the usage of SNL.

Service system
•

Network platform: The prediction platform on the All SnL Token Platform focuses on the
global online market and intends to build a full-dimensional and matrix network of prediction

PG. 13 – Copyright Protected by SnLtoken.io Development Team – version 1.4

•

•

service system. In addition to building the underlying SDK based on the Sport AND Leisure
public blockchain, it also provides customized user-end application, including but not limited
to PC end, H5 webpage, App (iOS & Android), mini programmed, etc. It also supports various
consumer-to-consumer OTC activities with underlying technology.
Third-party vendor access: For Sport AND Leisure prediction providers worldwide, game
makers and other non-blockchain online prediction platforms around the world, Sport AND
Leisure public blockchain provides smart contract templates and frameworks, application
components, customized APIs and SDKs to reduce the threshold of online prediction game
development.
Network distribution: For worldwide intermediaries, it provides a smart distribution system,
including user overview, offline management, commission settings, financial sub-accounts and
other functions.

Advantages of blockchain technology
•

Open, transparent and without tampering: Blockchain technology can guarantee prediction
participants (wallet address), prediction rules, betting, results and other information will be set
out in an open, transparent and tamper-proof manner.
It is envisaged that Sport AND Leisure public blockchain would completely erase obsolete
bad habits such as cheating, fraud, etc., as well as allegations faced by innocent online prediction
platforms and the dealers.
Also, as it is based on a completely open and transparent environment that is supervised by the
public, All SnL Token Platform aims to rebuild
the reputation of the sports prediction industry,
a
enhancing participants' contractual spirit and maintaining a good platform order.

•

Smart contract delivery: Through a customized smart contract to achieve a variety of gaming
scenarios and different levels of complexity of the code delivery and the usage of the Sport AND
Leisure public blockchain, the All SnL Token Platform can prevent the risk of default among
participants, ensuring the interests of all parties can be deducted or delivered in a safe, timely
and smooth platform. The default smart contract can also be used to implement the forward
code delivery. Once the trigger condition is reached, the smart contract will be executed or will
provide evidence right away.

•

Encryption protection: Wallet address (representing participants), digital tokens and other
blockchain data are the encryption features that can effectively protect the information security
of all participants, enhancing the reputation of the platform and improving the service level of
the platform.

•

No more traditional geographical restrictions: Users can either play through any client ends on
Sport AND Leisure public prediction entertainment platform (collectively referred to as OTC)
anytime, anywhere, or play through the blockchain wallet using token to self-organize
consumer-to-consumer's OTC game. This allows people around the world to overcome the
geographical barriers and use their fragmented time anytime, anywhere to participate.

PG. 14 – Copyright Protected by SnLtoken.io Development Team – version 1.4

3.5 Applications and games’ open platform
Third party developers will be able to use SDK and API interfaces provided by the Sport AND Leisure
public blockchain to develop applications and games. These applications and games may be promoted
to users on the All SnL Token Platform and/or charge users a usage fee through the payment of SNL.
All games and apps provided by CPs - and the props and functions in these games - use SNL for open
and transparent pricing. All users' consumer behaviors are decentralized through the All SnL Token
Platform. The non-privacy information and attributes of all users in the platform are all publicly available
by the CP. Therefore, CP can directly acquire target users and thus do their promotion.

3.6 Matching wallets
The all SnL Token platform will offer you to use your own erc20 token digital wallet to assist members
of the community (including users and third-party developers) to manage their SNL. We highly advice
you to use the wallets with the basic features such as viewing of amount, transfer, etc. of SNL can be
realized. It also helps participants manage their own accounts, as well as use of payment for a wide range
of apps and consumer scenarios across the platform.

3.7 Technical realization
Blockchain technology is used to record all trading information and user information on the open All
SnL Token Platform in a native decentralized ledger.
a
By submitting a smart contract, it specifies basic open-economy rules for the entire platform, addressing
the trading and incentive issues in various communities and consumer scenarios on the platform, and
ensuring that the ecosystem of the entire platform is open and transparent. Distributed database will
store media information of large capacity.
These include basic information about community and contextual user profiles, contents published by
platform-generated content and user-generated content, live streaming, IP asset trading, prediction
entertainment, gaming and the needs of third-party application.
Based on blockchain technology and distributed repositories, the All SnL Token Platform is a set of
basic clearing systems and open platform interface protocols supported by smart contracts and token
systems, and the earliest developers will set the rules and start off the development.
Application layer bases itself on the Sport AND Leisure public blockchain to implement various
applications. Start-up members will work as a team to first develop applications such as information
(contents) and community applications, IP asset trading, business applications such as prediction
entertainment, live broadcast applications and wallet Draft for open community review and subject to
change. applications, etc.
Anyone and any third-party software can contribute their own applications to the platform of Sport
AND Leisure public blockchain.

PG. 15 – Copyright Protected by SnLtoken.io Development Team – version 1.4

Section 4: Partners on the ecosystem platform
Concurrently with the launch of the All SnL Token Platform, the Foundation has struck a strategic
partnership with Global Fun Holding, the world's famous media and community. Global Fun Holding
will be the first to gain access to the information and community open platform and the games/apps
open platform.
As of the date of writing, Global Fun Holding has nearly 10 million loyal fans worldwide, mainly in
England, Argentina, Nigeria, Ghana, Spain and other English and Spanish speaking countries, with
approximately 1 million daily active users.
Manchester City, West Bromwich Albion, Schalke 04, RCD Espanyol, Crystal Palace, Birmingham
City, Cardiff City, Leeds United clubs have all settled on Global Fun Holding.
Top IPs such as Cristiano Ronaldo, Roberto Baggio and Inter Milan have signed and gained access
into the IP asset trading platform. On the one hand, the Foundation will work hard to exert influence
to attract fans to the All SnL Token Platform; On the other hand, it will strive to recruit more wellknown IP assets to enhance the ecosystem on the All SnL Token Platform.
The world's top providers of sports prediction information and services will be able to gain access to
Sport AND Leisure prediction entertainment platform. In the prediction entertainment platform,
third-party entertainment service providers may grant access to their products and enrich the types of
games to make the ecosystem more vibrant and full-filled. At the same time, third-party service providers
can support SNL through their SDKs or APIs on their own web-based platforms.

Section 5: Public Blockchain Foundation

a

5.1 The establishment of All SnL FOUNDING MEMBERS
Considering the internationalization of the All SnL Token Platform and native public chain, the
Foundation had been established in Singapore.
The foundation devotes itself to the research, design and development of, and advocacy for a
decentralized, globalized sports blockchain platform which is deeply rooted in the sports industry
ecosystem, enabling free-flow of sharing and transmission of values by all users and participants in the
industry and a variety of blockchain-based applications in the sports industry, and promoting the safe
and harmonious development of the open source blockchain community ecosystem.

5.2 Foundation structure
The foundation structure of Sport AND Leisure Public Blockchain Foundation includes operational
processes and protocols for everyday work and special situations.

PG. 16 – Copyright Protected by SnLtoken.io Development Team – version 1.4

5.3 Functions of various committees
Board of Directors:
Study and formulate long-term plans, manage the use of resources for the development of the All SnL
Token Platform, constitute regulations and management systems, analyses and approve the feasibility
of new projects, and manage daily operations of Sport AND Leisure Public Blockchain.
Risk Control Committee:
Research and formulate risk control strategies, develop risk control standards, review overall
operational risks, convene risk review meetings foraprojects and reveal the outcomes of reviews.
Compensation and Personnel Committee:
Formulate and modify remuneration, incentive programs, audit institutions and post settings, take
charge of staff recruitment.
Audit Committee:
Responsible for operational audit, financial audit, and code audit.

Section 6: Development Plan and Timetable
Development plan for All SnL Token Platform and public blockchain.
Update the plan and timetable in 2018/12/01
Time Event:

2018 Q4 Completion of underlying structure design. Secure more than one partners for SNL for using
and consumption. Develop and improve the platform and relative application for sports betting and
entertainment platforms. Increase incentives for the support of the underlying system.
2019 Q1 Completion of relocation of public blockchain.
2019 Q2 Completion of development of sports prediction entertainment platform.
2019 Q3 Completion of development of integrated platforms.

PG. 17 – Copyright Protected by SnLtoken.io Development Team – version 1.4

Section 7: Token Value
SnL token will have a fixed bottom value of 0.000055 ETH, in other word each Ethereum has the
maximum value of 18181 SnL. This rate can go much lower, base on market demand but under no
circumstances cannot be sold higher than this pairing rate.

Section 8: Token Release Plan
963,252,000 SNL will be issued in total, and distributed as follows:
1. Maximum of 25% of SNL issued will be sold in the private sale, to a maximum of 149 purchasers.
2. Maximum of 70% of SNL issued will be sold in the public sale from 1st Jan 2019 to maintain the rapid
prototyping and subsequent healthy and sustained development of communities and the entire
ecosystem on the All SnL Token Platform.
3. 5% of SNL issued will be issued to incentivize and motivate the founding and development team. The
Sport AND Leisure team has done much work in terms of project design, resource organization,
incubation of the pre-commercial environment and various other aspects, and continuously input
manpower resources, intelligence and material inputs in shaping the ecosystem. This incentive will be
released over four years – one quarter will be released in the first year, and one quarter will be released
each year thereafter.

Section 9: Risks

a
You acknowledge and agree that there are numerous risks with purchasing SNL, holding SNL, and
using SNL for participation in the All SnL Token Platform.
9.1 Uncertain Regulations and Enforcement Actions
The regulatory status of SNL and distributed ledger technology is unclear or unsettled in many
jurisdictions. It is impossible to predict how, when or whether regulatory agencies may apply existing
regulations or create new regulations with respect to such technology and its applications, including
SNL and/or the All SnL Token Platform. Regulatory actions could negatively impact SNL and/or the
All SnL Token Platform in various ways. The Foundation (or its affiliates) may cease operations in a
jurisdiction if regulatory actions, or changes to law or regulation, make it illegal to operate in such
jurisdiction, or commercially undesirable to obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) to operate in
such jurisdiction.
After consulting with a wide range of legal advisors and continuous analysis of the development and
legal structure of virtual currencies, the Foundation will apply a cautious approach towards the sale of
SNL. Therefore, for the crowd sale, the Foundation may constantly adjust the sale strategy in

9.2 Competitors
It is possible that alternative networks could be established that utilize the same or similar code and
protocol underlying SNL and/or the All SnL Token Platform and attempt to re-create similar facilities.
The All SnL Token Platform may be required to compete with these alternative networks, which could
negatively impact SNL and/or the All SnL Token Platform.

PG. 18 – Copyright Protected by SnLtoken.io Development Team – version 1.4

9.3 Loss of Talent
The development of the All SnL Token Platform depends on the continued co-operation of the existing
technical team and expert consultants, who are highly knowledgeable and experienced in their
respective sectors. The loss of any member may adversely affect the All SnL Token Platform or its future
development.
9.4 Failure to develop
There is the risk that the development of the All SnL Token Platform will not be executed or
implemented as planned, for a variety of reasons, including without limitation the event of a decline in
the prices of any digital asset, virtual currency or SNL, unforeseen technical difficulties, and shortage
of development funds for activities.
9.5 Security weaknesses
Hackers or other malicious groups or organizations may attempt to interfere with SNL and/or the All
SnL Token Platform in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial of service
attacks, consensus-based attacks, Sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. Furthermore, there is a risk that
a third party or a member of the Foundation or its affiliates may intentionally or unintentionally
introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure of SNL and/or the All SnL Token Platform, which
could negatively affect SNL and/or the All SnL Token Platform.
9.6 Other risks
In addition to the risks, there are other risks (as more particularly set out in the Token Purchase
Agreement) with your purchase, holding and use of SNL, including those that the Foundation cannot
a
anticipate. Such risks may further materialize as unanticipated variations or combinations of the risks.
You should conduct full due diligence on the Foundation (and its affiliates), the Sport AND Leisure
team, understand the overall framework and vision for the All SnL Token Platform prior to purchasing
SNL.

Section 10: Contract Integration
The valid contract address which can get integrated with any sport and leisure platform is assigned and
validated by Etherscan.io platform which can be find as below:

0xa806b3fed6891136940cf81c4085661500aa2709

PG. 19 – Copyright Protected by SnLtoken.io Development Team – version 1.4

This Project Could Never Get to Success without below inspirations:

•

The Age of Cryptocurrency: How Bitcoin and Digital Money Are Challenging the Global
Economic Order
by Paul Vigna and Michael J. Casey

•

Cryptocurrency Investing Bible
by Alan T. Norman

•

Mastering Bitcoin: Unlocking Digital Cryptocurrencies
by Andreas M. Antonopoulos

•

Blockchain: Blueprint for a New Economy
by Melanie Swan

•

Blockchain: Down The Rabbit Hole: (Discover The Power Of The Blockchain)
by Tim Lea

•

Blockchain Revolution: How the Technology Behind Bitcoin Is Changing Money, Business,
and the World
by Don Tapscott and Alex Tapscott

•

Blockchain Basics: A Non-Technical Introduction in 25 Steps
by Daniel Drescher
a

•

Promise, Practice, and Application of the Next Internet Technology
How Money Got Free? | by Brian Patrick Eha
by William Mougayar and Vitalik Buterin

•

Mastering Bitcoin: Unlocking Digital Cryptocurrencies,
by Andreas M. Antonopoulos

•

The Internet of Money,
by Andreas M. Antonopoulos

•

The Age of Cryptocurrency:
How Bitcoin and Digital Money Are Challenging the Global Economic Order,
by Paul Vigna and Michael J. Casey

•

Blockchain Revolution:
How the Technology Behind Bitcoin Is Changing Money, Business, and the World,
by Don Tapscott and Alex Tapscott

•

Digital Gold:
The Inside Story of the Misfits and Millionaires Trying to Reinvent Money,
by Nathaniel Popper

PG. 20 – Copyright Protected by SnLtoken.io Development Team – version 1.4

Blogs:
•
•
•
•
•

Musings on Markets
A Wealth of Common Sense
Oddball Stocks
The Reformed Broker
The Brooklyn Investor

a

PG. 21 – Copyright Protected by SnLtoken.io Development Team – version 1.4

