Subscription Revenue Business using Blockchain Technology

VERSION 1.0 MAR 2018 SRCoin TEAM WWW.SRCoin.INFO

Copyright 2017 SRCoin PROJECT. All Rights Reserved.

Page 1 of 21

0. Definitions
“Crowdsale” means
“SRCoin” is the new utility token being sold under the terms and conditions of this crowdsale.
“SRCoin Project” is the sole ownership of SRCoin and is the sole beneficiary of this crowdsale.
“Utility token’ means
“Website” means https://www.srcoin.info/
“White paper” means the white paper setting out SRCoin’s concept which can be found at
https://www.srcoin.info/whitepapers

1. Abstract
1.1 What is a subscription business?
Subscription businesses are regarded as one of the highest valued business models in Wall Street to date.
Well-known companies that use this model include Netflix, Amazon’s Prime Service, Apple Music, Spotify,
Zipcar, IPSY, Dollar Shave Club, and more. Notably, companies such as Amazon/Amazon Prime
incorporate subscriptions into their pay-per-product business model.
The definition of a subscription based model is as follows: “A subscription-based pricing model is a payment
structure that allows a customer or organization to purchase or subscribe to a vendor’s services for a
specific period of time for a set price. Subscribers typically commit to the services on a monthly or annual
basis”.

1.2 Why it matters
The goals of SRCoin Project and this crowdsale:
1) Using the crowdsale funds, acquire and distribute massage chairs through a subscription business
model;
2) Connect the distributed massage chairs via Blockchain technology and construct a health
monitoring platform; and
3) Through this platform, personal health information will be accumulated in a time series format on a
database. The information can be used by the customers or shared to personal doctors, local
drugstores, and research facilities as a preventative and diagnostic measure for the customers
involved. This information can also be used for the future development of healthcare analytics and
machine learning technology.

Page 2 of 21

Value Proposition of SRCoin Project and this crowdsale:
Firstly, we are targeting the US$2.2 billion Singaporean and Malaysian market for massage chairs using a
subscription business model, which will act as a foundation to generating stable and long-term cash flow,
thus increasing the intrinsic value of SRCoins due to secondary market trading. SRCoins would be able
to be exchanged for real life goods and services amounting to its market value as explained later
on, or be traded on secondary markets.
➢ Over the next 6 years, the expected increase in SRCoin Project’s worth is ~800%
➢ 6 years after the end of the crowdsale, the amount of SRCoins in circulation is expected to decrease
by ~81%. After 6 years, only ~19% of SRCoins is expected to be left in the market;
➢ Therefore, the increased profitability of our subscription business combined with the decreased
number of SRCoins in circulation is expected to increase the intrinsic and exchange value of
SRCoins by 147 times its original value; and
➢ SRCoin project will utilize and benefit from crowdsale contributors to immediately find real intrinsic
and exchange value in SRCoins.

Secondly, by collecting a time series database of personal health information, we can utilize data analytics
and machine learning to discover early stages of diseases, predict potential health risks, and significantly
decrease the customers’ medical expenses by making the data available for immediate use upon
agreement from our customers. Moreover, with this extensive database, medical institutions would be able
to actively search for patients who need check-ups, treatments, or other medical services, providing those
services to patients. This is a powerful opportunity for medical communities and the public to build a longterm and sustainable, care provider and patient relationship. In the United States, the market for storing
and distributing healthcare related data is a US$10 billion industry and is projected to be one of the fastest
growing areas of data analytics and machine learning in the years to come. The collected time series health
data will be secured through Blockchain technology for credibility, reliability, and safety and will be used
efficiently to address many prevalent social health problems in our world today such as high blood pressure,
obesity, and heart diseases.

To summarize:
1) Through our health platform app, customers would be able to closely monitor their own health and
immediately send required information to medical institutions if needed. This will lead to decreased
medical expenses for customers and more efficient maintaining of their health;
2) Through more effective preventive care using time series health data, government spending can
be decreased by more than 30%;
3) Medical institutions such as drugstores, would be able to improve their business and accessibility
through the use of the health database;

Page 3 of 21

4) Health-related research facilities would be able to decrease expenditure on searching for needed
patients and information, being able to focus on the research itself; and
5) SRCoin Project will promote the health data platform to hospitals, sport centers, pharmaceutical
companies and governments. They would be able to pay the health data usage fee using
SRCoins.

1.3 SRCoin's Target Market
From 2007 to 2016, SRCoin’s main target markets, Singapore and Malaysia, have shown explosive growth
in the subscription business sector, with the current market size being US$6.8 billion.

We are issuing SRCoins to tap into the US$1.1 billion massage chair market using the subscription
business model. The goal of this crowdsale is simple. After purchasing massage chairs using the crowdsale
funding, we will use existing sales infrastructure to promote a subscription plan for these massage chairs.
Crowdsale participants would then be able to exchange SRCoins,
Currently, there are five main companies that are selling massage chairs, which will be SRCoin’s main
product. However, by entering into the massage chair market with a subscription business model.
The funds gathered through the crowdsale of SRCoin will be used to purchase necessary products for
carrying out the subscription business and to create and maintain the personal health data database. The
maintenance and security of the database will be kept and monitored through Blockchain technology.
Furthermore, once these assets incur profit based on the subscription plan, 50% of the profit will be
reinvested into purchasing more assets.

1.4 Business Model
Not only would SRCoins be used for purchasing assets from the subscription business, the tokens
themselves will become a great marketable cryptocurrency that will hold a high scarcity value on
cryptocurrency exchanges.
1) The remaining 50% of profits will be reinvested in the products that fuel our subscription business

2) The funds raised from SRCoin's crowdsale and the profit generated by the subscription business
will be calculated by an independent third-party accounting firm to ensure credibility and
transparency

SRCoin is a token of ERC20, which incorporate Blockchain technology. Thus, the transparency of our
trade, worldwide access, and ownership of SRCoins will be verifiable by those holding SRCoins. Through
this project, we hope to merge the safety and reliability of the subscription business with the modern
technology of Blockchain to reform and improve the subscription revenue industry.

Page 4 of 21

1.5 Real Value of SRCoins
From the completion of the crowdsale, SRCoins would be usable in the real world as well. Similar to how
Bitcoin’s worth was verified by how people were able to purchase pizza with it, you will also be able to
witness SRCoin’s usage in the real world firsthand.
1) SRCoin project will support health data platform to hospitals, sports centers, pharmaceutical
companies, and governments. They can pay the health data usage fee with SRCoin.

2) SRCoin holders would be able to purchase massage chairs, and other appliances using SRCoins.

3) The current 140,000 customers (and those in the future) will have the option of paying their
subscription fees with SRCoins

If SRCoin begins to be used in the ways described above, the trade volume and value of SRCoinS will
greatly benefit and increase.
Following SRCoin’s entrance as a useable cryptocurrency in the real world, SRCoin will have a
differentiated scarcity value that cannot be found in other crowdsale cryptocurrencies.

Page 5 of 21

2. The Health Platform
There are several advantages of using message chairs as a platform for our subscription business.
1) Message chair is a shared device. With just one message chair, it can collect personal health data
of all household members. We plan to collaborate with COMTEK to develop Wi-Fi and Bluetooth
incorporated massage chair that can measure health information such as heart rate, body
temperature, and blood pressure. Thus, we will create a Blockchain based time series database
for all members of the household.
2) This health information can be collected easily and repeatedly each time one uses the message
chair, and this will yield in a robust time series database over time. Time series database will display
various trends in each type of data collected. Therefore, it can be a very important source of
information for early stage diagnosis, preventive care, and other medical treatments.
3) Message chair already has a structure to collect useful health information.
a. Arm massager will be able to vary in pressure to collect blood pressure level
b. Various chair positioning allows to measure more accurate health information. For example,
to measure Ankle Brachial Index, one needs to lie down flat on the back and message chair can
be positioned this way
c. Wifi and Bluetooth accessibility
d. Electrical base of message chair allows IoT
e. Can easily add devices to measure heart rate, blood oxygen level, sleep analysis, and various
other types of health data

Example Personal Health Data Information from Massage Chair:
▪

Heart Rate

▪

Heart Rate Variability

▪

Resting Heart Rate

▪

Blood Pressure

▪

Blood Oxygen Level

▪

Ankle Brachial Index

▪

Weight

▪

Height

▪

Sleep Analysis

▪

Relaxation Data

▪

Body Mass Index

▪

Sleep Apnea Study

http://medinstrum.com/finger-blood-pressure-monitor
https://dicentra.com/medicaldevices/?gclid=EAIaIQobChMI0K3w9_Oq2AIVjsnjBx0VYA7jEAEYASAAEgJfAfD_BwE
Page 6 of 21

Customers will be able to easily access their health information collected by message chair using mobile
app or sending an email request the information.

Health information shared with government or medical institutions will be in database format.
▪

Time Series Heart Rate Data

▪

Time Series Blood Pressure Data

▪

Time Series Sleep Analysis Data

▪

Time series Relaxation data

▪

Body Mass Index Change Data

▪

Body Fat Percentage Change Data

▪

Elevated Heart Rate Notification

▪

Blood Pressure Notification

▪

Before and After Usage of Message Chair Data for Heart Rate

▪

Before and After Usage of Message Chair Data for Blood Pressure

All health information shared with government and medical institutions will require customers consent, and
the customers can decide to consent with the information collection and usage when they enter into
subscription contract for message chairs.

Page 7 of 21

3. Key Advantages of Subscription Business
In a subscription business, the customer pays first to use the services provided, meaning the cashflow is
stable and present.

3.1 Higher Margin
Generally, a higher margin implies that the consumer has to pay more, but under a subscription
business model, the consumer is only required to pay relatively smaller monthly installments. This
means that the consumer is more willing to pay an overall larger sum of money because of the small
financial burden in the short run.

3.2 Business Consistency
The subscription business is an attractive concept to the consumer, and therefore, there can be a fast
increase in profits. Moreover, loyal customers will return time after time to purchase products, which
creates recurring revenue.

3.3 Value
Subscription businesses have the evidence and ability to state, “Our revenue next month is $x million”.
The reason is that there are recurring revenue payments from customers that come in month after
month that convert this statement into fact. On the other hand, normal businesses can only state
possible and sometimes inaccurate predictions for their revenue, for which they themselves cannot
predict actually ascertain. For this reason, venture capitals and investment banks regard subscription
businesses with high value and find them attractive.

Page 8 of 21

4. The Market
Historically, Singapore is a state that declared independence from Malaysia, but because of their proximity
and their cultural inheritance, their markets exhibit the same defining characteristics. The market for
massage chairs in Singapore and Malaysia has a size close to US$1.1 billion, and due the recent spike in
people’s interest for health and products related to it, this market has been growing rapidly.
The world’s massage chair market is concentrated in Asia, and in particular, demand for this product has
been noticeably great in Singapore and Malaysia.

Reasons why the demand is growing:
1) The increase in PPP has raised the standard of living, and this has stimulated the public to become
more cognizant of health and lifestyle.

2) Due to the high stress of working in these areas, healthy lifestyle products have become a way for
people to flout their wealth – a goal many people see as being a symbol for success.

Currently, Singapore and Malaysia have five companies, OGAWA, PANASONIC, OSIM, GINTEL, and
OTO, that are dominant in the massage chair market. However, until recently, these companies have only
been present in the market for selling massage chairs. The subscription market for massage chairs has
been non-existent. Starting in August 2017, GINTEL began subscriptions for massage chairs, and its
overwhelming success shows immense possibility for profit.

Upon our entrance in the subscription market for massage chairs in Singapore and Malaysia, we plan to
transition the sales market into a subscription market for massage chairs and increase our earnings.

We already have experience with this transition and we are confident this change is a possible and profitable
one. Moreover, due to the size of Singapore and Malaysia’s market for massage chairs, we expect the
change to a subscription market to be of proportional large scale.

Furthermore, the gross margin of current companies that sell massage chairs averages 58%, but our
subscription business’s gross margin will be 70%.

Page 9 of 21

5. Malaysia Subscription Market Growth Projection

Page 10 of 21

7. The Team
7.1 Leaders and Advisors

Dr.Jae M.Yoo, Leader of the Health Database

1. Certification
- Diplomate of American Board of Physical Medicine
and Rehabilitation
- ubspecialty certified in Neuromuscular Medicine, Pain Medicine
And Sports Medicine
- Diplomate of American Board of Electrodiagnostic Medicine
- Diplomate of American Board of Pain Medicine

2. Work Experience
- Catholic Medical College, Department of Neurology
- Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Department of Physical
Medicine and Rehabilitation
- Medical College of Georgia, Department of Anesthesiology and
Perioperative Medicine, Subdivision of Pain Medicine
- Avera St. Luke's Hospital, Department of Physical Medicine and
Rehabilitation, Medical Director
- Virginia Tech Medical College, Carilion Clinic, Department of
Pain Medicine

3. Current Position
- North of Atlanta Pain Clinic USA, Medical Director

Page 11 of 21

Dr. SHAWN KIM, Advisor of Health Database

1. Certification
- Graduated Seoul National University, Seoul,
South Korea
- Graduated from Wayne state university school
of medicine, Detroit, MI
- Diplomate of American Board of Medicine

2. Current Position
- President at GA internal medicine

Dr. YD KIM, Advisor of Health Database

1. Certification
- Doctor of Doctor of pharmacy, USA
- Nova Southeastern University, College of pharmacy
- Chung-Ang university, College of pharmacy, USA
- Registered pharmacist in GA, FL

2. Current Position
- President of Corner pharmacy

Page 12 of 21

Legal, Accounting, and Audit Advisors

Massage chairs require special door-to-door sales efforts, and in order to organize such a large sales
operation, it is necessary to have not only experience and knowledge, but also to be aware of the local
situations in Malaysia and Singapore.

The CEO is an outstanding executive who lived in Malaysia for 23 years with 11 years of experience in the
subscription business. Our executives build customized sales strategies based on a rich understanding of
the Singapore and Malaysia subscription business and strongly leads the sales and sales support teams.

Page 13 of 21

8. Crowdsale
SRCoin is an ERC20 token on the Ethereum Blockchain and, through crowdfunding, will be distributed to
crowdsale contributors as a cryptocurrency token.
➢ Number of available coins: 15 Billion SRCOins
➢ SRCoin Price
o

1st Pre crowdsale: 1 ETH = 700,000 SRCoin + Bonus 100,000 SRCoin
▪

o

2nd Pre crowdsale: 1 ETH = 700,000 SRCoin + Bonus 50,000 SRCoin
▪

o

Until 31st January 2018 (UTC)
1st February 2018 ~ 28th February 2018 (UTC)

Main crowdsale: 1 ETH = 700,000 SRCoin
▪

1st March 2018 ~ 31st March 2018 (UTC)

➢ Payment: 1 ETH = 700,000 SRCoin
➢ Distribution:
o

Participants (70%)

o

Founding Team (15%)

o

Advisors & Early contributors (10%)

o

Sales Team (5%)

➢ Crowdsale Fund utilization:
o

Asset Acquisition and App Development (70%)

o

Health data platform development (20%)

o

Project Operations (10%)

Page 14 of 21

9. Conclusion
SRCoin is the product of utilizing state-of-the-art Blockchain technology with a foundation in the profitable
subscription business.
1) Funds raised through the SRCoin crowdsale and crowdfunding will be used for the highly profitable
subscription business that has guaranteed stability.

2) 50% of the profits made will be used in purchasing assets which will result in compounded profit.
Hence, the exchange value of SRCoins will rise and will cause its price on the market to rise as
well.

Our vision is to build a funds through the Blockchain and allow everyone in the world to contribute with any
amount, whether small or large, to join us in our mission to create a comprehensible system for managing
your health. SRCoin will be used to develop our health platform, and generate revenue through the
subscription business,

Take a part in making our world a healthier place. Health first.

Thank You.

Page 15 of 21

10. References
http://digitalmarketingmagazine.co.uk/e-commerce-digital-marketing/top-5-advantages-of-a-subscriptionbusiness-model/1940

https://blog.kissmetrics.com/excel-at-subscription-economy/

https://www.forbes.com/sites/richardkestenbaum/2017/08/10/subscription-businesses-are-exploding-withgrowth/

http://www.newstomato.com/ReadNews.aspx?no=754823

http://bizn.donga.com/3/all/20171122/87395597/2

http://news.mt.co.kr/mtview.php?no=2017110215224775073&outlink=1&ref=https%3A%2F%2Fsearch.na
ver.com

http://www.thebell.co.kr/free/content/ArticleView.asp?key=201711070100012400000778&svccode=00&p
age=1&sort=thebell_check_time

http://www.marketingprofs.com/chirp/2014/25414/six-benefits-of-using-a-subscription-model-for-yourbusiness-infographic

https://tradingeconomics.com/singapore/gdp-per-capita-ppp

https://tradingeconomics.com/malaysia/gdp-per-capita-ppp

http://www.gintell.com/home/

http://news.mt.co.kr/mtview.php?no=2017110215224775073&outlink=1&ref=https%3A%2F%2Fsearch.na
ver.com

Page 16 of 21

11. Terms and Conditions
The Crowdsale and sale of SRCoin are subject to the following Terms and Conditions ("Terms").

SRCoin Introduction
SRCoin is the new utility token that is being offered by SRCoin Project under these terms and conditions.
Participants are advised to read the SRCoin White Paper which provides an explanation of the concept of
SRCoin, its purpose and its unique benefits.
The Terms and the White Paper are not a solicitation for investment. This crowdsale is a utility token sale
which enables Participants to exchange the tokens for future goods or services and/or potentially profit
only from the sale of SRCoin through secondary market trading at a later date.
Purchasing SRCoin does not provide the purchaser with any rights, either express or implied, in relation
to SRCoin Project. This crowdsale is to provide SRCoin Project with immediately accessible funds to
develop SRCoin. This is further explained in the White Paper.

1. Participants
1.1 It deemed by SRCoin Project that Participants participating in this crowdsale agree that: i) They are over the age of 18 years (if domiciled in the United Kingdom) or over the age of consent to
legally enter contracts (if outside the jurisdiction of the United Kingdom)
ii) That they have sought the relevant legal, tax, and regulatory advice from a suitable qualified
professional as to the legality of crowdsales in their respective jurisdictions.
iii) That they understand that this crowdsale is not being offered to Participants residing in jurisdictions
that are regulated by laws which restrict transactions with tokens. Participants are solely responsible for
understanding and complying with any and all relevant laws in the respective jurisdictions in which they
reside. SRCoin Project cannot be held liable for any legal risks and disputes arising in the respective
jurisdictions of the Participants.
iv) That they are responsible to determine which, if any, taxes apply to any profits made by secondary
trading and to report and remit the correct tax to the appropriate tax authority. SRCoin Project is not
obligated to determine which, if any, taxes apply and are not responsible to collect, report or remit any
such taxes arising from profits earned by Participants through secondary trading.
v) That they will not participate in the crowdsale for any purposes relating to organised crime, fraud, tax
evasion, money laundering, and financial terrorism. Participants also agree that SRCoin Project will cooperate with any police, anti-crime or relevant authorities at all times on investigations relating to a
Participant’s breach of these Terms.
vi) That they are deemed to have the requisite knowledge to understand cryptocoins, cryptocurrencies
and Blockchain technology.
vii) That they understand and agree that nothing in these Terms, White Paper and Website is intended to
provide the Participant with tax, accounting, or legal advice or is to be interpreted as a recommendation,
Page 17 of 21

endorsement, or enticement to participate in SRCoin. Any decision by a Participant to participate is at
their sole discretion and SRCoin Project will not be liable for any loss suffered.
viii) That any purchase of SRCoin is final and non-refundable.
ix) That when the crowdsale launches, a public supply of 15 Billion SRCoin will be listed for sale.
x) That by accepting these terms and conditions, Participants certify that they will fully commit to any
future Participant identification which may be legally required under money laundering regulations.
SRCoin Project is committed to ensuring best cryptocurrency practice and working in accordance with
any future regulatory body.
xi) That they have undergone anti money laundering processes via an exchange.
xii) That they will adhere to these Terms and agree to be bound by them.

2. Timetable for crowdsale
2.1 The schedule of the crowdsale is as follows: 1st Pre-crowdsale: ~ 31st Jan. 2018 (UTC)
2nd Pre-crowdsale: 1st Feb. 2018 ~ 28th Feb. 2018 (UTC)
Main crowdsale: 1st March. 2018 ~ 31st March. 2018 (UTC)

2.2 SRCoin Project reserves the right to extend the crowdsale for at its discretion, for reasons including,
but not subject to, any unforeseen technical difficulties hampering the original crowdsale timetable. If all
SRCoins are sold prior to 23.59.59 GMT, 31st January 2018, the crowdsale will end at the point the last
SRCoin was sold.

3. Whole agreement
This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to its subject matter. It
supersedes all previous agreements and understandings between the parties and each party
acknowledges that, in entering into this agreement, it does not do so on the basis of or in reliance upon
any representations, promises, undertakings, warranties or other statements (whether written or oral) of
any nature whatsoever except as expressly provided in this agreement.

4. Jurisdiction and applicable law
These Terms and any dispute or claim arising out of them or their subject matter or formation (including
non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of
England and Wales. English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising from
these terms and conditions. By execution of the Agreement, the parties hereby consent to the exclusive
jurisdiction of such courts, and waive any right to challenge jurisdiction or venue in such courts with
regard to any suit, action, or proceeding under or in connection with the Agreement.

Page 18 of 21

5. Rights of third parties
For the purposes of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 (England and Wales and Northern
Ireland), nothing herein expressed is intended to or shall be construed to confer upon or give to any
person, firm or other entity, other than the parties hereto and their permitted assigns, any rights or
remedies under or by reason of this Agreement.

6. Force majeure
Parties shall not be liable for any failure of or delay in the performance of this agreement for the period
that such failure or delay: i) is beyond the reasonable control of the party;
ii) materially affects the performance of any of the party's obligations under this agreement; and
iii) could not reasonably have been foreseen or provided against;
but shall not be excused for any failure or delay resulting from general economic conditions or other
general market effects.

7. Severability
If any part of these Terms is declared unenforceable or invalid in the respective jurisdictions applicable to
the Participant, the remaining Terms will continue to be valid and enforceable as against that Participant.
This does not affect the Terms as against Participants whose applicable jurisdictions do not invalidate the
Terms.

8. Updates to Terms
SRCoin Project reserves the right to amend these Terms at any time. Participants are advised to
periodically check these Terms by visiting the Website.

9. Assignment
Neither party may without the prior written consent of the other, such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld, assign or in any way dispose of its rights under this agreement to any third party.

10. Confidentiality
Neither party may without the prior written consent of the other, such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld, assign or in any way dispose of its rights under this agreement to any third party.
'Confidential Information' includes all written, pictorial, machine readable or oral information which relates
to trade secrets, customers, suppliers, or business associations or information that is financial, technical
or commercial in nature.

Page 19 of 21

11. Dispute resolution
The parties hereto will use their reasonable best efforts to resolve any dispute hereunder through good
faith negotiations. A party hereto must submit a written notice to any other party to whom such dispute
pertains, and any such dispute that cannot be resolved within thirty (30) calendar days of receipt of such
notice (or such other period to which the parties may agree) will be submitted to an arbitrator selected by
mutual agreement of the parties. In the event that, within fifty (50) days of the written notice referred to in
the preceding sentence, a single arbitrator has not been selected by mutual agreement of the parties, a
panel of arbitrators (with each party to the dispute being entitled to select one arbitrator and, if necessary
to prevent the possibility of deadlock, one additional arbitrator being selected by such arbitrators selected
by the parties to the dispute) shall be selected by the parties. The decision of the arbitrator or arbitrators,
or of a majority thereof, as the case may be, made in writing will be final and binding upon the parties
hereto as to the questions submitted, and the parties will abide by and comply with such decision;
provided, however, the arbitrator or arbitrators, as the case may be, shall not be empowered to award
punitive damages. Unless the decision of the arbitrator or arbitrators, as the case may be, provides for a
different allocation of costs and expenses determined by the arbitrators to be equitable under the
circumstances, the prevailing party or parties in any arbitration will be entitled to recover all reasonable
fees (including but not limited to attorneys' fees) and expenses incurred by it or them in connection with
such arbitration from the non-prevailing party or parties.

12. No Partnership or Agency
The Parties hereto have not created a partnership and nothing contained in this Agreement shall in any
manner whatsoever constitute any Party the partner, agent or legal representative of any other Party, nor
create any fiduciary relationship between them for any purpose whatsoever. No Party shall have any
authority to act for, or to assume any obligations or responsibility on behalf of, any other party except as
may be, from time to time, agreed upon in writing between the Parties or as otherwise expressly provided.

13. Waiver
Neither the failure nor any delay on the part of a party to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege
under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any
right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of the same or of any right,
remedy, power or privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to
any occurrence be construed as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any
other occurrence. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and is signed by the party asserted to
have granted such waiver.

For further information relating to this crowdsale, please visit the Website.

Page 20 of 21

12. Legal Disclaimer
1) It is the responsibility of any persons wishing to acquire SRCoin to inform themselves of and to
observe all applicable laws and regulations of relevant jurisdictions. Prospective crowdsale Participants
should inform themselves as to the legal requirements and tax consequences within the countries of their
citizenship, residence, domicile and place of business with respect to the acquisition, holding or disposal
of SRCoin, and any restrictions that may be relevant thereto. The distribution of this White Paper and the
offer and sale of SRCoin in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. This White Paper does not
constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy to any person for whom it is unlawful to make
such offer or solicitation.
2) SRCoin Project is not providing you legal, business, financial, or tax advice about any matter. You may
not legally be able to participate in this private, unregistered offering. You should consult with your own
attorney, accountant and other advisors about these matters (including determining whether you may
legally participate in this crowdsale). You can contact us with any questions about this crowdsale or about
SRCoin.
3) This White Paper constitutes an offer of SRCoin only in those jurisdictions and to those persons where
and to whom they lawfully may be offered for sale. This White Paper does not constitute an offer to
subscribe for securities except to the extent permitted by the laws of each applicable jurisdiction.
4) Nothing in this White Paper is intended to create a contract for investment on SRCoin and each
potential crowdsale Participant acknowledges that SRCoin will rely on this asserted statement of the
Participant with respect to compliance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which the crowdsale Participant
is legally domiciled.

AN IMPORTANT NOTE FROM OUR LAWYERS:
This document should not be construed as an offer or solicitation of an offer for the sale of SRCoin.
The individuals listed in this document are not and will not be selling SRCoin and have drafted this
document on behalf of SRCoin Project which will be conducting the sale of SRCoin.
Consider the English language version of all SRCoin communications, media and documentation to be
the only official version.

Page 21 of 21

