Transparent Reserve-Backed Stablecoins
For Multiple Blockchain Protocols
WHITEPAPER V7.3
Last Updated​: September 4, 2018
First published​: November 21, 2017
Abstract: ​StableUSD (symbol: USDS) is a fiat-backed stablecoin that is designed to work across
multiple blockchain protocols which will initially include Ethereum and Stellar. StableUSD will
utilize a proven centralized model to fully back every token issued with an equivalent unit of real
currency (i.e. US dollars) in a transparent reserve managed by Stably, Inc., the central issuer of
USDS tokens, as well as our fiduciary custodial partners. In addition to regular third-party audits,
token issuance/redemption transactions are recorded on-chain and all off-chain transactions as
well as reserve balances will be broadcasted to the public at frequent intervals. The existence of
a physical, transparent and redeemable reserve will effectively peg the market value of USDS
tokens to real currency at near 1-to-1 parity.

Stably Blockchain Labs, Inc.
Vancouver, BC Canada
info@stably.io

“Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust” ​~Oliver W. Holmes Sr.1

Table of Contents
1 Disclaimers

2

2 Background: Decentralized Applications are here to Stay

2

3 Why We Need Stablecoins

3

3.1 An Immediate Need for Stablecoins

3

3.2 Stablecoins are Crucial to the Future of the Decentralized Economy

4

4 Competitive Landscape

5

4.1 Competitors Using a Centralized Model (Organic Stability)

5

4.2 Competitors Using a Decentralized Model (Inorganic Stability)

6

5 The Stably Solution

7

5.1 StableUSD: A Reserve-Backed ERC20 Token

7

5.2 Stably as a Stellar Anchor

9

5.3 Multiple Blockchain Support

9

6 Target Market and Use-Cases

9

6.1 Medium of Trade Settlement at Crypto Exchanges

9

6.2 Decentralized Applications

9

6.3 Crypto Risk Diversifier

10

6.4 Payment, Remittance and Money Transfer

10

6.5 Cross-Blockchain Payments API

10

6.6 Banking and Lending

10

6.7 Developing economies

11

7 Go-To-Market Plan

11

7.1 Short-Term Go-to-Market Plan (1-2 years)

11

7.2 Mid-Term Go-to-Market Plan (2-5 years)

12

7.3 Long-Term Go-to-Market Plan (5+ years)

12

8 Timeline for 2018

14

9 Business Model

15

9.1 Short-Term Business Model (1-2 years)

15

9.2 Mid-Term Business Model (2-5 years)

15

9.3 Long-Term Business Model (5+ years)

15

10 Conclusion

16

11 Our Team

17

“Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust” ​~Oliver W. Holmes Sr.2

1 Disclaimers
If you read the following whitepaper, you are agreeing to have read and agreed
to the following disclaimers: This whitepaper does not constitute legally binding
disclosure as to StableUSD tokens. Stably intends to sell and redeem its tokens
pursuant to terms of use only to KYC/AML/Sanction List-screened individuals in
compliance with applicable laws. StableUSD tokens shall not be sold to or
purchased from persons residing or located in Iran, Iraq, Libya, Burma
(Myanmar), Liberia, Sudan, Syria, Zimbabwe, Rwanda, Cote D’Ivoire, Congo,
Somalia, Angola, Ethiopia, Yemen or North Korea and certain other jurisdictions.
Neither Stably nor this whitepaper should be considered to be providing legal,
investment or tax advice. You should not treat any information in the below
whitepaper as an official recommendation to make any particular decision
regarding Stably as defined in this whitepaper relating to usage, legal matters,
investments, taxes, cryptocurrency mining, cryptocurrency exchanges and digital
wallets, etc. We strongly suggest seeking advice from your own financial,
investment, tax, and/or legal advisers. Neither Stably nor any of its shareholders,
investors, partners, advisors, employees, contractors, consultants, agents and
affiliates will accept responsibility for any loss, damage or inconvenience that is a
result of relying on information published in this whitepaper or from
www.stably.io​.

2 Background: Decentralized Applications are here to Stay
The need for stablecoins on the blockchain is premised upon the sustainable
value of cryptocurrency and decentralized applications (DApps), with a
time-horizon that goes beyond the current speculative hype. Since there has
been some confusion in the media, let us first define decentralized applications
as distributed software in which multiple untrusting parties can achieve
consensus on the state of the system without the need of any trusted
centralized. Furthermore, let us define cryptocurrencies as digital assets that
enable decentralized applications through incentivization. The Bitcoin protocol
can be viewed as the first decentralized application to solve a previously
unsolved problem; creating a payment network in which nobody can stop an
individual from spending their own money. Bitcoin is the cryptocurrency that
enables this application. The unique advantage of decentralized applications is
censorship-resistance of transactions.
This new breakthrough in censorship-resistant software has caused much
excitement amongst investors, entrepreneurs and developers alike. Some of this
excitement is noise, and some is signal. For the first time in the history of
civilization, society seems to have a solution for civic autonomy for the
individual. While the appeal of this may seem tenuous to those who have lived
comfortably in developed countries, the potential of decentralized applications
“Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust” ​~Oliver W. Holmes Sr.3

for the majority of the world’s population who deal with unpredictable
governance, censorship, economic mismanagement and monopolistic
corporations is immense. It is yet to be seen if blockchain infrastructure and its
current blueprints will achieve this ideal. For the team at Stably, answering this
question is less important than recognizing decentralization as an unstoppable
technological and economic movement. Furthermore, as we will explain in the
next section, stable-value currencies on the blockchain are an essential tool
required for this ecosystem to become minimally functional.

3 Why We Need Stablecoins
Money is arguably the most successful story mankind has ever told. We give it to
strangers in exchange for goods and services. This allows us to transfer value to
them even if they don’t know us. When strangers give us money we can be
convinced to do things we otherwise may not want to do because we believe
that this money will be useful to us in the future and that others will accept it for
something that adds value to our lives. This captures two important criteria of
money, the ability to use it as a medium of exchange, and its ability to be a store
of value over time. In the modern financial world, government issued currencies
often play this role well, serving as a medium of exchange and store of value for
people around the world.
In order for a cryptocurrency to serve as a medium of exchange, it must fulfill
certain criteria. First, there must be counterparties willing to accept it as
payment. To serve as a medium of exchange, the participants in the exchange
must give it value. Second, it must have fungibility so that any two identical units
will have the same value. Without fungibility, we would have instead a barter
system. Third, its value must not rapidly appreciate. With holders expecting to
have significantly more purchasing power in the future they are incentivized to
hold onto their currency rather than use it for exchange.
Similarly, for a cryptocurrency to serve as a stable store of value, it must also
fulfill certain criteria. First, its value must not rapidly depreciate. If holders
cannot expect their value to stay relatively constant then they will need to find
another asset to serve as a stable store of value. Second, the holders of the
cryptocurrency must be confident that there will be accessible counterparties
who are willing to accept it at a future point in time. Without counterparties,
there is no ability to unlock the value when it is needed.
3.1 An Immediate Need for Stablecoins
The blockchain ecosystem is still in its infancy but we are already seeing
immediate demand for a price-stable cryptocurrency. Tether (USDT) is a
cryptocurrency that is pegged to the US Dollar via a centralized model
administered by Tether Limited, a company based out of Hong Kong. In Tether’s
“Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust” ~​ Oliver W. Holmes Sr.4

model, every USDT that is “minted” into existence must be backed by exactly
$1.00 in reserve. USDT holders can then choose to either redeem USD directly
from Tether Limited or exchange their USDT for USD in the open market.
Another option, also, is to exchange USDT for other cryptocurrencies and then
exchange those cryptocurrencies for USD.
Since its inception in 2015, Tether’s total market capitalization has grown from
less than $500,000 to more than $2.2-billion today, an increase of more than
440,000% in just two and a half years. As a result, Tether has managed to
become the de-facto stablecoin as it now possesses a monopolistic market share
of over 99% (based on either market capitalization or trading volume). USDT
currently enjoys massive trading volumes across most major cryptocurrency
exchanges with total 24-hour volume surpassing $2.3-billion, placing it in 4​th
place globally right behind Bitcoin, Ripple and Ethereum. The popularity of USDT
can mainly be attributed to the fact that it was the only available stablecoin on
the market in the past few years that had not only sufficient liquidity but also
actual reserve backing. Simply put, there just wasn’t any other good alternative
besides USDT for those who needed a stablecoin. In later sections of this paper,
we will examine Tether and other stablecoin attempts in the last five years with
more depth in order to understand how the stablecoin market arrived at its
current state today.
Although it has its own fair share of problems that we will later discuss, the rise
of Tether has undoubtedly demonstrated the current growing demand for a
non-volatile cryptocurrency to act as a stable medium of exchange for traders
and investors who would otherwise have no ways to de-risk themselves from
cryptocurrency volatility other than converting back to a stable fiat currency like
the USD.
3.2​​ ​Stablecoins are Crucial to the Future of the Decentralized Economy
The blockchain economy needs a stable store of value and medium of exchange
in order to scale beyond its current speculative state. Imagine conducting a
$1-billion M&A transaction denominated in Bitcoin, only to find out the next day
that Bitcoin has lost 5% in value overnight. This scenario may just sound like
another normal day in the world of cryptocurrency but for the party that
received those Bitcoins, they will wake up to a $50-million loss that wouldn’t
have happened had the transaction been conducted with a real currency instead.
Many decentralized applications that need to store cryptocurrency for their
operations are currently using Ether but this has proven to be impractical at a
large scale due to exchange rate risk presented by Ether’s price volatility.
Additionally, Ether’s price can also negatively influence the stability of
decentralized apps and organizations (DAOs) if too much of their underlying
operations are relying on Ether transactions. This would be the case for any
“Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust” ~​ Oliver W. Holmes Sr.5

cryptocurrency that is not inherently stable. In other words, you are basically
building systematic risk into your product in exchange for the benefits of having
transactions done on the blockchain. To many, this does not seem to be a viable
long-term solution.
As the decentralized economy grows, the demand for stable crypto mediums of
exchange will need to increase exponentially in order to accommodate the mass
adoption of blockchain technology. Use cases for stablecoins will also expand
beyond what our limited foresight can see right now. However, one thing is
certain: there will be more than just one major stablecoin a few years from now
and Tether’s 99% market share will not stay in one piece for long.

4 Competitive Landscape
4.1 Competitors Using a Centralized Model (Organic Stability)
Tether (USDT): Tether Limited’s ​USDT is currently the most widely used
stablecoin in the world. In this model, Tether acts as a centralized, holding USD
reserves in bank accounts to back up each one of their USDT tokens. They have a
simple creation and redemption mechanism to peg their USDT token to the USD.
That is, if the price of USDT trades above $1.00, market participants are
incentivised to exchange $1.00 for 1 USDT from Tether, then sell it back in the
market for a profit. Likewise, if the price of USDT trades below $1.00, market
participants are incentivized to buy the cheap USDT and redeem (burn) this
token for $1.00 from Tether.
There are a few concerns with Tether’s business model, however, especially with
regards to transparency and single-company risk. With over 99% of the market
share, Tether’s sprawling influence can now be felt across the crypto market, as
evident by its recent hacking that saw ​$31-million worth of USDT stolen from its
treasury wallet​. When news of the hacking got out, most major cryptocurrencies
including Bitcoin immediately saw panic selling and steep price drops, wiping out
billions of dollars in market capitalization. In reality, not much damage has really
been done since the hacker only stole USDT tokens and not the actual USD
reserve in Tether’s bank accounts. Tether then started implementing updates to
its Omni protocol in order to void the stolen USDT before they enter circulation.
The one good thing that did come out from Tether’s hacking was that it proved
the centralized model was able to quickly take actions to prevent further
damage from spreading. Other than that, the Tether hack clearly demonstrated
how relying on one single stablecoin across most major exchanges can induce
serious systematic risk to the entire blockchain ecosystem.
Lastly, there is also ​a fair share of other criticisms about Tether’s business model
and its lack of transparency, including allegations that Tether is undercapitalized.
“Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust” ~​ Oliver W. Holmes Sr.6

4.2 Competitors Using a Decentralized Model (Inorganic Stability)
BitShares/BitUSD: The original BitShares/BitUSD ​whitepaper can be found here.
From a high level, BitUSD is a stable cryptocurrency that is issued by backing its
value with collaterals. BitShares is the network’s base token used for its financial
contracts. In order to mint new BitUSD, someone has to lock up at least an
equivalent value of BitShares. This, along with a forced liquidation mechanism,
creates the peg for BitUSD. When the market value of BitUSD goes over $1.00,
users are incentivized to mint new BitUSD, and when the value goes under $1.00
users can redeem BitUSD for the underlying BitShares.
Although elegant in theory, this mechanism is prone to black swan events in the
underlying BitShares. A large enough down move would create a positive
feedback cycle of selling to cover, potentially driving the value down to far below
par value.
MakerDAO: According to MakerDAO’s ​whitepaper​, there are two key features
that underpin the stability of the Maker DAI stablecoin: Collateralized Debt
Positions (CDPs) and MKR governance tokens. CDPs are smart contracts that lock
up a collateral asset in exchange for DAI stablecoins, the same mechanism as
used in BitUSD. Maker plans to allow many different tokens to be used as
collateral assets, diversifying the risk from token flash crashes. The system
self-governs by paying stability fees to holders of MKR tokens, incentivizing these
token holders to vote on certain risk parameters sensibly in order to ensure
stability. The DAI has a target rate that is based upon the SDR, which is
essentially a weighted basket of five major fiat currencies.
There are a few potential concerns with the Maker model, including whether or
not their stability mechanism can really withstand a rapid depreciation in value
in their top collaterals, such as Ether. The biggest concern, however, is Maker’s
scalability since it requires an excess amount of collateral to back up each coin.
This makes it very expensive to mint new coins that are required for scaling up
due to opportunity cost of capital.
Basecoin: Basecoin is an attempt to create fiat currencies on a public blockchain
as described in their ​whitepaper​. This model aims to set token value through
manipulation of the money supply. Similar to how government monetary policy
influences the real purchasing power of its citizens, Basecoin uses a bond
issuance and buyback mechanism to influence the real purchasing power of
Basecoin. When Basecoin is trading above its peg value, the network increases
money supply by purchasing bonds from users or Baseshare holders when no
more bonds need to be paid out. When Basecoin is trading below peg value, the
network contracts the money supply by selling bonds at market price.

“Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust” ~​ Oliver W. Holmes Sr.7

While Basecoin takes a novel approach at tackling the stablecoin problem, it falls
short of being a compelling solution. It makes many simplifying assumptions,
such as zero inflation being the ideal long run state and provides no clear
mechanism for changing system parameters away from these defaults.
Additionally, this type of approach suffers from a cold start problem, unlike
other stablecoin approaches where the system is bootstrapped by leveraging
existing value, this one tries to create it spontaneously, which requires other
participants to have already accepted and given the token value.

5 The Stably Solution
As illustrated in the competitive landscape of section 3, current approaches to
creating a stablecoin are classified as either centralized or decentralized. A
centralized model, such as that employed by Tether, has the benefit of
immediate viability, which is evident by Tether’s current $2.2-billion plus market
cap. Despite the concerns around Tether, its popularity has validated that people
trust a USD-pegged coin that is backed up by a physical 1-to-1 reserve of cash.
However, such a model requires a high level of trust in order to function
effectively and centralization can be corrupted if there is not enough
transparency.
Decentralized projects such as Maker that are employing an asset
collateralization model create capital inefficiencies by requiring large amounts of
collateral to issue a basic medium of exchange. On the other hand, decentralized
projects that attempt to mimic a central bank, such as Basecoin and BitUSD, are
creating digital fiat currencies with no reserve backing and will run into the
network cold-start problem.
An insightful summary of the economic viability of stablecoins can be found in
Preston Byrne’s article on this topic. Byrne, who has years of experience
structuring financial products believes the reserve-backed centralized solution
with redeemability is the most robust solution. Our team is in agreement with
this view, and has thus chosen to pursue this path.
5.1 StableUSD: A Reserve-Backed ERC20 Token
Our first iteration of a stablecoin, StableUSD, will be an improvement on Tether’s
business model, which arguably has already been successfully validated. There is
a huge opportunity for a more transparent player to share Tether’s $2.2-billion
market capitalization that is still growing as we speak.
Once launched, Stably intends to operate as a Canadian money services business
(MSB) as well as a partner to banks, custodians and MSBs in other countries.
Stably will not follow a banking/lending business model and it will not be
engaging in fractional reserve practices like banks. The cash reserve will be
“Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust” ~​ Oliver W. Holmes Sr.8

transparently managed either by Stably in jurisdictions where it is MSB-licensed
and also by other licensed third-party banks/custodians. Every StableUSD token
will always be backed 1-to-1 and redeemable for real currency by token holders.
In order to directly purchase StableUSD tokens from Stably, subject to terms of
use, KYC/AML/Sanction List-verified clients may wire real currency to
Stably/Stably’s custodian which will then be held in reserve. Clients may also
send ETH which will then be converted to real currency on an exchange and then
added to the reserve. StableUSD tokens are redeemable on a 1-to-1 basis. In
order to redeem StableUSD tokens, subject to terms of use, verified clients will
be allowed to send them back to Stably’s smart contract to be burned in return
for ETH or real currency. Stably will not control the exchange of StableUSD
tokens after they have been sold by Stably. Consequently, StableUSD tokens can
also be available for secondary market trading on centralized and decentralized
crypto exchanges.
Stably will have a web platform and API endpoint which will allow platform users
to purchase or redeem StableUSD tokens directly, minus any slippage and
third-party transit costs (e.g. bank wires, exchange fees, mining fees). However,
outside of slippage and third-party transit costs, Stably plans to offer StableUSD
token purchase/redemption at no additional costs to clients for an indefinite
promotional period after launching.
The biggest problem for Tether as we have mentioned is a lack of transparency
for their USD reserve. To establish ourselves as fully transparent and trustworthy
from the start:
A. Since Stably accepts off-chain fiat transactions from clients, this leaves a
gap of transparency. For these transactions, Stably will create and submit
their hashes to the blockchain for later verification during audits.
B. All of Stably’s transactions and bank balances will be made publicly
available on our website’s transparency dashboard via bank and
broker-provided APIs. Stably will also provide links to publicly available
transactions on the blockchain.
C. Stably will employ a reputable third-party audit firm (TBA) to conduct
scheduled audits and attestations for our reserve accounts and off-chain
transactions. Audits will take place on the first month of every quarter
and attestations will happen weekly. All results will be posted on our
website as soon as they are available.

“Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust” ~​ Oliver W. Holmes Sr.9

5.2 Stably as a Stellar Anchor
Stably will integrate with the Stellar network, which is a very promising
blockchain network with low transaction fees and confirmation times that aims
to replace legacy interbank payment infrastructure. “Anchors” who integrate
onto Stellar can issue credit tokens for any asset (fiat, cryptocurrencies, real
world assets, etc.) and must hold these redeemable assets in reserve. Anchors
are also responsible for their own fiduciary obligations as well as KYC/AML
compliance. The Stellar Foundation provides compliance templates out-of-the
box for this purpose. Stably plans to act as an issuer of USD on this network as
well as being an issuer of our StableUSD ERC20 tokens which, in future
iterations, can be transferred to other blockchains using atomic swaps or other
cross-chain technologies.
5.3 Multiple Blockchain Support
Stably aims to provide native support for reserve-backed stablecoins across a
variety of select blockchain platforms as the industry evolves. EOS and
potentially RChain are both very strong candidates that we are considering.

6 Target Market and Use-Cases
6.1 Medium of Trade Settlement at Crypto Exchanges
Providing a gateway for fiat to crypto is currently resolved by any crypto
exchange that directly deals in fiats (usually in USD). However, many exchanges
such as Kraken, Bittrex and Binance do not deal directly in fiats and instead offer
crypto pairs that use USDT as the quote currency. Stably will target these
exchanges to offer another immediate USD-backed stablecoin. This will help
them diversify away from USDT in order to reduce single-company-risk from
Tether.
6.2 Decentralized Applications
Decentralized applications rely on economic incentive structures which are
currently denominated in volatile cryptocurrencies. Many applications are too
sensitive to exchange rate risk for that to be viable and they need to use a stable
store of value to ensure that their mechanisms are incentivizing users in the
intended way.
Example A: ​Augur currently denominates its decentralized prediction markets in
Ether. There are very little volume in these markets since the underlying price
“Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust” ~​ Oliver W. Holmes Sr.10

volatility of Ether often outweighs whatever information you might have to bet
on the future event with.
Example B: Locking up value that fluctuates wildly is rarely good for either party
of an escrow service. Doing so with normal cryptocurrency is not practical, unless
it is a price-stable cryptocurrency like StableUSD.
6.3 Crypto Risk Diversifier
Many crypto traders and investors do not wish to be exposed to crypto volatility
100% of the time. At the moment, they have few choices other than USDT. There
are also professional fund managers who want to enter the crypto market but
would prefer to park their funds in a stable cryptocurrency first to give them
time before deciding to make an allocation.
6.4 Payment, Remittance and Money Transfer
StableUSD can be used to instantly transfer value that is denominated in real
currency to any location in the world that has internet access. As we scale up
over time, the cost of using StableUSD will also drop, making our stablecoin
more competitive with traditional business models in this field. Our integration
with the Stellar network will provide the infrastructure for this use case.
6.5 Cross-Blockchain Payments API
By supporting real currency-backed stablecoins across different blockchains,
Stably will create an API for applications that integrate with a variety of DApps in
the background. For example, suppose an application requires you to make a
payment on a storage DApp on Ethereum as well as an e-commerce DApp on
Stellar. Instead of a clumsy user experience whereby a user installs Chrome
extensions for Ethereum and Stellar with their respective token accounts on
each, our API will allow the user to seamlessly spend their StableUSD tokens
across these different blockchains apps, with cross-chain atomic swaps
implemented in our backend. This results in a payments UX which will support
consumer adoption of cryptocurrencies.
6.6 Banking and Lending
We are exploring future prospects of creating a full-fledged Stably Bank that will
be licensed, regulated and accept StableUSD tokens as deposits as well as
engage in StableUSD token-based lending activities. Please refer to Example D in
section 5.6.

“Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust” ~​ Oliver W. Holmes Sr.11

6.7 Developing economies
Example A: Utilize StableUSD wallets for easy access to a stable store of value.
For example, someone in Venezuela or Zimbabwe may fear economic
mismanagement of their local currency, and want a simple means for accessing a
cryptocurrency that offers stability similar to the USD.
Example B: In the event of hyperinflation in non-USD currencies, StableUSD can
be integrated with consumer to merchant payment processing services so that
people in affected geographies can continue to conduct business. In countries
where this is a frequent risk (Venezuela, Zimbabwe, DR Congo, etc.), such
payment processing services for StableUSD may even be able to replace
payment in local currencies, with or without the local government’s blessings.
Example C: Cross-border remittance for the underbanked, like in the case of a
construction worker in the UAE sending money back to his family in Bangladesh.
Cryptocurrency is an attractive option for such an individual due to the ease of
access and lower costs, and StableUSD-integrated exchanges can be integration
endpoints on a cross-border payment network.
Example D: Create a banking/lending platform for individuals and small
businesses that is integrated with both real currencies and StableUSD tokens.
This platform would be useful for micro-financing activities as well as providing
credit to underbanked entrepreneurs. Proper banking licensing will be required
and we will likely need to become a regulated deposit-taking institution in order
to expand to this use case.

7 Go-To-Market Plan
7.1 Short-Term Go-to-Market Plan (1-2 years)
The first important task that is vital to any stablecoin’s future is to gain as much
adoption and market share as possible. Further development and scaling of an
advanced stablecoin ecosystem can only be made possible if its market
capitalization as well as liquidity reach critical mass. In the case of StableUSD, we
define this as having: 1) total StableUSD market capitalization of at least
$100-million, 2) average daily trading volume of at least $50-million and 3)
official adoption at at least 3 major cryptocurrency exchanges such as Bittrex,
Binance and Kraken in addition to decentralized exchanges like EtherDelta and
Stellar Dex.
We believe that the best way to capture market share is to tackle the most
immediate need in the market currently which is providing a medium of
exchange for trade settlement at cryptocurrency exchanges. With USDT
“Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust” ~​ Oliver W. Holmes Sr.12

commanding a virtual monopoly of the multibillion-dollar stablecoin markets
across major exchanges, it does not take long for one to wonder about the
serious systematic risk that this could have on the entire cryptocurrency market
as a whole. Additionally, Tether’s questionable business model does not instill
complete confidence and trust in everybody. Even if Tether is 100%
legitimate–which we truly hope is the case because this would be tantamount to
Mt. Gox 2.0 if things turn out to be otherwise–it still does not make sense that a
single company should have the privilege of providing the only viable stablecoin
solution for everybody. This concern has only been growing recently as the
crypto community and regulators are ​increasingly questioning Tether’s business
model.
We confidently predict that in the near future, USDT is will lose its dominance
over the stablecoin market as newer stablecoins–including StableUSD–come in
and start carving away market shares. Exchanges at some point will also have to
consider diversifying their stablecoins since it is completely in the interest of
both the exchanges and their clients to reduce single-company-risk from the
current Tether monopoly. To not do so would be, in our opinion, irresponsible on
the part of exchanges. By not offering a variety of stablecoins for their clients,
exchanges are effectively turning diversifiable, unsystematic risk into
undiversifiable systematic risk.
Upon reaching critical mass, we will expand StableUSD’s use cases.
7.2 Mid-Term Go-to-Market Plan (2-5 years)
Once StableUSD has garnered enough adoption and liquidity, we will start
integrating StableUSD tokens with DApps and DAOs that need to hold
cryptocurrencies in their own reserves for operational purposes. Since three out
of four DApps are currently built on the Ethereum protocol, our ERC20
stablecoin should be able to easily integrate with most DApps as long as
Ethereum remains the most popular DApp development platform.
In addition to DApps and DAOs, StableUSD can also be integrated with
traditional off-chain business models, such as e-commerce, payment, remittance
and money transfer. Any business that is involved in the transmission of
monetary value would be a great candidate for StableUSD integration and we
plan to aggressively market our solution to this sector. Our cross-blockchain
support will also enable the creation of a payments API that can be integrated
into websites that interact with a variety of DApps, allowing for the seamless
ability to spend real currency tokens across these background DApps.

“Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust” ~​ Oliver W. Holmes Sr.13

7.3 Long-Term Go-to-Market Plan (5+ years)
Our ultimate goal is to one day serve the market segment that actually needs a
stable currency the most: developing and underdeveloped economies that lack a
stable currency or have high inflation, such as Venezuela, Zimbabwe and
Argentina. We are already seeing an explosion in the mining and usage of Bitcoin
as well as other cryptocurrencies in Venezuela, a country that has recently been
plagued by political instability and a failing economy. The same trend is also
surfacing across many other developing countries despite restrictive government
regulations designed to discourage or outright ban the use of cryptocurrency
there. Fortunately, we are not too worried about governments banning
cryptocurrency because it is impossible for them to do so as long as their citizens
have access to the internet. At the end of the day, we believe that the global
blockchain economy will always find ways to thrive, with or without
governmental blessings, and it will only be a matter of time before crypto-hostile
nations have no other choice but to embrace the use of cryptocurrencies in
parallel with their local currencies.
Additionally, due to the infinitely divisible nature of cryptocurrency, it will
eventually make more sense for people from developing and underdeveloped
economies to use StableUSD over physical US dollar bills because a StableUSD
token can be broken down to many decimal units to match the purchasing
power of local users.
Our plan for foreign expansion is to first make inroads in non-hostile countries
that are more welcoming of cryptocurrencies, for obvious reasons. This may take
place during the course of our mid-term go-to-market plan as well. By leveraging
experience and expertise that we will have already gained by then from
executing our mid-term plan, we will be able to quickly help local businesses
integrate StableUSD into their operations.
Last but not least, mass adoption of StableUSD will enable us to explore banking
and lending solutions with our stablecoins as a viable business model. This is
especially important in developing economies that have not developed a credit
score system, where many people are locked out of local banks and have to rely
on microfinancing or shady loan sharks to get access to credit. Through
StableUSD loans, these unbanked and underbanked market segments can now
access credit and start building credit history that they would not be able to
obtain otherwise.

“Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust” ~​ Oliver W. Holmes Sr.14

8 Timeline for 2018

“Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust” ~​ Oliver W. Holmes Sr.15

9 Business Model
9.1 Short-Term Business Model (1-2 years)
● Invest the USD reserve for StableUSD in short-term US Treasuries to
generate interest income.
9.2 Mid-Term Business Model (2-5 years)
● Invest the USD reserve for StableUSD in short-term US Treasuries to
generate interest income.
● Charge fees for StableUSD cross-blockchain payments API.
● Charge fees for StableUSD payment and remittance services.
● Charge fees for StableUSD integration with DApps, DAOs, e-commerce
businesses and other applicable traditional businesses.

9.3 Long-Term Business Model (5+ years)
● Invest the USD reserve for StableUSD in short-term US Treasuries to
generate interest income.
● Charge fees for StableUSD cross-blockchain payments API.
● Charge fees for StableUSD payment and remittance services.
● Charge fees for StableUSD integration with DApps, DAOs, e-commerce
business and other traditional businesses.
● Expand the existing business model to developing countries.

10 Conclusion
The blockchain revolution has just only begun and the decentralized economy
still has a long way to go before becoming an integral part of the mainstream
global economy. However, this will not happen as long as cryptocurrencies
remain speculative in nature as opposed to being transactional. In order for a
cryptocurrency to successfully facilitate large-scale economic transactions
instead of just being a speculative trading vehicle, it needs price stability to instill
“Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust” ~​ Oliver W. Holmes Sr.16

certainty in the mind of the counterparty who is willing to accept that
cryptocurrency in exchange for his/her product or service. Needless to say, most
cryptocurrencies are too volatile right now to fulfill that role. The only viable
option, Tether/USDT, dominates over 99% of the current stablecoin market and
poses huge systematic risks to crypto exchanges, traders and investors alike. For
these very reasons, we are bringing forth our own stablecoin solution,
StableUSD, to the market. StableUSD will utilize Tether’s successful
reserve-backed model to peg tokens to the USD, the world’s #1 reserve currency
that is widely used and accepted across the globe. Unlike Tether, StableUSD will
maintain full transparency of its operations where all coin issuance/redemption
transactions will either be recorded on-chain or regularly audited and submitted
to the blockchain for verification, all of which is freely available for public
viewing.

“Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust” ~​ Oliver W. Holmes Sr.17

11 Our Team
Kory Hoang​​ ​LinkedIn
Co-Founder, Business Development
Prior to co-founding Stably, Kory worked as a Private
Equity Data Analyst at PitchBook where he spent a lot of
time analyzing the blockchain industry. Kory is also a
creative and out-of-the box thinker. His childhood
passion for audio engineering helped develop his ability to creatively synthesize
streams of data and find patterns in the noise, which somehow led him to excel
at algorithmic trading outside of his day-job hours. Kory is an expert in
quantitative trading who has consulted for CTAs and hedge funds on subjects
ranging from volatility trading to identifying market anomalies. Eventually, his
curiosity and passion drove him to learn about blockchain technology which
planted the seed for Stably. Kory holds a BBA with double major in Finance and
Marketing from the University of Washington - Bothell.

David Zhang ​LinkedIn
Co-Founder, Blockchain Technology
Prior to Stably, David was a Software Development
Engineer on Amazon’s Retail Personalization Team at
the Seattle HQ. David is fascinated by incentive
structures and emergent properties of dynamic
systems, resulting in interests spanning both technology and financial markets.
He currently spends his free time manually and algorithmically trading financial
derivatives, equities, and cryptocurrencies as well as tinkering with new
blockchain technologies. David holds a Bachelor of Science with double major in
Applied Mathematics and Computer Science from Brown University.

“Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust” ~​ Oliver W. Holmes Sr.18

Amiya Diwan​​ ​LinkedIn
Co-Founder, Engineering & Products
Amiya was previously a Software Development Engineer
at Amazon's Seattle HQ. He helped design, develop and
deploy a software service that currently supports tens of
millions of retail customers globally. He has also worked for an electronic options
market-making firm in Chicago, and has strong domain expertise in financial
markets. Amiya has two degrees from the University of Michigan - Ann Arbor: a
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and a BBA in Finance from the Stephen
M. Ross School of Business.

Bryan Guy, J.D.​​ ​LinkedIn
Co-Founder, Legal & Compliance
As Stably's Chief Business & Compliance Officer, Bryan
leads channel development and the commercialization
of Stably as a business as well as heading Stably's
KYC/AML compliance program. Bryan has 17 years of
experience as a digital and innovation product development expert with
extensive expertise in payment technologies. He served as an
e-commerce/payments consultant for Wells Fargo and First Data before
transitioning to management consulting wherein he developed product
strategies and led delivery teams for major capital projects, including the
Starbucks Mobile Order and Pay app, the T-Mobile app, and T-Mobile's iPhone
X market launch to name a few. Bryan has a Business Finance degree from
Seattle Pacific University and is also a licensed attorney with a law degree
from Seattle University.

“Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust” ~​ Oliver W. Holmes Sr.19

