Blockchain Payment Gateway System

- StarCoin Blockchain Payment Gateway System

WHITE

PAPER

VERSION 2.3 2019-01-22
The purpose of this White Paper is to explain the main features of StarKST. Once a new version is issued, it will replace this version after immediate notification.
In case of any discrepancies between Korean and English versions, the Korean version prevails.
1

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Contents
03 StarKST(StarCoin)
07

Technology
14 Business Model

18

Experience
19 StarKST Allocation

20

Roadmap
22 Token Mechanism

25

Team
35 Partner

36

Disclaimer

2

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

StarKST (StarCoin)
Cryptocurrency combining blockchain technologies
and entertainment business models that can be
used both online and offline.
Entertainment is a limitlessly growing market place with more than 300 million fans. In the
midst of it, the Korean wave is spreading all over the world with the popularity of K-POP at
the head. StarKST is the cryptocurrency created to become a global standard of the Korean
wave, by introducing K-POP songs, concerts, fan meetings and MD goods to the world
through the blockchain payment platform.
In addition, we provide STAR that allows fans in the world to use StarKST, without being
affected by changes in currency value anywhere in the world through its fixed value. As a
result, StarKST has become the cryptocurrency that serves as a link connecting global fans
with their stars, as well as increases the value of your coins.

Supply of entertainment contents based on 4th industrial revolution technologies

Blockchain + Entertainment

3

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

About StarKST
Global entertainment market has been growing at a startling pace. More than 10 million K-Wave fans
visit Korea to see K-POP stars every year. And the number of such fans is increasing by more than
300% percent annually.
However, there are certain barriers that make it difficult for these fans to meet their artists.
1.

Difficulty in payment due to different currencies.

2.

Difficulty in payment due to different payment methods (such as restricts on credit card
issuance)

3.

Linguistic barriers (when checking the validity of purchased tickets)

4.

Inconvenience in purchasing albums(soundtracks) and MD goods.

These kinds of restraints are the main causes that hinder the growth of entertainment market.
StarKST is the cryptocurrency that can resolve such difficulties all at once, by applying blockchain
technologies to business models.
StarKST that can be used globally without any restrictions will contribute to the growth of
entertainment market and play a major role in connecting fans in the world with K-POP stars.

Purchasing K-POP concert tickets in foreign countries

Obstacles
Log into
ticket sales
website

Click
“Buy”

Complex
process with
Active X, etc

Complicated
and slow process

K-POP
concert

Solved!
Log into
“K-Star”

Charge
“STAR”

Simply pay with STAR
to buy tickets

Simple and
fast process

4

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Features of StarKST
1. Structural Features
More users mean higher value of StarKST (Demand > Supply)
With the following “Virtuous Cycle,” StarKST will develop its brand and market values.
StarKST. It has the structural feature as follows: Expanding the area of use to concerts, fan
meetings and goods sales, etc→ Increase of fandom (by creating common ground, StartKST
supports more activities) → Increase of StarKST use→ Increase of StarKST value.

Structure That Can Transform Volatile KST into Fixed STAR
Volatility of cryptocurrency can be fixated by means of fixed value STAR and STARPAY, a
payment gateway of StarKST. STAR with fixed value can be used in the STARPAY Payment
Platform and Service Platform.

“Virtuous Cycle” leading to higher market and brand values
Star’s performance > more fans > more StarKST users

Purchase StarKST
-> Increasevalue of StarKST

Support celebrities’
activities

Various
performances by
stars draw more
fans

Increase Fan
(DemandIncreases)

Purchase tickets,
albums etc, by
using StarKST.

5

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Technology
Credibility of Blockchain Technology
Smart contracts have two distinctive characteristics as they are stored in the blockchain.

1. Contracts created by the program cannot be changed.
Once a smart contract is created, the contents in it cannot be altered. It means that even the creator
of the smart contract himself can’t falsify the terms and conditions to his advantage.

2. All the data are stored in a distributed manner.
Smart contracts require the permission of every participant. If one attempts to unduly take the funds,
others can easily spot and nullify it.

Commercialization of Smart Contracts
Smart contracts have a variety of applications. For example, they can automate such tasks as ba
nk loans, insurance provisions, and payment for delivery services.

Ethereum - Blockchain with Smart Contracts
There are lots of blockchains using smart contracts but Ethereum is one of the most represen
tative. Ethereum was designed for smart contracts. It also comes with a programming langua
ge called ‘Solidity’ to program smart contracts with ease.
(FYI, Bitcoin also features smart contracts despite more limitations compared to Ethereum.)

6

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Technology
ERC20 Tokens
ERC20 Tokens are those used in the Ethereum blockchain platform. For reference, coins arising
from Ethereum are separately called ‘Tokens’. Ethereum uses Ether as a monetary unit.
Tokens are created through smart contracts. Smart contracts are not only used for the creation of
tokens, but also for the transactions involving tokens. Also, They even allow us to look through th
e transactions of people possessing tokens. It means we can track the whereabouts of money.

To own tokens, you need to send Ether to a smart contract. That is a prerequisite for receiving tok
ens.
On the other hand, you can create your own tokens by building a smart contract if you want.
As people create tokens with similar purposes in mind, problems may occur when they need to be
exchanged just like when we exchange currencies during the travel. To solve such problems, ER
C20 was invented to serve as a standard.
ERC20 is a guideline to follow when someone intends to create his own tokens. As of May 2018, t
here are as many as 83,400 tokens complying with ERC20. Examples include EOS, Filecoin, Ban
cor, Qash, Bankex, and so on. Thus, we can expect a higher possibility of commercialization whe
n we adopt ERC20 as a standard.

7

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Technology
Applying Blockchain to PG
PG is the platform that allows users to make online payments for online and offline transactions.
It mediates transactions that exchange tangible/intangible goods for any means of payment
with corresponding value. The most important function in mediation is to validate the transfer
of value. It means that safe and accurate transfer of the value agreed by concerned parties
should be guaranteed irreversibly.
In the exiting system, this kind of guarantee is made through delegation of authority in order of
[nation-public agency-financial institution/assurance agency-mediator] and through their act of
guarantee. Therefore, this is a type of contract guaranteed by a nation and its’ people, who
mandated their sovereignty to their nation, on top of mediator.
The existing system functioned well under the boundary of a nation and its laws. However, in
the 21st century, the existing system started to expose its vulnerability. First, centralized
assurance system driven by financial institution started to lose its stability. Also, the
development of Internet strongly activated international transactions in the private sector.
When Subprime Mortgage Crisis took place in 2007, financial institutions, which were the pillar
of system supporting the currency that nations directly guarantees, lost its stability. Many
people had growing doubts about the currency-based system and the status of currency itself.
In the nick of time, Bitcoin was developed as an alternative to respond to such doubts.

8

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Technology
Blockchain is basically a ledger, disclosed transparently
under distributed network. Cryptocurrencies are the
currencies whose transactions are recorded on the
ledger. Because each node that composes the
network maintains all transaction records, nobody can
cheat each other. That is, it provides secured
transaction record system to all users without
centralized assurance system.
We are to apply such characteristics to PG. It means all transactions will be transparently disclosed, as well
as accurate and safe without centralized agency’s assurance. For this goal, we are making PG into a
blockchain.
As a first step, we record all PG transactions on StarKST blockchain. Depending on the type of STAR
transactions, StarKST with the corresponding value will be transferred. The DB for STAR transactions will be
linked with StarKST blockchain, so it can record all PG transactions accurately, safely and firmly.
Next, we will make PG itself into a blockchain. Details are in the following section about STAR.

STAR
Our original plan was to use StarKST as a payment method for PG. However, there were not
only barriers of laws and policies, but also critical problems with its usability. Just like other
cryptocurrencies, the value of StarKST is determined by the market force in the exchange. It
means that the value is changeable according to market conditions. When the value rises, all
users will receive benefits, but when it falls, StarKST owners may not be able to make
transactions as they want.
We proposed STAR with fixed value in order to solve such issues. The value of STAR
corresponds to centralized currencies one to one. StarKST owners can transfer it into STAR at
any time and fix the value that it has. Also, we chose STAR as a payment method for PG. As a
result, our customer, who wants to make transactions through our PG, can fix the value of their
payment method at the time they choose to. Going back to the origin, can customers believe
STAR? We independently issue and operate STAR. It means, it is “centralized.” As mentioned
above, we made STAR into a blockchain in order to resolve such problems.

9

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Technology
First, STAR transactions will be recorded on StarKST block chain. Then, STAR will be transformed
into a coin on the blockchain. For that, we create a new blockchain. That is an exclusive block
chain to generate and operate STAR. STAR transactions, that is, PG transactions, are all realized
through this block chain transmission.
As a result, we can prove to our PG customers that the value of STAR is accurately and safely
transferred.

Flowchart of StarKST and STAR
STAR wallet
Purchase
KST

Store

KST

Exchange

Performance
Etc.

Goods

Transform

Buy and Sell KST
Charge 1

Gift Cards

Charge 2

Prepaid Cards

STAR

(STAR Use)

Balance can be
withdrawn in cash

10

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Technology
Circulation
Exchange
Value2

Value3

Value4

Value5

Value6

Value7

Value8

Value9

Global Marketing
(Real Time)

Buy

Exchange
KSTARGROUP
KST Account

KStarGroup

Value1

1. Providing Reward AD Platform

Transfer

Use
Marketing Activity

Y
KST
Account #1

KST
Account #2

KST
Account #3
Transfer

Transfer

Transfer

STAR
Account

2. Distribution in Overseas
Local Exchange

3. Blockchain City Usage

User
Charge

Usage Deduction

X

User
KST Account

Usage Settlement

Global SOC Business

Request Use

User
STAR Account

Request Charging

4. Investment of

5. Fostering K-Pop Contents
Deposit
1. Credit Card
2. Virtual Bank
Account
3. Gift Card

Online
Purchase
1. Ticket
2. Goods
3. Market

Offline
Purchase
1. STARWallet
Payment
2. KSTAR
Gift Card
3. KSTAR
Debit Card

6. Other Global Marketing Activity

11

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Technology
Beyond the Border
The legacy system is subject to countries. Basically, this is because a sovereign nation offers
ultimate assurance to the system. Transaction across the border can’t help but to be subject to
intervention and surveillance of the countries as well as the arbitration of international financial
agencies and the separate agreement by financial institutes of each country.
International treaty provides the basis for

It is because

the function of definite guarantee in international

trade.
With the development of the Internet, the amount of private transactions beyond the border
has grown immensely. However, as mentioned earlier, previous payment tools had to overcome
tremendously high walls of countries to be useful. For government organizations and companies,
it may be relatively easier to climb over these walls with the help of policies favorable to them.
For individuals, however, such policies come across as even greater obstacles.

It is because

these policies are made by countries with the intention to promote exports and to protect the
domestic market.
We would like to propose PG based on blockchain. It resolves the guaranty issue in
international transactions to easily overcome the walls of countries. Also, the cost for mediation
fee which used to be reserved for multitudes of intermediary agencies can be saved to
minimum by connecting suppliers with consumers in the form of psuedo-P2P.

12

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Business Model
StarKST’s Business Goals and Strategies

Planning to absorb global K-POP fans into users of StarKST by 2019
StarKST users will expand as we host shows worldwide on the KSTAR platform and the value of
StarKST will grow as the number of fans reserving tickets for these shows and concerts increases.
Also, not limited to shows and concerts, we will gather more users and channels by supplying
goods and services with high demand in the entertainment market such as sales of soundtracks
and MD goods.
Moreover, with entertainment market established worldwide and K-POP market growing rapidly,
we developed Starpay to conveniently and smoothly process payment in the global
entertainment market with the K-POP market at its head.
With a few clicks, you can purchase celebrities’ concert tickets and MD goods at your choice just
by transferring StarKST into STAR through StarKST website at www.kstar.tv or the application. It is
the payment tool to conveniently bring star celebrities and fans together.
Shows, MD goods as well as soundtracks provided by KSTAR will be payable by STAR only.
To see the celebrity’s concert of your choice, you need to transfer the volatile StarKST into fixedvalue STAR to purchase the ticket.
In the end, the more shows KSTAR hosts, more users will visit KSTAR to purchase the tickets,
which would gradually expand the market share of KSTAR in the entertainment business.
Starpay charges significantly lower fees than those charged by other payment methods.
The tremendous scale of shows and concert along with MD goods means large volumes of
profits arising from fees. It will serve as a strong advantage for both online and offline stores.
With that in mind, high stability in payment foretells strong growth potential of Starpay.

Entertainment
Market

Worldwide

Convenient
Payment

Virtuous Cycle

Increased in
Market Share

Payment

Stability

of Value

Content

Expandability

Low

Fees

13

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Business Model
StarKST’s Business Field
STARPAY (Blockchain Payment Gateway System)
Blockchain is a distributed recording system, storing transactions transparently and safely.
Blockchain-based Starpay system was made to solve security issues with simple payment services
and to allow users to enjoy a faster and safer payment.
Now our payment life will become smarter, safer and faster.

Blockchain
Payment Gateway System
Web, APP Service
(O2O included)

Universal

KST

BTC
ETH

Prepaid
Card

Exchange

Service

Exchange

Payment

P2P

STAR
KST

Wallet
Recharge

Data Link

Admin
Server

Distribute linkage rules when providing modules so that websites in general can easily link within 1~2 hours
Induce the use of service via kstar.tv
(Ticket purchase, fan meeting events application, watching drama, buying MD goods, 020 service, etc.)

Payment done in less than 10 secs using Starpay(Blockchain Payment Gateway System) converted from StarKST

KSTAR franchise management – provide dedicated admin page, conduct financial settlement with the official
operator of KSTAR Group
(Financial Settlement: Online sales – 1 week cycle, Offline sales – immediately)

14

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Business Model
StarKST’s Business Field
FaceTicket (Biometric authentication service)
FaceTicket is a new method of entry that requires only
face recognition.
FaceTicket’s biometric authentication service was
established based on Amazon Rekognition.
You can enter just with face recognition, without
having your tickets checked out.
Fast and convenient entry is possible without worrying
about losing the tickets.

Register your picture
on STAR Wallet APP

Purchase a FaceTicket of the
concert you want at KSTAR.tv

On the day of the concert,
enter with mere facial
recognition

After making the quickest entry
ever possible, enjoy the show!

15

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Experience
Experience K-POP Concerts and Global Shows via StarKST!
Supersized overseas/domestic K-POP concert events
K-POP and Top- lass musicians’ concerts in sia region and worldwide.
Famous foreign performers to open concerts in Korea
Top- lass musicians’ domestic concerts across the nation
Various local festivals and events

04

2018.

Zion. T & Heize Concert (Busan)

Katy Perry Concert (Indonesia)

Cho Yong Pil 50th Anniversary Concert
(Gwangju)

Ticket Sales & Face Ticket Promotion Ticket Sales

Ticket Sales

BIKY

TWICE 2nd Tour (TWICE Land)

Main Sponsor Agreement

in Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia)

05

Ticket Sales

06

2018.

2018.

Large-scale K-POP Concert (Dream Concert 2018)

Busan KNN Centum Beer Festival 2018

Exclusive Ticket Sales & Face Ticket Promotion

Official Sponsor, Ticket Sales, and

07~

Face Ticket Promotion

2018.

Large-scale K-POP Festival and Awards Ceremony (KMF 2018), APAN STAR AWARDS, Jeju
Hallyu Festival 2018, Asia Artist Awards
Official Sponsor, Exclusive Ticket Sales
16

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

StarKST Allocation
Allocation of premined 6 billion StarKSTs

Issue/Sales & Supply of 6 billion StarKSTs
Issue total volume of 6 billion coins with premining

17

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Road Map

1
01

Quarter

2019

StarKST Transitions to Public Chain (Token ERC-20)
Open KSTAR platform 3.0 (expected)
Commercialize Face Ticket and establish related services
(expected)
Develop STAR Blockchain

Develop Ticket dApp Beta

Launch PLAYAD (Re-targeting Advertisement Platform)
(expected)
Enter global app service by upgrading the app “STARPLE”

02

Quarter

Develop STAR Blockchain
information

Reflect AS IS STAR

Develop and launch reward ad platform and service (App &
Web)

Upgrade ticket mall and shopping mall (planned)
Upgrade STARPAY DB (expected)

03

Quarter

Upgrade Backoffice / monitoring systems
Improve BlockExplorer and link main systems of Backoffice
Update STAR Blockchain (expected)
Develop Shopping mall dApp
Upgrade Backoffice / monitoring systems
Improve BlockExplorer and link main systems of
Backoffice
Establish STARGIFT Online Pin real-time link system

Update STAR Blockchain (expected)

04

Quarter

Develop shopping mall dApp
Develop Gift dApp
Establish STARGIFT Online Pin real-time linked account
settlement system
Establish STARGIFT Offline Pin sales management system
Launch global influencer ad platform (App & Web)

18

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Road Map

01

Quarter

2019

Conclude business agreement with Interpark
Pilot service of SDP (STAR Dutch Pay) in Centum City, Busan
Pilot service of DCAM (Digital Contents Authority Managements Indiblock) (expected)
Contents Deal Grand Open (expected)
Open and expand STARPAY offline affiliated store services
(Secondface, BETTER MONDAY, Hwamiju, Seomyeon Kyungsung University, Haeundae, Pelicana
Chicken, Jangchung-Dong Wong Jokbal, etc.)

Launch STARPAY ATM deposit and withdrawal service (CU convenience
stores)

02

Quarter

Develop joint project with Interpark (expected)
Launch SDP(STAR Dutch Pay) (expected)
Link online/offline GS MObile POP point reload systems (planned)
Expand StarGifting Service: PIN / e-coupons B2B sales
Expand STARPAY offline affiliated stores
(Thunder Chicken, Myeongdong Halmae Kalguksu, and others in Seomyeon. Link with franchises

Open additional offline STARGIFT sales stores (planned)

03

Quarter

Expand STARPAY offline affiliated stores
(All of Busan. Link with regional franchises)

Sales of Star MD(Merchandise) online/offline
●

Expand STARPAY ATM deposit and withdrawal service
(GS25 convenience stores, etc.)

DCAM (Indiblock) full-scale service (expected)

Global sales of STARGIFT: Amazon, Alibaba or

04

Quarter

11STREET WORLDWIDE (expected)
Expand STARPAY offline affiliated stores
(All of Yeongnam region, partnership with large franchises)

Expand STARPAY ATM deposit and withdrawal service
(7-Eleven convenience stores and other affiliated stores. Over 30,000 machines by 2019)

19

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Road Map

2019

Performance & Events

01

Quarter

Management

Large-scale domestic K-POP concert contract (expected)

SE7EN album release (expected)

Invest in K-POP Artist fan meetings & concerts (planned)

Single release by Eun Ga Eun, G9, Black Mamba

Participate in Busan Future Campus (expected)

(expected)
Single release by Black Mamba (expected)
O&O Boys (working title) showcase (expected)

02

Quarter

SE7EN mini album release (expected)
Large-scale domestic K-POP concert (expected)

One single release by Eun Ga Eun, G9 (expected)

Festival planned by STAR KST (expected)

Kang Hye Yeon album release (expected)

Host 2019 KNN Centum Beer Festival (expected)

Black Mamba mini album release (expected)
Spotlight official debut showcase in China (expected)

Host International Vaccine Institute (IVI) Charity
Concert (expected)

03

Quarter

Pursue investment contract for concerts by global top
artists in Korea
K-POP concert sponsor & ticketing in connection with the
association (planned)
2019 Busan International Kids & Youth Film Festival
(BIKY) (expected)

SE7EN global tour (expected)
Eun Ga Eun mini album release (expected)
O&O Boys single album release, Korea-China-Japan
showcase (expected)
Black Mamba single release (expected)
Spotlight showcase tour in China (expected)

Kazakhstan Soju Bomb Festival (planned)
Busan International Triathlon Ticketing (expected)

04

Quarter

Ticketing for concerts by global top artists in Korea
(planned)
Investment and ticketing for year-end concerts (planned)
Sponsor contract for large-scale entertainment award
ceremonies in and out of Korea (planned)

SE7EN regular album release and solo concert (expected)
Kang Hye Yeon singing/video contents contest (expected)
G9 digital single release (expected)
Black Mamab regular album release, global showcase
(expected)
Spotlight mini album release, fan meeting in Beijing (expected)

20

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Token Mechanism
Using StarKST

Install
Wallet

Purchase
StarKST

Send
StarKST

01

02

03

Install STAR wallet via
android and iOS

Purchase at exchange

Send purchased amount of StarKST
via installed wallet

Exchange
StarKST

Possible to conduct StarKST Transaction via exchange
Generate profits equal to increased value

Volatile profit
generation

Use
StarKST

04

Using STAR
via transfer
Fixated value

Change StarKST iinto STAR to use it as a payment
method to participate in celebrities’ activities

Flowchart of Star
Exchange

STAR wallet

01

02

Purchase StarKST

Change StarKST into STAR
Store StarKST
Receive/Send StarKST
Change StarKST

KSTAR Website

03
Use transferred STAR
KSTAR Payment Platform
STAR Channel
Establish Starpay Payment system
21

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Token Mechanism
Native wallet APP (Starwallet) with increased convenience to smartphone users

: Android & iOS

1 STAR Wallet Main page

3 Send KST/STAR

2

4 Transaction details of
KST/STAR

Download KST/STAR

5 Confirm and edit user info
22

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Web Wallet

(starcoin.tv)

01
ADDRESS
Confirm
the user’ wallet address,
Wallet QR code, and
quantity of coins in possession

02
SEND
Use when sending to other
user’s StarKST wallet address

03
TRANSACTION
Confirm stored and released
transaction amount of StarKST
& date information

23

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Team
Blockchain Development HQ
▪ 15 years of experience
▪ Managed SKBroadband NMS(exchange network and
11 systems)
▪ Built SKBroadband OSS
▪ Operated and managed ROKJCS TAEGUK JOS
▪ Developed middleware for Indonesia Sigma
Securities
▪ Built Korea Expressway Corporation TTMS

▪ 11 years of experience
▪ HOMEINTERNATIONAL Service System
Infrastructure Build Management
▪ Smilegate Online game Infrastructure Build
Management
▪ Liveplex Online game Infrastructure Build
Management
▪ ATL1 Online game Infrastructure Build
Management

▪ 7 years of experience
▪ Developed Daims WEB and Android
▪ Developed JINSIT Android

▪ 2 years of experience
▪ Carried out Ethereum-based ICO
▪ Built ICO Management System

24

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Team
PAY Development HQ

▪ 13 years of experience
▪ Cultureland Web Service Development/Operation
▪ Hanafos Web Service Development/Operation
▪ Olive TV Brand Website Development/Operation
▪ CJ Media CMS Development/Operation
▪ Sisa Junior Service Development/Operation

▪ 10 years of experience
▪ Built Online Pharmacy Store Pharm24
▪ Built KCISA UCI Code Issuing System
▪ Built Samsung Medical Center Happy Cafe
▪ Dominos App Renewal (Domino Race)
▪ Built SKT IBP (MD Balance System)

▪ 5 years of experience
▪ Developed Danal Payment Service
▪ Developed Infitect SMS

▪ 4 years of experience
▪ Developed OKPOS Web
▪ Developed Nexicure Web

25

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Team

▪ 3 years of experience
▪ Soluvis Web Development
▪ IDEA Information Technology Web Development

Service Development HQ

▪ 8 years of experience
▪ SKB ADAMS (Integrated NMS)
▪ Developed SKB TAPS
▪ Developed SKB Btv SMS
▪ Developed SKB CEMS
▪ Developed SKB SOS

▪ 3 years of experience
▪ DK BMC Solution and Application
Development

▪ 3 years of experience
▪ Developed Mobigen Web

26

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

StarKST Development Lab
▪ 20 years of experience
▪ Developed English to Korean Translation Browser
SEGERO ’97
▪ Developed Enterprise ERP System
▪ Developed IOS App Aqua.Jr
▪ Developed Software Vulnerability Technique Using
Static Analysis Technique
▪ Development of Efficient Structure of Data
Collection Middleware for M2M Network and
Improved Memory Management Technique
▪ Developed Memory Release Error Detection
Technology Utilizing Type Qualifier

▪ 18 years of experience
▪ KT Mobile Development/Management
▪ Developed Facial Recognition Attendance
Check APP
▪ Developed MnSoft Map APP
▪ Developed Visual Learning System
▪ Developed KT Mobile Works

▪ 10 years of experience
▪ Developed Mobile Software Framework
▪ Developed PID Tuning Software
▪ Developed IoT Security Library
▪ Developed IoT Device Authentication System
▪ Developed Ehterium-based Digital Contents
Management System

▪ 5 years of experience
▪ Developed Camera UI/GUI for Samsung
Electronics Imaging Business Division
▪ Developed UI/GUI for TI Chip-based
Laparoscopy Camera
▪ Developed TI Chip-based CCTV UI
▪ Developed CCTV Umbrella Chip Hallayer for
Hanhwa Techwin
▪ Carried Out Government Project Related to
Network and File Encryption Using TPM

27

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

StarKST Development Lab
▪ 6 years of experience
▪ Developed Credit Information Use and Inquiry System
For Korea Housing & Urban Guarantee Corporation
▪ Developed Residential Service: interior, Remodeling,
Brokerage, Contract, and Residential Management Service
▪ Developed Original Sound Radio Broadcasting Streaming
App (iOS, Android)
▪ Developed Property Management System for Pusan
Industrial Complex
▪ Developed Mindful Humanities Electronic Culture Map
Service
▪ Developed Pusan National University’s Research Equipment
Joint Utilization Support Center Management System

▪ 5 years of experience
▪ Developed Busan Metropolitan City Hall Website
▪ Developed POSTECH Library Website
▪ Developed UNIST Library Website
▪ Developed SNU Library Website
▪ Developed LG Sangnam Website
▪ Developed Pusan Tourism Service “Pusan City Pass” Website
▪ Developed Pusan Tour Card Website

▪ 3 years of experience
▪ Participated in Multiple Samsung Electronics Projects
▪ Participated in Multiple Marine-related Government
Projects (KHNP, NMPNT, etc.)
▪ Developed Marine Information Service “Haeroad”

▪ Developed Touch Sensor Utilizing Depthperception Camera
▪ Developed Vessel Design CAD Program

28

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

StarKST Development Lab

▪ Developed Etherium-based Opinion Poll Dispersed
Application

▪ Developed P2P-based Digital Contents
Dispersed Storage System

29

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Founder
CEO
▪ Former Representative, Bidbuy Korea
▪ Former Representative, Six Solution
▪ Former Employee, KT Commerce
▪ Former Employee, Zero Market
▪ Former Employee, Korea 8848
▪ Samsung Electronics Global Site Solution and
Operations Strategy Consultant

│

▪ Trade Association E-trade Future Model Development
Consultant

▪ Built Small and Medium-Sized Culture Experience
Support Platform – KCISA
▪ Built Culture Facility Reservation and Ticketing Cloud
Service
▪ Built DDP Reservation and Ticketing System
▪ Developed Lotte Giants Mobile App
▪ Built Asia Culture Center Integrated Operation System

│

▪ Built Sejong Center Integrated Operation System
▪ Built MMCA Integrated Operation System
▪ Developed Seoul Arts Center Integrated Operation
System

▪ StarKST Inc. – StarCoin Development
▪ Korea Virtual Currency Central Exchange Inc. –Virtual
Currency Exchange Development
▪ APPMAKER Inc. – Bitcoin Heaven App Development
▪ Ticket 365 Inc. – Application and Web Development

│

▪ Alba Inc. – Web Development, PM
▪ KDB ICT Inc. – Web Development

30

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Founder
▪ Current Representative, Chinese IME Entertainment Business
▪ Current Executive Director, KEPA
▪ Management & Promotion Director
- MBC tv drama “General Hospital” O.S.T Kim Tae-Hyung
“Love Alone”
- 1995.11 Kim Jeong-min 2nd Album “Sad Covenant
Ceremony”/Movie “Letter” OST
- Kim Jeong-min 3rd album “Change”/4th album
“Jump 98”/5th album “At the Top”
- Actress Jenny Lee

│ Vice President

▪ Executive Producer
- Produced Tei’s 6th album “TEI”
- The Boss Chapter2, single “Rilla go” , single “Who’s That”
- Actress and Celebrity Leah ; SNL Korea / Singer Eun Ga Eun

▪ Financial Business Team Manager, ICT Business Team
Manager, BGF Networks
▪ Director of Infrastructure Management, Family Bank
▪ Daehan Life Insurance ATM Management System
▪ Built Kyobo Life Insurance ATM Management System
▪ Built/Managed Hana Bank Magic Bank System
▪ WebCash Head of IT Department
▪ Housing and Commercial Bank IT Department

│

(Credit Card)
▪ Dongnam Bank IT Department
(Customer Care/Foreign Currency)

▪ Junior Managing Director, Mcrony
▪ General manager MABLE
▪ Executive Manager, Daum Mobile AD Platform
Ad@m Strategy and Platform Partnership PM
▪ Daum Search AD Channel Operation and Sales Planning

│

▪ Daum Local Service and Business Planning
▪ MediaWill/Finddall Business Division Manager

31

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Founder

▪ Former Employee, supervise PG business at SPC
Networks
▪ Former Employee, supervise PG Business at Galaxia
Communications
▪ Former Employee, in charge of Strategy Planning and
Business Abroad at KG mobilians
▪ Former Representative, Ainol Communication

│

▪ Representative, JM Entertainment
▪ DooriStar Tei

Director

▪ Actress Moon Kayoung

│

▪ Representative, STCOMMS
▪ Manager, MORUCOMPANYDirector,
LPS (Linkprice)
▪ SA/DA Manager, DAUM COMMUNICATION
▪ Channel supporter, NAMU COMMUNICATION

│

32

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Founder
▪ Former Representative Director, Groovers Inc.
▪ Former Developer and Operations Director,
Groovers Japan Co.,LTD
▪ Former Executive PM, ‘Stradeum’ Itaewon Music Space
▪ Former Junior Managing Director, iriver Inc.
▪ Former Contents Director, DANAL Inc.
▪ Former Executive PM, dal.comm Coffee franchise setup

│

▪ Former Executive PM, KAKAO Emoticon ASP
▪ Director, ALES Music Inc.
▪ Former Employee, WISEPOST Inc. MSN IM program
▪ Former Sindoricoh In. Employee

▪ Former co-founder of BLUECOM
▪ Former head of strategy planning department at
BLUECOM
▪ Received commendation from Busan Main Customs
▪ Built on-off line ticket booking and issuing system
and operation system for Lotte Giants
▪ Built on-off line ticket booking and issuing system
and operation system for Samjung The Park

│

▪ Built application system that utilizes electronic
money (drinking water, kiosk, gate)

33

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

Partner

Amazon Web Services

SQISOFT

uforus

MEGAZONE

SUNJESOFT

Samjong KPMG

Bae, Kim & Lee LLC

KBIPA

Korea Blockchain Association

법ㅁ
DigiFinex

MINEBIT

upside

BitFRIENDS

coinzest

COREDAX

CoinBene

COINNEST

MK MBN

iMe

Korea Management Federation

Korea Entertainment
Management Association

Korea Entertainment
Producer’s Association

BLIZZARD ENTERTAINMENT

RecordGram
34

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

User Agreement
Terms and Conditions
You agree to the following in using StarKST (by all acts including purchases, sales, contract and
ownership):
1. You are solely responsible for all your transactions, including the purchase or sale of StarKST. The
information provided on the white paper and on the homepage is for user’s reference and does not
include advice on purchasing StarKST.
2. StarKST is a cryptocurrency used on the KSTAR platform and is not securities.
3. All risks arising from trading StarKST are under the responsibility of the trading parties involved
and include the following:
1) Loss caused by personal misunderstanding
2) Loss caused by incorrect information or misjudgment of information
3) Loss arising from the change in exchange value of StarKST
4) Loss incurred by the transactions of StarKST between individuals
5) Loss caused by lost information such as account information, private key, password, etc.
necessary for holding StarKST or by leakage of information to a third party
6) All other losses incurred by StarKST transactions
4. StarKST is not a stock, and holding it has nothing to do with decision-making authority over the
StarKST platform.
5. StarKST is a Korean corporation and the Korean court holds the jurisdiction on the legal disputes
over StarKST.
6. Legal disputes cannot be brought against the provisions of the disclaimer.
7. The future plans scheduled on the Road Map are contracts currently under way and can be
canceled or changed due to circumstances of the performing agency and others. Please be aware of
the fact that these are not finalized.
Disclaimer
StarKST's past, current, and future employees, directors, contractors, advisors, proprietors, suppliers,
sellers, service providers, parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, representatives,
predecessors and successors shall not be held liable for any of the following:
1) Purchase or use of the coins
2) Violation of User Agreement by a user
3) Matters arising from, or related to, activities that infringe the rights of other individuals or
organizations
Scope of Disclaimer
All costs, including all claims, rewards, losses, attorneys' fees

35

Blockchain Payment Gateway System

- StarCoin -

Leading the New Generation of Blockchain

www.starcoin.tv
36

