STASIS: Building the most stable cryptocurrencies in the world
Josh Reif revision

Executive Summary
What is STASIS?
STASIS is the world’s first nationalized digital currency platform.​ ​STASIS will provide
governments the ability to tokenize fiat currencies into digital versions via blockchain.
What problem does STASIS solve?
The most pressing issue in the cryptocurrency marketplace is the volatility of currencies
resulting in the hesitancy of consumers and businesses to accept or exchange these currencies.
The high degree of speculation in the markets also concerns government regulators and makes
the industry susceptible to fraud and manipulation.
STASIS solves this problem by introducing nationalized digital currencies whose value is tied to
the value of the fiat currency of the respective nation. STATIS’s pilot currency is the Stasis Euro
Token (SET).
How does STASIS work?
Stable token issuance will become a worldwide phenomenon and will simplify the now daunting
process of fiat to digital asset exchange. It will provide on-demand 24/7/365 transactions and
minimize the transaction times and fees associated with exchanges, brokers, payment systems,
miners, and more. In the longer term, the stable token will become a viable competitor to
traditional means of payments among companies, individuals, and government bodies.
The STASIS platform will utilize the Ethereum blockchain that allows for processing up to 20
transactions per second. STASIS will also introduce its own wallet for SET (and other stable
token) holders that will allow multi-platform transactions among its users. For security purposes,
it is technically possible to maintain a blockchain audit every 2-3 minutes. The actual audit
frequency will be determined after consulting with regulatory authorities appointed to conduct
the audit.
What is Stasis Euro Token (SET)?
SET is a cryptocurrency designed to replicate the Euro. SET is fully convertible to its fiat
equivalent on a 1:1 value exchange. STASIS utilizes government support and audits of its fiat
reserves to validate this claim. Government support is crucial to the success of STASIS.

The value of one currency unit issued on the platform is tied to an underlying national currency in this case, the Euro. Fiat money received by STASIS from conversion activities will be
allocated to a reserve fund to provide 100% protection for their digital equivalents. When selling
SETs, an investor will receive fiat money out of the STASIS reserves and the sold SETs will be
destroyed. This process will ensure complete interchangeability between traditional and digital
currencies on an equal value basis.
Why STASIS?
STASIS builds stable coins and has two features that are highly attractive to cryptocurrency
investors. It creates a legal two-way currency flow channel between fiat currencies and digital
assets. This channel gives STASIS a unique opportunity for rapid growth, disrupts the
cryptocurrency market infrastructure, and provides access to private and institutional capital.
SET and other stable tokens solve the volatility issue. Volatility is a major problem for market
participants and SET offers an effective tool to mitigate and control this volatility.
The achievement of fiat-level stability will solidify the cryptocurrency economy into a
self-sufficient marketplace. Combining all the benefits of digital currencies with the stability,
convertibility, and legal compliance of the insurer's assets, STASIS helps users move into and
out of crypto-economies similar to how they subscribe to and redeem from the most liquid ETFs.
With fast growing demand for such an instrument, we expect it to become the backbone of the
cryptocurrency economy in the near future.
Market Overview: Emergence of cryptocurrency as a new asset class in the liquid
alternatives space
Cryptocurrencies gained widespread public recognition in 2017, which led to a social and
speculative phenomenon of “cryptocurrency mania”. Bitcoin, the dominant cryptocurrency by
market capitalization, increased 11x its value with a short term spike to 16x (20K USD) and 60x
by trading volume. Most of this extraordinary growth fell within Q4 2017. Despite all the
attention, prominent institutional investors still consider cryptocurrency an immature market.
With a market capitalization of $450BN USD and highly concentrated nature (the top five
cryptocurrencies account for 73% of the capitalization and 62% of trading volume), this market
is primed for continued growth.
The alternative investments universe is a collection of asset classes that have little correlation
with traditional finance and even less regulation. Liquidity is often scarce, as many of the
alternative assets are unique. Classic cars, wine, and fine art are perfect examples.
Liquid alternatives (LA) are either securitized and listed on exchanges (UCITS, ETFs, Hedge
Funds, futures, options), or structured in another way (forwards, swaps) to provide better
liquidity, hence the name. In our opinion, cryptocurrencies perfectly match LA classification due
to standardization and available trading volume across cryptocurrency exchanges.

Cryptocurrencies represent a new asset class within the LA universe. They possess little
correlation with traditional financial assets. In addition, excess returns and the high volatility of
the cryptocurrency market resemble the US equity market technology boom of 1998-2001 and
the emerging markets takeoff during the 1990s. Adjusted by risk, digital asset performance to
date hoovers far above traditional equity and fixed income markets. These trends attract new
investors and open fundraising possibilities as venture capital and high net worth investors flood
into this emerging market.
2017: ICO market takes over as the main growth driver
From the birth of cryptocurrency in 2009 until the boom of 2017, Bitcoin essentially dominated
the entire cryptocurrency marketplace. Ethereum blockchain was introduced in 2015, but it took
two years for this platform to gain recognition and support from the cryptocurrency community.
Ethereum decentralized application (DApp) and smart contract platform opened opportunities
for new players to enter the market. These new coins, built on the Ethereum platform, were now
able to raise funds in a unique crowdfunding investment instrument known as the initial coin
offering (ICO). The rapid growth and popularity of these ICOs pushed Bitcoins’ market share
below 50% (by market capitalization).
ICOs quickly outperformed traditional VC financing by volume (appr. $3BN USD vs $2BN USD
respectively). As the pioneer, Ethereum became the dominant platform for issuing ICOs. As of
December 2017, there are 33K smart contracts running on it, making the Ethereum blockchain
synonymous with the ICO market. In late 2017, several Ethereum competitors entered the
market (Stellar, Cardano, NEO, NEM) and 2018 should see explosive growth in this space.
Countries begin competing for industry exposure and marketplace dominance
Cryptocurrencies are a very young asset class and most governments are still deciding how to
classify, regulate, and tax them. The market lacks experienced analysts and forecasters with
financial backgrounds. Price action is very dependent on community expert opinions.
Regulators like the SEC, MAS, and BOC express concerns with the market’s chaotic nature.
Worldwide regulators have not yet developed a unified approach to this market and even the
outlook on cryptocurrencies varies from country to country. Lawmakers across the globe are
struggling to keep up with this rapidly emerging alternative asset class. Some countries
advocating a friendly view of cryptocurrency and fintech development have rushed to implement
regulations in order to gain a competitive advantage in the global market. For instance, the
Japanese government enforced favorable regulations for cryptocurrency and quickly became a
global leader.

Cryptocurrency market growth is backed by fundamental factors
Goldman Sachs evaluated the market potential in their “Future of finance: payment ecosystems”
research paper. Analysts came up with a $25T USD mark on a standalone basis and the current
cryptocurrency market capitalization comprises only 0.5% of this number. We believe that
investors are only beginning to realize the market’s true potential and we expect a gradual
increase in institutional interest and investment. Given the opportunities this market provides, it
will most likely continue its rally long-term.
Analyzing the world’s macroeconomic position, we believe the market is stepping into a new
inflationary cycle. It should reach its highest point in the early 2020s. The last inflationary cycle
(ending in 2008) induced bubbles in real estate and commodities with the latter reaching up to
8% of the world’s GDP.
This time, the rise of inflation is provoked by the accommodative monetary policy led by the
main central banks (FED, ECB, BOJ, PBOC) of the world. There is too much circulation in the
world economy and on the balances of central banks. The ease of printing new money
compromises the credibility of fiat currencies. We believe that as the inflationary cycle unfolds,
cryptocurrencies will gain momentum as the “new commodities”. The world’s GDP is forecasted
at approximately $78T USD for 2017, which means that the market potential of cryptocurrencies
could be as high as $6T USD by the early 2020s.
2018: Inflow of Institutional Capital
Digital assets have massive and vastly unexplored potential. Predicted four-digit annual growth
rates create a distinct possibility for the next structural shift to arrive in early 2018. We believe
that the market dominance of individual investors will soon be surpassed by institutional capital,
which has only been moderately active throughout 2017.
According to Autonomous NEXT,​ ​the number of active cryptocurrency hedge funds climbed to
226 as of January 2018. Just three months prior, in October 2017, there were only 70 of them.
Despite impressive growth in quantity, cryptocurrency funds are still dwarfed in number by
roughly 10,000 traditional funds existing today. An approximate estimation of assets under
management is in the range of $3.5BN USD - $5BN USD.
Lack of infrastructure is a bottleneck in the system
●
●
●

ICO/ITO/TGE issuers have no legal means to utilize the financing they attract.
Some countries do not accept proprietorial rights of cryptocurrency asset owners, which
makes it impossible to account for and evaluate such assets on a balance sheet.
There is thin legal ground for bringing money into and out of the various cryptocurrency
exchange platforms as well as for making transactions among cryptocurrency liquidity
providers.

●
●

●

Exchanges provide access to a limited number of digital assets.
Global banks refuse to process transactions considering the accompanying paperwork
misleading, payment references suspicious, fraud and liability risks, and complicated or
unknown tax implications.
Digital asset investors lack an instrument to counteract the extreme volatility of their
portfolios.

Legal framework of the STASIS project
Our team put much effort into solving the above-mentioned infrastructure problems. The
STASIS platform is our solution. STASIS incorporates governmental involvement in order to
drastically modernize the way fiat and cryptocurrencies are exchanged.
With proper regulation and government support, an individual, corporation, or regulatory body
will have the confidence that cryptocurrency has the same security, stability, and controls as fiat
currency.
STASIS Early Adopters
Many governments have already expressed their interest in STASIS. Malta (EU member) and
Kazakhstan plan to utilize STASIS for a newly established “free trade zone”. Malta has started
implementing its national blockchain strategy with STASIS advising the national blockchain
taskforce and the Malta Financial Services Authority (MFSA). AIFC (Astana International
Financial Center) of Kazakhstan will collaborate with our team to implement a regulatory
framework for STASIS in 2018. Malta and Kazakhstan both plan to release documents outlining
blockchain guidelines.
STASIS Token Generation Event (TGE)
Once SET is launched, STASIS will issue a community token to promote our platform among a
wider range of cryptocurrency investors. The broader concept is still under development as we
negotiate legal status of the token. We foresee our token granting its owner exciting benefits
linked to a scale of the STASIS platform and its transaction volume.
STASIS team: bringing interdisciplinary expertise to the cryptocurrency market
STASIS originates from Exante Ltd., one of the pioneering companies in the cryptocurrency
market. Our goal is to build a successful infrastructure company within the cryptocurrency
economy. We believe it requires a unique blend of skills: financial, technological,
macroeconomic, and regulatory compliant.
The STASIS team has broad and comprehensive expertise in IT, traditional and alternative
finance, government compliance, and blockchain technology. Our mission is to use our

interdisciplinary framework to create a stable and regulated cryptocurrency ecosystem. Our
professional accomplishments include:
●

Liquid alternatives and Finance: Creating the first Global Fund of Hedge Funds and the
first absolute return UCITS fund in Russia.

●

Cryptocurrencies: Establishing the first Bitcoin fund in 2012 (a year before Pantera
Capital came into existence). We took part in structuring the world’s first mining ICO in
2017, which raised $27MM USD. We also invested in the world’s first ICO underwriter
the same year. Additionally, Exante possesses cryptocurrency mining capacities of
6MWt.

●

IT: Exante introduced its own asset management platform in 2016. In 2017, its internally
developed corporate software went under technological audit and industry experts
deemed it superior to currently existing market standards.

●

Government relations: Official collaboration with Malta (EU member) and Astana
International Financial Center (Kazakhstan) signed in 2017. Currently, we are in the
process of establishing relationships with other EU nations and some CIS countries.

Safe haven concept during periods of market volatility
The entire class of cryptocurrency assets is currently subject to major volatility. We bring
stability to the market by linking the value of our stable tokens to their respective fiat currency
via STASIS storage in auditable fiat reserves. This will mitigate any SET volatility and provide
transparency for the STASIS fiat-to-digital currency conversion service. Investors will be able to
use SET as safe haven during cryptocurrency market turmoils.
Reserves will be managed by a qualified asset manager according to conservative mandates
similar to money market funds with a tilt towards shorter duration government notes and bonds.
As the number of cryptocurrencies serviced by the STASIS platform grows, the quantity of
instruments will widen, as each currency type will be invested in their respective government
supported money market securities. Reserves will be audited at government levels.
Auditable and backed by fiat currency reserves, SET will be the digital currency of the
crypto-economy and a useful volatility control tool for investors. The demand for such an
instrument is very high. From our tentative analysis, we predict that the STASIS net fiat reserves
received from conversion activities could reach $2BN USD by the end of the 2019. The reserve
growth pace will accelerate as STASIS gains more worldwide recognition and secures the
leading position as the world’s first nationalized digital currency platform.

STASIS – The ultimate stability solution for the cryptocurrency economy
STASIS is a revolutionary step towards combining the vast potential of the cryptocurrency
market with the stability and reliability of fiat currencies. Our infrastructure solution will become
the backbone of the crypto-economy and create a two-way currency flow channel. Its legitimacy
and compatibility with the traditional financial system allows institutions, governments, and
wealthy individuals to access the cryptocurrency market much like they operate in the current
business world.
The demand for SET will be strong in any market environment. In case of the market pacing up,
demand will be driven by fiat holders wishing to access the cryptocurrency market and take part
in the rally. In case of negative price movements and growing volatility, the demand will come
from crypto-asset holders wanting to fix their investment gains by escaping into stable digital
currency (SET). STASIS is a visionary platform that connects traditional and digital finances and
fundamentally alters the way the market players interact.

Contacts and disclaimer
Telegram: @kknop
Email: co@stasis.net
GENERAL DISCLAIMER: The contents of this document have neither been reviewed nor
endorsed by the Russian Central Bank or any other regulatory authority. If you are in any doubt
about any of the contents of this document, you should obtain independent professional advice.
This document is issued by STASIS Inc. This communication is intended for professional and
institutional investors only and should not be relied upon by any person that does not possess
professional experience in relation to investments. If you are in any doubt as to whether you
possess suitable experience in relation to investments, please consult your financial adviser.
This document does not constitute investment, tax, legal, or other advice nor is it a
recommendation to purchase, an offer to sell, or an invitation to apply for investments in
STASIS Inc. The information contained in this document has been obtained from carefully
selected public sources. Despite the exercise of due diligence to make sure that this information
is correct at the time of publication, no guarantee whatsoever is given as to its accuracy,
completeness, or sincerity. Any opinion contained in this document reflects the present context
and may be changed at any time without notice and cannot create any liability on the part of
STASIS Inc.

