STEM CELL COIN
Regenerative Medicine to the World

Table of Contents

!2

Disclaimer

This white paper describes the first sale of the Stem Cell Coin (SCC).
As described in this paper, SCC is a cryptocurrency which has been designed to use for
all the services provided by the Stem Cell Project team and its affiliate companies.
The SCC token has been created on the basis of Ethereum network, so this token has no
nature of securities in any legal jurisdiction.
This paper is not for inviting investors or for offering securities by any means in any
legal jurisdiction.
Please note that purchasing SCC is all definitive and non-refundable.
Individual, company and any other organization must consider risks of purchasing SCC
and its costs and benefits carefully.
Information contained in this paper and the whole document is not comprehensive.
Also, this paper does not represent privity of contract between our company and token
purchasers.
The accuracy, reliability and integrity of materials included in this paper or provided
other sites in association with this ICO are not guaranteed, and we accept no legal
responsibilities for that.
For other companies and individuals, SCC does not represent, warrant or promise truth,
accuracy and integrity of any kind of information described in this paper, and SCC does
not intend to do so. SCC also disclaims representation, warranty or promise on them.

!3

Important Items Requiring Confirmation

Purchasing SCC can carry a serious risk. We consider that the purchasers have already
accepted the following risks before buying the coins.
•

•
•

•
•
•

The purchasers recognize that some services in the Stem Cell Project are currently
under development and a major modification may occur in the period to the start of
the services.
The purchasers understand that expectations for the forms and features of the Stem
Cell Project may not be fulfilled due to various reasons.
The purchasers understand that some cryptocurrency exchanges may deny
connection to this project although SCC devotes best efforts to connect to major
exchanges and, as a result, the liquidity provided through platform may become
lower than that expected in this paper.
The purchasers understand that the date of official release may be late although
SCC devotes best efforts to start as scheduled.
There may be broad fluctuations of the value of SCC and its lowering due to
various reasons.
SCC will be issued in NEO blockchain. Therefore, transfer of SCC or purchasers’
capability of holding the coin safely may be affected by troubles of NEO protocol
or unexpected function.

•

!4

What is ICO?

ICO (Initial Coin Offering) is a method for financial arrangements by issuing an original
digital token and selling it.
This is not to assign equity like stock funding but to simply sell the token like rewardbased crowdfunding.
The token is not recognized as a “cryptocurrency” at the time of selling, which means
that the ICO is not the method for “financial arrangements” by strict definition but is for
selling the token. Thus those who buy it are not “investors” for the project but are the
“purchasers of the token.”
At the point in time, the SCC token cannot be used as repayment for a consideration for
unspecified persons, and it is considered that this ICO project fits the above-mentioned
definitions since it is in a situation where there is no exchange market between the token
and the legal currencies, Bitcoin, and any other existing cryptocurrencies.

Purposes of ICO
All the produced funds will be used for development of the Stem Cell Project.
1.

Development/introduction of payment system for the cost of Stem Cell treatment
at our own hospitals/affiliate clinics

2.

Development/introduction of pathological/diagnostic imaging systems by
Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Blockchain

3.

Development of Virtual Clinic Platform

4.
5.

Costs of construction and expansion of hospitals for Stem Cell treatment
Research and clinical work for pharmaceuticalization of stem cells

!5

Brief Overview of Stem Cell Coin

!6

Road Map

!7

Concepts of Our Project

In industrialized countries including Japan, which have increasingly aging populations,
the number of people suffering chronic diseases are increasing.
Because of development of public transports, people don’t exercise enough and begin to
have obese and metabolic syndrome. Thus health maintenance/promotion captures their
interest. Concept of “health care” becomes very important nowadays. On the other hand,
the number of qualified professionals such as medical doctors and nurses is decreasing.
Time to wait for the physical examination by a doctor is getting longer, and the burden
of the medical experts is also getting heavier year after year. In such a circumstance, we
will develop “AI Personal Doctor” on the basis of the concept “eSelfcare” for health
maintenance of people around the world. We will provide “Aging Well Concept” which
is self-maintenance of own health by oneself to the whole world.

From 60% to 80% of world
population have a lack of exercise
People tend to have a lack of exercise as their
cultures are developing. As a result, they
experience body weight gain which leads to chronic
diseases such as diabetes mellitus and
hypertension. There have been tools which can lead
them to a healthy state and maintain the state. Our
challenge is to find out how to utilize these tools to
obtain better results for becoming healthy.

8.6 million people in the whole world, and the
number is growing at a phenomenal speed. In fact, it
is estimated that about ¾ of causes of death in the
world will be chronic disease by 2020. If chronic
diseases are well managed by patients, their family
members and health care teams, patients can enjoy
their life healthier and also the burden of treatment
costs can be minimized. Additional burden will
cause a crisis.

By 2025, it is assumed that the population of 60
years old or over is increased further. In addition to
the currently aging industrialized countries, the
developing countries with rapid population growth
will soon become aging societies. Do you think
their dreams of life with peace, safe and
comfortable will come true? What should we do
before worldwide aging societies become reality.

According to the report in 2006 by WHO, we
need 4.3 million more medical doctors, nurses
and medical support staff, and such a situation is
not expected to improve in the future. They are
already insufficient in number, and how can we
keep providing essential medical and welfare
services?

!8

2 technologies playing a role in the future health will open new
doors
To obtain vital data such as body temperature, blood pressure, and pulse rate easily, we
need technologies to sense the physical quantities. The obtained biological information
are not discarded after temporal usage but accumulated and the course will be followed.
In order to make the above happen, high-security network which can transfer data freely
is necessary. When the 2 technologies are integrated, people’s lifestyles and
environments will change significantly. The change is what we are providing:
Future medical services achieved by IoT and Blockchain
AI Personal Doctor (Keep all the doctors in the world for oneself)
Our vision is to bring a new structure with AI and Blockchain to the old medical system.
This can be a breakthrough in the healthcare industry and bring affluent society in
which people live in health.

We revolutionize medical services with AI and Blockchain.
The revolution, however, doesn’t destroy the structure of the current medical services,
but rather aims to complement the current services and expand their breadth.
As an example, utilization of cutting-edge sensing technologies and chatbots reduce the
burden of medical staff and improve the accuracy of medical examinations, and also
application of AI analysis and Blockchain create a new medical service in the area of
private practice (no health insurance applicable). We aim to spread these across the
world
Our final goal is to create a environment that everyone can always receive high-quality
medical services wherever they are. Labor force in the medical field also decreases as
the population decreases. In such a situation, the condition to receive advanced
treatment becomes even tougher for patients. Along with improving the skills of doctors,
procedures associated with medical examinations need to be reduced.

!9

Brief Overview of Our Project
Stem Cell Project is a medical project mainly focused on the following 2 points:
Development and popularization of (1) a means of payment for the costs of stem cell
treatment at the affiliate hospitals and (2) pathological/diagnostic imaging systems by
using AI and Blockchain.
The followings are the 4 main purposes of our project:
1.

Make stem cell treatment possible to pay in cryptocurrency

Stem cell therapy helps to activate weakened cells and proliferate important cells
declining in number daily.
After stem cell administration, the cells are circulating through the body. Once finding
out damaged tissues, the stem cells are activated by themselves and trying to repair and
regenerate the tissues.
This therapy shows promise for treatment of anti-aging, diabetes mellitus, etc. However,
currently, stem cell therapy can be provided only in medically advanced countries.
In recent years, stem cell therapy has captured the world’s attention. So, we are
expecting worldwide financial inflow to regenerative medicine by means of
cryptocurrency payment.
2.

Introduction of pathological/diagnostic imaging systems with AI and Blockchain

We are developing the near-future health check system which can share automatic
diagnoses with images and pathological data among clinics and hospitals in the world
by using AI and Blockchain technologies.
We will let the system grow to the level that can screen medical big data rapidly and
accurately.
We are also planning to use the provided big data for revealing relationship to cancers
on the basis of the patient information such as nationality, race, gender and age.

!10

3.

Development of Virtual Clinic Platform

When patients experience illness/disorders, they often have following questions, “Which
hospital should I go?” and “Which department should I choose?” Also visiting hospital
just for receiving medicines is wasting time and becomes burden for patients.
In order to solve such problems, we develop Virtual Clinic Platform which can make
patients feel a closer connection to doctors by using the network among the member
hospitals/clinics of Japan Society of Aesthetic Regenerative Medicine and AIbot diagnosis,
remote medical checkup system, search/reservation of hospitals/clinics. All the payments
in the platform can be done in SCC.
※AIbot diagnosis: AI can predict suspected patient’s disease(s) only with asking
questions regarding symptoms and affected parts.
※Remote medical checkup system: Doctors can examine patients who cannot visit
medical institutions for reasons of their living environments by using video calls etc.
4.

Research and clinical work of therapeutic formulations with stem cells

The final goal of our Stem Cell Project is “pharmaceuticalization of stem cells.”
By doing research and clinical work of therapeutic formulations with stem cells and
putting them into public circulation, we will be able to achieve our aims to give more
opportunities to those who need regenerative medicine and to optimize the treatment costs.
Keeping development of the world’s first “Cell Bank” in mind, we also create a
surrounding in which people with diseases can be treated with their own cells which took
and stored beforehand at their healthy state.

!11

More Details on 1.
Stem cell therapy has been attracting worldwide attention in recent years, however, the
therapy can be currently provided only in 5 countries such as the US, Germany,
Switzerland, Russia (only at governmental institutions), and Japan.
Amid increasing demand for stem cell therapy especially in Asia, the therapy can be
currently provided only in Japan among other Asian nations.
In Japan, hospitals/clinics which can provide stem cell therapy need to obtain approval
of Class II Regenerative Medicine accredited by the Ministry of Health, Labor and
Welfare. One of our project team, Association of Medical Corporation Koge-Kai, is
planning to obtain the approval of Class II Regenerative Medicine and is having a clinic
where stem cell therapy can be given. Although we have the clinic in which a number of
people can be treated, the payment method for the treatment costs is an issue. Especially
in China, there is the regulation on annual limit of taking Chinese yuan out of China,
and thus, although the demand is increasing, it is currently difficult for them to bring
their own currency to other countries for the treatment which costs about 6 to 8 million
yen per time.
Introduction of a payment system in cryptocurrency can solve this issue. While the
number of individual investors holding cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin is growing, we
are planning to expand customers of our hospitals/affiliate clinics by using SCC as a
payment method.

!12

More Details on 2.
The final goal of this system is to bridge the gaps among the worldwide medical
technologies.
This system has been developed because of lack of medical specialists which is the issue
of the current healthcare industry.
Rare diseases and diseases which are difficult to detect tend to be found out by thorough
examinations in university hospitals or general hospitals, and there are many cases
which could not be detected or treated at minor hospitals/clinics. This can be associated
with the major issue of lack of pathologists.
A similar situation can be seen in other medically advanced countries. Especially in
China, there are only around 10,000 pathologists for the population of 1.4 billion, which
is a serious scarcity of labor.
As a result, patients gather at major hospitals.
Brief overview of the system is that data of CT and X-ray images are scanned by AI
system in which medical big data have been introduced. This can lead to early detection
of variety of diseases and detection of rare diseases.
Furthermore, by using this system on Blockchain, diagnostic data can be shared at the
medical institutions with the system, which can lead to medical technology
improvement. Thus, even the minor hospitals and developing countries can manage
high-level medical technology, and gaps of the medical technology will be filled by this
system.
More Details on 3.
We propose Virtual Clinic Platform. Patients can receive various medical services on 1
device online wherever they are.
A variety of contents will be added such as remote medical checkup system, chatbot and
translation function.

!13

More Details on 4.
This is directly connected to the point of our philosophy “Regenerative Medicine to the
World.”
Stem cell therapy has been attracting worldwide attention to a variety of symptoms and
anti-aging effect; however, only some wealthy people can receive the therapy (mostly
for anti-aging) due to the high cost. Thus stem cell therapy is not considered as a
therapy for patients in need.
For the issue, our project is aiming to “optimize stem cell therapy cost.”
Since our project team has been established a special technology to culture stem cells
rapidly and accuracy, mass culturing is possible.
By improving this technology and optimizing the treatment cost, we can give more
opportunities to those who need regenerative medicine.
We aim to make regenerative medicine closer to our life by pharmaceuticalization of
stem cells on the basis of research and clinical work.
Currently, the clinics of our project team provides stem cell treatment under the
approval of Class II Regenerative Medicine accredited by Ministry of Health, Labor and
Welfare, however; approval of Class I Regenerative Medicine is essential for
pharmaceuticalization of stem cells.
We will obtain appropriate approval while the project is going further and then provide
regenerative medicine to the people who need it.
Advantages of our project are not only providing IT services in healthcare, but also
holding a medical corporation, JSARM and clinics in the team. Our aim is not to raise
funds for startup like a general feature of ICO, but to grow our business further.
We can introduce and operate the payment system and diagnostic imaging system at our
own clinics first, which is because the Stem Cell Project includes the medical
corporation.

!14

Market Sizes and Growth Potential of Regenerative Medicine

The market sizes of regenerative medicine will be 2.5 trillion yen on Japanese market
and 38 trillion yen on the world market in 2050, and it is expected to be enormous
economic effects in the near future

!15

What is Stem Cell?
The human body is comprised of 60 trillion cells and more than 200 types of cells. Each
type of cells has a role to play such as cells to grow hairs, cells to activate skin.
There are cells which don’t have specific role and can become several types of cells.
This is “Stem Cells.”
Stem cells have:
1.
Potential to divide repeatedly and proliferate the same type of cells.
2.
Potential to become several different types of cells.
Stem cells gather around damaged area and divide and proliferate repeatedly, which
facilitates regeneration of the cells and restores the tissue functions.

!16

What is Stem Cell Therapy?

Stem cell therapy helps to activate weakened cells and proliferate important cells which
are declining in number daily. After stem cell administration, the cells are circulating
through the body.
Once finding out damaged tissues, the stem cells are activated by themselves and trying to
repair and regenerate the tissues.
After catching SDF-1 signal from the damaged area, the administered stem cells are
migrating to that area. And the cells repair the area rapidly and move to another area (hitand-run phenomenon).
The stem cells further stimulate pituitary gland, which restores the hormonal balance and
metabolism cycle to a healthy state.
The recent stem cell researches reveal that health of many organs can be maintained over a
lifetime with permanent regeneration of stem cells. On the other hand, organs/tissues are
aging as stem cells are aging.
In other words, it is medically recognized that stem cells play an essential role in changes
caused by aging.
“Stem cells” = “Core role in research on aging”

!17

Materials (research papers/images) Stroke treatment (MSC,ADSC)

TTC (triphenyl tetrazolium chloride) dyeing of brains
24 hr after administrations of ASC and BMSC

ASC

BMSC

Position (6)

Position
(4)

Control

In the model of ischemic left middle cerebral artery, shrinkage of infarcted
areas are more obvious in ASC than in BMSC.

Materials (research papers/images) Neurodegenerative treatment (ADSC

Pathological mechanism of Alzheimer’s disease

MSC)

Functions of ADSC and MSC

Alzheimer’s disease is characterized by blemish-like structure
which is called senile plaques and lint-like structure which is
called neurofibrillary tangle.
The main component of senile plaques is β-amyloid peptide
consisting of 40–43 amino acids.

APP is cleaved into β-amyloid by β-secretase and γ-secretase
β-amyloid is then aggregated and precipitated
↓

This peptide is resulted from cleavage of amyloid precursor
protein (APP) by β-secretase and γ-secretase.

Administered stem cells secrete neprilysin

Affregation and precipitation of β-amyloid can be seen at the
early stage of Alzheimer’s disease and is considered to be the
possible cause. β-amyloid 1-42 is accumulated specifically in
cerebral cortex and form senile plaques. β-amyloid 1-40 is
accumulated in cerebral blood vessels, which can cause vascular
damage.

↓
Neprilysin degrades β-amyloid

Human adipose tissue-derived mesenchymal stem cells
secrete functional neprilysin-bound exosomes

!18

Indicated Clinical Cases

1.

Indicated clinical case (treatment given)
Cancer treatment : Immunotherapy
Congenial domains:
Internal medicine, orthopedics, anesthesiology, dermatology depts,

etc
Therapy type: NK-CAT therapy, γδT-cell therapy, dendritic cell therapy
Combination therapy: Radiation therapy , Chemotherapy
Contradiction for blood cancer
Compared with solo therapy, combination therapy with radiation and
chemotherapy promises less adverse effects, at the same time, effect of
each therapy can be maximized.
For end-stage patients, pain relief and QOL improvement can be
achieved, which leads to improvement of QOL of the patient’s family
members.

2.

Indicated clinical case (treatment given)
Diabetes treatment: Stem cell therapy
Congenial domains:
Internal medicine, diabetic internal medicine, endocrine metabolic depts
(Urology, Plastic surgery, internal medicine, Reproductive medicine, etc)
Pancreas and kidneys

Treatment given before the patients fall into chronic pathological state is best.
Early treatment should be started in the acute stage. Early treatment avoids hemodialysis due to
symptoms in the chronic stage in/out of Japan.
Deterrence of GDP shrink and prevention of high healthcare costs are expected.
High healthcare costs will be prevented beforehand by withdrawal from hemodialysis by induction of
differentiation of stem cells into insulin producing cells and cell transplantation.
Moreover, income from healthcare services can be one of pillars of the industry along with income
from tourism by targeting diabetes patients in economically advanced countries.

!19

3. Indicated clinical case (treatment given)
Autoimmune disease : Stem cell therapy
Congenial domains:
Collagen disease, rheumatology, orthopedics depts, etc

Rheumatism
Utilization of functions of stem cells such as anti-inflammation and shifting to the state of immunological
tolerance. If the state of immunological tolerance is maintained early, reducing/stopping the progression of
pathological condition. A possibility that exceeds the superiority of Remicade is unknown.
Behcet’s disease
There has been a report showing improvement of ulcers such as stomatitis by stem cell therapy.
It might be attributed to a combination of functions of anti-inflammation and immunological tolerance.

4. Indicated clinical case (treatment given)
Stroke treatment: Stem cell therapy
Congenial domains: Internal medicine, rehabilitation, neurosurgery depts, etc
Stem cells need to be given in 3 months after onset.
Stem cells are taken during acute phase or recovery phase and cultured immediately. The cells are
autotransplanted after 3-4 weeks, or stem cells which are less likely to be rejected by the immune
system are banked beforehand and are transplanted immediately after onset.
In order to lessening sequelae, stem cell transplantation is necessary as soon as possible. Thus,
ideally, pharmaceuticalization of stem cells may be expected by banking of cells with HLA 3 loci
homozygous.
Administration of stem cells at as early stage as possible lessens sequalae, and deterrence of GDP
shrink and prevention of high healthcare costs are expected.

!20

5. Indicated clinical case (treatment given + under R&D)
Hair regeneration, baldness treatment: Stem cell therapy
Congenial domains:
Internal medicine, surgery, plastic surgery, dermatology depts, etc
Stem cell therapy for alopecia. Combination use with internal medicines such as Propecia is
possible.
The therapy is still under research and development, but is almost established as a complete
treatment. There is global demand, and one of the main projects in our company. Marketing
especially for wealthy people in the world can bring a sufficient number of patients.
Kyocera corporation and Organ technologies Inc. aim to put their technology for alopecia into
practical use in 2020.

6. Indicated clinical case (treatment given + under R&D)
Cell banking system: Cord blood, stem cells
Congenial domains:
Maternity and gynecology, internal medicine, surgery, plastic surgery depts, etc
For patients suffering stroke and spinal cord injury, stem cell transplantation should be provided at as early
stage as possible to lessen sequelae.
Securement of a certain number of cells with HLA 3 loci homozygous enables to provide stem cell
formulation to the majority of Japanese people without immunorejection.
Storage of cord blood will be a supply source for various cases such as leukemia.

!21

7. Indicated clinical case (treatment given)
Angiopathy: Stem cell therapy
Congenial domains:
Cardiovascular, vascular surgery, plastic surgery depts, etc
Stem cell therapy for agiopathy such as Buerger’s disease and ASO.
Applicable not only for rare diseases but also diabetic patients’ peripheral vascular disorder.
Therapy can achieve of course Improvement of patients’ QOL and also demand boosting from other countries.

. Indicated clinical case (R&D)
Psychiatric and neurological disorders : Stem cell therapy
Congenial domains:
Internal medicine, psychiatry, neurology, cranial nerve internal medicine dept, etc

Lymphocytes
R&D and clinical study for medicinal treatment of depression and autism or for withdrawal of the
therapeutic medication. β endorphin facilitates pain relief and increased activity at the same time
Stem cell therapy
R&D and clinical study for treatment of neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer’s disease, ALS,
Parkinson disease, and pilio.

!22

Pathological/diagnostic imaging systems by AI and Blockchain
Deep Learning has been greatly developed and is currently gathering attentions in
various areas by tremendous improvement of computer performance, collection of big
data due to the spread of World Wide Web and internet devices, and various research
outcomes. Deep Learning has overwhelming recognition performance especially in the
field of pathology image recognition. In the ImageNet Large Scale Visual Recognition
Challenge (ILSVRC) where competitions of recognition accuracy of generic object
images are held, the accuracy has kept greatly improving since 2012 when Deep
Learning was introduced, and eventually, in 2015, it overtook human recognition
performance. Deep Learning will be applied in a variety of fields of healthcare with
Blockchain.
Deep Learning, comparing to other computational techniques, can achieve great
accuracy; however, in order to gain such accuracy, it requires a great deal of leaning
time even with currently available high-speed calculators. For instance, Google spent
1,000 – 2,000 hours of learning time to achieve 99.63% ultrahigh-accuracy in
convolutional neural network, FaceNet, which recognizes human face images.
We are going to handle much bigger Blockchain network and lead to complete solutions
for various medical issues by using Deep Learning. In terms of future issues, since it is
not considered practical that the each issue will be learnt with longer time, our purpose
is to reduce leaning time drastically by accelerating the leaning speed.
As an experiment which have already started, we are turning an algorithm for speeding
up of Deep Learning into reality with the idea of a new architecture of data flow by
using distributed memory with a keyword of “parallelization.” At the current stage, we
provide aforementioned pathological imaging diagnosis and capillary diagnosis in our
medical practice. Moreover, we aim to get high throughput/high power efficiency with
small temporal granularity by achieving high-speed learning with dedicated processors.

!23

Issues Faced by Health Industry
Limited number of radiologists and pathologists
Japan: 6,334 radiologists, 2,232 pathologists
* Japanese Board of Medical Specialties (2013)
cf. China: About 50,000 radiologists (incl. technicians), about 10,000 pathologists
→ Serious issue of regional difference/difference among hospitals on cancer treatment
→ Reaching critical limits in the traditional model of pathologists’ work
* Since some institutions are sticking with “real material samples”, they cannot
transition into digitalization of pathological examinations. In order to facilitate the
transition, radiology depts. are given preferential national health insurance points if they
choose digital data storage rather than film storage.
Number of patients with cancer/lifestyle-related diseases is growing due to the aging
of society and increase of city population.

Validation results based on pathological data (Benefit)
◇ Diagnostic accuracy of colorectal cancer 99.9%
◇ (Validated with images of past 1,865 diagnosed cases at Osaka University)
◇ The 0.1% of cases were poorly differentiated Type Ⅱ, which are very difficult even for
experienced pathologists.
◇ Examination time: Approx. 5 sec/diagnosis with a commonly marketed PC
◇ FP (over detect ): 43.5% (J. Diagnostic Pathology 2015)

Out system can be used for screening, double-check, remote pathological image
diagnosis, etc on colorectal cancer, stomach cancer, etc.

!24

Issues Faced by Health Industry
1. Cost-saving of pathological diagnosis
◇ Improvement of diagnostic efficiency and prevention of missing cancer diagnoses by
automatic screening of digital images and double-check function of Automated
Pathological Service by Applied Mathematics (APSAM).
◇ Cost-saving for each hospital (saving of storage space for pathological samples by
digitalization, increase of income with remote pathological diagnosis)
2. Solution of limited number of pathologists
◇ Developed regions: saving labor of pathologists, making double-check of diagnoses
happen
◇ Developing countries: improvement of levels of pathological diagnosis at hospitals
having no veteran pathologists, offering of remote pathological services for hospitals
having no pathologists and improvement of quality of medical services with educational
tools.
3. Homogenization of treatment level (sharing of diagnostic criteria)
4. Development of processing methods for big data of pathological images
◇ Indexing pathological image data enables to process medical big data and contributes
to the improvement of medical services.
Unit: 100 million yen

Digital pathology market and CAGR of leading
countries
15.8%

12,000

12.9%

13.8%

14.9%

16.0%

13.5%

9,000

12.0%

6,000

8.0%

3,000

4.0%

0

US

England

2011
CAGR (2013-2018)

Germany

2012

China

2013

Japan

0.0%

2018

!25

Global needs and Pricing

Increase of number of cancer patients
◇ Developed countries such as Japan have a tendency toward aging of population, and
thus an increase in the number of cancer patients is expected.
◇ According to improvement of healthcare system, major diseases causing death (e.g.
infection) is decreasing even in developing countries.
◇ Although cancer is a disease which we haven’t overcome yet, a complete cure could
be achieved if treatment is appropriately given.
◇ Phathologists who indicate treatment methods require sufficient training.

Needs Not enough pathologists throughout the world
◇ Developed countries: Computer aided systems are necessary due to busy schedule
◇ Developing countries: Very few pathologists → support system is necessary (if
possible, a system which can determine a certain level of pathology)
◇ Important to have systems which cover and support improvement of infrastructure
(e.g. Remote diagnosis)

Pricing
◇ Usage charge of APSAM will be covered by social insurance, except in the US.
◇It is difficult to fix a price because pathologists have different status and role in each
country.
◇ At this point in time, 30%-40% of payment amount for pathological diagnosis is
considered as the cost for a patient.
◇ Usually, 90% of the part of a pathological sample is normal, and thus development of
a system which can extract abnormal parts only contributes to improvement of
pathological diagnostic efficiency.
In light of that, we will set the price in comparison with the actual hiring cost of a
pathologist.

!26

Concept of Virtual Clinic Platform

When patients experience illness/disorders, they often have following questions,
“Which hospital should I go?” and “Which department should I choose?” Also visiting
hospital just for receiving medicines is wasting time and becomes burden for patients.
In order to solve such problems, we develop Virtual Clinic Platform which can make
patients feel a closer connection to doctors by using the network among the member
hospitals/clinics of Japan Society of Aesthetic Regenerative Medicine and AIbot
diagnosis, remote medical checkup system, search/reservation of hospitals/clinics.
Various contents are added to this platform, and we create environment where patients
can easily receive medical services online.
All the payments in the platform can be done in SCC.

!27

From the World to Japan
"Japan as the leading center of medical tourism”

●
●
●
●

●
●

We create our system of each country’s version and disseminate information of Japanese advanced
medical care.
Our system is responsive to requests of remote diagnosis from the countries of the world 24 hours
a day.
We facilitate medical and its related services (e.g. medical checkup, treatment) targeting Asian
wealthy people in collaboration with travel agencies, medical tourism companies/groups.
Patients can consult a healthcare professional for their health problems even they are away from
home (e.g. foreigners living in/visiting Japan). They can also ask “where can I get my regular
medicine?”, ”My physical condition suddenly gets worse”, etc.
All they need to do is choose a healthcare professional online from the App. They can consult the
healthcare professional in their mother tongue.
If a referral form is needed, it will be issued in the language of that country.

✓ You don’t need to worry in case of sudden aggravation of physical condition. You can
consult a healthcare professional during a trip for a change of physical condition, run out of
regular medicines, etc.
✓ Reachable 24/7 by smart phone. A variety of healthcare professionals are waiting for your
call.
✓ You can talk in your mother tongue. You can choose a right healthcare professional by
yourself (language, levels of profession, etc are listed).
✓ Emergency illness/symptoms are also acceptable. We tell your symptoms as well as your
personal data to that hospital and provide a referral form and your medical information in
the language of that country.

!28

Sensor Network
A sensor network cognizes one’s circumstances and autonomously cooperates with
others. This is an essential technology to realize a healthy and wealthy society and can
be applied to a wide range of areas such as healthcare, welfare, crime prevention,
security, disaster prevention, environmental risks. This is developing for our future
social/economic activities.

Doctor
Constant collection of major biological
information (e.g. pulse, BT, BP, O2 in
blood) and its data base is very useful for
doctors to make a decision.
Sensor network will change healthcare
services..

Family
Family can know how the person are by
receiving the biological information whenever
and wherever. Family and the person is
connecting though the network.

Pharmacist

Physiotherapist

Based on the biological information, efficiency
of the prescribed medicine(s) can be checked.
Compared with the past data, pharmacists can
prescribe most appropriate medicine(s) for the
patient.

Physiotherapists can know how much the
patient is doing exercise and consuming
energy even they are away from the patient.
They can give the patient appropriate advice
by knowing the exercise level.

A Person
He/She is in the sensor network
without noticing. This is the
purpose of Virtual Clinic.
Miniaturization and
communication function of
devices are the main points,
future key technology.

Care and Welfare services
If connecting to network, care workers
can check the patients’ conditions all the
time. Communication with medical
institutions and nursing homes is smooth.
This lessens the burden of carers.

!29

Our society has been established with the purpose of contribution to development of
regenerative medicine in Japan by improvement and dissemination of research of
regenerative medicine practices and publication/communication and exchange of their
knowledge.
Although we named our society “aesthetic,” it doesn’t mean we are dedicated to
cosmetic medicine. We use the word “aesthetic” because we develop the society into
multiple fields of regenerative medicine including cosmetic medicine. Of course, we are
going to mention alternatives of new treatment centering on dentistry.
In light of conditions of the times, our activities (working together with other societies
and organizations) include providing advice for observational studies for the medical
guidelines which is applicable to the regenerative medicine law. In regard to healthcare
and studies applicable to the laws of regenerative medicine and clinical studies, we
cooperate with the certified special committee for regenerative medicine, certified
committee for regenerative medicine, certified review board, and research ethics
committee.
Moreover, a working group with knowledgeable people on human pluripotent stem cells
and cell culturing was organized by Miho Furue in human stem cell applied research
room in National Institutes of Biomedical Innovation, Health and Nutrition, a project
leader of regenerative medicine practical project “A study on standardization of
culturing technique aiming to quality variability and practical application of iPS cells”
in Japan Agency for Medical Research and Development (AMED). The group proposed
the following 5 conditions in “Fundamental principles in cell culturing.”
1st condition: Recognize that cell culturing is derived from a part of living body.
2nd condition: Confirm reliability of the source and applicability of methods of using.
3rd condition: Prevent contamination of culturing cells.
4th condition: Manage culturing cells and handling record properly.
5th condition: Consider health and safety of culturing technicians and environmental
effect.

!30

We comply with the 5 conditions and have an affiliate cell processing center approved
under Regenerative Medicine Ensuring Safety Law Article 40 Clause1. We are
preparing for suppling cell-processed products and physiologically active materials (e.g.
culture supernatant) adequately.
We are also preparing for providing genetic treatment, remote diagnosis,
immunotherapy, flora therapy, etc and studies on them.
However, as well as medical practice based on the law, of course, we need to comply
with the guideline of each field even though it is only partly legislated. In all the law and
guidelines, “duty of education and training” is listed in common.
In order to exercise the duty, we are going to have various training workshops, for which
we are looking for some people who support our proper dissemination of regenerative
medicine and can provide study cases and teach on the field.
Head director
Shuji Yamaguchi

!31

Business Expansion Map

•

•
•

•

•
•

Business Expansion

Regenerative medical institutions/
Direct management of clinics holding
Class II regenerative medicine

High-end cancer treatment/Providing
the highest cancer treatment with
Class III regenerative medicine

Cases of stem cell therapy/Selling
clinical trials to pharmaceutical
manufacturers and technology
transfer to overseas

Stem cell therapy/Providing
treatment at the associated clinics
C e l l c u l t u r i n g / C e l l p ro c e s s i n g
commissioned project from group
companies

Stem cell supernatant/For medical
institutions, supplying for therapeutic
medicine

Cell bank/Foreign tourism for current
MRI and CT

Stem cell culture media/Supplying for
cosmetic manufacturers

!32

Brief Overview of Token Sale

The procurement funds in ICO will be used mainly for research and development of the
project. The foundations of our service are our own clinics, AI technology, and
Blockchain technology. Since their development requires a large amount of money, the
funds will be appropriately distributed in accordance with procurement funds and used
as development cost.

!33

Token Distribution

The procurement funds in ICO will be used mainly for research and development of the
project. The foundations of our service are our own clinics, AI technology, and
Blockchain technology. Since their development requires a large amount of money, the
funds will be appropriately distributed in accordance with procurement funds and used
as development cost.

!34

Bonuses of Major Token Holders
Major token holders will be given bonuses to receive the following stem cell treatments
(6 million yen) at the healthcare institutions of our group. This bonuses will be given
only to those who purchase tokens during the ICO period.

Bonuses of Long-term Token Holders

!35

Affiliate Teams

!36

Disclaimer
This document is for information purposes only and is not intended to solicit the sale of our
or related companies’ shares or securities.
Such solicitation shall take place only in accordance with the provisions of law.
Neither the information nor the analysis presented is a basis for investment decisions, and
there are no specific recommendations.
Therefore, this document does not constitute investment advice or recommendations or
investment solicitations.
This document is not intended as a solicitation for the sale of securities or for the purchase
of securities.
In addition, this document has not been submitted to or registered with the regulatory
authorities, nor has been reviewed or confirmed by the regulatory authorities, nor has it been
planned to be submitted to or registered with the regulatory authorities.
We shall not be liable for any loss or damage of any kind, directly or indirectly, resulting from
any error, omission or inaccuracy in the information contained herein.
Furthermore, the information contained in this document may be changed without prior
notice in the future.
Restrictions on purchasers
Nationals, residents of any state where purchase of the STEM CELL COIN token issued
by MTA Intec PTE LTD (hereinafter “SCC token”) or similar token is prohibited (including, but
not limited to, the People's Republic of China), any other purchaser who may be subject to
such laws, or nationals, residents of European Economic Area (Members of the European
Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein or Norway) may not purchase the SCC token.
Purchase of the SCC token shall be made only by individuals, entities or enterprises with
extensive experience with token and block chain based software systems and with
knowledge of their use and complexity.
The purchaser must understand the storage method and transmission mechanisms for
the SCC token and other tokens.
Neither we nor any of the parties associated with us shall be liable for any loss of the SCC
token by the purchaser for any reason whatsoever.
The SCC token may not be purchased if the purchaser does not have the required other
experience or expertise.
When purchasing the SCC token, the purchase shall be made after careful consideration
of the risks and costs of the purchase and any other disadvantages.
In the event the purchaser does not have the above-mentioned other experience or
expertise required for such consideration, the purchaser must obtain advice from experts on
these points. The purchaser may not purchase the SCC token before the purchaser
understands and reviews the items stated in the " Risks of purchasing the SCC token " and
any other risks related to the purchase of the SCC token, and has been in a situation in
which the purchaser can accept such advice.
If we determine that the purchaser is in breach of the representations and warranties set
forth in the “ Representations and Warranties of the SCC token purchaser” set forth
below, the purchaser may not purchase the SCC token.
Risks of purchasing the SCC token
Purchase of the SCC token poses significant risks. Before purchasing the SCC token, the
purchaser should carefully consider the risks listed below and consult with an attorney,
accountant, tax accountant or other expert to the extent necessary if there are any issues

!37

that cannot be understood.
Please note that the purchase of the SCC token is made by the purchaser with a definitive
intent to purchase and cannot be refunded in any event except in the case we allowed.
(Risks inherent in blockchain technology)
Blockchain technologies are subject to scrutiny by various regulatory agencies around the
world.
The SCC token may be aﬀected by regulatory inquiries, actions and legal amendments that
may interfere with or restrict the issuance, distribution and exchange of the SCC token.
A third party with access to the user's account information or private key can operate on
the SCC token.
If such information is known to a third party, there is a risk that it may lead to the loss of the
SCC token. Therefore, in order to minimize this risk, the purchaser must take measures such
as protecting electronic devices from unauthorized access.
(Risks of fluctuations in the value of the SCC token)
Like other tokens, the value of the SCC token may vary considerably and may be reduced
for a variety of reasons.
We will use our best eﬀorts, but will not guarantee, the creation of token economies
associated with the SCC token (hereinafter referred to as the "SCC token economy").
The purchaser must understand that the liquidity of the SCC token is lower than they expect
and that if the use and adoption of the SCC token is inadequate, there may be little or no
market at platform startup and the value of the SCC token may be limited.
In addition, the SCC token economy may suﬀer systemic failures that result in a decline in
the value of the SCC token.
The benefits or rights that the purchaser can enjoy by owning the SCC token, as
determined between the purchaser and us at the time of purchasing the SCC token, depend
on the development of the business managed and operated by us.
The SCC token economy is currently in the planning stage and may be subject to significant
changes prior to release.
Expectations regarding the format and functionality of the SCC token held at the time of
purchase may not be met at the time of release for several reasons, including changes in
design and implementation plans and the establishment or execution of the SCC token
economies.
We will use our best eﬀorts, but we do not guarantee whether or not there are any such
benefits or rights that the purchaser expects, the timing or content of which the purchaser
may enjoy, or any other matters related to benefits or rights.
(Risks based on external factors)
Hackers and other groups or organizations may attempt to disrupt the availability of the
SCC token economies or the SCC token in a variety of ways, including denial-of-service
attacks, Sybil attacks, spoofing, smurfing, malware attacks, and agreed-upon attacks.
Technological advances, such as advances in cryptography or the development of
quantum computers, may pose risks to the cryptography field and the SCC token economy
and may result in theft or loss of the SCC token.
(Other risks )
Unlike other financial institutions' bank accounts and accounts, funds held using the SCC
token are not insured.
There is no remedy by a public insurance company, such as a private insurance

!38

company, in the event of loss or loss of value.
The SCC token economy may become impracticable and may be dissolved for a number
of reasons, including but not limited to adverse fluctuations in the value of the SCC token
and inadequate business relationships.
The cryptographic token is a new technology.
In addition to the risks listed here, there are risks that we cannot anticipate.
The unexpected combinations and variations in risks described here could aﬀect the value
of the SCC token if the risk becomes more apparent.
Disclaimer and Disclaimer of Warranties
We sell the SCC token "as is" and "to the extent available" without warranty of any kind,
and we expressly disclaims all implied warranties, including, without limitation, implied
warranties of merchantability, fitness for a specific purpose, title and non-infringement, with
respect to the SCC token.
We make no representation or warranty that the SCC token is reliable, current, error-free,
meets the conditions required by the purchaser, and that any defects in the SCC token will
be corrected in the future.
We make no representation or warranty that the mechanism of delivery of the SCC token
or the SCC token is not aﬀected by viruses or other harmful components.
We do not make, do not intend to make, and disclaims any representation, warranty, or
promise of any kind, including any representation, warranty, or promise as to the truth,
accuracy, and completeness of the information contained in this document or on the web
site, etc.
We do not warrant that the estimated present value of the SCC token, the information
provided by us, and any information that may be obtained by the purchaser from the SCC
token will conform to the specific purpose of the purchaser, have the expected function,
merchandising value, accuracy, usefulness, and completeness, that the purchase of the
SCC token will conform to applicable laws, regulations, or internal rules of trade associations
applicable to the purchaser, will not cause any defects, and will resolve any problems related
to the SCC token.
We and our related companies shall not be liable for any damages incurred by the
purchaser in connection with the purchase of the SCC token.
In accordance with the provisions of the Consumer Contract Act and other reasons, where
we or our related companies are liable to the purchaser for damages, the scope of the
liability shall be limited to direct and ordinary damages actually incurred due to a reason
attributable to us or our related companies, and the upper limit of the amount of such
damages shall be the purchase price of the SCC token by the purchaser.
The purchaser shall be responsible for any taxes (including but not limited to consumption
tax, sales tax, use tax, value added tax, etc.) imposed on the purchase of the SCC token.
It is also the responsibility of the purchaser to withhold and collect the correct tax amount,
report it, and pay it properly.
We will not be responsible for the withholding, collection, reporting or payment of taxes on
the purchase of the SCC token.
Representations and Warranties of the SCC token purchaser
In purchasing the SCC token, the purchaser represents and warrants to us that:
■ The purchaser is not subject to the purchase restrictions set forth in the " Restrictions on
purchasers " and has the authority and full capacity to lawfully purchase the SCC token.
■ The purchaser shall fully understand “Risks of purchasing the SCC token” set forth

!39

above and any other risks and disadvantages associated with purchasing the SCC token,
and shall purchase the SCC token with the responsibility to determine whether the purchase
of the SCC token is appropriate to the purchaser.
■The purchaser purchases the SCC token on its own behalf and does not act as an agent for
any third party.
■The purchaser agrees and acknowledges that the SCC token does not constitute any form
of securities in purchaser's jurisdictions
■The purchaser agrees and acknowledges that it is not intended that the promotional
activities for the SCC token will not result in the solicitation of securities or investment in
securities in the purchaser's territory.
■Purchase of the SCC token is not prohibited or restricted by any law or regulation in the
purchaser's territory.
If purchase or ownership of the SCC token is restricted, the purchaser shall comply with any
such restriction at its own expense and without incurring any liability to us and our related
companies
■The purchaser agrees and acknowledges that at the time of purchasing the SCC token, the
SCC token will not be classified or treated in any of the following;
- Virtual currency prescribed in Article 2, Paragraph 5 of the Payment Services Act
- Means of payment in advance prescribed in Article 3, Paragraph 1 of the Payment Services
Act
- Legal currency or deemed currency prescribed by Japan or any other State
- Bonds issued by us or our related companies
- Shares and other controlling interests issued by us or our related companies
- Any right, option or derivative instrument in respect of any such bond, share or share
certificate
- Rights under CDF contracts or other contracts for the purpose of securing profits or
avoiding losses.
- Equity in collective investment schemes
- Equity in a business trust
- Derivatives for equity interests in business trusts and any other types of securities
■The purchaser fully understands the operation, function, use, storage, transmission
mechanism and other significant features of virtual currency, blockchain based software
systems, virtual currency wallets or other relevant token storage mechanisms, block chain
technology and smart contract technology.
■The purchaser fully understands the risks associated with us or our business and
operations.
■The purchaser agrees and acknowledges that we and our related companies shall not be
liable for any indirect, extraordinary, contingent, consequential or other loss of any kind
(including without limitation, loss of revenue, income or profit and loss of inability or data)
arising out of or in connection with the purchaser's purchase of the SCC token, whether in
tort, contract or otherwise.
■The purchaser will not use the SCC token for any unlawful conduct, including but not
limited to money laundering and terrorist financing.
■We and our related companies shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever incurred by
the purchaser with respect to the matters represented and warranted by the purchaser and
any other risks and disadvantages associated with the purchase of the SCC token explained
to the purchaser, for any reason whatsoever, and the purchaser shall hold us and our related
companies harmless from these matters.

!40

