All Coins. One Platform.
An in-depth solution to solve the liquidity problem
STeX.Exchange is the first cryptocurrency exchange with automated
liquidity aggregation, powered with innovative A2A technology, where you
can change ANY listed coin to ANY other listed coin, directly in one trade.

Revision 1.43

https://stex.exchange

Contents
1. The Problem

3

2. The Solution

4

3. The Technology

6

4. Market Analysis

8

5. Competitors

11

6. Road Map

18

7. A2A Technology

21

8. A2A Tokens

22

9. A2A Token Holders' Benefits

24

10. A2A Token ICO

25

11. Use of ICO Funds

27

12. Legalization

28

13. The Team

29

14. Advisors

32

15. The Project

34

16. FAQ: How it Works

37

1

The Problem
The cryptocurrency world has experienced such an enormous and
explosive growth in recent years that no existing crypto exchange is
capable of managing it. One coin may be trading on one exchange while another coin may be trading on another, but there is no one place
for all coins. STeX provides that one platform to trade all existing
coins; we know exactly how to make this a reality.

1.1 The liquidity problem
Many coins and tokens suffer from one big problem – a lack of liquidity. This
leads to enormous implications for active traders. No known exchange shows the
calculations regarding available volume at a specific price; this is valuable
information for high volume traders. Without this information, a reasonably large
volume trader cannot make a truly informed decision. The scourge of the modern
exchange is terrible liquidity. This is exactly where we deploy our private
algorithms and technical solutions - to solve this problem.
Have you tried to switch between coins, following trends in emerging tokens ?

1.2 Missed opportunities

Imagine, you have coin A and a nice opportunity to sell it at a profit and at the
same time, you wish to buy a new promising token - coin B. The only problem:
they are traded (or have the best rates) on different exchanges. To take advantage
of the opportunity, you must finish the first trade, then transfer your assets from
one exchange to another - wasting days (the world is fast nowadays, remember?)
and potentially missing the brilliant opportunity to raise money - all because of
current market insufficiency.

2

The Solution
2.1 Solving the liquidity problem
With our unique HFT algorithms, originally developed to work on traditional stock
exchanges, we can solve this problem: providing access to all trading possibilities
from one trading platform and one trading account - in the blink of an eye.

2.1.1 Liquidity aggregation
One of our solutions to solve the liquidity problem is to aggregate offers from
many other exchanges in one place. Big orders will be executed on STeX at better
prices thanks to the automatic collection of all of the best offers from various
exchanges.

2.1.2 Liquidity pool creation (collected on ICO)
One of the main reasons to collect more funds during an ICO is the ability to
strengthen the project's own liquidity pool. This means that a significant amount
of cryptocurrency will be available as bid and ask offers on the STeX exchange
from the very beginning - with fast execution.

2.1.3 Liquidity providers
On top of that, STeX will be offering direct access through fast API protocols to
those who want to provide liquidity to the STeX exchange, allowing them to
trade without any commission. For all such trades, commissions will be taken
from a counterparty willing to buy or sell at the offered price.

If any two coins are listed on STeX, you can trade one against the other directly

2.2.1 Built-in cross rate support
Our special A2A decentralized technology gives STeX the ability to support
hundreds of thousands of cross rates simultaneously - an ability no other
exchange has at the moment. More importantly, this means full featured support including a much wider variety of trading abilities such as; trailing stop loss
orders, take profit orders, charts and much more. All of the features you find on
STeX will be available across any trading pair, too.

No more missed opportunities! Switch between any
altcoin immediately and pick up all of the profits!

3

The Technology
3.1 Decentralization
STeX's own cloud cluster is physically hosted in many countries to prevent the
possibility of downtime due to real-world/technological attacks or failures.

3.2 Crypto-security
All STeX systems are encrypted and cannot be accessed without proper
authorization from STeX.

The project's main funds - including users’ funds - are stored in cold wallets, not
vulnerable to online attacks.

3.3 Speed
Superfast cloud processing core - internal trades are completed in the blink of an
eye.

3.4 Horizontal scaling
Our A2A decentralized technology allows us to support thousands of cross rates
simultaneously.

Behind our system lie years of experience in trading on the world's largest stock
exchanges and countless hours developing trading algorithms for private hedgefunds and brokers.
This unique combination of understanding end-user needs, knowledge of how to
build infrastructure capable of delivering services to millions of users, teamed
with sophisticated HTF market-making algorithms - ensures that the project will
be successful while being difficult to imitate, if someone wishes to compete.

4

Market analysis
Cryptocurrency Market Caps (Historical)
coin.dance

Altcoin Market Cap

Bitcoin Market Cap

Since 2012, the cryptocurrency market has been picking up speed, ramping up
exponentially within the past 3 years.

4.1 Current metrics
At the time of writing, the market capitalization for all cryptocurrencies is at
$168.72 billion and there are approximately 330k confirmed transactions per day,
with some predicting a possible increase to a $200 billion market cap by the end
of 2017.
As of October 2017, between $1-4 billion is traded through cryptocurrency
exchanges daily. While it is difficult to pinpoint exactly how many traders are
currently out there, a global cryptocurrency benchmarking study by the
Cambridge Centre for Alternative Finance representing roughly 75% of the
industry, estimates that there are at least 3 million people actively trading
Bitcoin today - while data from other sources, such as Coinbase and ARK Research,
estimate that there are between 10-14 million Bitcoin owners worldwide.

The Cryptocurrency Universe

$0,3B

$0,6B

$0,9B

B YT E CO I N
2012

M O N E RO
2014

D 0 G E CO I N
2013

$1,3B

$36.7B

$0,9B

L I T E CO I N
2011

DA S H
2014

$1,8B

$6,1B

NEM
2015

8 0 0 OT H E R
A LTCO I N S

B I TCO I N
2009

$0,4B

$10.9B
RIPPLE
2012

S T E L LA R
LUMENS
2014

$15.4B
ETHEREUM
2015

$1.4B
ETHEREUM
C LA S S I C
2016

Altcoins now account for around 50% of the the worldwide cryptocurrency market
capitalization. As of January 1st 2017, the Altcoin market cap was at around $2.18
billion, rising 34 times to $74.39 billion as of October 2017. The Bitcoin market
cap rose to $94.34 billion from $16.28 billion - rising just under 6 times in the
same period.
The market continues to evolve. It now requires a single platform that will allow
high liquidity for a variety of crypto assets, as well as efficiently provide an interoperable trading environment - saving on time and compounding fees from
multi-step trades. We plan to satiate this need by offering 10,000 trading pairs
across the top 100 cryptocurrencies at launch on one platform - all with the
lowest rates available.

4.2 Projections
While it is extremely difficult to predict the growth of the cryptocurrency market,
2017 has been a demonstrative year in the growth potential of cryptocurrencies
as inventive blockchain solutions, innovative DAOs and awareness of smart
contract applications in the real world continue to drive momentum.
According to an analyst at Saxo Bank, the Bitcoin market cap could hit 1.75
trillion in 10 years, with its price reaching $100,000. The estimate is that
cryptocurrencies will account for 10% of the average daily trade volume of all fiat
trade by 2027. Foreign exchange ADV currently stands at $5 trillion and we can
follow growth estimates to assume that cryptocurrencies could account for $500
billion by that time.

Average daily trading volume in 2017: $2.1 Billion
Projected daily trading volume in 2027: $500 Billion

5

Competitors
Through the extensive and ongoing analysis of either direct
competitors, similarly featured platforms or exchanges with the highest
trading volume for the last 6 months - we have been able to gain
insight into what works for successful exchanges and what the
expectation and community feedback are regarding desired features,
incorporating these into the STeX development cycle to stay
competitive and relevant.
This undertaking has given us great understanding of the perceived
‘ideal trading platform’, allowing us to work towards perfecting our
offering and meeting the crypto community's needs.

5.1 List of competitors
From our own collective experience as traders and from research into product
whitepapers, public opinion and promotional materials - we have narrowed down
what we think are the most relevant strengths, weaknesses, threats and
differentiators (USPs) for each of our competitors.
The list collated here is a mix of decentralized, hybrid and centralized exchanges
with varying service offerings and product features.
Some of the most compelling features of the fastest growing and most
innovative cryptocurrency exchanges of recent times - include being
decentralized/offering ‘trustless’ trading, having a high liquidity pool or access to
fast order processing.
Unfortunately, many of these features are seemingly mutually exclusive across
competing exchanges. We are proud to be working closely with industry experts
and the growing STeX community alike, to incorporate these much desired
features into one system for the STeX project.

5.1.1 Top 10 analysis: jurisdiction, number of coins, number
of pairs, fiat D/W, AML/limits, commissions

Hybrid - Combining the speed centralized exchange with
the secure account management of a decentralized one.

No. of coins: over 100
Trading Pairs: over 10,000
Fiat Deposit / Withdrawal: No
AML Limits: None
Deposit Fees: No
Withdrawal Fees: No
Trading Fees: 0.2%
Listed conditions are subject to change in case
of market conditions, competitors’ actions, AML
rules, etc.

EtherDelta (Decentralized)
Jurisdiction: Blockchain
No. of coins: 148
Trading Pairs: 667
Fiat Deposit / Withdrawal: No
AML Limits: None
Deposit Fees: 0.0001 - 0.0003 ETH
Withdrawal Fees: 0.0001 - 0.0002 ETH
Trading Fees: 0.0002 - 0.0003 ETH
Strengths

Weaknesses

- Transparency
- No registration
required
- Secure & limitless

- High trading costs
- Non-instant trades
- Thin order books

Threats

Differentiators

- Fees and features not
competitive with other
exchanges
- No innovative
technology to boost
liquidity

- Trustless trading
- Open source and
verifiable

Strengths

Weaknesses

- Speed & security
- All trading pairs, one platform
- Best rates, aggregated from
other exchanges
-built in trading robots
-most advanced API
for algo-trading
-another exchanges' API
supported for the old robots
-simple separate interface
for the newbies

- Our contigency funds
and ‘survival mode’ will
have to be deployed if
we are unable to gain
significant market share

Threats

Differentiators

- If the crypto market
stagnates or declines
- If crypto/exchanges face
worldwide regulation

- Exchange aggregation
- Lowest rates, highest
liquidity

KYBER NETWORK (Decentralized)
Jurisdiction: Singapore
No. of coins: ‘Popular and high volume coins'
Trading Pairs: Supporting many arbitrary pairs
will require many funds in reserve.
Fiat Deposit / Withdrawal: No
AML Limits: KYC Compliant
Deposit Fees: N/A (P2P transactions)
Withdrawal Fees: N/A (P2P transactions)
Trading Fees: No
Strengths

Weaknesses

- Good advisory
board/partnerships
- Proxy / cross chain
payment

- Requires high
participation from
reserve providers to
enable high liquidity.
- Q1 2018 Initial release
features only 5-10 tokens
from a single central
reserve

Threats
- Rogue reserve
managers
- Unknown and off-chain
policing process

Differentiators
- Trustless
- Instant on-chain order
fulfilment

BITTREX (Centralized)

BINANCE (Centralized)
Jurisdiction: China
No. of coins: 35
Trading Pairs: 64
Fiat Deposit/ Withdrawal: No
AML Limits: 2 BTC daily limit for non-verified
accounts, 50 BTC daily limit for accounts
enhanced verification.
Deposit Fees: No
Withdrawal Fees: 0 - 0.6%
Trading Fees: 0.01%
Strengths

Weaknesses

- Strong online
community
- Solid team with track
record
- No fiat (bypassing
current legislation)

- Limited pairing
- No stop loss
- Low trade volume

Threats
- Change in legislations

Differentiators
- Trustless
- Fast order fulfilment
thanks to innovative
infrastructure

Jurisdiction: USA
No. of coins: 200
Trading Pairs: 537
Fiat Deposit/ Withdrawal: No
AML Limits: Two account types. Limits are between
3 BTC and 100 BTC depending on level of identity
verification, enhanced requiring public record
verification and scans for proof of address.
Deposit Fees: No
Withdrawal Fees: No
Trading Fees: 0.25% of trading profits
Strengths

Weaknesses

- Holders of New York’s
‘bitlicense’ (legally
compliant with local
legislation)
- Extensive trading pairs
- Easy to use

- Mixed user experience
- Service restrictions to some
regions
- Long verification process or
not accepting new users at all
- Overloaded
- shows delayed data in the
interface most of the time

Threats
- Loss of user base from
bad PR

Differentiators
- Algorithmic trading

OKCOIN (Centralized)

BITFINEX (Centralized)
Jurisdiction: Taiwan
No. of coins: 20
Trading Pairs: 44
Fiat Deposit/ Withdrawal: No - Pressure from
Taiwanese banks
AML Limits: Limitless fiat withdrawals are AML ,
KYC and CTF compliant requiring government ID and
proof of address.
Deposit Fees: No
Withdrawal Fees: No
Trading Fees: 0 - 0.2%

Jurisdiction: China
No. of coins: 5
Trading Pairs: 15
Fiat Deposit/ Withdrawal: Yes
AML Limits : $50,000 maximum daily cap requiring
photo id and proof of residence for higher tiers.
$10,000 or more in deposits may be subject to
enhanced due diligence checks.
Deposit Fees: No
Withdrawal Fees: 0.01%, minimum $15
Trading Fees: 0.05 - 0.2%

Strengths

Weaknesses

Strengths

Weaknesses

- OTC services
- Margin/leveraged
trading
- Mobile app

- Limited tokens and
pairs offered
- Slow/expensive fiat
depositing option
- Restrictions on some
countries

- Advanced security
measures
- Advanced order types
- Good liquidity

- Limited tokens and
pairs offered
- Limited support
intenationally

Threats

Differentiators

- Legislation change
in China
-Allegations of price/
volume manipulation

- Leverage management
tools

Threats
- Multiple hacks reducing
user confidence in
service

Differentiators
- Variety of order types

BITSTAMP (Centralized)

COINBASE (Centralized)

Jurisdiction: Slovenia / UK
No. of coins: 4
Trading Pairs: 12
Fiat Deposit/ Withdrawal: Yes
AML Limits: No limit requiring proof of ID and
residence, conforming to AML legislation in the
regions in which it operates.
Deposit Fees: No
Withdrawal Fees: No
Trading Fees: 0.25 - 0.1%

Jurisdiction: USA
No. of coins: 3
Trading Pairs: 9
Fiat Deposit/ Withdrawal: Yes
AML Limits: $10,000 maximum daily cap, with
greater limit allowances requiring photo id, proof
of address and government ID.
Deposit Fees: Yes
Withdrawal Fees: Yes
Trading Fees: 1% Fixed

Strengths

Weaknesses

Strengths

Weaknesses

- No trading or d/w limits
- Mobile application
- Fast service

- Limited tokens and
pairs offered
- Mixed user reviews
- High fees

- Current largest Bitcoin
broker
- Fast fiat conversion

- Limited tokens and
pairs offered
- Very stringent KYC/AML
procedures

Threats
- May fail to retain users as
more competitive exchanges
enter the market
- Banks sometimes do not
accept transfers from
Bitstamp because of the lack
of a proper license for crypto

Differentiators
- The oldest and most
stable exchange

Threats
- Strict conformity to
governmental legislation
and traditional banking
systems

KRAKEN (Centralized)
Jurisdiction: USA
No. of coins: 25
Trading Pairs: 73
Fiat Deposit/ Withdrawal: Yes
AML Limits: 3 tiers of withdrawal limits based on
clearing different 'tiers' of verification, ranging from
$20k-$200k monthly, requiring photo id, government
id and proof of address for the highest tier.
Deposit Fees: Yes, in some cases
Withdrawal Fees: Yes
Trading Fees: 0 - 0.26%
Strengths

Weaknesses

- Holders of New York’s
‘bitlicense’ (legally
compliant with local
legislation)
- Extensive trading pairs
- Easy to use

- Mixed user experience
- Service restrictions to
some regions
- Long verification
process

Threats

Differentiators

- Loss of user base from
bad PR

- Algorithmic trading

Differentiators
- High liquidity in ETH,
BTC and LTC markets

EIDOO (Hybrid)
Jurisdiction: Switzerland
No. of coins: Bitcoin, Ethereum
Trading Pairs: Undisclosed
Fiat Deposit/ Withdrawal: Yes
AML Limits: Must conform to AML / KYC
regulations.
Deposit Fees: Competitive
Withdrawal Fees: Competitive
Trading Fees: Competitive
Strengths

Weaknesses

- Embedded token
system (funding)
- User-friendly wallet
app

- A 'jack of all trades'
solution that doesn't
have pro-spec exchange
functionality

Threats

Differentiators

- Many partnerships and
3rd parties will be relied
on to provide full
functionality, any of
which could fail or halt
services

- Combined wallet &
exchange features
- Cross-chain trades

5.2 Comparison with STeX
Ad
d
Tra
ir
Pa

un

Pros

Cons

>10000

Highest possible

- Lowest possible bid/ask spreads in the
industry
- Bid/ask size automatic calculation
- Stop/limit/conditional orders
- Best prices available across other
exchanges

- Restricts US and Hong Kong citizens
because of SEC and SFC regulation

n/a

Good

- High Liquidity
- Fast exchange
- Good team and
advisory board

- Requires good partcipation from reserve
providers to enable high liquidity
- Limited tokens on release

64

Industry Average

- Fast order processing
- Multi-language support
- All major coins available

- Lower trade volume comparitively
- Few available order types

325

Low

- Limitless trading
- No registration/censorship protection

- Low liquidity
- Lacks advanced features

60

Industry Average

- Supported by crypto community
- Several payment options available
- Focus on privacy

- Low trading volumes
- Slow transaction speed
- Not designed for active trading
- User experience mostly aimed at coders/
devs

4

Industry Average

- Low trading volumes
- Liquidity will be low until exchange
picks up momentum

- Well designed platform
- Low commisons
- Fast conversions

n/a

Good

- Transparent environment
- Strong personnel
- Broker-less trading

- Liquidity is dependant upon ICO
soft-funding target being reached
- Does not facilitate ‘coin-to-coin’ trades
- Reliability on Ethereum blockchain
(transaction speeds)

n/a

Good

- Multi-currency/asset wallet
- Debit Card accepted
- Supports all ERC20 tokens

Lack of focus - an 'all-in-one' platform that
may have missing exchange functionality for
pro traders

537

Below Average

- Large number of trading pairs
- High volumes

- Long verification/support ticket time
- Mixed user reviews

44

Industry Average

- High USD Liquidity
- Low Fees
- All order types and margin trading

- Not a transparent company
- Reputation loss due to hack

13

Industry Average

- Easy layout and functionality
- Good liquidity
- Futures & leverages on LTC/BTC

- The Chinese crypto market is under
increased scrutiny/regulatory changes

12

Below Average

- Good reputation
- Easy and quick to use

- Supports only BTC/FIAT trades
- Negative user experiences reported
- Higher fees if you are trading low
- Hacked Jan 2015

9

Industry Average

- Newbie friendly
- Integrated debit/credit cards

- Major user privacy violations
- Puts investors before customers

73

Industry Average

- High liquidity in EUR markets
- Margin trading supported

- Slight volume lag in BTC/USD
- Weak support for mobile platforms
- No "advanced" orders (stop-loss etc.)
- Has uptime problems when market gets hot

s

ds

ve

g

ing

din

ati

eF

riv

ing

dg

De

tra

rad
nT

ced

rgi

He

Ma

van

STEX

Liquidity

Hybrid

KYBER
NETWORK
Decentralized

BINANCE
Decentralized

ETHERDELTA
Decentralized

BITSQUARE
Decentralized

QVOLTA
Decentralized

SPECTRE
Decentralized

EIDOO
Hybrid

BITTREX
Centralized

BITFINEX
Centralized

OKCOIN
Centralized

BITSTAMP
Centralized

COINBASE
Centralized

KRAKEN
Centralized

5.3 Competitive Advantages
The STeX system is built in such a way as to enable it to co-exist with other
exchanges, creating a symbiotic relationship where a 3rd party exchange will
benefit from STeX’s utilization of its markets, through its own fee structure.
We are, therefore, not in direct competition with traditional crypto exchanges and
actually help to strengthen their trading volume and liquidity.

STeX.exchange provides:
Real-world financial instruments never before seen in crypto exchanges
The highest liquidity of any cryptocurrency exchange
The best rates available, aggregating from all major exchanges
10,000 cross rates between the top 100 coins in final release
Access to advanced order types and intuitive trade automation tools
‘Trustless’ trading - our exchange operators have 0 access to your account
funds

A proven track record across our team/advisory board and a historical
competence in providing market-leading products prove our competence around
complex issues of scalability, security and data management - all of which have
been addressed as part of an extensive R&D process over the past 18 months.
Here, we illustrate a direct comparison between STeX and Binance, whose success
in gaining market share through optimization of user experience, integration of
high performance order settlement technology and promotions for zero fees has
earned them significant market share within a short time span, something we are
looking to emulate with our offering.

Direct comparison with Binance
Binance

STeX

Evaluation

Founders /
team members

Successful
entrepreneurial
experience, a wide
network in the crypto
community

Successful
entrepreneurial
experience, has done
large-scale systems,
traditional financial
background

On par

Worldwide
availability

Available worldwide

Available worldwide

On par

Currencies

Dozens of tokens
supported

over 100 most popular
tokens

STeX winner

Reduce trading fees by
50% using token

Reduce trading fees by
50% using A2A token
Special commission-free
order types for all users

STeX winner

Good

Automatic exchange
aggregation patterns,
liquidity excellent

STEX winner

Language support for
all major languages

All major languages
will be supported

On par

Has been operating for
three months as of date
of this writing

2018 Q1 Alpha release

Binance

Trading fees
discount

Liquidity

Multilingual

Exchange

6

Road Map
August, 2017
Crowdfunding

We have already created a new concept of exchange system and basic
market-making algorithms, differentiating our project from any other
in the current market. The key advantage of the STeX platform is our
HFT algorithms - uniquely positioning us to provide more liquidity on
a coin-to-coin exchange than has ever been seen from a single
platform. This will result in much narrower spreads for the end user
between buy and sell offers; furthermore, this will enable them the
ability to trade much larger amounts from a single trading account.
Our DEEP blockchain visualizer
https://deep.stex.exchange
and AML/KYC investigation tool was
released on August, 23rd - deep.stex.exchange
September, 2017
Crowdfunding hard
capped at 15,000 ETH

October, 2017
Modules development

Crowdfunding reached the maximum limit of 15,000 ETH

A separate module of the STeX system was developed and
released as a fully functional
https://gateway.SteX.exchange
additional service at
gateway.SteX.exchange - an Instant Exchange Gateway. An
improved whitepaper was published and official explainer videos
have been released. All systems are revised and corrected
according to advisors and community feedback.
November, 2017
Crowdfunding
stage 2

High speed API, internal algorithms and protocols are ready.
Crowdfunding stage 2 starts.

December, 2017
Alpha
development

Within the next two months, the system's core with all the
algorithms will be ready and tested under load. At this stage, we
will also invite users to join STeX testers' program.

February, 2018
Front-end
Production

A new adaptive layout interface has been developed. The internal
modules development has been completed; 20 main blockchains
were connected to the system using STeX's own nodes. The final
stage of the development has begun.

March, 2018

STeX Exchange Alpha was released on March 27, 2018 14:00 GMT.
Users can sing up and trade on
the exchange. Mobile interface
https://gateway.SteX.exchange
development is in progress. Public API development is in
progress.

April, 2018

External liquidity aggregation has been launched, additional coins
and tokens are being listed on the
exchange.
https://gateway.SteX.exchange

May 1, 2018
A2A tokens ICO

STeX A2A ICO is scheduled for May 1, 2018.
Do not miss the opportunity to get A2A tokens with the maximum
bonuses from the very beginning and eliminate huge trading
commissions! Unlock professional features on STeX holding A2A
tokens. Get 50% discount on fees paid in A2A tokens. Enjoy tier
structure discount system based on A2A accounting.

Q2, 2018
Beta release

A user-friendly web-based client with the highest level of security
access control - taken from real world trading terminals - will
provide instant access to the biggest choice of coins and tokens
with worldwide best bid & ask. The key concept is this - you'll
need just one account to get access to thousands of markets and
trading pairs at the lowest rates. Behind the scenes is a fully
automated system that takes care of all details. You can choose
either segregated storage under your full control and protection
or a common account - giving you maximum flexibility and
leverage.

Q3, 2018

Final release development, additional trading tools and services
are included in the system.

7

A2A Technology
Our A2A decentralized technology allows us to support thousands of
cross rates simultaneously with efficient resource usage. We process all
cross-rates in A2A Cloud, with virtually unlimited ability of horizontal
scaling.

Imagine an orchestra with a conductor. Each instrument is a separate
coin server, playing its own part in the symphony.
The core (conductor) makes them all work together perfectly
synchronized. If the core is down, this role is transferred to a spare
conductor waiting nearby, or even to one of the musicians.
If some musicians are not fast enough to play all the tunes in time, we
can add another with the same instrument to share the task. Each task
is totally independent and can be performed on a separate server, or if
needed, on hundreds of such servers. All that is automated in the STeX
Cloud.
A2A tokens are used as an intermediary to evaluate every listed coin
and create a matching pair of orders in the system's core.

8

A2A Tokens
A2A tokens are used as an intermediary in every trade on STeX using A2A
technology. The problem is that while working with hundreds of different assets,
you need a measurement system to evaluate all the tokens in order to create
cross-rates, calculate commissions and do all the internal accounting. So, we used
an additional token for that purpose. It was designed with self-balancing supply
capabilities ruled by the smart contract on the Ethereum network.
Furthermore, we have a promotional system to attract users and make their
trading activities more profitable (especially, for active traders who may suffer
from turnaround commissions).
By mixing these two concepts together, we have created a STeX utility token
named A2A after the technology Any2Any we invented and used to create 10,000
cross-rates.
The additional utility function of this token is to provide an easy to account tier
system for commission discount for all users on the STeX exchange. There are no
passive income opportunities, no profit sharing in the A2A token, and, at the same
time, it should be very attractive for the users to buy, use and hold in order to get
extra discounts and unlock the professional features on STeX. This will only be
available for professional traders with a sufficient amount of commissions paid
to the system.
The A2A tokens supply available during the ICO is limited by 500,000,000 A2A
tokens. In case of hard-cap, an additional 100,000,000 will be issued for the
project owners, bounty, airdrops, partners and liquidity pool. Please see chapter
10 for details. The project has all the funds required for completion and almost
any amount of the A2A tokens in the circulation is good for the system beause of
the self-balancing feature. However, we set up a soft cap of 2,000 ETH for the
ICO: if the equivalent in accepted coins and tokens raised during the ICO is less
than 2,000 ETH, the current A2A token accounting system will be cancelled and
current tokens will be locked and reported as "not valid" or deleted (if possible).
In this case, all the coins and tokens, which we have received from the
participants and which need to be exchanged to A2A tokens, will be sent back to
the participants' accounts (if sent through using STeX Exchange accounts) or
ethereum addresses (if sent through using an ETH wallet) in the same amount
and form we received them.

A2A tokens will give users an opportunity to reduce their trading fees by up to
50% through paying commissions with it, and will increase users' discount based
on the amount of the commissions paid to the system and the length of time the
token is held in the account. As a proof of concept, you can look at BNB, the
Binance token that has a similar structure and purpose.
To match cryptocurrency market growth and provide additional long-term
stability to the token, we also have a mechanism that balances the prices of the
A2A token.

From every commission paid to STeX, 70% of A2A are sold on the open market at
current prices and become STeX's income. The remaining 30% are immediately
transferred to the smart-contract known as A2A SHOP to be sold from that
contract at the all-time high price, 0.1% higher than the previous sale from the
contract. The funds from the sales of A2A tokens via the smart contract are
accounted for as STeX income. It is almost as effective a price balancing system
as in BNB token (which can be unstable, as the exchange may have expenses
exceeding collected commissions) it is linked to the total trading amount on the
STeX platform.
When the price of A2A goes down (and it will at some point, as it is a free
market), the circulation supply will be temporarily reduced every day by the 30%
from daily commissions paid to the exchange. Lower A2A prices will result in
bigger absolute amounts of A2A transferred to the smart contract. In an extreme
case, the demand for A2A, can exceed the total circulation supply and the price
will immediately rise to the level of the current sale price in the A2A SHOP. This
system gives us an assurance that any A2A dump will be simply a perfect trading
opportunity, and the token itself might become a very attractive trading
instrument.
The A2A token has 8 decimals.

9

A2A Token Holders'
Benefits
A2A token holders can get a discount of up to 50% if they pay fees on STeX
platform in A2A tokens from their internal A2A balance.
In the first year of operations, ALL users will get a 50% discount regardless of
the conditions, and in the following years such unconditional discount will be
as follows:
Default discount for all
users

Maximum Discount

Year 1

50%

50%

Year 2

35%

50%

Year 3

25%

50%

Year 4

20%

50%

Year 5
and over

10%

50%

Unlike some similar tokens (BNB, for example) A2A tokens will never lose all
their discount potential and will stay attractive for the users. The maximum
50% discount will always be available for the users meeting special conditions
to unlock higher discount rates, like the amount and time the A2A tokens are
held, the amount of daily and/or monthly commissions paid, etc.
Additionally, we expect A2A token to be seen as an attractive short- and longterm trading asset, which will increase the demand as well.

10

A2A Token ICO

10.1 ICO Terms And Conditions
The rules, the conditions and the duration of each of the ICO Stages will be
described at https://stex.exchange/ico
before the beginning of the each stage. All
http://stex.exchange/stecalculator
Ethereum transactions in the amount less than 0.1 ETH will be rejected by our
smart-contract.
A2A is a native token in STeX platform; the safest way to keep them is to hold
them on the STeX exchange account (full KYC verification is recommended). Also,
the A2A tokens are issued on the Ethereum blockchain by the ERC20 smartcontract during the ICO in exchange of ETH received by the smart-contract, and
will be sent to your address immediately after the ETH transfer within same
transaction.
Also, youhttp://stex.exchange/stecalculator
can buy A2A tokens with Bitcoins, Dash, zCash, or any other token or coin
listed on STeX.Exchange at the moment of the transaction, using instructions on
the https://stex.exchange/ico page. Tokens can be credited to your STeX account
or to your Ethereum address.
You can start using A2A tokens on your STeX account for paying commissions
with discount immediately after it after it is credited with A2A tokens. However,
free token transfers in blockchain are restricted until the end of the ICO.

10.2 ICO Tokens distribution

In addition to the amount of the A2A tokens exchanged during the ICO process
for the different cryptocurrencies and tokens, 10% of such exchanged amount of
A2A tokens will be issued and distributed between STeX project owners.
On top of the described amount, 10% of the amount of the A2A tokens exchanged
during the ICO process are issued for bounty, airdrops, advisors and strategic
partners of the STeX project.
The minimum amount of 200,000,000 A2A tokens must be exchanged during the
ICO. If the desired amount will not be reached during the ICO, the liquidity pool
will be topped up with all additionally issued A2A tokens remained to reach this
200,000,000 limit and will be reserved in the liquidity pool for the future
distributions in response to the future userbase growth.
5% of the total final supply will be issued to the liquidity pool on STeX Exchange
and other exchanges to provide sufficient liquidity for A2A tokens on the market.
This distribution of the 5% to the special external liquidity reserve pool is valid
only until there are available undistributed tokens at the end of the ICO. So, in
case of high demand there would be no tokens distributed to the external
liquidity reserve pool because in this case there would be enough tokens in
circulation in the system and we do not need such a pool.
Considering all the above, the total number of the A2A tokens available for
exchange during the ICO is 500,000,000. The maximum total supply in case the
ICO will be hard-capped is 600,000,000 A2A tokens.

11

Use of ICO Funds
Below is the intended use of funds collected during the ICO. It is based
on the assumption that at least 30,000 ETH will be collected during
the ICO. Final proportions may differ due to the fixed costs in some
cases.

25% - Liquidity pool
15% - Research, development
and infrastructure
10% - Legalization
20% - Project marketing (partnership
program, bounty program, special
promotion campaigns, corporate
promotional activities)
15% - ICO marketing (partnership
program, bounty program, special
promotion campaigns, existing
agreements)
10% - A2A liquidity pool
5% - Contingency fund

Liquidity pool

Legalization

Project marketing

A2A liquidity pool

Research & development

Contingency fund

ICO marketing

12

Legalization

Smart Token Exchange Ltd was incorporated in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines,
due it being the fastest jurisdiction in which to incorporate that kind of business.
However, to be able to make fiat deposits and withdrawals, we need to
incorporate legal entities in the EU, USA and many other countries, and get all
the necessary licenses according to the local laws and regulations.

We expect this process to be completed in 3-5 years from
launch. Many procedures must be in place including well
trained staff to fit regulators’ requirements.

13

The Team
We are trading professionals with years of experience in developing
sophisticated trading algorithms for private hedge funds and brokers.
We have a profound understanding of all the needs of professional
traders and we are not satisfied by what we can get out of the current
market state in cryptocurrency exchange and trading.
We are a strong and experienced team both in technical terms and in building
successful startups. Each member has a unique character trait that, when
combined together with those of other members, creates a perfect synergy. This
ensures that the probability of our success is very high. We have years of
demonstratable experience in this field and are eager to put that to use in the
ambitious STeX project.

Nicholas
Price
CEO and CTO

36 years old. A founder of the renowned KeyCAPTCHA (www.keycaptcha.com)
www.keycaptcha.com
which was a candidate for buyout by Google, Nick worked as a technical director,
architect and a team lead. Since its creation in October 2010, KeyCAPTCHA
project has had 99.99% uptime to date. It has more than 40 million users a
month and protects more than 20,000 sites from spammers around the globe.
KeyCAPTCHA is being used by well-known companies such as TeamViewer, ESET,
BinDB, Bethesda (publisher of Fallout, Doom, Elder games), SamMobile (one of
the world's largest portals about smartphones).
A computer genius. Started programming when he was nine years old.
Programming Languages: C++ (GNU C, Watcom), C#, Assembler x86 (including x64,
SSE, MMX), Python, PHP, JavaScript, Transact SQL, SQL, ECLiPSe Prolog, MQL (4,5),
Delphi, HTML5, CSS3.
Database management systems: MS SQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB,
Cassandra, LevelDB, CouchDB. Including working with large volumes of data.

Web servers: Nginx, Apache. Virtualization: Microsoft Azure, VMWare, HYPER-V.
Other skills: NoSQL, MapReduce, Django and other Python frameworks, NodeJS,
jQuery, Bootstrap, Blockchain, Neural Networks, Parallel computing, Big Data, Data
Mining.
Large experience in developing cross-platform applications for Windows, Mac,
Linux and mobile applications for Android and iPhone.
Has experience in the design and implementation of highly loaded systems
(horizontal scaling - millions of users per day). Deep knowledge in the
development of cryptocurrency inter-exchange arbitration systems. Highly
experienced in management of large databases (billions of records, hundreds of
gigabytes).
From 2013 until present, Nick has been working on lead generation service in VK
social network (Electron(NodeJS) + Python(Django) + MySQL), as well as
optimizing high load systems to work with databases having billions of entries in
social graphs.

Ivan
Mityaev
CFO Compliance and
Legal Department

43 years old. CFO, Compliance and Legal Department, experience in crisis
management, building successful startups and marketing. In the last 10 years,
Ivan developed many projects from websites' networks to a vast variety of stock
trading instruments for private companies, including backtesters, statistical
analysis tools and so on. He also managed online retail distribution networks for
various businesses from 2008-2016. Ivan catches the gist on the fly, is absolutely
balanced emotionally and has the ability to focus on multiple tasks
simultaneously and find non-standard solutions.
Expert in market-making activities, development of HFT algorithms, stress testing
of trading systems, bias-free backtesting, practical knowledge of statistics,
quantitative trading methods, profound technical analysis, deep understanding of
market cycles, value and growth investor, algo-trader, php, c++ programmer.
Although Ivan does not tend to be a public person, some of his webinars on
statistical trading and practical use of genetic evolutionary algorithms in
developing trading systems can be found on YouTube.

Maksim
Vladykin
CPO and
Project Manager

Maxim is the person who will be responsible for timing, resources and the
projects’ risks. This is where he can be trusted - due to having over 12 years
experience in this field. It is important to note that all the projects for which Max
was responsible were all delivered on time and became profitable.
36 years old, project manager. He possesses the unique ability to systematize and
remediate chaos. He managed development teams for companies in various
fields; from web studios to the banking sector. He is the co-founder of
KeyCAPTCHA service. Max has known Nikolas Prays for 21 years and during this
period, an unprecedented level of mutual understanding has developed between
the two.
In KeyCAPTCHA, Max served as CBDO and Product manager. From the significant
achievements in the project, one can note the entry into the largest Russian
accelerator IIDF as well as buyout negotiations with Google.
Max also managed the development of a large banking software with distributed
database, which was successfully implemented and operated in 4 regions of
Russia, located at a distance of 4000 km from each other.
Expert: Team building, Project management, Scrum, Lean Startup, Help Desk, Risk
management, Team motivation, Conflict resolution.

14

Advisors
Serguei
Popov
Professor of the University of Campinas, Brazil
PHD in Math

Serguei Popov is also one of the founders of IOTA and WINGS projects.
He will advise on stochastic processes (in particular, discrete-time Markov chains
and Brownian motion) for market modeling.
Serguei is a research mathematician working in the field of Stochastic Processes
and living in Brazil. He became interested in crypto in the end of 2013, and made
a number of contributions to the theoretical aspects of the Nxt cryptocurrency
and PoS in general. More research publications from Prof. Popov can be found
here.

Mark
Zhong
Expert in Unix system, IT PM, MBA, Six Sigma Green
Belt Project Leader

More than 14 years UNIX admin and IT project management experience in
fortune 500 MNC (like HP).
Mark has experience in many big telecom level projects, based on Linux cluster
and Oracle DB to support up to 20 million users and above. Mark once played a
key role in a Hugh IT Data Center migration project in USA, where he helped to
move 5000 UNIX servers and 30 EMC storage clusters from San Jose to Vegas in 3
days.

Gigi
Janelidze
Expert in UI/UX and design
Ex Art Director / Lead Designer in Yandex.
Head and co-founder of the TOPOS Studio.

Gigi will advise STeX on how to build its tools and interfaces with a user-first
approach.
Gigi has a proven track record of bringing professional and engaging products to
life across many different industries. He is able to quickly detect potential
usability and UX issues at a glance even before a product goes out to testing - a
skill that STeX will make use of to consistently deliver top-notch products on or
before schedule. Gigi has worked closely with the STeX team already, delivering a
top-quality whitepaper and website design.

15

The Project

The key concept is this - you'll need just one account to get access to
thousands of markets and trading pairs at the lowest rates. Behind the
scenes is a fully automated system that takes care of all details. You
can choose either segregated storage under your full control and
protection or a common account - giving you maximum flexibility and
leverage.
Our idea is simple, yet extremely complex at the same time.
On one platform we will combine direct access to the top 100 coins with direct
cross-trades between any two of them, the ability to use your own cold wallets to
store your coins, and an automated system that will aggregate the liquidity from
the other exchanges as well. You can get speed and big liquidity of the
centralized exchanges, and the ability to trade from your cold wallets - using one
singe account at STeX exchange!

More importantly, we will bring freedom to traders by
providing them with the tools to choose any role they
desire in this new reality.

Whether you want a simple coin-to-coin exchange or intraday trading - we will
provide planet-wide best rates for thousands of trading pairs - as well as much
better liquidity than has ever been seen before. Our sophisticated arbitrage
algorithms and unique platform architecture make sure of it.
A user-friendly web-based interface with the highest level of security access
control, taken from real-world trading terminals, will provide instant access to
the biggest choice of coins and tokens with worldwide best bid & ask prices.

The business model is simple and more secure than most known blockchainbased projects.

Risk Disclosure
A2A tokens do not provide any passive income and are not any type of securities
or security derivatives. Additionally, purchase of the A2A tokens should not be
recognized as an "investment". However, following the legal advice we include
common risk disclosure for start-ups and crownfundings as we use collected
tokens and cryptocurrencies in the project's development:
Risk of default– failure of the investment project or business, typically start-ups
in the case of equity crowd-funding, or default in repayment of loans under P2P
lending which are commonly unsecured, which may lead to a total loss for
investors.
Risk of illiquidity and dilution of stock value– investors may have difficulty to
liquidate positions in their investment in crowd-funding as there may be little or
no secondary market for the investments involved. The value of shares issued in
the case of equity crowd-funding may be subject to dilution by further issuance.

Risk of platform failure/ insolvency– a crowd-funding platform may temporarily
or permanently shut down, may be hacked, and could become insolvent. This may
lead to a total loss of investment, in addition to loss of information.
Risk of fraud– due to the anonymity created by the online aspect of crowdfunding platforms, investments in crowd-funding activities could be subject to
higher risks of fraud in which case the investor may lose his/her investment in
entirety.
Platform operating outside of your country- if the crowd-funding platform is out
of the jurisdiction, investors may not enjoy the same protection under applicable
laws and regulations in your country.
Information asymmetry and lack of transparency– full and accurate information
on the investment or loan for the crowd-funding activity, including the project or
company in which the investment is made or the borrower’s profile, may not be
readily available on or fully verified by the crowd-funding platforms. Certain
platforms may also lack sufficient transparency, for example, as to the valuation
of an investment, and by withholding information (for instance about historic
default rates or costs). In addition, risks may not be fully disclosed even after an
investor has actually made an investment or become a member of the crowdfunding platform.
Cyber security– crowd-funding is vulnerable to the risk of cyber-attacks in view
of the online nature of crowd-funding. Such cyber-attacks may come in varied
forms, such as overloading a platform’s infrastructure, confusing accounts and/or
identity theft.
Illegal activities - platforms may be used to engage in illegal activities such as
money laundering or illegal commerce that could lead to regulatory action
including suspension by relevant law enforcement agencies. Depending on the
particular crowd-funding activity in question, it may also be subject to other nonsecurities related laws and regulations.

16

FAQ: How it Works
1

Which wallet should I use to store tokens?
A2A is a crosschain token issued on STeX platform and Ethereum
blockchain. Token holders can easily store and manage their A2A tokens
using existing Ethereum clients including official Ethereum wallets like
MyEtherWallet, Metamask, Parity, Mist or Ledger (hardware wallet) or keep
them on their STeX accounts.

2

Can I participate in the ICO without creating an Ethereum
address?
Yes, you can hold A2A tokens on your STeX Exchange account forever; you
will be able to withdraw A2A tokens to the supported blockchains any time
you want.

3

Can I participate in the crowdsale from my exchange
wallet?
Don't send currencies from an exchange! If you do so, you may not be able
to retrieve your tokens.

4

Can I buy A2A tokens by BTC or other cryptocurrency
instead of ETH?
Yes, please read the instructions on the ICO page:
https://stex.exchange/ico

5

Can U.S. or Hong Kong citizens participate in the token
sale event? What about residents of other countries?
No, as far as we know, residents of the United States can't participate in
the A2A tokens distribution because of the US laws. You can participate
in the STeX ICO if you are neither a Hong Kong or U.S. citizen or
permanent resident of the United States, nor have a primary residence
or domicile in the United States, including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin
Islands, and any other overseas territories of the United States.
Additionaly, as we have no ability to check participants’ residency
because of blockhain technology used in Ethereum network, and/or
their country regulations, the final decision about legal ability to join
this project as an A2A token holder must be made by participants
themselves.

6

Is there an Address (like the country, living address)?
Smart Token Exchange Ltd was incorporated in SVG.

7

How to add A2A tokens to MyEtherWallet?
Push on the “Add Custom Token" button

Fill up the form and push on the “Save" button
Address: 0x*************************************
Symbol: A2A
Decimals: 8

Now you can see your balance in MyEtherWallet!

8

Will tokens be available on the exchanges after
the ICO ends?
Yes, right after ICO end A2A become tradable at STeX exchange
against all listed coins and later on some other exchanges.

https://stex.exchange
stex.exchange

