SUPER EDGE
Edge Computing Token(ECT)

W h it ep ap er

Verson
2018 - 20 19

3 .0

Version

V1

V2

V3

Release

Cont ribut ors

2018 3 21

A lbert Yu
Sky Blue
ZiShin Hu

2018 4 20

A lbert Yu
Sky Blue
ZiShin Hu

2018 5 8

Albert Yu
Joe Chu
Edward Adam

Tab le of Con t en t s
1.

Ed g e Co m pu ti ng T ok e n

2.

B ACKGROUND

3.

CURRENT LIM ITATIONS

3.1.

ECT

Challanges

3.2.

The

old compu t i n g Challanges

4.

THE ECT SOLUTION

4 .1.

Technical

4 .2.

Core value

5.

M ARKET OPPORTUNITY

5.1.

The perfect Meaning for Market

5.2.

The BlockChain Market

5.3.

The APPs Market

6.

BUSINESS USE CASE

7.

TECHNOLOGY OVERVIEW

7.1.

Background : desktop computing

7.2.

the ECT

7.3.

p r o o f -o f -c o n t r iBu t io n

verview
roposition

Sid e c h a in In frastructure

7.3.1. consensus tools
7.4 .

D o m a in Sp e c ifi c Sid e c h a in

7.5.

ECT smart contracts : match mak ing

7.6 .

ECT Sm a rt Co n t ra c t s : Mu lt i-Crit e ria Sc h e d u lin g

7.7 .

E C T Sm a rt Co n t ra c t s : A Ma rke t Ma n a g e m e n t Fra m e w o rk

7.8.

E C T Sm a rt Co n t ra c t s : Re s u lt -Ch e c k in g o n t h e Blo c k c h a in

7.9 .

Ve rifi e d File Tra n s fe rs

7.10.

P ro o f-o f-Co n c e p t s

8.

THE M ARKETPLACE FOR CLOUD COMPUTING

8 .1.

the

loud

computing market place

8 .1.1. l o u d computingas a commodity
8 .1.2.

or ker s h e ECT tools mark e t p lace

8 .2.

the app store

8 .3.

the Mark et pl a c e

9.

ROAD M AP

9 .1.

Go -t o -ma r k e t

Stra teg y

9 .2.

V1:

Es s e n t ia l (community Edition )

9 .3.

V2: Mark e t Net work (Enterp ris e Editio n )

9 .4 .

V3:

10 .

FIN ANCI ALS

High Performanc e Comput ing (Enterp rise E ditio n )

10 .1 . Re v e n u e s
10 .2.

Co s t s

10 .3.

Token

airdrop

1. BLUEPRINT FOR D ECENTRALIZED CLOUD COM PUTING
Edge Cloud computing, larger, faster and stronger, can be deployed to the
cloud,Everyone is a node network. The edge computing has the following
characteristics: distributed and low delay computing edge computing focused real-time
and short period data analysis, which can better support the real-time intelligent
processing and execution of local business, which is more efficient because of the edge
computing distance to the user, and the filtering and analysis of data at the edge node.
ECT leverages a set of research technologies that have been developed at the INRIA and
CNRS research institutes in the field of Desktop Grid comput ing. The idea of Desktop
Grid (aka.
Volunteer Computing) is to collect the computer resources that are underutilized on the
Internet t o execute
very large parallel applicat ions at t he fraction of the cost of a traditional supercomputer.
We support equality for all, and everyone can become one of our node
networks. Some nodes turn to a cluster. Full nodes run on cloud servers. Each cluster separate
calculate to achieve the most efficient.
ECT is developing a new Proof-of-Contribution (PoCo) protocol, that will allow off-chain
consen- sus. Thanks to the Proof-of-Contribution, ext ernal resource providers will have the
usage of their resources cert ified directly in the blockchain.

SuperEdge allows open versions of such services to be created on its public chain, and then
incorporated by private networks in the form of building blocks. Token holders ensure
governance and allow developers to customize it to meet their own needs.

2. B ACKGROUND
The concept of ECT first appeared at the end of 2017. Our current lifestyle
(clothes, food, housing, etc.) has been grasped by major companies using
big data calculations. ECT is doing the same thing as them, but we hope
that everyone can manage their own information data and not be taken over
by others.
We will adopt a node election method to create a huge ECT community.
Everyone can control the node and upload the data in the node to other
companies' databases. However, it is anonymous and will not revea l our
privacy, but it can provide More convenient service for our lives.
Maybe you don't believe in decentralization. We will have a more
convenient, more transparent, yet more able to protect our privacy in the

future. Our lifestyle will undergo tremendous changes. This is also the
direction we are working hard for!

3. CURRENT LIM ITATIONS
3.1. Blo c kc h a in Co m p u t in g Ch a lle n g e s
Blockchains like Ethereum provide a new way to run decentralized applications (see DApps).
Ethereum allows programmers to write smart contracts - code executed on a blockchain virtual
machine. This represents a potential revolution in the design and implementation of services.
Investment, finance, crowdfunding, the Internet of things, insurance, forecasting markets, gambling,
distributed data processing, and so on have essentially disrupted a wide range of centralised and
fairy regimes.
Though they have a unique outlook of block chain calculation ability is very limited, it is
difficult to run a meshless applications: little storage capacity and a very low efficiency of
the virtual machine and very high potential threat. Eventually, blockchain technology will
evolve to overcome some of these problems, but beyond the simplest applications, more
capabilities will be needed for all applications. .
3.2. Tra d it io n a l Co m p u t in g In f ra s t ru c t u re Ch a lle n g e s
The existing clouds cannot fulfill the requirements of DApps that need fully decentralized
infrastruc- tures for their execut ion. Meanwhile, t here is a growing demand for computing
power from industries and scie ntific comm unities to run large applications and proce s s huge
volum es of data.
The computing power to run big data applications is most often provided by cloud and High
Performance
Computing
(HPC)
infrastructures.
However,
cloud
and
HPC infrastructures are complex
and
expensive. That means that innovative small businesses often don’t have the means and the
expertise to acquire and operate HPCplatforms, while traditional cloud infrastructure vendors
like Amazon AWS are still very expensive for demanding applicat ions (e.g. GPU rendering).
Furthermore, data centers consume massive amounts of energy for running servers
and the
cooling systems. This is not only costly but can have a huge negative impact on the
environment. We
need a new form of decentralized cloud that can enable blockchain computing and lower the cost
of
infrastructure usage.

4. THE ECT SOLUTION
4 .1. Te c h n ic a l O ve r vie w
ECT will support emerging blockchain based
distributed applications.
The cost benefit is achieved by building
a decentralized cloud framework to achieve
high performance computing.

A decentralized cloud based on a blockchain
will be very low. Access to the most competitive
computing infrastructure on demand, security,
and low cost.Dapp will rely on esc to automatically
search, find, provide, use, and release all composite
resources. They need: applications, data sets, and servers.
ECT envisions a new ecosystem that provides
storage,computer farms, data support programs, network
hosting, and SaaS applications, all of which are traded through
ECT. A decentralized Zed cloud will open up newmarkets for
active use of existing composite infrastructure.
The amount of energy required to bring down
Operating servers and air conditioning systems,
servers can be pushed out of the data center.
Through simplified interview with household,
distributed cloud computing.
In this way, a large or small number of data in
the center of the environment, at the same time more data
Close birth and consumer.
4 .2. Co re Va lu e P ro p o s it io n
ECT addresses the needs of all the decentralized businesses:
• DApp providers can perform off-chain computat ions on demand.
• Application providers can radically lower the computing costs of their decent ralized
applica-tions by using a safe, robust and reliable infrastructure.
• Data providers can expand their potential market size by integrating their services wit h t he
ECT marketplace.
• Server providers can monetize underused computing resources and increase the
return on investment on their exist ing infrast ructure, by seeking higher profits in
providing

their servers in the ECT marketplace.
Exis t in g in f ra s t ru c t u re p rovid e rs
ECT allows the rapid monetisation of existing computing resources for home users or
additional monetisation for existing infrastructure providers like miners. Functionalities
like sharing spare
cy-cles, using servers in a compensatory approach and usage of resources from
different providers
without the hassle of resource management allows new use cases and simple additional
moneti- sat ion.
D e c e n t ra lize d a p p lic a t io n s o r c lo u d in f ra s t ru c t u re u s e rs
ECT will provide computing resources to decentralized applications at a much lower cost
than tra- ditional blockchain computing resources, helping them drive more value for t heir
cust omers. Transparent reputation of resource providers will reward reliable providers, with
integrated Qualit y-of-Service controls providing the required level of computing resources. Support for
different resource providers and full visibilit y into part ial contributions from each provider will
also contribut e to transparency.
4 .3. Ke y Te c h n o lo g ic a l Ad va n c e m e n t s
Developing a strong decentralized computing market network requires several technological breakthroughs:
• develop a proof of contribution agreement that provides verifiable consensus, traceability and trust,
• develop smart contracts to obtain and provide computing resources and automatic payment after
execution,
• develop a technology that allows DAPP access to disconnected computing resources on demand.
• develop an Internet technology that promotes and USES computer resources in the marketplace,
• support the service-level consultation on the use of resource agents through consultation with them on the
status of their use and the provision of S L A certificates to clients and suppliers.

ECT would make it the world's first decentralization platformdecentralized computing market b y the proposed settlement programme！

5. M ARKET OPPORTUNITY
5.1. The Perfect Time In Market

The convergence of several trends has creat ed the optimal business environment for a
decent ralized
cloud infrastruct ure.

1. The convergence of several trends creates the best business environment for
decentralized cloud infrastructure.The advent of the blockchain proof device optimizes a
large number of computing resources to seek the highest return on investment and
provides sufficient resources for supply.
2. Smart contracts have reached the point where they can include all the complexit y of a
market network for decentralized computing resources, therefore vastly simplifying t he
in- frastruct ure.
3. In addit ion t o tradit ional cloud computing users, a new breed of distribut ed applications is
coming into prominence, disrupt ing the incumbents and showing potential great
promise for the future.
The sum of the se t re nds justifie s an imminent go-to m arket, in orde r to take the
le ad in cloud computing for dapps and be ready to scale with the increasing demand for
cloud resources in the years to come.
5.2. Th e Blo c kc h a in Ma rk e t
As a team with the highest ideal goal of achieving self-worth, we did not conduct ICO financing like others, but
used our own funds to support the development of the technical team.
Demand for distributed ledger technology, lower total cost of ownership, encryption in the money markets rose
ceiling and first issued COINS, increased demand for simplify business processes, transparency and
immutability, faster transactions, as well as BlockChaina - a - a service that is considered to promote growth. F
is the market.
Royal bank of Canada (RBC) "capital markets analyst" Mitch Steve (Mitch Steves) in 2018, a report published
on January 3, said confidently, encryption currency and chain block application maggie could increase of 13
times in 15 years, to $10 trillion.
Blockchain-based cryptocurrency will allow the creation of decentralized versions of value storage servers vices such as Dropbox or iCloud. The $10 trillion figure represents a third of its current size. Value storage
market.
At the same time, cloud service providers are likely to be most affected.
From blockchain technology, if they can't adapt, there will be a negative impact.

5.3. Th e D Ap p s Ma rke t

In April 2018, ChrisMcCann of duper state university analyzed top-level decentralized applications
(dapps) built on the largest distributed application platform.

The 312 dapps currently deployed can be divided into four categories:If 312 dapps have been
created globally, they are mainly divided into four categories:

I. Decentralized exchange

II. Games (mainly collectible games, excluding gambling and opportunity games)

III. Gaming applications

IV. Others (to be reintroduced later)

A key implication of his research is that the top Dapps in each category are still very small.

When studying "other" categories, the largest individual dapps in this category are basically pyramid
projects (i.e. pyramid selling) : POWH 3D, POWM, POWL, LOCKEDIN, etc.

Please be careful. All these items are actually pyramid selling.

Compared with traditional consumer networks and mobile applications, the number of these excellent
dapps is still small.

* Even "Top Dapps" are not very large: according to our rough estimation, CryptoKitties only have
14,000 independent users, with a daily transaction volume of 130,000

Compared with:

* Another comparison point, even for the top 50 apps in Google stores, there are more than 25,000
downloads per day. (it's just a download, not even a deal.)

A further review of DApp transactions tracked here also revealed some trends:

· more than half of DApp transactions last week were 0.

· only 25% of DApp transactions exceeded 100 within one week.

At what stage are we in, and what does that mean for protocols and ecosystems?

Based on these data, I personally have the following feelings:

We have a long way to go to get consumers to adopt DApp. Killer apps have not been created
(except token and transaction). Moreover, it seems that the overall utilization rate of "big" dapps
(such as IDEX, CryptoKitties, etc.) is low.

All good dapps are still focused on value speculation. Decentralized exchanges, gaming, pyramid
projects, and even the current collection of games (I think) revolve around speculation.

Which applications (other than value transfer and speculation) take advantage of the truly unique
properties of the blockchain (getting rid of censorship, data tampering, etc.) and enable the real
application of the blockchain?

Developers for the new agreement, don't try to convince the existing DApp developers in your new
platform build DApp - try to think what kind of DApp agreement that suits you, and how to help
them get to the real application.

As an ecosystem, we need to build better tools and infrastructure for widespread adoption of
DApp.

Metamask is a great tool, but for most casual users, the initial step of Metamask is still difficult. The
reason: a. the average user is not used to logging into an application by extension. B. if you are a
new user, in addition to downloading metamask, you need to learn the basics of the wallet, the
public/private key, and sign the transaction. C. the most important thing is that they need some in
the wallet to store the etheric money can use the application, so they either need to go to the
market to buy the etheric COINS, or turn into metamask purse the etheric currency. All this is a
hindrance to trying out new dapps. I understand why most dapps now only cater to existing
crypto-currency advocates, who probably already know all these steps. Toshi, Status, and Cipher
are steps in the right direction, and I'm really looking forward to building other tools to simplify the
user trial experience and improve general UI/UX for the average user.

supplement

Take the situation of DApp other than taifang DApp. Take LBRY and Steem as examples:

LBRY -- I'm not sure how much content they have on their network, but if you look at their block
browsers, they've done 325 transactions in the last 24 hours. It's a bit unfair given that they're still
in the early inner stage, but I still have to infer that their content networks are fairly small.

On the other hand, Steem is stronger than I expected. Here are some data:

- daily active users (DAU) 60,100

- 47,000 press releases per day

- daily comments were 120,500

Compared with the Reddit:

-monthly active users: 330 million (if the percentage has not changed since the DAU was
announced in 2016, my guess is about 25 million daily active users)

- about 350,000 copies per day

- about 2.8 million comments per day

ECT has chosen to focus on as a first step in its use strategy on Dapp, and imagine a more
valuable and more diversified password field of application, the application will use its
unique features. Growing up on their journey, competing with traditional consumers for
online certification - applications.

5.4 . Th e Tra d it io n a l Clo u d Ma rk e t
Over the past decade, cloud delivery and consumption patterns have revolutionized the IT industry,
as evidenced by the sharp rise in public cloud services. In its first overall prediction of cloud
opportunities, IDC estimated the entire world's cloud
Revenues will reach $554 billion by 2021, more than double what they were in
2016. The past few years have seen a steady flow of innovative services from
key citizens. Cloud service providers, including blockchain services, iot
back-end data services, encryption services, serverless computing services ,
and even new computing hardware services.
ECT will ident ify the areas where it s decentralized cloud market net work can best compete
wit h existing cloud infrastructure providers, and focus its effort s on these potential
compet itive advan-tages.
The team’s speed-t o-market due to a comprehensive existing technological
foundation will grant ECT first move r advantage , positioning ECT as the go-t o
com puting provider for the decentralized applications of the future.
ECT will allow traditional cloud services to be run in a new fashion within its decentralized
network, enhanced by the Ethereum blockchain and the ECT sidechain. This unique
infrastructure will give birth to the first global market for computing resources,
in which these re sources are provide d by a mix of private data centers and
public workers.
5.5. Th e Ed g e a n d Fo g Co m p u t in g Ma rke t
The Internet of things is rapidly expanding its potential to transform the everyday lives of smart
homes, cities, farms and manufacturing facilities. The market has huge growth prospects.
Gartner predicts that 20.4 billion internet-connected products will be available worldwide by 2020.
Developing solutions for the Internet of things requires unprecedented cooperation, coordination,
each part of the system, and connectivity throughout the system. All devices must work together
and integrate with all other devices. All devices must communicate. And interact seamlessly and
securely with the connected systems and infrastructure. Unless there is a new way of thinking and

new ideas, otherwise it is possible to achieve, but it may be expensive, time-consuming and
difficult iot security methods emerge from the current centralized mode.
FOG corporation, the Controland network, is more like a user's cloud-to-object continuity. The
global foggy com-puting market has the potential to reach more than $18 billion worldwide by
2022. According to a recent study by OpenFog project 451.
451 Research anticipates that adoption of the Fog-as-a-Service model will init ially t rail product-oriented approaches among early adopters, but that FaaS will grow t o represent more t han
one-third of all deployments by 2022, as the outcome-based lease model grows in familiarit y and
popularity.
The cloud segment will grow from a 16 .4 % segment s hare in 2 0 18 to a 35% segment s hare in
2 0 22 , to reach $6,3 billion in 20 22 .

ECT addresses bot h t he edge and fog comput ing market s, since our open infrast ructure can also
work with a private pool of workers. Fog and cloud complement each other to form a service cont i- nuum
between the cloud and t hings, by providing mut ually beneficial and int erdependent services.
ECT act ively part icipates in t he elaborat ion of standards and cont ribut e t o building a
frame of reference in the fields of fog and edge computing.
To do so, ECT hasjoined theOpenFog Consor- tium, a thriving ecosystem of organizations who share a
collective vision that fog comput ing is a key enabler to IoT and ot her advanced concepts in t he digit al
world.
OpenFog includes ARM, Cisco, Dell, Intel, Microsoft, and Princeton University, and has since grown
into arobust organizat ion wit h nearly 50 membersfrom acrosst heglobe. ECT’s goal and role
wit hin
t his consort ium is to accelerate t he deployment of fog comput ing technologies, wit h a focus on
developing blockchain-based open architectures t hat will support int elligence at t he edge of
IoT.
5.6 . Co m p e t it ive La n d s c a p e

We will limit our review of the competitive environment to activities related to blockchain, particularly

those that provide the following items: non-linked computing, data hosting, and computing
resources. Several projects allow computing on untrusted resources, such as Enigma or Truebit.
While these pro-themes are interesting from a research perspective, they tend to rely on heavily
constrained solutions. Their applicability, such as multiparty computing. ECT, by contrast, has a low
contribution and can be integrated with any legacy application or library.

ECT does not compete with blockchain based online storage solutions such as Storj, Filecoin, or Sia.
Instead, ect allows the use of data sets to be monetized, that is, data access for specific applications.
Oraclize ACTS as an intermediary between smart contracts and data sources to ensure that others
do not push the wrong data in smart contracts. The most basic technique is to find synergies.

Few projects provide computing resources through blockchains. Grid creates an encrypted currency
based on calculations provided to boinc-based volunteer projects, so it is largely limited to altruistic
contributions to science projects.
G o l e m, S o N m and e C T have the same wish to apply the new interconnection network infrastructure
for block chain initiation. However, their respective marketing strategies are slightly different. The objective
of G o l e m is to set up a network first. For attract the issue of the 3 d adamantly dye users to their
platforms, s o n m is nearly right from the beginning, from the side edge and e c t first concern is backing to
d a p p to compose to build a full astern of cloud. In the end, there will be enough competition to attract
cloud and H P C users.
An important feature of ECT is the interconnection of applications, services, and data. And computing
resources. In this use case, eFAST USES data and computing resource providers. Through block chain
technology.
Data provider
Data is an important source of business, technology and scientific innovation, which has led to the
development of clock-based data warehouses such as Ledgy.com and Keiko.com, an archive called
"CRY". Currency exchange data. ECT will enable application provider eFAST to connect to data provider
Kaiko.com, enabling eFAST to run based on specific user-defined combinations.

6.BUSINESS USE CASE: EFAST
AW Sor Microsoft Azure, distributed cloud service providers, such as calculation of QarnotIm Ent
ErorSgy, or block chain mining companies, such as genesis of mining, they always seek to optimize
their resources profitability, for example, Through the operation of H P C calculation and mining E t r u
u u m block. A user may choose e, F, A, S, T as the sequence of applications to be used, K, e, K, O as
the data source, and S, T, m as the source of funding. After that, the program sequence, data and
source shall be expressed as the intellectual energy contract d e. On the block chain, insert our banner.

7.TECHNOLOGY OVERVIEW
7.1. Ba c kg ro u n d : D e s k t o p Grid Co m p u t in g

Desktop grid computing includes several features that make it a good platform for a fully
distributed cloud:
• recovery power: if the node fails, the calculation continues at other work nodes.
• efficiency: applications can achieve excellent performance even if the compute node is highly
HETE.
• easy to deploy: allows the use of any node without a specific configuration, even those on the
edge of the Internet
Resources are available from classic high-performance computing clusters, cloud infrastructure
providers, and home PCS.
In the past decade, many distributed com-puting technologies have been developed: mpich-vfor
parallel computing, BitDewfor large-scale data management, SpeQuloSfor pro-vid. Service
quality meets application execution, first implementation of MapReduce Internet computing,
and so on.
We have gained unique expertise to make desktop grid technologies work and can be used in a
variety of scientific and start-up and innovation industries.
• the ECT team demonstrated the applicability of the technology in many scientific fields:
Physics, biomedical research, mathematics, financial algorithms, material research, 3D
rendering, etc. .
Understand their needs and needs from biomedical and electronic health departments, design
MVP and PoC.
The emergence of blockchain is the key factor that triggers our ultimate motivation. Eli led the
ECT program.
• knowledge and experience gained through exploring, inventing and building the Internet
Distributed computing infrastructure is a key part of creating distributed clouds for distributed
applications based on blockchain, and the basis of developed technologies ensures distributed
computing infrastructure. A quick marketing time and timely project completion.

7.2. Th e E C T Sid e c h a in In f ra s t ru c t u re
ECT relies on blockchains to coordinate computing resources' access to distributed applications.
This approach has led to some innovations in classic blockchain technologies - in particular,
consensus agreements to prove contributions and side chains in a particular area.

7.3. P ro o f-o f-Co n t rib u t io n
7.3.1. Co n s e n s u s P ro t o c o ls

Traditional blockchains, such as BTC or ETH, rely on work certification protocols, and the token
transactions that occur on the blockchain between participants are made up of a large number of nodes
that use password challengers. That happens outside of the chain block (e.g., to provide the data set,
transfer files, execute COMPUTING give human expertise) will lead to a symbolic transactions between
participants.

This means that a new protocol is needed to prove that contributions do occur - and that corresponding
token transactions can occur in the blockchain. We call it some kind of consensus proof of agreement contribution.
There are several similar protocols [Filecoin, Grid COIN, Fatcom] that allow the establishment of a
protocol between a primary chain and an off-chain resource. Gridcoin, for example, offers proof. The
research program rewards volunteers who donate part of their computer time to a great scientist.
Calculate [BOINC], such as biomedical research.

7.3.2 . Th e Ne e d fo r P o Co

ECT is building a decentralized cloud platform with application providers, data set owners,
and owners. For computing resources (workers) and users, the ECT token can be used to
evaluate their assets. Although the platform can be compared with the existing platfo rm, ECT,
completely decentralized nature means that don't need to trust any single agent, the agent
need incentives to participate in - is straightforward. In this context, poco(used to prove
contributions) is a protocol developed by ECT.
Describe the interactions between different agents and take advantage of features such as
incentives for builders and incentives.

7.3.3 . Th e Ro le o f P o Co w it h in t h e

E C T P la t fo r m

The ECT platform requires two entities to work:
• a market where agents present their resources and trade in ECT tokens.
• a distributed computing infrastructure based on middleware, xdiveweb-hep.
POCO ACTS as a link between the two entities. Once a deal is reached, poko will reach a
consensus. It will verify the different contributions of the staff in the middleware. When
consensus is based on the calculation results, poco triggers related transactions that occur. In
the market.
As mentioned earlier, different agents have different roles and different incentives. The protocol
itself allows the following agents to be listed first:
• Workers: They are individuals or companies who own comput ing resources and are willing to
make them available for t he comput ation of tasks against payments in RLC. Similarly t o blockchain
miners, t hey want a simple solut ion that will make their computer part of a large
infrastructure t hat will t ake care of t he det ails for t hem.
• Worker pools: Worker pools organize workers cont ribut ions. They are led by a scheduler, who
organises the work dist ribut ion. They can either be public and federat e resources from anyone
or private and try t o optimise t he management of specific hardware. While not doing the act ual
computation, t hey receive a fee for the management of the infrastructure. They compet e to attract
workers, which they do by achieving an efficient manage ment which guarant ees the income of workers.
• App providers: They deploy applications on t he ECT platform. Those applications can be

Dapps using t he full pot ent ial of blockchain-based decentralized Cloud or legacy applicat ions which could
benefit from t he ECT decentralized Cloud. They can make t heir applicat ions avai- lable for free or ask for a
fixed fee for each use of t heir application.
• Dat aset providers: They own valuable dat aset s and are willing t o make t hem available, in a
secure paradigm t hat protects their ownership, against payment s in RLC.
• Users: They are individuals or smart contracts paying for the execut ion of tasks, wit h or wit hout
specific datasets, using the comput ing resources of workers. They want t o ma ke sure that t he
result s t hey receive are correct .
• The ECT Hub & Market place: This is a smart cont ract , deployed by ECT, and without privileged access. It acts as an escrow for t he different agent s’ st ake and ensures t he securit y and
transparency of all transact ion in t he ECT ecosyst em.
The ECT Hub &Market place decentralizat ion, securit y and confidence are ensured by t he
blockchain technology. All ot hers agents are considered as pot entially malicious. The design of
PoCo’s oversight of all transact ions between t he agent s is done in such a way t hat it creates
st rong economic incen- tives to behave correctly. This makes ECT much more than other
conventional cloud providers by giving it t he capabilit y of organising a t rust ed computing
platform on t op of an infrastruct ure of untrusted agents. Not only is this trust building
process an interesting feature to have, it is essent ial to providing any result to blockchain
users and smart cont racts.
7.4 . D o m a in Sp e c ifi c Sid e c h a in

Ethereum allows code to be executed on the blockchain using smart contracts - a great
advance for blockchain technology. However, t he DAO attack [ HackDistrib] has shown t hat
dealing wit h smart contract s is a complex issue, especially when everyone is allowed to deploy
them. To prevent poten- tial security issues, ECT will follow a more restrictive approach: a
Domain Specific Sidechain.
Domain Specific Sidechain also means that we will adapt t he blockchain to meet t he
requirement of distribut ed infrastructure management.There might be the case where
transact ions would arrive “en masse” (i.e. tasks submissions) or case where low latency
(communication/ acknowledgement) is re- quired. In this case, relying on a sidechain with
specific capabilities can allow t o process these events.
For Josh St ark, co-founder at L4, the projects working to build the Ethereum infrastructure and
ex-pand it s capabilit ies are commonly referred t o as scaling solutions.
These take many different forms,and are often compat ible or complimentary wit h each other.
“Cryptoeconomic consensus gives us a core hard kernel of certainty—unless something extreme
like a 51% attack happens, we know that on-chain operations—like payments, or
smart-contract s—will execute as written.The insight behind layer 2 solutions is that we can use t his
core kernel of certaint y as an anchor—a fixed point to which we attach additional economic
mechanisms. This second layer of economic mechanisms can ext end the utilit y of public
blockchains out wards, lett ing us have interac- tions off of the blockchain that can still reliably refer
back t o that core kernel if necessary”, explains Josh Stark.
Many layer 2 scaling solutions are currently being developed, each offering a specific
tradeoff between speed, finality, and overhead. Among these, we can cite stat e channels,

0 x, Plasma, Raiden,PoA and Parit y Bridge, Cosmos, etc.
ECT will le ve rage a Dom ain Spe cific Side chain to lower the costs of gas on
Ethe reum, while choosing a solution differentiating itself by its applicabilit y t o
other main chains.
7.5.E C T Smart Contracts :Ma tch making
A Mat chmaking algorit hm [ Mat chmaking] is used in dist ribut ed syst ems to pair a resource request wit h a resource offer according t o t heir description. When designing a distribut ed Cloud, the
Matchmaking algorithm is an essent ial building block in resource provisioning. It basically answers t he
question: can I run this task on t his machine? We envision t he ECT blockchain to st ore smart contract s
describing t he comput ing resources charact erist ics, such as for example amount of RAM, CPU t ype, disk
space. That means t hat some contract s will describe t he requirement s for running a task or deploying a
VM inst ance (minimum amount of disk space, RAM, GPU runtime requirement,expected hypervisor et c.). A
Mat chmaking contract will do t he pairing, possibly implement ing different kind of policies.
Several Mat chmaking descript ion languages have been described in scient ific art icles and implemented in software. ECT t eam plans t o design and adapt a simplified version of t he well-known and
tested ClassAd [ ClassAds] that powers the CondorHTC distributed system, developed at the Universit y of Wisconsin.
7.6 . ECT Sm a rt Co n t ra c t s : Mu lt i-Crit e ria Sc h e d u lin g
In distribut ed syst ems, a scheduling algorit hm distribut es a set of t asks t o execut e on a set of computing resources. The scheduler is a key component of any distributed computing systems, as the performance of the application execution mainly depends of its effectiveness. In part icular, a challenge is
to design multi-criteria scheduler, i.e. an algorithm that has several strat egies to select t he comput ing
resources and schedule the tasks. For instance, one customer may want to minimize the price even if
the computation takes a longer time, while another customer may want the best performances even at
a higher cost.
The ECT t eam has developed an advanced mult i-criteria scheduler [ Mult icrit Sched] , which allows
customers to define t heir own preferences based on criteria such cost , performance, trust , reliabilit y, and
energy efficiency. ECT will adopt a simplified version of this scheduler.
7.7.E C T Sm a rt Co n t ra c t s : A Ma rk e t Ma n a g e m e n t Fra m e w o rk
There is still no Et hereum framework to manage a market , allowing t he users to put offers and demands to be stored and updated dynamically. ECT will develop a simple API t o regist er bids and a
set of t emplat e contracts t o easily deploy cust omized market s. ECT will also provide web user interface and the JavaScript code t hat allows int eracting with the cont ract s and easily placing orders.
7.8 .E C T Sm a rt Co n t ra c t s : Re s u lt -Ch e c k in g o n t h e B lo c k c h a in
Result checking is a process that verifies that a result has been correctly computed by an unt rusted
node [ Sarment a], and t here exist several approaches t o implement ing it . However, exist ing methods
(replication and vot ing, spot checking, reput at ion etc.) have been designed wit h t he assumption t hat
the comput ation were done for free (ignoring t he economic perspect ive). ECT will develop a new
result checking algorit hm t hat leverages t he blockchain and t he smart contract feat ures. By this
approach, users will be able to choose business part ners from t he market based on t heir provable
reputat ion and on t he established budget .
This will enable for example escrow t ype mechanisms, where payment s for t he execut ion will be de-

ferred until t he result has been certified. This mechanism can also be coupled wit h a reputation system t hat is st ored on t he blockchain and enables t he platform t o only run redundant comput at ions
for t he less trusted nodes, great ly reducing t he required resources and price of comput ing.
7.9 . Ve rifi e d File Tra n s fe rs
It is likely t hat commercial cont ent distribution will be one of t he biggest funct ions of dist ribut ed applicat ions using the ECT blockchain. This would for example mean customers paying for high value dat asets
(like genet ic or financial data) using smart contract s t hat would give t hem access t o data.
ECT will guarant ee that a cont ent provider was actually able to provide the file, and confirm t hat
the file has actually been downloaded before processing t he payment , t herefore protect ing the dat a
recipient. ECT also protects data providers against malicious downloaders, who could pretend that
the file transfer didn’t succeed in order to reclaim t he payment .
7.10 . Go ve rn a n c e
Because ECT will only aut horize signed smart contract s t o be deployed on the blockchain, a form of
governance is necessary to consider, such as peer reviews, and sometimes revoking smart contracts.
A smart contract should include:
• A proposit ion describing t he cont ract, writt en similarly to RFC standards,
• The code of t he smart cont ract associated wit h t he description.
Eventually, a distributed standardizat ion body will collaboratively evaluate and elaborate the smart
cont ract proposit ions.
7.11. P ro o f-o f-Co n c e p t s
In order to demonstrate the potential of the platform and demonstrate its technical feasibility, we
have prepared several proof of concept on the basis of the technology we have developed.
There are a number of commercial and research distributed applications that are well suited to
the ECT platform that provide not only low cost but also high scalability performance. The
following are just some new examples that have been integrated into the PoC platform that can
be used immediately:

• video transcoding: ffmpeg, a complete cross-platform solution for recording, converting, and
streaming. Audio and video.
• physical simulation: the high energy beam - beam interaction analog electronic collider in plop,
guinea.
• digital signal processing (DSP) : university of Westminster.
• physical calculation (ISDEP) : fusion, solving the dynamics of fusion plasma.
• audio analysis: DART, a distributed audio analysis and music information replay framework • optimization algorithm: BNBSS, different types of deterministic and heuristic optimization

An algorithm for solving global optimization problems.
We will test the principal architecture using blockchain-based cloud computing, off-chain
computing, and its high scalability.

8.THE M ARKETPLACE FOR CLOUD RESOURCES
8 .1. Th e Clo u d Co m p u t in g Ma rke t p la c e
8 .1.1. Clo u d Co m p u t in g a s a Co m m o d it y

ECT int roduces a new paradigm in cloud comput ing: it will allow the t rading of computing resources as commodit ies; in t he same way we may observe wit h resources such as oil, gold or
rice.

To understand the benefit of a global market for comput ing power, let us draw comparisons
with t he
oil market . When you are stopped at a gas stat ion, filling your car wit h oil, you have litt le to no
idea
where that oil comes from or how it arrived at that gas pump. There is an entire industry
behind the scenes, that has standardized the whole process from petroleum extraction, to
processing, to trans- port and delivery, and event ual utility being consumed by vehicles.
Now take the example of an application developer. A developer needs resources too, in the
form of computing power from cloud vendors to ‘fuel’ his applications. However, in contrast,
they do not have the luxury of benefiting from an organized and global market with
abundant choice of vendors and competitive prices.
Let ’s imagine you are a driver in t he same situat ion, wit h no choice but t o fuel a car in the same
way developers fuel their apps. Being a driver in this case, you would have to call a specific
Iranian or Ve- nezuelan ext ract or to organize oil transport ed direct ly t o your car.What’s worse is
t hat , because each oil company produces its specific oil without standardization, the driver
would probably have t o process or ‘transform’ the oil so that it is compatible wit h his car. Today, this is the situation
developers
find themselves in, in the current age of cloud computing.
Therefore, t he entire infrast ruct ure must be changed. Our vision with ECT is to cre ate the
first
global market for computing resources.

8 .1.2 . W o rke rs P o o ls

Computing resources will have t he possibility t o be integrat ed int o t he ECT network, making it t he
first decentralized cloud that is able to execute any t ype of applications using (almost) any t ype of
resource. Any machine will be able t o become a “worker”, i.e. gett ing paid in RLC for execut ing appli- cat ion
tasks.

Workers will be organized in worker pools. Each worker pool is managed by a scheduler, whose responsibilit y is t o distribute tasks t o workers. Thus, a worker pool is somewhat similar t o what we know as
‘mining’ pools. An individual miner oft en joins a mining pool t o maximize t heir chances of gett ing
reward comput at ions. Similarly, as a worker, you would join a public worker pool that will make sure that
it has sufficient workload to distribut e.
An interest ing feat ure is t hat several public worker pools will compet e, t herefore allowing for t he
best possible qualit y of service. As a worker, if you swit ch t o a different worker pool, you will st ill be
able maintain your reputation, bringing it ‘wit h you’ to t he new pool, as this is all recorded on the
blockchain.
In the marketplace, you will also find what we call “ privat e” workers pools, where all machines are
provided by a single cloud provider running his own scheduler. We already have sealed agreement deals
wit h several cloud companies in t he area of ‘Green IT’ t hat offer more sust ainable approaches t o data
centers.
What does it change for developers? A piece of ‘work’ is now defined as triplet: an applicat ion, a dat aset , and
a worker pool. It means t hat ever y dapp can now have access t o unlimit ed off-chain
comput ing resources just by specif ying t his triplet. Developers simply have t o deploy t heir
legacy applications (as Docker containers) and dat asets, and t o connect t o an exist ing worker pool.
8 .1.3 . Th e E C T M a rke t p la c e

Thanks t o t he ECT Market place, users will be able t o view all t he different worker pools,
t he available resources, t he prices for using t hem, and so on.
Based on t hese different offers, users and developers will select the corresponding pool to execute
their t ask. The market place is implement ed as a smart cont ract and is already part of our ‘PoCo’
prot ocol. The market place provides an easy-t o-use int erface so t hat users and developers can
see how t he market and ecosyst em is dynamically evolving.
8 .1.4 . Pay-p er-Task (PPT)

To make this market possible, we have to change the way pricing is done in t radit ional cloud computing.With AWSfor inst ance, you use a particular instance, which have known charact erist ics for some
time. Hence, the common way of pricing t he usage is the renting of an instance per hour, depending on
the zone. Such method cannot be used t o build a global market place, because t he resources will come
from many providers (including Int ernet users) and t hus will be very het erogeneous.
To address this issue we are int roducing a new method for pricing t hat we call Pay-per-Task, and
we have defined several t ask cat egories t hat describe t he execut ion boundaries. We’ll st art with a very
simple definition for task categories, namely wall clock t ime on a reference machine and amount
of data transferred. We’ll setup a test infrastructure so that application developers can evaluat e t he
cat egory of t heir submissions. Conversely, worker pools will be able t o benchmark t heir
infrast ructures against t he reference machine. Later, we’ll refine t he cat egories, and provide more advanced
tools for helping developers t o maximize the usage of the infrastruct ure.
8 .2. Th e DAp p St o re
The decentralized cloud opens the way to a whole new generat ion of applicat ions based on the Et hereum blockchain. These decentralized applicat ions are referred to as ‘dapps’. By design, the capacit y
of the Ethereum blockchain is limited to applications with very low computation requirement s; ECT
increases the computing capacity for all t hese new decentralized applications.

On the journey of becoming a cutt ing-edge cloud network, ECT has launche d t he first-e ver DApp
St ore for decentralized applicat ions in mid-Dece mber 2 0 17. Target ed sectors will be art ificial int elligence, big data, IoT and fintech-based applicat ions t hat require int ensive computing power.
All the applications built on top of ECT will be list ed on t he DApp Store. Users will be able t o browse
t hrough t he exist ing dapps and use t heir favorit es, while developers can submit t heir own
dapps
and earn money if t hey wish t o monet ize t hem.
The DApp St ore can be seen as a collection of applicat ions spanning all use cases. These apps are curated
and classified into mult iple categories. Applications are ranked following t heir reput at ion, and
users can discuss and leave comments on each dapp page.
This Dapp Store is connect ed to the Cloud Computing Marketplace, as well as to the Dat a Market- place,
realizing t he t riptych t hat will power a new generation of powerful dapps. Providing a platformfor dapps
with an open marketplace model is an important step towards a decentralized economy.We are proud t o
be a strong act or being able t o deliver product s t o feed this trend.
In order to boost t he development of applications on t he blockchain, ECT will organize regular
challenges aimed at funding t he most innovat ive and impactful applications relying on t he ECT cloud
resources. The first edit ion of the DApp Challenge has reserved a prize pool of $15 0 ,0 0 0 to support t he
most promising proposals received.
8 .3. Th e D a t a Ma rk e t p la c e
Today in the world of Big Data, massive dat asets are wait ing to be t urned into value. Facebook and Google
do it well, but we at ECT believe t his can be done by anyone, which is why we will build a marketplace to
connect those that have data to those that don’t have it, but would like to leverage it . Applications running
on ECT will be able t o make use of an ocean of data at t heir disposal.
The Dat a Marketplace allows anyone to sell data, whether it is an application t hat accumulat es data, big
corporations or individuals. Data can span from a wide variety of fields such as financial data from st ock
market s, user behavior data from an e-commerce websit e, or anonymized medical data from a hospital.
Applications can then buy and run algorithms on t his new tap of data, by relying on t he decentralized
comput ing resources provided on the Cloud Market place.
Toget her, the ECT Cloud Marketplace, DApp Store, and Dat a Marketplace represent t he t hree bricks of t he
tript ych t hat will power blockchain-based decentralized applicat ions and beyond.

9.ROAD MAP
To achieve our goals, we developed the following implementation roadmap according t o several fun- ding
levels.
With t he minimum funding (100 BTC), ECT will deliver an initial market net work that allows t o mo- net ize
applicat ions and servers. With a maximum funding (1,000 BTC), ECT will gradually develop the market
net work including data providers and HPC applications, t hen establish recurrent sources of revenue to ECT.

9 .1. Go -To -Ma rk e t St ra t e g y

We will develop 5 versions of t he product (V1to V5) that correspond to 3 steps in terms of go-t o- market
strat egy.
• Communit y Edit ion (V1)
Feat ures to create an open-source software that allows to build t he decentralized cloud. •
Ent e rprise Edit ion (V2 , V3, V4 )
Features to est ablish a full market net work profitable for a wide range of businesses.
• Research Edit ion (V5)

Feat ures t o make serious advances that can address wider t opics t han cloud comput ing (IoT,
Fog/ Edge comput ing).With the minimum funding (1 0 0 BTC), ECT will deliver an initial market
net work that allows to monet ize applicat ions and servers. Wit h a maximum funding (1 ,0 0 0
BTC), ECT will gradually de- velop t he market net work including dat a providers and HPC
applications, t hen establish recurrent sources of revenue t o ECT.

9 .2. V1: Es s e n t ia l (Co m m u n it y Ed it io n )
The Essent ial version aims t o provide DApps running on t he Et hereum blockchain an access t o
off- chain comput ing resources. This is an essent ial step in blockchain computing as it allows a broader range of applicat ions to run on t he blockchain.

At t he moment, t he gas mechanism provided by t he Et hereum blockchain makes t he execut ion
of algorit hms wit h comput at ion and/ or memor y requirement s rapidly cost ly and
performance prohibit ive. Thanks t o t he Essent ial version of ECT, DApps will have a simple,
secure, and prac- t ical way to reach off-chain comput ing resources t o execut e t heir
applicat ions.

To this end, t he Essent ial version will provide a smart cont ract API for t ask execut ion. In our proofof-concept, we have already bridged Ethereum wit h t he Xt remWeb-HEP Deskt op Grid middleware.
The bridge monit ors t he Task smart contract, and when a transact ion is detect ed, it triggers t he comput at ion on off-chain computing resources. When t he computation is over, the result is sent back to
the smart contract. To avoid a part of t he securit y risks, t he infrast ructure will only include trusted
computing resources. Also, in t his version, no resource payment scheme will be considered yet .The
Essential version will t arget an initial number of dapps, whom we consider our fut ure early adopters. ECT will provide a set of in-house applications, and will provide support for early adopt ers t hat
want t o deploy their applicat ions on ECT.

9 .3. V2: Ma rk e t Ne t w o rk (En t e rp ris e Ed it io n )
In t his version we build t he Market Net work, first ly addressing the Application providers and Server providers. We int roduce a Pay-per-Task scheme that allows t he payment from t he Task smart cont ract
t o t he Application and t he Server providers. ECT users can access t he Market Net work t o launch compute
intensive applications in different ways, e.g. an API, a GUI or a CLI. Application pro- viders can decide on a
payment scheme through a smart contract API.
This version will t arget the classic comput e intensive open-source applications wit h a very large user
base - part icularly 3D rendering (like Blender, Luxrender), biomedical research (like Blast , Aut odock),
mathematics (R) and finance for which we already have significant experience. With respect to Ser- ver

providers, t he focus will be on establishing partnerships with infrast ructure providers, such as smaller
Cloud providers, individuals and miners interest ed in rent ing t heir server farms, mining rigs or home
servers.
Through it s Pay-per-Task scheme, this version opens t he first revenue stream t hrough agreement s
wit h t he approved resource providers. This is t he very beginning of doing business bet ween providers by monet izing t heir resources. The usage of t he ECT comput ing service will expand, making
the business wit hin t he Net work Market to grow.
9 .4 . V3: H yb rid P u b lic -P riva t e In f ra s t ru c t u re (En t e rp ris e Ed it io n )
This version includes key feat ures for t he enterprises to widely adopt t he ECT market net work by
providing t hem with full control over the privat e/ public employment of t heir resources.
To be well grounded in the needs of industry, in 2014 we designed an MVP (Minimum Viable Product),
int erviewing 20 st art up companies from t he Lyon Biopole healt hcare innovat ion compet it iveness clust er
t o underst and how they would int eract with a distribut ed Cloud. Thanks t o this study we iden- tified three
mandat ory requirement s:
• Dat a must be t reat ed wit h at least t he same import ance as comput at ions,
• A clear dist inct ion between public/ privat e access of resources. For example, a privat e resource can only be accessed by the propriet ary company or by a restrict ed set of t rust ed
part ners. Conversely, a public resource can be handled by any host s.
• Have a clear vision of cost vs. performance when provisioning computing resources.
• At a first glance, designing a syst em which provides t hese t hree feat ures is challenging on fully
decent ralized infrast ructures. Fort unat ely, we already have strong research results and pract ical experience in each of t hese three areas.
This version will target Dat a providers, allowing them t o join t he Market Network. Moreover, a broader
range of ent erprises will be able t o start shipping their applicat ions and DApps t hrough ECT. Wit h this
version, t he market network will allow several direct connect ions bet ween different resource providers.
This version strengthens the revenue st ream of ECT by allowing new revenue models conceived for
DApps requiring a higher level of t rust and qualit y-of-service. These applications will benefit from
dedicated environments using selected resource providers, as well as specific QoS features t hrough a
performant SLA.
9 .5. V4 : H ig h P e rfo rm a n c e Co m p u t in g (En t e rp ris e Ed it io n )
This version allows miners to join t he ECT market net work as Server providers, and provide their
cust omers wit h true supercomput ing capabilit ies.
At the moment, t he mining farms monet ize t heir GPU resources by comput ing blockchain consensus.
Through ECT, t hese providers will gain access to a new market of blockchain-based HPC applica- tions. By
t his, the providers will be offered the opportunity t o bett er exploit t heir vast amount of comput ing power
and ext end t heir businesses.
For instance, Genesis Mining operat es t he largest Et hereum mining farms, which are composed of
tens of thousands GPU cards, all together represent ing a considerable computing power (>15 PetaFlops). For the first t ime at t he Supercomput ing Conference (SC16), along wit h ke y act ors of the
domain (JenHsun Huang, CEO of nVIDIA and Marco Streng, CEO of Genesis Mining), we init iated clear
synergies between HPC and blockchain computing. This ECT version will provide all the technology
building blocks to make this happen.
In addit ion to miners, t he ECT HPC version will ext end t he Applicat ion providers pool t o GPU-based
applicat ions. These applicat ions address deep learning, 3D rendering, comput ational fluid dynamics,
molecular dynamics, finance, and many more. We’ll put a focus on Deep Learning applicat ions be- cause of it s

incredible fast growing usage, and because actors are already keen on using GPU Cloud comput ing for
that.
This version aims t o ext end t he previously exist ing revenue models based on t he int egrat ion of advanced ent erprise feat ures t hat bring higher value t o providers.

9 .6 . V5: B e yo n d t h e D is t rib u t e d Clo u d (Re s e a rc h Ed it io n )
The goal of t his edit ion is t o allow new usage of ECT beyond t he Distribut ed Cloud. This will be a
clear step further in Blockchain comput ing, as DApps will be fully autonomous applicat ions, able to
provision resources, dat a, and applicat ions direct ly from the blockchain in a fully decentralized way.
To t his end, it’s necessary to int egrate several soft ware and prot ocols t hat are emerging now, or t hat
may be developed during t he course of t he project , like devp2p, swarm, uport etc. Combined wit h a
full development of the Proof-of-Contribut ion, t his will open new areas in the field of serverless services, direct ly host ed on the blockchain. It will also be necessary to design new consensus prot ocols
able to handle t he ECT workload. We plan to lead those researches in partnership with recognised
research labs in Europe and in China.
This will open the Market Network t o new applications specifically deploye d on ECT to take advantage of the dist ribut ed Cloud: IoT, Fog/ Edge computing, Smart Cit y. For inst ance, a recent study
shows that t elecom companies (AT&T, Verizon, Huawei, Orange ...) can halve t heir infrast ruct ure costs
by distribut ing small data-centers along t heir network point-of-presence. ECT will be t he building
block for such approaches.
As t he platform increases in complexit y, ECT will provide advanced met hod for deploying ECT
ready DApps, making it the “Heroku/ Docker for blockchain computing”. Thus, new revenue stream
will be gained by offering a hassle free deployment and development platform on top of the Market
Network.

10.

FIN ANCI ALS

10 .1. Re ve n u e s

ECT will generate revenues from different sources:
• Part nerships with resource providers (V2) and application providers (V4)
• Providing a private mode for applications/ data/ servers (V3)
• Providing advanced services for DApps (V5)
• Monet izat ion possibilities from t he ECT DApp Store
• Advanced financial services on cloud resources
10 .2. Co s t s

The funds are planned to cover four years of development and operational costs and will have three
main operational divisions:
• development and maintenance of ECT platform,
• the marketing and expansion of ECT marketing networks,

• academic cooperation to support the most advanced research projects in this field.
10 .3. Air Drop
ECT tokens will be used to access t he resources provided by the market network. It will be t he unique
way of payment for application providers, server providers and dat a providers.

