SuperCoin is an innovative X11 PoW/PoS coin, with PoW and PoS superblocks, and
with anonymous wallet features. The anonymous send is done through SuperSend
technology.
- What is SuperSend?
SuperSend is an anonymous send technology belonging to the Coinjoin catalogue. It is
implemented natively for SuperCoin (and may be used by other coins in the future as
well). SuperSend uses a cloud of de-centralized mixing nodes. These nodes use the
same SuperCoin wallet client, only configured differently. The clients send coins to
mixing nodes, mixing nodes mix the incoming coins and also with their own buffer, then
forward the coins to the destinations. Incoming/outgoing addresses are dynamically
generated and refreshed at regular intervals. This ensures the anonymity of the coin
transaction details.

The mixing nodes will be hosted initially by SuperCoin dev team, and can also be
hosted by credible mining pools. The anonymous send will be directed to these mixing
pools by wallet and mixed and then send to its destination.
Basically the flow goes like this:
A (source) -> {Xi} (i = 1, ..., m), then {Yi} (i = 1, ..., n)->B (destination)
where {Xi} and {Yi} are randomly chosen addresses from a large pool of dynamic
addresses.
The source amount from A is split randomly into m parts (for now we choose m =1-4,
but it will be a configurable parameter), they are sent to m random addresses in
randomly chosen mixing pool. The pool, on confirming the amounts received, will send
the same amount in n parts to the destination (n can be changed, configured or
randomized). The result transaction is not traceable (at least extremely difficult to trace,
given the large number of addresses in the mixing pool and dynamism of the
addresses).
In the future release of SuperSend each node will be exactly the same, any client will be
able to perform the mixer function if some minimum conditions are met. This will be the
fully trustless system.

Trustless system is more complex, as you have to assume any party will fraud
whenever it can. We designed a great scheme to handle this situation, with miniescrows, and multisignature wallet addresses and transactions. This is the future of
SuperSend.
Now some details on the mixing nodes. The following diagram shows details of
processing in the mix pool.

Arrays of the incoming/outgoing addresses are created and refreshed dynamically, and
randomly chosen for each transaction. Incoming and outgoing addresses balance their
coins with predefined algorithms.

- How does SuperSend integrated with SuperCoin?
SuperCoin made SuperSend very easy to use. First, there are no complicated
configurations to turn on and off the SuperSend feature. Just turn on the Coin Control
feature from menu Setting->Options the click on Display tab. Select “Display Coin
Control Features” checkbox.

Now you will see in the “Send Coin” tab, the Coin Control features. You will see now the
checkbox “SuperSend (anonymous send)” checkbox, at the bottom of the Coin Control.

You don’t have to use Coin Control to send coins. When you want to send coins using
SuperSend, just select the checkbox. It is very simple: it is based on each send.

SuperSend will charge 1% fee (with 0.5 SUPER minimum). This fee is provided to
mixer. Also it prevents scams with many small amount transfers. The fee will be added
automatically to the required sent amount from sender’s balance.
On the lower right corner of the QT client, there is a newly added indicator for
availability of the SuperSend. The SuperSend is enabled when you have connections to
one of the mixers. At this time the “S” icon displays green color.

If the “S” icon displays red, it indicates that you don’t have connections to mixers, so in
consequence the SuperSend feature is not available.

Despite we have a few mixers in different geographical locations, sometimes due to
various reasons you may not be able to connect to one of them. We also provide
additional secondary mixers, and you can add them by putting the following in the
SuperCoin.conf, and restart qt client:
mixpool = (ip address)
where (ip address) is the ip address of the secondary mixer. You can put multiple lines
for different mixers.
If the “S” indicator displays yellow, this means the current SuperSend job is in process.
You will have to wait it finishes before make another SuperSend. This yellow indicator
will last for maximum 20-30 seconds. So it is just a transition state. If you try to send
during this period, an error message will be displayed.

- So what about trustless system and de-centralized p2p anonymous system?
Yes this is our phase-2 plan. To make a trustless system, many details need to be
done, especially an algorithm that will “force” all parties behave correctly. Today,
several coins claim they do trustless system anonymous wallet, for example, CloakCoin.
But by reading their “whitepapers” I can ensure you that they don’t even know what is a
trustless system. Let me describe it in more details here.

A trustless system is characterized by the following rules:
- Each party will do the best they can by gaining (e.g. coins).
- Whenever possible, they will cheat to gain advantages.
- They will not sacrifice their own benefits to do damages (e.g. cheat).
- They will do damages even they don’t gain anything (make others lose, but they
themselves will not lose, they may not gain either).
So for a system A->X->B, when X is arbitrary selected (can meet some minimum
requirements), without using special measures (such as multisignature addreses), this
will never work. Because if A->X is performed first, X is not obliged to perform X->B
next. X can take all A sent as his own profit. Similarly X->B cannot be performed before
A->X, because otherwise A will not send anything to X, why should he since it is a
trustless system?
Some may say this is governed by the client software, as long as you use the software
then there is no issue. This is true. But who cannot guarantee that people won’t use a
fake software X, just by responding purposely to the messages and collect free coins?
A true trustless system, is whatever you do, you cannot gain or make others lose
without losing yourself.
With multisignature addresses and transactions, a true trustless system is possible, but
it is complex and not obvious. Many seemingly “correct” algorithms are in fact not
working. For example, let’s take a look at the following algorithm:
1. Client A makes a request to a randomly select X for an anonymous send.
2. X responds favorably and creates a 2-to-2 address and sends it to A.
3. A makes a deposit (equal to the sending amount + commission) to the 2-to-2
address and also creates a tx T, sending that amount to X’s address.
4. X sends the required amount to destination B (X will do so because he wants
commission, and A already deposited and created tx T, sending the amount to
him), with transaction S.
5. X then signs the tx T, and then send the tx S to A.
6. A verifies tx S, and then sign tx T, so X receives the sending amount +
commission.
This scheme seems fine, because A deposits the coins first, and creates tx T to send to
X. X has no reason not to send to B, because he wants his commission. After sending
to B, A verifies all, and releases the fund to X.
But this is not really working, because A has no obligation to complete the last step.
Although he will not be able to get his deposit (to 2-to-2 address) back, he can make the
X lose the amount, as (a) the coins already sent to B; and (b) without his signing, X will
not be able to get the coins he deposited. Though A cannot gain anything from this

transaction, he can cause damages to others (in this case X) without losing additional
coins on his part. Therefore this is not a working algorithm for a trustless system.
The great news is that we have already designed a working scheme for the trustless
system. We of course will not reveal it at this time. Our phase-2 work is in good
progress, and we will provide more details in the future. Unlike many other coins, we
know what we are doing, and we follow a good plan to the success.

